Explosions and screams erupted across Berkeley as more than 100 police officers deployed tear gas on protesters Saturday night and some protesters vandalized shops and blocked traffic in an approximately 10-hour-long demonstration against recent grand jury decisions on police killings of mostly unarmed black men and youth.
Approximately 40 demonstrators began the march peacefully about 5 p.m., growing into a crowd that at its peak contained about 1,000 participants. Demonstrators protested the decisions made by grand juries not to indict the police officers involved in the deaths of Michael Brown, a black man shot by a white officer in Ferguson, Missouri, and Eric Garner, who died after a New York officer put him in an apparent chokehold. Protesters also denounced the death of Kayla Moore, a transgender woman who died in police custody in Berkeley last year, and the alleged abduction of 43 students by police in Mexico.
“I'm here because it's not possible for me to sit down while my people are killed,” said Alanna Williams, a black freshman at Mills College in Oakland who was at the protest. “It seems like no one … understands what it's like. Nobody gets why I'm angry all the time. I cried when I heard that (the officer who shot Michael Brown) wasn't indicted. It made me feel unsafe.”
The crowd originally consisted largely of community members from Berkeley and surrounding cities, but it was joined by a rush of UC Berkeley students later in the night, as the interactions between police and demonstrators escalated in violence.
Police charged toward protesters about 10:30 p.m. at the intersection of Telegraph and Durant avenues after issuing multiple dispersal orders. Officers deployed tear gas, causing protesters to run south down Telegraph Avenue — some screaming and pushing one another. Multiple rounds of tear gas were released about 1 a.m., and some protesters found what appeared to be rubber bullets on the ground. One man who had a wound on his back said he was hit by one.
Yitz Deng, a UC Berkeley freshman, was hit by a cloud of tear gas while at the protest.
“The feeling was horrible, and after getting out into a side street, I could hear many people groaning, asking for water,” Deng said in an email.
Initially, several officers followed the demonstration by bicycle. About 6 p.m., protesters organized a “die-in” near the Downtown Berkeley BART station. There, protesters read out the names of victims who died from police use of force before holding a moment of silence.
Tensions rose between protesters and police officers after 6 p.m., when the crowd gathered in front of the Berkeley Police and Fire Public Safety Building, chanting slogans such as “hands up, don't shoot.” About 100 police officers eventually formed barricades. Later, police released smoke bombs into the crowd.
“(This protest) is important because our lives as black people — we're always being devalued in society,” said Kaejon Townsend, a UC Berkeley freshman at the protest who also participated in the Thursday occupation at the Golden Bear Cafe against police violence.
Throughout the night, police in riot gear formed multiple lines, blocking several intersections as protesters traveled away from the police building and around the Downtown area before going up to Bancroft Way and Telegraph Avenue. Along the way, protesters damaged property that included windows at Radio Shack and Wells Fargo and crates outside Trader Joe's. An officer required hospital treatment for a dislocated shoulder after demonstrators threw bricks, rocks and other objects at police, according to Berkeley Police Department spokesperson Officer Jennifer Coats. Police vehicles were allegedly vandalized.
According to Coats, a preliminary count at the end of the night showed that five adults and one juvenile were arrested. Berkeley police received assistance from more than a hundred officers from the Alameda County Sheriff's Office, California Highway Patrol, BART police and Oakland, Pleasanton, Hayward and Alameda police departments.
Two male protesters required medical attention, but paramedics had difficulties reaching them. Marcel Davis, a 22-year-old Berkeley homeless man, had a seizure and said police hit him with a baton.
As of 9:30 p.m., more than 100 police officers blocked the intersection of Bancroft Way and Telegraph Avenue. The crowd of protesters had swelled to about 200 and included many UC Berkeley students. Police proceeded to push protesters back on Telegraph and Durant avenues, during which demonstrators chanted, “Hey hey, ho ho, police state has got to go.” Police declared the assembly unlawful and later surged at the crowd.
“One person got thrown down to the ground (by police),” said Spencer Scobie, a UC Berkeley junior who was standing near the police line. “Police pushed people back with batons.”
After police deployed a first round of tear gas, the protesters were split into roughly three groups. One group of about 150 protesters walked to Oakland and then marched to 66th Street and Shattuck Avenue after being pushed south by officers.
The other groups, surrounded by police, remained between Channing Way and Haste Street. Some protesters were holding what appeared to be firecrackers, and the crowd chanted slogans such as “black lives matter.” About 1 a.m., as police deployed several more rounds of gas, about 250 protesters were pushed back toward Oakland before heading Downtown. An hour later, they doubled back toward campus.
By 3 a.m., the crowd of protesters had largely dispersed, with only about 15 people near the corner of Telegraph and Durant avenues.
Senior staff writers Sophie Ho and Katy Abbott and staff writers Chloee Weiner and G. Haley Massara contributed to this report.
Contact Jessie Lau and Melissa Wen at [email protected].
Donald Trump's campaign slogan is “Make America Great Again!” A better one might be “Only in America.” You could not ask for a better illustration of the complexity of ordinary Americans' attitudes toward class, wealth, and social identity than the fact that a billionaire's popularity among working-class voters has given him the lead in the race for the Republican Presidential nomination. In a recent Washington Post/ABC poll, Trump was the candidate of choice of a full third of white Republicans with no college education. Working-class voters face stagnant wages and diminished job prospects, and a 2014 poll found that seventy-four per cent of them think “the U.S. economic system generally favors the wealthy.” Why on earth would they support a billionaire?
Part of the answer is Trump's nativist and populist rhetoric. But his wealth is giving him a boost, too. The Democratic pollster Stanley Greenberg, who's published reams of work on white working-class attitudes, told me, “There is no bigger problem for these voters than the corruption of the political system. They think big companies are buying influence, while average people are blocked out.” Trump's riches allow him to portray himself as someone who can't be bought, and his competitors as slaves to their donors. (Ross Perot pioneered this tactic during the 1992 campaign.) “I don't give a shit about lobbyists,” Trump proclaimed at an event in May. And his willingness to talk about issues that other candidates are shying away from, like immigration and trade, reinforces the message that money makes him free.
Trump has also succeeded in presenting himself as a self-made man, who has flourished thanks to deal-making savvy. In fact, Trump was born into money, and his first great real-estate success—the transformation of New York's Commodore Hotel into the Grand Hyatt—was enabled by a tax abatement worth hundreds of millions of dollars. Yet many voters see Trump as someone who embodies the American dream of making your own fortune. And that dream remains surprisingly potent: in a 2011 Pew survey, hard work and personal drive (not luck or family connections) were the factors respondents cited most frequently to explain why people got ahead. Even Trump's unabashed revelling in his wealth works to his benefit, since it makes him seem like an ordinary guy who can't get over how cool it is to be rich.
For someone who talks a lot about winning, Trump has a résumé dotted with more than a few losses. On four occasions, companies he's been involved with have gone bankrupt. Yet these failures haven't dented his reputation at all, contributing instead to a sense that he's had to deal with adversity. In other countries, such failures would make it very hard for him to campaign as a visionary businessman. But the U.S. has always been exceptionally tolerant, in terms of both attitude and the law, toward business failure and bankruptcy. Indeed, Trump brags about how he used the bankruptcy code to get better deals for his companies; as he put it not long ago, “I've used the laws of the country to my advantage.”
Trump is hardly the first Western plutocrat to venture into politics. Think of William Randolph Hearst or, more recently, Silvio Berlusconi. But both Hearst and Berlusconi benefitted from controlling media empires. Trump has earned publicity all on his own, by playing the role of that quintessential American figure the huckster. As others have observed, the businessman he most resembles is P. T. Barnum, whose success rested on what he called “humbug,” defined as “putting on glittering appearances . . . by which to suddenly arrest public attention, and attract the public eye and ear.” Barnum's key insight into how to arrest public attention was that, to some degree, Americans enjoy brazen exaggeration. No American businessman since Barnum has been a better master of humbug than Trump has.
Take the debate over how much Trump is worth. It's impossible to get a definitive accounting of his wealth, since almost all of it is in assets—mainly real estate—that don't have clear market values. Still, he's clearly enormously rich. Bloomberg estimates his wealth at $2.9 billion, while Forbes pegs it at $4.1 billion—both tidy sums. But Trump will have none of that: thanks to the value of his brand, he says, he's worth at least a cool ten billion. This number seems so absurdly over the top as to be self-defeating. But there is a kind of genius in the absurdity. Trump understands that only an outrageous number can really “attract the public eye and ear.”
Trump's lack of interest in policy and his inflammatory rhetoric make it easy to dismiss him as a serious candidate, and it's highly improbable that he could ultimately win the nomination. But his bizarre blend of populist message and glitzy ways has allowed him to connect with precisely the voters that any Republican candidate needs in order to get elected (including many whom Romney couldn't reach). As Greenberg says, as long as he's in the race, “Trump is a huge problem for the Party. He's appealing to a very important part of the base, and bringing out the issues the other candidates don't want to be talking about.” Republicans may be praying that his campaign is just a joke, but right now Trump is the only one laughing. ♦
The artist of our family is most definitely my step-daughter. As her skill and talent develop, she needs a true easel, rather than books propping up a canvas on the kitchen table.
The construction is a basic a-frame style easel. The center rail has a rabbet running down each side of it, forming a reverse t-track. This allows the bottom shelf and the top clamp to be adjustable for both height and various sizes canvases. The two movable parts lock in place with a couple of star knobs which essentially clamps them in place. The support leg is adjustable so that the easel can tilt at various angles. This is accomplished by using two lengths of wood, one of which has a through groove ran down most the length. The other has a knob to hold the two pieces together. A third piece links the to the lower length of wood and to the main a-frame of the easel. This makes for a very stable support leg.
I decided to keep the wood unfinished. This is because I honestly didn't see the point of finishing it. With being used to paint on, it is going to get messy. Also, there is a good chance my daughter will want to paint it to make it her own. She is the artist after all! For this reason, I used poplar for the wood, both for the economy and it takes paint nicely.
This was a fun project to build! In addition to that, I am looking forward to seeing the wonderful works of art my daughter will create on it!
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
Google
Reddit
Email
Print
By Pam Martens: February 18, 2013
The President of the United States, who told us this past Tuesday evening in his State of the Union address how concerned he is with the middle class, disappeared into a millionaire's enclave for a three-day bachelor vacation with pals. According to the White House, Tiger Woods was among those playing golf with the President. First Lady Michelle, and daughters, Malia and Sasha, are skiing out west.
While the President is certainly entitled to rest and relaxation, what he is not entitled to during the greatest economic downturn since the Great Depression is hypocrisy.
Fresh from his State of the Union speech on Tuesday and a speaking tour focusing on how he plans to lift up the poor and middle class, the President flew on Friday evening to the Floridian Yacht & Golf Club in Palm City, Florida, a millionaire's golfing enclave where cottages rent for $1500 a night and golf lessons can run $3,000 an hour. The initiation fee is a one-time payment of $50,000 and annual dues are $15,000. The facility includes a 61-foot yacht.
Contrast all that against the 46.2 million Americans, including one in every five children, who are living below the poverty rate, defined by the government as $23,021 annual income for a family of four.
The Floridian is owned by Jim Crane, a friend of the President's and also owner of the Houston Astros baseball team. According to Crane, he greeted the President upon his arrival and said he hoped to play a round of golf with him on Sunday.
In 2001, Crane was CEO of Eagle Global Logistics when the company settled a broad based complaint filed against it by the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission. In the settlement, the EEOC said the company paid “African-Americans, Hispanics and female employees less than Caucasian and/or male employees for performing similar or comparable work.”
The Houston Chronicle reported that Crane told his subordinates not to hire blacks because “once you hire blacks, you can never fire them.”
While President Obama lavished in luxury, the ignored White House Press Corps stayed in a decidedly less elegant Holiday Inn in Port St. Lucie about 20 minutes away. Why the reporters were not told in advance that the President would be off limits to them for three days, allowing them to enjoy a three day weekend with their families back home, suggests more arrogance from the White House.
By Sunday, the White House Press Corps which had not been allowed inside the privileged grounds of the Floridian for even a photo of the President, was boiling over with anger.
Ed Henry, President of the White House Correspondents' Association, released the following statement: “A broad cross-section of our members from print, radio, online and TV have today expressed extreme frustration to me about having absolutely no access to the president of the United States this entire weekend. There is a very simple but important principle we will continue to fight for today and in the days ahead: transparency.”
As the President was spending the weekend hobnobbing with billionaires and millionaires, he released the following remarks in his weekend address:
Hi, everybody. This week, I've been traveling across the country – from North Carolina to Georgia to here at Hyde Park Academy in my hometown of Chicago – talking with folks about the important task I laid out in my State of the Union Address: reigniting the true engine of America's economic growth – a rising, thriving middle class…
And how do we make sure your hard work leads to a decent living?…
No one in America should work full-time and raise their children in poverty…
In the coming weeks and months, our work won't be easy, and we won't agree on everything. But America only moves forward when we do so together – when we accept certain obligations to one another and to future generations. That's the American story. And that is how we will write the next great chapter – together.
Apparently, the President plans to govern the Nation by rhetoric alone in his second term. He has thus far nominated a former Citigroup executive (Jack Lew) to be the next Treasury Secretary, a man who took $940,000 of taxpayer bailout funds as a bonus for himself. He has nominated a corporate lawyer (Mary Jo White) to head the SEC; a woman who would be completing her fourth turn through the revolving door and represents the largest firms on Wall Street.
The President needs to understand the next chapter is already being written. And so far, it's revolting.
The number of homes sold in Greater Vancouver in December fell dramatically from last year's highs, according to the Greater Vancouver Real Estate Board, but prices are only inching down.
According to the latest numbers released by the board this morning, the number of homes sold in Greater Vancouver dropped more than 22 per cent in December compared to the previous month, and nearly 40 per cent when compared to last year.
The declining sales figures match trends reported in recent months.
But board president Dan Morrison says while market sales have been slowing since they peaked last March, prices have not dropped significantly.
"There is no question, in the last six months, prices have come off two or three per cent," he said, "But compared to a year ago, prices are still higher."
In fact, the benchmark price of all residential homes dropped only 2.2 per cent over the last six months and prices are still nearly 18 per cent higher compared to December 2015, according to today's numbers.
Assessment increases
The news comes as homeowners receive notices showing the BC Assessment values for most homes in the region rose sharply between July 2015 and July 2016.
"Increases of 30 to 50 per cent will be typical for single-family homes in Vancouver, North Shore, Squamish, Burnaby, Tri-Cities, Richmond and Surrey," said a notice issued by the provincial body last month. "Typical strata residential increases will be in the 15 to 30 per cent range."
That roughly matches the price increase of 38 per cent for the benchmark price of detached homes in Greater Vancouver calculated by the real estate board, for the same period.
Likewise, the real estate board calculated the benchmark price for apartments rose by 27 per cent from July to July, while townhomes rose 29 per cent, which matches the upper range from B.C. Assessment.
Limited supply keeping prices up
Morrison notes the real estate market in Metro Vancouver is still adapting to the introduction of several measures introduced after the timeframe of those assessments, including the 15 per cent foreign buyers tax — and it remains difficult to forecast where the market is heading.
"The long-term effect of these actions won't be fully understood for some time," he said. "Best guess is another two to three months to work things out."
Morrison also notes one of the key factors stopping prices from falling is that not many people are putting their homes up for sale.
"The supply of homes for sale couldn't keep up with the demand for much of 2016," said Morrison. "The inventory is not there."
The latest figures show the number of homes on the market continued to fall in Greater Vancouver, dropping 24 per cent to 6,345 from November 2016.
For new listings the drop is even more dramatic: a 58 per cent decline since November 2016.
"Vancouver is not a factory town. People are buying for the long term. Nobody is forced to sell," he notes.
While detached homes have shown the largest drop since November at 1.8 per cent, apartments fell only 0.3 per cent, while attached homes fell 0.8 per cent, the figures show.
Mexico has gone public about military coordination with Israel in Chiapas, home to the Zapatistas liberation movement. (Image: Omar Torres / AFP/Newscom)
Earlier this month, Jorge Luis Llaven Abarca, Mexico's newly-appointed secretary of public security in Chiapas, announced that discussions had taken place between his office and the Israeli defense ministry. The two countries talked about security coordination at the level of police, prisons and effective use of technology (“Israeli military will train Chiapas police,” Excelsior, 8 May [Spanish]).
Chiapas is home to the Zapatistas (Ejército Zapatista de Liberación Nacional), a mostly indigenous Maya liberation movement that has enjoyed global grassroots support since it rose up against the Mexican government in 1994. The Zapatistas took back large tracts of land on which they have since built subsistence cooperatives, autonomous schools, collectivized clinics and other democratic community structures.
In the twenty years since the uprising, the Mexican government has not ceased its counterinsurgency programs in Chiapas. When Llaven Abarca was announced as security head in December, human rights organizations voiced concerns that the violence would escalate, pointing to his history of arbitrary detentions, use of public force, criminal preventive detentions, death threats and torture (“Concern about the appointment of Jorge Luis Llaven Abarca as Secretary of Public Security in Chiapas,” Fray Bartolomé de Las Casas (Frayba) Center for Human Rights,14 December 2012 [PDF, Spanish]).
Aptly, his recent contacts with Israeli personnel were “aimed at sharing experiences,” Abarca has claimed. This may be the first time the Mexican government has gone public about military coordination with Israelis in Chiapas. Yet the agreement is only the latest in Israel's longer history of military exports to the region, an industry spawned from experiences in the conquest and pacification of Palestine.
Weapons sales escalate
The first Zionist militias (Bar Giora and HaShomer) were formed to advance the settlement of Palestinian land. Another Zionist militia, the Haganah — the precursor to the Israeli army and the successor of HaShomer — began importing and producing arms in 1920.
Israeli firms began exporting weapons in the 1950s to Latin America, including to Nicaragua and the Dominican Republic under the Somoza and Trujillo dictatorships. Massive government investment in the arms industry followed the 1967 War and the ensuing French arms embargo. Israeli arms, police, military training and equipment have now been sent to at least 140 countries, including to Guatemala in the 1980s under Efraín Ríos Montt, the former dictator recently convicted of genocide against the Maya.
Mexico began receiving Israeli weaponry in 1973 with the sale of five Arava planes fromIsrael Aerospace Industries. Throughout the 1970s and '80s, infrequent exports continued to the country in the form of small arms, mortars and electronic fences. Sales escalated in the early 2000s, according to research that we have undertaken.
In 2003, Mexico bought helicopters formerly belonging to the Israeli army and Israel Aerospace Industries' Gabriel missiles. Another Israeli security firm, Magal Security Systems, received one of several contracts for surveillance systems “to protect sensitive installations in Mexico” that same year, The Jerusalem Post reported.
In 2004, Israel Shipyards sold missile boats, and later both Aeronautics Defense Systems and Elbit Systems won contracts from the federal police and armed forces for drones for border and domestic surveillance (“UAV maker Aeronautics to supply Mexican police,”Globes, 15 February 2009). Verint Systems, a technology firm founded by former Israeli army personnel, has won several US-sponsored contracts since 2006 for the mass wiretapping of Mexican telecommunications, according to Jane's Defence Weekly.
Trained by Israel
According to declassified Defense Intelligence Agency documents [PDF] obtained via freedom of information request, Israeli personnel were discreetly sent into Chiapas in response to the 1994 Zapatista uprising for the purpose of “providing training to Mexican military and police forces.”
The Mexican government also made use of the Arava aircraft to deploy its Airborne Special Forces Group (Grupo Aeromóvil de Fuerzas Especiales, or GAFE). GAFE commandos were themselves trained by Israel and the US. Several would later desert the GAFE and go on to create “Los Zetas,” currently Mexico's most powerful and violent drug cartel (“Los Zetas and Mexico's Transnational Drug War,” World Politics Review, 25 December 2009).
Mexico was surprised by the Zapatistas, who rose up the day the North American Free Trade Agreement went into effect. The Mexican government found itself needing to respond to the dictates of foreign investors, as a famously-leaked Chase-Manhattan Bank memo revealed: “While Chiapas, in our opinion, does not pose a fundamental threat to Mexican political stability, it is perceived to be so by many in the investment community. The government will need to eliminate the Zapatistas to demonstrate their effective control of the national territory and of security policy.”
Marketing “stability”
Today, faced with a people in open rebellion against their own annihilation, the perception of stability continues to be an important modus operandi for the Mexican government. For Israel, the Oslo “peace process” and the Palestinian Authority's neoliberal turn has similarly helped cultivate an illusory perception of peace and stability while the colonization of Palestine continues.
Indeed, “creating an atmosphere of stability” was the stated goal of the recent Mexico-Israel contacts, and the desire for at least the perception of it might help explain why an Israeli presence in Chiapas is now going public, or rather, according to journalist Naomi Klein, is being “marketed.”
Yet managing perceptions can only remain the short-term goal of governments whose shared ambition is to annihilate. And just as Israel shares with Mexico its military experiences against Palestinians, it is equally likely that Israel could apply some of Mexico's counterinsurgency tactics to its oppression of the the Palestinian people.
The military relationship between Israel and Mexico is how the Zapatistas themselves have long recognized their connection to the Palestinian struggle.
This message was underscored by Zapatista spokesman Subcomandante Insurgente Marcos when Israel was bombing Gaza in early 2009 (“Of sowing and harvests,” My word is my weapon, 4 January 2009). Despite the distance between Chiapas and Gaza, Marcos stressed that their experiences made the people of the two territories feel close to each other.
It is worth recalling Marcos' words: “Not far from here, in a place called Gaza, in Palestine, in the Middle East, right here next to us, the Israeli government's heavily trained and armed military continues its march of death and destruction.”
Linda Quiquivix is a critical geographer. She can be reached at www.quiqui.org.
Jimmy Johnson is an organizer in Detroit. He can be reached at johnson [dot] jimmy [at] gmail [dot] com.
I was diagnosed with Keratoconus in 1994 while in my last year studying to be an American Sign Language Interpreter. It seemed to pop-up overnight. I went from wearing soft contact lenses to correct a slight astigmatism, to not being able to see the color of stop lights, people's faces, or stairs. At the time of my diagnosis, I was pretty concerned about how Keratoconus would affect my career choice being that I would be working with a visual language (ASL).
At first, correcting my vision, seemed fairly easy. Contact lenses didn't fit right, so glasses were ordered. I wore those thick-lensed monsters for three years until they no longer could get me the vision I needed to function. That's when Keratoconus proved to be a real bear. I first tried lenses that had weights in them, to ensure that no matter how I put them in, they would right themselves and fit well. They were soft and hit every bump and peak my eye had. After weeks of experimenting, I was fit with Rose K Lenses, and I have worn them now (with periodic prescription changes and tweaks to the shape) for 18 years and until recently, have had great success.
This is with my Rose K Lenses.
Ghosting, glare, multiple images, and blurred vision is a daily struggle, but it's funny how one can adapt. I find it near impossible to recognize people's faces from a distance greater than 10 feet. I have learned to memorize their gait, posture, listen for their voice. Usually, this works out in my favor, as long as the person is moving or talking. There are many times that I have waved at someone, only to realize it's not who I thought it was. Ghosting makes reading signs a challenge. I often have to study each letter in a word, comparing one letter to another to decipher individual letters. Comparing open letters like C, L, and E, to closed letters like D, B, and O. The number “6” and the number “5” look interchangeable to me in print. Driving is often a source of anxiety. Glare is my enemy and it is worse when it is rainy, snowy, or just before sunset when the light is silvery and dim. A pair of headlights look like two large circles of 8 headlights each. I limit myself to driving at night only in areas with which I am familiar. If I am carpooling, I always opt to ride along, and not be the driver. My driveway to my residence is not well-lit and at night, when arriving home, it is hard to decipher exactly where the edge of the drive is. I rely on the large rock across the road from the entrance. I know when it's safe to turn, when I won't hit a curb, by seeing where the rock is in proximity to my car.
I have severe scarring on my corneas. Here is a picture of the scarring taken in 2014.
I used to be an avid reader. I've gone from reading 100 books in one summer, to having read maybe two in the last two years. Small print is not accessible and large print is a challenge after a long day of work. With my career as a sign language interpreter, there are times where I have to sit closer to my consumer (the Deaf person) to see their facial expressions and fingerspelling. When working with a team interpreter, I often rely on them to help me when I can't make out a small sign.
I run into door frames. I often reach for a drawer or an item, and misjudge the distance. I, on many hysterical occasions, have spotted a handsome fella across the room and nudged my girlfriend, whispering “look, look,” only for her to respond with, “what about that lady?” My friends have been great. They help me judge steps when leaving a party at night, counting out each one so I know how much farther I have to go. My family has been great, keeping on my progress, my frustrations, my fears. GPS has been a God-send, being that I can't read street signs.
I have struggles everyday with my Keratoconus, and being human, I sometimes triumph over those struggles, I've adapted to them. Other times, I allow myself to pout, to cry, to be angry. I've been a Certified Sign Language Interpreter now for 21 years. Twenty one years with Keratoconus, and I'm pretty sure it's safe to say, “I got this.”
When you leave the eye doctor after a scleral fitting and have to go to the store with werewolf eyes.
I'm currently being fitted with Scleral Lenses, as my Rose K lenses are only giving me 20/60 vision. I'm waiting for the third set to arrive. The fit is hard to match, but I was able to get to 20/30 with the last pair we tried, so I'm hopeful that we will get it right.
This is a partial list of edible molluscs. Molluscs are a large phylum of invertebrate animals, many of which have shells. Edible molluscs are harvested from saltwater, freshwater, and the land, and include numerous members of the classes Gastropoda (snails), Bivalvia (clams, scallops, oysters etc.), Cephalopoda (octopus and squid), and Polyplacophora (chitons).
A large number of different species of molluscs are eaten worldwide, either cooked or raw. Some mollusc species are commercially exploited and shipped as part of the international trade in shellfish; other species are harvested, sold and consumed locally. Some species are collected and eaten locally but are rarely bought and sold. A few species of molluscs are not commonly eaten now, but were eaten in historical or prehistoric times.
The list is divided into marine and non-marine (terrestrial and freshwater) species, and within those divisions, the lists are primarily arranged taxonomically, so that related species are grouped together.
Marine species [ edit ]
Gastropods (snails) [ edit ]
These sea snails are edible; some are listed by genus, others by species and others by their common name.
Most species of abalone, including:[1]
Many species of true limpets, including:
Many species of winkles, including:
Many species of conchs, including:
Some rock snail species, including:
Many species of whelks, Buccinidae, including:
Other sea snail groups:
Bullacta exarata , a bubble snail
, a bubble snail Amphibola crenata, an air-breathing mud snail
Bivalves (clams etc.) [ edit ]
Note that the common names of edible bivalves can be misleading, in that not all species known as "cockles" "oysters", "mussels", etc., are closely related.
Ark clams (Arcidae), including:
Many species of true mussels, family Mytilidae, including:
Many species of Pen shell including:
Atrina rigida
Pinna carnea
Pinna nobilis
Many species of true oysters, including:
Many species of true cockles, including:
Many species of scallop, including:
A live opened scallop showing the internal anatomy: The pale orange circular part is the adductor muscle; the darker orange curved part is the "coral", a culinary term for the ovary.
Many species of venus clam, including:
Many species in the family Mactridae, including:
Spisula solidissima from Long Beach, Long Island, New York State A large shell offrom Long Beach, Long Island, New York State
Many species of razor clams Pharidae, including:
Several species of bean clams Donacidae, including:
Other bivalve species, including:
A tank with live geoducks for sale
Chitons (coat of mail shells) [ edit ]
Cephalopods (octopus, squid etc.) [ edit ]
Many species of octopus including:
Many species of squid are used as food, including:
Some species of cuttlefish are eaten:
Other cephalopods:
Non-marine species [ edit ]
Edible freshwater and land mollusc species include freshwater snails, clams, mussels and land snails:
Land snails [ edit ]
Freshwater clams [ edit ]
See also [ edit ]
References [ edit ]
Republicans in the Senate want to restore veterans benefits to the Paul Ryan – Patty Murray Budget plan.
Harry Reid is blocking the amendment so Republicans are blaming Harry Reid for cutting veterans benefits.
That is intellectually dishonest of the GOP.
Paul Ryan, a Republican, drafted the plan with Patty Murray, a Democrat.
House Republicans overwhelming approved the plan before it even made it to Harry Reid for a vote. The Republicans could have restored the cuts themselves in the House. Instead, they voted for the plan with the cuts to veterans benefits and went home.
Were Harry Reid to restore the cuts, he'd need to get the House back from Christmas vacation.
Republicans are going to have to own this. Paul Ryan drafted it. John Boehner pushed it through and didn't give even the 72 hours he promised he'd give for people to look through his legislation. Maybe had John Boehner spent more time reading through the legislation instead of blasting conservatives for opposing cuts to veterans' benefits and tax increases he could have done something.
Veterans, including veterans disabled due to war injuries, are going to get screwed in the legislation.
This is not Harry Reid's fault. This is Paul Ryan's fault, John Boehner's fault, and the House Republicans' fault. They rushed the plan through without fixing it. To blame Harry Reid for what they themselves did is just crass partisan politics.
Made worse, it is partisan politics on the backs of veterans — that's something the Democrats usually do.
October 15, 2017 Ottawa Transport Canada
The Honourable Marc Garneau, Minister of Transport, today made the following statement about a drone incident in Quebec City:
“On October 12, 2017, a Skyjet flight was struck by a drone while inbound to Jean Lesage International Airport in Québec City. This is the first time a drone has hit a commercial aircraft in Canada and I am extremely relieved that the aircraft only sustained minor damage and was able to land safely.
“Transport Canada is monitoring the situation and is in contact with its transportation partners including Skyjet, the Jean Lesage International Airport and NAV CANADA. My department is in contact with the Service de police de la Ville de Québec and we will cooperate with the Transportation Safety Board should they decide to investigate.
“Although the vast majority of drone operators fly responsibly, it was our concern for incidents like this that prompted me to take action and issue interim safety measures restricting where recreational drones could be flown. I would like to remind drone operators that endangering the safety of an aircraft is extremely dangerous and a serious offence. Anyone who violates the regulations could be subject to fines of up to $25,000 and/or prison. This applies to drones of any size, used for any purpose. All airports, helipads and seaplane bases are “No Drone Zones” if you do not have permission from Transport Canada. For 2017, to date 1,596 drone incidents have been reported to the department. Of these, 131 are deemed to have been of aviation safety concern.
“I would like to remind the public that all drone users are required to abide by the Canadian Aviation Regulations, including the Interim Order Respecting the use of Model Aircraft. Transport Canada encourages all drone users to learn about the rules and to consult the wide variety of educational tools available on our website at www.Canada.ca/drone-safety.”
Contacts
Delphine Denis
Press Secretary
Office of the Honourable Marc Garneau
Minister of Transport, Ottawa
613-991-0700
delphine.denis@tc.gc.ca
Media Relations
Transport Canada, Ottawa
613-993-0055
media@tc.gc.ca
“National security and privacy are not mutually exclusive,” said Senator James Lankford, Republican of Oklahoma, a freshman who like several other younger Republicans voted against the senior senator from his state. “They can both be accomplished through responsible intelligence gathering and careful respect for the freedoms of law-abiding Americans.”
Tuesday's vote was a rebuke to Senator Mitch McConnell, Republican of Kentucky and the majority leader, who, until the end in a bitter floor speech, maintained the bill was a dangerous diminishment of national security. Lawmakers in both parties beat back amendments — one by one — that he insisted were necessary to blunt some of the bill's controls on government spying.
Mr. McConnell blasted his fellow senators — and by association Speaker John A. Boehner, who heartily endorsed the measure — as taking “one more tool away from those who defend our country every day.”
“This is a significant weakening of the tools that were put in place in the wake of 9/11 to protect the country,” he said. “I think Congress is misreading the public mood if they think Americans are concerned about the privacy implications.”
But even scores of senators who loathed the actions of Mr. Snowden voted for the legislation.
The legislation's goals are twofold: to rein in aspects of the government's data collection authority and to crack open the workings of the secret national security court that oversees it. After six months, the phone companies, not the N.S.A., will hold the bulk phone records — logs of calls placed from one number to another, and the time and the duration of those contacts, but not the content of what was said. A new kind of court order will permit the government to swiftly analyze them.
The Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court, for the first time, will be required to declassify some of its most significant decisions, and outside voices will be allowed to argue for privacy rights before the court in certain cases.
The battle over the legislation, the USA Freedom Act, made for unusual alliances. Mr. Boehner joined forces with Mr. Obama, the bipartisan leadership of the House Judiciary Committee, and a bipartisan coalition of senators against Mr. McConnell and his Intelligence Committee chairman, Senator Richard Burr, Republican of North Carolina.
On Wednesday, Cordarrian Richardson "committed in space" to Maryland. On Thursday, he came back down to earth and signed with UCF.
The news caps off a whirlwhind process for the four-star running back from Memphis, who originaly had been committed to Clemson before reopening his recruitment in recent weeks, first visiting UCF, then Ole Miss and Rutgers.
He was expected to announce from those three on signing day, then at the last minute thought he might delay that decision in order to visit Michigan State this coming weekend. But those plans were quickly scrapped and he was back to the original three finalists, so he said.
But on signing day, via a pre-coordinated video with Bleacher Report that featured a high-altitude weather balloon, Richardson announced a commitment to Maryland, a school not once mentioned as a team of consideration and one he had not visited. Afterward, he told local reporters this:
"Recruiting is stressful," Richardson said. "That video was done a while ago. They asked me to pick my top five schools ... and they edited it.
"I knew it was Maryland two days ago ... but I just kind of wanted to surprise everybody. I didn't sleep very much (Tuesday night) though. I got to bed pretty late."
But Richardson never actually signed with Maryland. He was not included in the school's press release and head coach D.J. Durkin was not permitted to talk about him during their press conference given the fact he had not yet signed.
On Thursday morning, Richardson's National Letter of Intent arrived at UCF. That set off a firestorm of tweets from coaches, who promised big news was on the way. The school officially released the news at 10:16 a.m., via Scott Frost's Twitter account.
It's a big-time get for UCF, which lands one of the top running backs in the nation. Richardson rushed for 2,239 yards and 18 touchdowns as a junior, following with a 1,761-yard, 12-touchdown performance as a senior.
Luxury Family Vacation at the Grand Luxxe Riviera Maya. The Mayan Riviera is a tourism district, located at about 30 min from Cancun airport, along with the Caribbean coastline of the state of Quintana Roo. Surprisingly for some people, this is a favorite destination for many. And one of its most sacred secrets is the sumptuous' hotels and fabulous constructions made for those that enjoy the very best of life.
Hi In Mexico, Luxury is spelled with double X, you'll see why:
Our experience at the Grand Luxxe Riviera Maya, luxury resort & spa was close to a dream. Yours will be too!
You will feel as an exclusive guest from the very beginning at this formidable resort. Transportation along the Vidanta at Riviera Maya can vary; however, we were treated to private carts that would pick us up and drop us off at any location across the hotel complex.
As you arrive at the main entrance, you notice the difference and excellence in customer service from the staff, ever willing to help and eager to please. Once you are directed to the main lobby, the very tall ceilings and calming colors along with seductive music make you feel at ease. The outstanding concierge staff will welcome you with a fresh drink and invite you to start your time at the Grand Luxxe Riviera Maya, luxury resort & spa
This time around, we traveled with our kids. The elegance was never an issue or made us feel out of place. On the contrary, the kids felt welcomed as well and acknowledge by the staff as they were giving us the bracelets that would identify us as guests of the resort hotel. This is a favorite for the kids as they are able to use their bracelets to open the room!
Registration was a breeze, we are used to longer registrations were you have to sign a bunch of papers, and that really takes the fun away from your vacation. This time though, the excitement never stopped.
Our concierge walked us to the building, a few steps away from the lobby. We were placed on the third floor. Along the walk, you can be sure to see Iguanas wandering free along the boardwalk, coatis and local exotic birds.
Once in the building, the cleanliness through the corridor is unreal; we finally get to discover our room and there it was! An unbelievable space, dare we say designed just for our family.
The Perfect Luxury Suite for the Whole Family. This is not your regular room at a fancy resort; this is more like an apartment or villa.
The One-Bedroom Suite is a one bedroom, one-and-a-half bathroom suite with one king-sized bed, gourmet kitchen, living room with a sleeper sofa, dining room, two LCD TVs, Jacuzzi tub, and wide terrace with a private plunge pool. Accommodates 4 adults, 2 children.
The view from the terrace is the jungle and at the very end the Caribbean Ocean. Needless to say, we saw unforgettable sunsets and star-filled nights. You can actually spot during the day, cruise ships leaving the island of Cozumel and at nighttime the lights of the city.
It is a very private space, which is something that the builders kept in mind, and the decoration is impeccable, lavish, and beautiful.
The plunge pool at the terrace was a hit! The kids went right in as we finished putting our stuff away and got ready to enjoy our time there.
We booked ourselves for an aromatherapy massage at their Spa, Spatium – spatiumrm@grupovidanta.com.
Spatium takes indulgence to a whole new level; luxury lifestyle at is best. It is secluded at a private space within the facilities; a wooden pathway will take you there, again surrounded by nature and its beauty.
The spa's amenities are modern yet they keep it very unique with the “Mayan Casitas”, little houses that are yours for 50 minutes or the duration of your treatment. You are invited to come about an hour before your massage to enjoy the rest of services at the spa; definitely, plan on doing that!
Spatium has a state of the art hydrotherapy circuit that offers Jacuzzis, cold plunge tubs, steam rooms, and a salt therapy cabin. You can enjoy yourself, relax and rejoice on your own time, pampering yourself while on vacation.
Personalized Care
One of the staff members will be assigned to be your companion and direct you to the facility. Their customer service quality, comparable to the very best, is evident at every step.
After your hydrotherapy session, you will be directed to a room where your therapist will meet you and walk you through your Mayan casita. A brief consultation happens during the walk, really respectful and insightful, it is a one on one consultation that assesses specific needs to achieve full benefits during your massage/treatment. Once in the room, the massage therapist will begin with a spiritual ritual that involves a welcoming to the Mayan culture, its roots, the four elements and also honors your visit to the spa.
Not to spoil your first time, but to give you a little bit of what you'll live, the aromatherapy massage starts and ends with a sample of vibratory therapy that intends harmonizing the body and mind by “tuning” energy centers in the body providing balance. It is said to create a healing environment through sound.
This will really set you in the mood for your treatment and leave you satisfied and stress-free. We trust that your aromatherapy massage will meet or surpass your expectations. The essences used were perfect! The combination of eastern and western techniques promise to ease your nerves and relieve your stress.
Pros and Cons of Spatium:
Pros:
This place is literally in the middle of a small jungle area afar from stress and distractions; you don't have to imagine you are in your happy place; you are indeed surrounded by nature, steps away to the Caribbean ocean, a perfect scenario to relax.
You are not necessarily escaping your family; they're having fun while you relax. In other words, no guilty feelings! You can actually let go and enjoy your experience.
Any guest of the Grand Luxxe can enjoy the spa amenities without booking a treatment if there is not enough time. Don't miss the hydrotherapy circuit!
It is super private, more than the spas we are used to in the City. This also helps with your relaxation.
Cons:
You don't ever want to leave!
There comes a time close to your 50 minutes of treatment where you feel so relaxed you almost mourn that it's over.
No cons really, this was at the very top of our favorite things.
The massage therapists are professional and certified that love their art and excel at it.
A Brand New Beach Club For Everyone
After this extremely soothing affair, we were invited to the Beach Club, exclusive to the guests of the hotel. We were told that it had been recently renovated and a must- see during our stay.
The concierge at the lobby kindly arranged a reservation for us and the staff at the beach club was waiting for our family and greeted us warmly. To describe the amenities as unbelievable would be an understatement; this place is paradise.
The Beach Club is private to the Grande Luxxe and Grand Bliss members; it has widespread views of the ocean and is located next to a Spanish restaurant, “El Chiringuito”.
We were assigned an open cabana right at the pool, in the middle of all the action. One of the hostesses walked us to our space and introduced us to our waiter for the day. We had enough space for the four of us; the best feature was a closet to store every single thing you carry when you have kids! So the area always looked nice and clean.
Our cabana included a dining room and a mini sofa plus two beach chairs right at the pool, it felt like having our own deck.
Despite the club being full, it never felt crowded. The DJ played upbeat music and pleased all tastes. This was like our own little island, we really felt at our element.
Our waiter was great at recommending appetizers and drinks. We were there during their Happy Hour event that gets you two drinks for the price of one; to savor those magic cocktails or even enjoy a cold beer was wonderful.
Kids, Sand Castles, and The Best Family Time
We went for a short trip to the beach to take some family pictures. The kids loved the pool as much as the beach, to have them side-by-side was not only convenient but a bonus!
After making sand castles and getting in the ocean, we went back to our cabana at the beach club to finish the rest of the afternoon there.
The food was delicious; there are lunch and snack options for kids, which always helps! There are many options that include Mexican food, but for those picky eaters, you can rest assured there are enough plates in the menu for you to choose.
Before the day ended we made sure to reserve a cabana for the next day.
Feeling Like a Celebrity
The consistent unparalleled service and the customer service skills at Vidanta are two things that prevail during your stay, and also things you remember. The Grand Luxxe is truly stunning and luxurious and you will feel like a celebrity from start to end. It was such an exceptional experience that we needed to recommend it to all of our readers, we cannot wait to go back!
Important Information:
One of the many things you'll love is their boutique, Jade. Packing for the family can be overwhelming and chances are, you will forget something; don't panic, they have you covered. You will find from groceries to clothing, pharmacy, jewelry and a variety of souvenirs.
This time around, we stayed the whole time at the resort but if you and your family are adventurous travelers, Vidanta will arrange your outside trip and get you the best fees and plans for you.
The second largest barrier coral reef in the world, The Mesoamerican Barrier Reef, is near the area; it is said that the diving and snorkeling day trips are essential. The concierge service should be able to arrange it all for you.
PS: Special Thanks to all the staff at the Grand Luxxe Riviera Maya, for the best luxury family vacation in Riviera Maya from the cart drivers, bellboys, housekeeping, to the concierge and general manager. This trip was sincerely unforgettable for our family!
For questions and reservations:
concierge.cun@grandluxxe.com
https://www.vidanta.com/web/riviera-maya/grand-luxxe
Wife Makes Shocking Discovery A Reddit article went viral when a wife said she discovered her husband's micro-you know what AFTER they got hitched:
Someone Went Through Mike's Stuff Over the last few weeks, the office has been preparing for a visitor from corporate. Mike arrived to work today and saw a stack of his things with a
The Work Enemy A recent study said that most people have a, “work enemy.” We discuss the reasons why work enemies are formed… and then we take a hilarious call from Chris!
Torrey Smith Talks Charity Basketball Game, Flacco's Move to Denver, Ugly Numbers Torrey Smith is back in town to promote his annual charity basketball game. Tickets are on sale now for the former Raven's eighth annual event, which tips off at 3
It was our anniversary and I wanted a nice weekend getaway. But I didn't want the weekend that most New Yorkers are accustomed to, like going to some bed and breakfast in New England. Rather, I wanted to take my meat-eating boyfriend to a farm sanctuary.
I had been vegan for a few years already, but my boyfriend was not. We'd go out to eat and he'd order a chicken Caesar salad wrap. While I never made his choice to eat animal products a point of contention, it was something I knew deep down I could change. You see, Brian loves animals as much as I do. If he had the opportunity to actually meet a cow, pig, or chicken, I knew the experience would open his eyes.
After about a week of research, I discovered Catskill Animal Sanctuary , a little slice of heaven nestled in New York's Catskill region and just a short drive from New York City. The pitch wasn't hard. I showed him some adorable goat videos and he was sold.
The morning of our sanctuary tour we grabbed a bite at this little diner in Woodstock. I enjoyed a delicious tofu scramble while Brian chowed down on a chicken BLT club. Little did he know this would be the last time he'd eat meat.
As we drove down the hill to the sanctuary, a group of friendly goats and sheep greeted us. Along our tour we kissed pigs on their snouts; held turkeys, chickens, and ducks; played with more goats and sheep; and met beautiful horses and dozens of other animals.
But there was one animal in particular that Brian had a special connection with, an incredibly gentle brown and white cow named Tucker. He greeted us with a soft moo. I remember Tucker lifting his giant head for Brian to reach under and scratch. The two locked eyes, and I truly believe at that moment Brian saw who was behind those eyes—a living being with feelings and thoughts.
Our tour soon came to an end, and it was in our car that my boyfriend turned to me and said, “I will never eat an animal ever again.” Three years later he's still living that promise.
We've since gone back to visit Tucker and all our friends at Catskill Animal Sanctuary. Each and every tour is just as special as the first.
Most of us are raised consuming animal products and never once question where they come from or how animals are treated at factory farms. We're far removed from the process. Yet when given the opportunity to see these gentle, sensitive, and intelligent animals as the individuals they are, we so often can't stomach the thought of eating them.
I know we hear it all the time, but it's true: Animals are our friends, not food.
Click here for tips on dating a meat eater.
Ruby was on edge.
That was natural considering she grew up with Yang and today was the day of pranks, but it was more than that. There was another factor altogether.
The short redhead knew exactly what were her teammates thought of the holiday; Blake had a mild interest, Weiss didn't care and Yang loved it of course, Ruby had very little to go on for her own girlfriend.
Ruby had only heard one thing about the previous year's pranks from Pyrrha's teammates. The look of horror in Nora's face was the most terrified Ruby have ever seen the hammer-user… ever!
At first Ruby hadn't believed. There is no way Pyrrha could do anything that scary, its Pyrrha! Pyrrha is literally the nicest person I know! So Ruby had forgotten all about it… until she woke up to Pyrrha's emerald full of mirth, trying her hardest to suppress her giggling.
So something was definitely was up. Ruby knew that much. The real question was what exactly was up?
Having grown up with Yang, Ruby knew all the easy pranks and how to avoid them. Check all the blind spots, the bucket on the door, switching the ketchup with the mustard… everything was normal.
That could only mean that something far more dastardly was afoot.
Perhaps something far more complex? Maybe Pyrrha has other people acting with her! Ruby's brain was ablaze with increasingly bizarre conspiracies.
Like the fact that she'd gotten through the first class without one of Yang's expected pranks to go off. It must mean they are working together! It made perfect sense; Yang would totally go to Pyrrha, Ruby would never expect her girlfriend to do anything even vaguely sneaky!
Ruby was a huntress, she was supposed to be ever vigilant, she'd survive whatever they threw at her and come out unscathed!
By the second class period, her resolve was starting to falter. Nothing had happened. Well, correction, something had happened; Weiss had sat on a whoopee cushion which resulted in a rather graceless sound and was currently beating Yang over the head with it until Oobleck finished his coffee and intervened. But nothing involving Pyrrha.
Those mirthful emerald eyes were taunting her! Pyrrha has to be up to something! You can do this Ruby, you can survive! …but what could she possibly be planning?!
I know Pyrrha, and it can't be anything too bad! But if it isn't obvious, then it has to be reaaaally evil! That was always the case with Yang; the later in the day that the prank happened the worse it was. That was a small reason why Ruby was always glad when she woke up to the prank; it meant the worst part of the day was already over!
Unlike now. Playing the waiting game was starting to get on Ruby's nerves, she could feel herself getting jittery just thinking about what horrific prank that even Nora couldn't speak about that Pyrrha had in store for her. It had to be really, unequivocally, diabolically evil!
Lunch passed uneventfully. So did the rest of classes. Ruby was practically twitching as she looked everywhere for something that'd pop out and scare her or just something! Even Blake had finally hit one of Yang's pranks… how the blonde had gotten Zwei into their room, Ruby had no clue as the two redheads walked back to the dorms together.
"I have a confession to make." Pyrrha finally spoke up as the sun dipped below the horizon, her giggles no longer hidden. "I… may have pranked you today."
Silver eyes widened, she already did it? How did I miss it?! Everything has been normal! "What did, uh, you do?"
"I changed your alarm to one minute sooner." Pyrrha let out a deep sigh of relief. "I hope that didn't go over the line too much?"
"…what?" The gears turning in Ruby's head hit a snag. "T-that's it?"
"Yes." Red hair swayed as Pyrrha gave a quick nod. "Hopefully that wasn't to audacio-
"That's it?!" Ruby screeched, causing her girlfriend to leap a full foot off the ground in surprise. "Nothing crazy like dying everything pink or messing with Crescent Rose?!"
Pyrrha shook her head hesitantly. "N-no Ruby, was I supposed to?"
Ruby took a deep breath and slowly let it out. I was fretting over nothing the whole day? "I-I just thought it'd be really devious or something."
"Like what?" The confused head tilts from her better half prompted Ruby to elaborate, as curious emerald eyes stared at her.
"Nora said that you did a really unspeakable thing last year… and Jaune and Ren didn't even remember it, so I kinda guessed it was a really crazy one…"
"Oh!" Pyrrha sheepishly rubbed the back of her neck. "I don't think they even noticed their alarms going off early… Nora sort of did. She likes her sleep. A lot." The thousand-yard stare entered Pyrrha's eyes.
"Well, that's not so bad then! At least it's not like Yang's pranks!" Ruby didn't even try and suppress a shudder. "I can't image…what… she is…" The teen trailed off as a horrified look went across her face. "Yang hasn't pranked me yet!"
"Isn't that a good thing?" The tall redhead asked. "Unless you want to be pranked…?"
"It's a bad thing! A very very bad thing!" Ruby shook her head as they finally got to Ruby's dorm. "Yang's pranks ge-"
There was a pile of cookies sitting on a desk.
Something had to be off. One thing was abundantly clear to Ruby, however, she could not eat those cookies. They had to be tampered with!
This was the most insidious of all of Yang's pranks yet!
AU: Happy April Fools' Day!
Stress from work and stuff may have gotten to me, so this quality really IS lesser the normal. I swear.
So guess what! Dilation chapter will be later today (I hope) and Acceptance after that (if ASouthernRussian doesn't die while he edits :D )
Thank you for reading and have a great day!
Pearls:
Pharmaceutical first-line treatment is stimulants: amphetamines and methylphenidate. Long-acting agents are preferred due to less abuse potential and more controlled release of the drug but are generally more expensive.
Though the diagnosis of ADHD is clinical and an extensive workup is generally not warranted, many common things can mimic ADHD. These include sleep deprivation, anxiety, depression, medications (ie: anticonvulsants, antihistamines), caffeine and other recreational drugs.
Adult ADHD Self-Reporting Scale (ASRS) is a nice screening tool to do with patients.
Adult ADHD is diagnosed based on the DSM V criteria which looks at 9 different symptoms. Additionally, the symptoms must be impairing (loss of job, relationship discord), pervasive (present in multiple domains) and lifelong (general onset before age of 12).
Heidi's clinical scenario: 29 year-old guy, Brian, comes into her office saying he thinks he has ADHD. He has extreme difficulty focusing on things at work and at home, to the extent he has lost a job and has faced marital discord. No matter how much effort he puts into finishing a task, he has a hard time finishing it.
What are the diagnostic criteria for ADHD? The DSM (Diagnostic Statistical Manual) is the main reference in psychiatry to diagnose many psychiatric illnesses. The DSM V criteria for diagnosis has 9 criteria divided into 3 sections (technically you need five out of nine but you should consider severity and duration of symptoms):
Attention-related:
Easy distractibility
Inability to sustain attention
Inability to listen
Task-related
Starting task
Sustaining task
Completing task
“Bumbling” symptoms
Problems remembering appointments/obligations
Misplacing or difficulty finding items
Making careless mistakes
These symptoms are accompanied by impairment (ie: losing job, marital discord)
What about hyperactivity? May be seen less in the adult patients compared to pediatrics but can also present as irritability.
What screening tools are out there? Adult ADHD Self-Reporting Scale (ASRS questionnaire), 18 questions.
You may consider watching them fill out the questions and if they are able to easily complete it, lean away from the diagnosis.
Supplement to a fuller conversation with the patient.
Other important considerations: ADHD is pervasive and lifelong. Symptoms should be present for at least 6 months and present before age 12. It is not focal to one particular thing so you should see it in personal life, work, school, etc.
There is some newer literature to suggest adult onset ADHD may be possible but more research is needed.
What else can mimic ADHD? Sleep deprivation (common in today's society), anxiety, depression, learning disorders, thyroid or liver problems, lead toxicity and substances (recreational, nicotine, caffeine, anti-histamines, anticonvulsants). No routine screening labs are necessary but you might consider thyroid studies and a CBC at a minimum.
Treatment?
Lifestyle and non-pharmaceutical: sleep, low-glycemic index diet, ongoing and continuous behavioral coaching (ie: to-do lists), therapy
Medications:
Stimulants (methylphenidates, amphetamines) are first-line, no study shows a difference between the two major classes. Amphetamines may have more side effects and interfere with the P450 system; however, some patients will respond to one better than the other.
Methylphenidate (ie: Concerta), short-/long-acting available
Dexmethylphenidate (ie: Focalin), short-/long-acting available
Amphetamines:
1. Mixed salts (Adderall): cheap, long-acting
D-isomer – thought to have most effects of controlling hyperactivity and inattention
L-isomer – not much activity and more side effects
2. Dextroamphetamines (Dexedrine): D-isomer mixed salt that became a popular drug of abuse (Andy Warhol's favorite!) in the 1970's but is actually quite effective with no more abuse potential than Adderall. Short and long-acting forms available.
3. Lisdexamfetamine (Vyvanse): D-isomer mixed salt, long-acting. Only activated in the gut so cannot be crushed or snorted for abuse. Expensive ($280-380 per month).
Long-acting preferred over short-acting in adults because stable release of medication leads to less withdrawal, once a day dosing, and less abuse risks. Short-acting is cheaper and you have more control over the timing of medication coverage.
Side effects: adrenergic fight or flight symptoms – elevated BP, tachycardia, anorexia, abdominal pain, sexual dysfunction, insomnia, jitteriness
Pearl: Patients may say they prefer short-acting because they have that “being on a drug feeling” but long-acting is just as effective.
Titrating dose: Evaluating the patient in-person to evaluate plateauing (no improvement in symptoms with last dose increase) and side effects. If either of those things, would consider switching classes.
Can you have people on two different classes? Maybe. Our interviewer has never done it but you may consider adding a short-acting onto a long-acting at the end of the day.
Other options that are not quite as effective:
Bupropion – 50% reduction in ADHD symptoms, may be used in mild cases. Good for those with co-morbid depression and smoking.
Atomoxetine (Straterra) – takes longer time to become effective and doesn't seem to work very well, may increase diastolic blood pressure.
Tricyclic antidepressants – may help with comorbid anxiety but not as well tolerated.
Alpha-agonists – data shows effect in children with hyperactivity, last-line
How do you manage the risks of drug abuse with stimulants?
Approach your patient with positive intent, assuming they are being truthful unless something tells you otherwise
Controlled substance agreements are an option
Online state-based drug monitoring tools
If concerned about a patient, consider meds with decreased abuse potential (Vyvanse) or non-stimulant medications
How about the college students that want to use it to help them study for exams?
Possible location of Madison's Public Market on east side
Possible location of Madison's Public Market on east side
MADISON, Wis. - Madison Mayor Paul Soglin told News 3 Monday night that the public market on the east side will be delayed until 2021 because of "significant cuts."
Soglin said the city had to make "significant cuts in the capital budget to keep the city afloat," and that he will make the announcement, along with other projects that have been cut, when the capital budget is released Tuesday.
In 2014, Madison's Local Food Committee passed a resolution asking the city council to move forward with the public market planning process on the site at East Washington Avenue and First Street.
Under the proposal, the city garage at that location would be turned into a public market that would include vendors selling prepared foods, local produces and arts and crafts.
Photo
Hillary Rodham Clinton held a private meeting with Senator Elizabeth Warren in December, seeking to cultivate the increasingly influential senator and to grapple with issues raised by a restive Democratic left, such as income inequality.
The two met at the Northwest Washington home of the Clintons, without aides and at Mrs. Clinton's invitation.
Mrs. Clinton solicited policy ideas and suggestions from Ms. Warren, according to a Democrat briefed on the meeting, who called it “cordial and productive.” Mrs. Clinton, who has been seeking advice from a range of scholars, advocates and officials, did not ask Ms. Warren to consider endorsing her likely presidential candidacy.
The conversation occurred at a moment when Ms. Warren's clout had become increasingly evident. After the November election, Senator Harry Reid, the Democratic leader, appointed Ms. Warren, a Massachusetts freshman, to a leadership role in the Senate; she led a high-profile effort to strip a spending bill of rules sought by large banks; and a patchwork of liberal groups began a movement to draft her into the presidential race.
Ms. Warren has repeatedly said she is not running for president, and she has taken no steps that would indicate otherwise. Still, she is intent on pushing a robust populist agenda, and her confidants have suggested that she would use her Senate perches during the 2016 campaign to nudge Mrs. Clinton to embrace causes like curtailing the power of large financial institutions.
The get-together highlighted an early challenge for Mrs. Clinton, who as the Democrats' leading contender for 2016 has all but cleared the field for her party's primary. She is intent on developing an economic platform that can speak to her party's populist wing and excite working class voters without alienating allies in the business community.
That Mrs. Clinton reached out to Ms. Warren suggested that she was aware of how much the debate over economic issues had shifted even during the relatively short time she was away from domestic politics while serving as secretary of state.
Mrs. Clinton was often criticized by the right as a doctrinaire liberal during her husband's presidency and, as a presidential candidate, ultimately ran as more of an economic populist than Mr. Obama did. But she is now seen by some on the left as insufficiently tough on Wall Street. That perception, denounced by allies as unfair, has stuck, in part, because of her husband's policies and because of the lucrative speaking fees she has collected from financial firms and private equity groups since she left the State Department in early 2013.
Some of Mrs. Clinton's supporters, frustrated by the attention and adulation generated by Ms. Warren, noted Tuesday that the two actually hold similar positions on a range of economic issues, though Ms. Warren's rhetoric has been more fiery. Mrs. Clinton, hoping to delay formally starting her candidacy for as long as possible, has refrained from detailed discussions of economic policy. In recent weeks, though, she has become more vocal, using Twitter to offer support for the Dodd-Frank financial overhaul, for instance.
The one-on-one meeting also represented a step toward relationship building for two women who do not know each other well. And for Mrs. Clinton, it was a signal that she would prefer Ms. Warren's counsel delivered in person, as a friendly insider, rather than on national television or in opinion articles. It may also indicate that Mrs. Clinton, who was criticized for running an extremely guarded campaign in 2008, has learned from her mistakes and will reach out more regularly.
Aides to Mrs. Clinton did not respond to requests for comment about the meeting, and aides to Ms. Warren could not be reached.
The meeting in December fell two months after a more awkward encounter: Mrs. Clinton and Ms. Warren crossed paths at a Massachusetts rally for Martha Coakley, the Democratic nominee for governor there last year. At that event, Mrs. Clinton repeatedly described Ms. Warren as a champion against special interests and big banks; Ms. Warren, in turn, barely acknowledged Mrs. Clinton, who was the featured guest.
Both Mrs. Clinton and her husband appeared eager to keep a close eye on Ms. Warren; Bill Clinton has appeared sensitive to her oblique criticism of his deregulation of financial institutions. Beyond policy differences, the Clintons are anxious to demonstrate that they, like Ms. Warren, appreciate the economic difficulties many Americans are facing.
The December meeting recalled another private session between Mrs. Clinton and a Democratic upstart: In 2005, shortly after he was sworn in to the Senate, Barack Obama paid a visit to Mrs. Clinton in her Senate office. In that instance, though, it was Mr. Obama who was seeking counsel.
How do you make Chiefs quarterback Alex Smith nervous? Throw him on the first tee of a Pro-Am at Pebble Beach.
"Alex was saying that he was more nervous on the first tee than on any first snap of a football game," PGA tour pro Ben Martin, Smith's partner for the day, told the Kansas City Star. "But that (football) is what he does, so I guess that's to be expected. A little more out of his comfort zone but he's been great."
Smith, who also played with 49ers great Steve Young in his foursome, doesn't have much to be nervous about these days. At 31, he's signed through 2018 and he just helped the Chiefs cap one of the most improbable comebacks in regular season history. The Chiefs' playoff win against the Texans was the franchise's first since 1994 and Smith set a personal high in passing yardage. It's safe to say that everything is in a good place. He won't be fending off a young upstart, and he should have total continuity once training camp starts -- in a division that could be free of Peyton Manning.
"I enjoy the characters you meet from all over, and then we get to play with professional golfers, which is humbling," Smith said about playing in a Pro-Am. "It's so much fun and it's a fantastic deal, truly unique, and I don't think there's anything else like this where you're playing with professional sports guys with their work on the line."
Smith didn't make the cut, but something tells us he's alright with that. Life is going well.
Director John Putch's Atlas Shrugged: Part 2 was met with disinterest from the North American movie-going public, Alt Film Guide reports. The film, which stars Samantha Mathis, is the second part of the epic cinematic adaptation of author Ayn Rand's 1975 novel. On Friday, the movie only managed to make around $692,000 from over 1,000 locations. When you break down those numbers to reveal the project's per-location totals, the second installment only managed to earn around $684 at each theater.
Box Office Mojo reports that Atlas Shrugged: Part 1 managed to earn around $674,000 from only 299 theaters. Although the first installment made less than its sequel, it did so in a lot less theaters. Not surprisingly, it may take a while before this particular endeavor can recoup its budget.
Atlas Shrugged follows the adventures of Dagny Taggart, a railroad executive who attempts to keep her business alive and well while the world is coming apart at the seams. Internet Movie Database describes the sequel as follows:
“The global economy is on the brink of collapse. Unemployment tops 24%. Gas is $42 per gallon. Railroads are the main transportation. Brilliant creators, from artists to industrialists, are mysteriously disappearing. Dagny Taggart, COO of Taggart Transcontinental, has discovered an answer to the mounting energy crisis — a prototype of a motor that draws energy from static electricity. But, until she finds its creator, it's useless. It's a race against time. And someone is watching.”
The film's critical reception hasn't fared much better than its box office returns. The film currently has a Rotten Tomatoes score of 0 percent from just ten critics. “The people behind the ‘Atlas Shrugged' series of films have things they want to tell you, and just to make sure that you know what they are, the movies tell you, and tell you, and then tell you again,” Alonso Duralde wrote in his review over at The Wrap.
Did you catch Atlas Shrugged: Part 2 over the weekend? Do you think it was as bad as critics have claimed?
It's more common than the fear of spiders, snakes, darkness, or even clowns. People hate to do it. They think it will cause injury if they do it wrong. They think it's a black art. What could be so terrifying?
Cleat replacement.
It's true. Some of you are very adept at replacing your cleats. However, many of you – and we still love you – struggle mightily with it. For those that do not want to handle the placement and replacement of their own cleats, there are many qualified bike fitters and services that will handle this for you. We want to cover 1) accurately replicating the position suggested by these professionals when your cleats wear out, and 2) some very basic setup tips for those without the means to see one of these professionals.
Basics, rules, and regulations
How does one know when it's time to replace those cleats? For starters, they will look worn.
There is no hard and fast rule with visual wear. There are, however, a few indicators. On Shimano cleats, each of the ‘corners' have colors depending on the amount of float they have. Yellow is six degree, red is zero degree, and my blue cleats have two degrees of float. If any of those colored covers are entirely worn off, it's probably time for new cleats. My blue cleat has a good sized dent in it, but I think they still have some life in them.
In general, the best places to look for wear are all of the edges that interact with the pedal. For example, Shimano cleats have a ‘ledge' at the rear – this is what actually clips in to the pedal:
If this ledge gets worn and/or chewed up, it will become increasingly difficult to clip out of your pedals.
In fact, that is one of the best indicators of cleat wear – feel. Most cleats will feel tight for the first ride or two when they're brand new. After the initial break-in, they should feel ‘normal' – a crisp clip-in action followed by a smooth and even clip-out. As they get worn, they will tend to feel increasingly sloppy while clipped; some will even allow for pronation, supination, and a huge amount of overall wobbliness. When you do attempt to clip out of your wobbly old cleats, it tends to feel difficult or vague.
My best advice is this: check them periodically. Replace them before they're destroyed. Do NOT replace them right before your big race (usually 3-4 weeks prior is about perfect). Similar to chain replacement intervals – if you can't remember the last time you did it, or you're sure you've never done it – do it now. Putting it off is not worth the risk of injury or being stuck on the side of the road with a broken cleat.
Basic Placement Tips
There are three elements of cleat placement:
1. Fore/aft
2. Side-to-side (lateral)
3. Rotation
The most important thing – the one overarching rule of Cleat Club – is this:
ONLY REMOVE ONE CLEAT AT A TIME. One. Solamente uno. No kidding.
Why only one? Because you're going to use the other one to guide you. This, of course, assumes that your cleats are set up properly in the first place – AND that you check to make sure the bolts are tight periodically so they haven't drifted out of place. For the purposes of this demo, we'll take the risk of assuming that your cleats were in the right place to begin with.
[Editor's note: Some have commented that a person's cleats may not or should not be set up symmetrically for a variety of reasons - traumatic injury to one side of the body, imbalance, etc. If that is the case, you obviously do not want to set up your cleats symmetrically. At least in this editor's experience, the vast majority of cyclists - right or wrong - ride wish to ride with symmetric cleats and/or treat the imbalance in their body to allow for riding with symmetric cleats.]
The second rule of cleat replacement is almost as important as the first: Do NOT trust the markings on the bottom of your shoe. These markings could be lines, dots, brand logos, or textured sand paint:
I am not singling out any one brand of shoe when I make the suggestion to look at the markings with a suspicious eye. It's a fact of life. Some people make the mistake of assuming that if they buy the new version of the same brand and model they've owned for years, that the sole markings will be in the exact same place. There is a small chance that you'll get lucky and things match perfectly, but there is a much greater chance that they won't.
The reason for this variability is that these markings are typically put on by hand, or have some human element involved. They might be stickers that lay on top of the sole. They might be painted on. They might be decals that are laid under the top layer of carbon and effectively baked in to the shoe. Whatever the case, there is variability in the process. Even if the markings appear identical at first glance, it never hurts to check.
The best thing to do is establish objective measurements from hard points on the shoe. The most important one is this – fore/aft:
The specifics of how you want to do this are up to you. The starting and ending points for your measurement will depend on your brand of shoe and cleat. You want something that is easy and repeatable. There are no straight lines or perfect reference points on a shoe, so take your time and double/triple check.
After you've established the fore/aft measurement, tighten down the bolts just enough to hold the cleat in place while still allowing you to push it around with some effort.
Next, you need to get the cleat in the right lateral position. For this, you need to find and compare reference points on the sole. As we mentioned above, the ‘soft' points tend to be unreliable – dots, hash marks, and logos. Whenever possible, I try to establish some ‘hard' reference points, such as ledges or contours on the sole.
In the above photo, the edge on my cleat is hanging about 2mm over the ledge on the sole. I want to repeat that same amount on the cleat I am replacing.
You want to find more than one of these ‘hard' reference points. Why? Believe it or not, they can be unreliable, too. You might think that a molded carbon sole would be ‘perfect'. We all picture carbon parts coming off an assembly line being perfectly identical. In reality, they come out very similar, but often go through a hand finishing process involving sanding, filing, or other manual processes. Your carbon rims and $3,000 carbon frame were very likely subjected to this, too.
Why is it done? It's all for consistent and smooth appearance. We want our stuff to look good. The side effect is small variation in material thickness. If your carbon rims are making noise or pulsing under braking, it could have nothing to do with the brake pad or rim material. The braking surface could be hand-sandblasted and have less-than-straight walls that are causing the poor braking (I'm not putting this out there as a ‘guess', either – it actually happens). On a shoe, this could mean that the edges and ledges on your sole are not exactly identical. If you have multiple check points, your chance of accurate placement go up.
The rotation of the cleat is one of those things that is and always will be somewhat subjective. I always hold both shoes out at a full arm's length and compare the two. What I'm looking for is the angle of the cleat relative to the curved last of the shoe.
I always look at the shoes and cleats for a moment, pause, and then look away. The step of looking away is almost like cleansing your cleat pallet. If you stare at the shoes too long, you begin to influence the process. You might angle one hand differently so that the cleat angles match, but the last curves do not. You want to look at it as objectively as possible so that both the soles AND the cleats match.
ALSO – keep in mind that changing the rotation of the cleat can often affect the fore/aft and side-to-side adjustments slightly. It's like setting up a front derailleur. Changing one adjustment can affect the others if you're not careful.
Once your cleat is 100% in-position, slowly tighten down the bolts. Rotate between the three bolts, tightening down each one a little bit at a time.
Dealing with different shoe brands
If you own two different brands of shoes, there is an easy way to set the cleats up identically – use the method detailed above. Not all shoes have the cleat holes in the same place, so it is NOT a case where you can just ballpark it. Objective measurements must be taken with a tape measure.
For example, the cleat holes on my Shimano TR60 shoes are fairly far back (towards the heel) in comparison to some other brands. If you look at the gap between the bolt head and the square washer, you can see that they're roughly in the middle of their adjustment range:
Some shoes – such as those Shimano TR60's – have fore/aft adjustability built in to the sole of the shoe. Others, such as my Specialized Trivents, have fixed bolt receptacles:
Mavic shoes have cleat holes that are adjustable, but also further forward than most other brands. As a result, I have my cleats slammed all the way back to achieve the same position as my Specialized shoes:
We should also note that different brands of shoe can have a different angle built in to the sole. If you use any sort of wedges between your cleat and shoe – or inside of the shoe – you'll want to take the shoe's angle into account.
Speedplay cleats
Many of you ride with Speedplay pedals. For most cycling shoes, these require a 3-bolt adapter plate (there are a few newer shoes that are offered in a special Speedplay 4-bolt version).
When using the adapter plate, their process effectively isolates the three setup metrics (fore/aft, side-to-side, and rotation) into three separate steps.
In the photo above, you can see that the black adapter plate ONLY allows for fore/aft adjustment. Once it is set, you install the rest of the cleat on top of it and cannot adjust it again without starting over.
The main portion of the cleat (right in the above photo) allows for side-to-side adjustment.
The above photo also shows why Speedplay cleat users must be extra cognizant of cleat wear – the four screws are flush with the bottom of the shoe. When you walk around on them, you're not only wearing out the body of the cleat, but also the faces of the screws. I've seen the screws get so worn down that they no longer look like screws… they are completely worn flat. In that case, you must use a rotary grinder to cut a slot into the surface of it and use a flathead screwdriver for removal. It's fun… only not.
The rotation adjustment of Speedplay cleats depends on the model you get. The lower-end X-series have ‘infinite' float, meaning that there is no adjustment, per se. The Zero models allow you to set the stopping points for the float range, seen here:
It should go without saying that you want to re-create these stopping points when replacing your cleats.
Mountain bike cleats
What about mountain bike cleats? I won't get into too much detail, so we'll cover the very common Shimano SPD for now.
As you can see in the above photo, mountain bike cleats allow for both fore/aft and side-to-side adjustment. They do allow for some rotation adjustment, but it tends to be less than most road cleats. SPDs effectively have some ‘slop' designed in to them that allow you to manipulate rotation.
Some people have asked me how to set up cleats identically between their road and mountain shoes. For folks that train during the winter on a cyclocross or mountain bike, this is a legitimate concern.
Unfortunately, there isn't a 100% perfect method. Here's what I do:
Clip one shoe in to each bike (road and mountain). Flip the shoe over. Finally, lay a tape measure on top to measure from the tip of the toe to the center of the pedal's axle. This will get you in the ballpark of fore/aft adjustment, but rotation and side-to-side adjustment will be up to you.
Taping Method
There is one trick that can help you avoid a lot of this mess – tape. If you have your cleats in absolutely-positively the best position in the universe, you can lay down pieces of electrical tape to ‘save' it. Some people also use a permanent marker to do the same thing, but I prefer tape because it can easily be moved if needed.
If you get the tape just perfect, you can remove the old cleat and install your new one in exactly the same spot. My advice? Even if you do this, it is still a good idea to check with a tape measure after your new cleats are on.
Grease, Loctite, and Torque Wrenches
Should you use grease on your bolt threads? What about a thread-locking compound? Do I need to use a torque wrench when tightening the bolts?
All valid questions.
On the grease vs. Loctite debate, I choose grease. You can choose differently and I'm not going to fault you for it. The only thing I advise against is using nothing on the threads.
I use grease because I want to be able to get the bolts out later. You're usually dealing with a steel bolt and/or steel bolt receptacle in the shoe, both of which can rust. Some argue that grease can cause the bolts to loosen over time, making low-strength Loctite a better choice.
I see their point, but I personally don't think that low-strength Loctite is going to do a whole lot when you look at the torque involved in pedaling. I also don't want to gum up the bolt receptacles in my shoes with dried-out Loctite.
My method is to use grease, and check the cleat bolts every now and then to make sure they're tight (e.g. every couple months). When tightened properly, I very rarely find that a bolt has become loose – even with grease.
Should you use a torque wrench? Some shoe manufacturers suggest that you should. Torque specs are typically in the 5-6NM range. If you do use a torque wrench, I suggest that you only do it for the final tightening. As mentioned previously, you should tighten each cleat bolt a little bit at a time to avoid moving the cleat. If you decide to crank one bolt down to 6 newton-meters while ignoring the others, you're going to ruin the cleat's position. Get them started by hand until the cleat is secure – and then go to calibration heaven with the torque wrench.
All images © Greg Kopecky / slowtwitch.com
A majority of people believe there is a possibility of civil war because the country has long been plagued with unrest and violence, according to Suan Dusit Poll.
The poll was carried out between Apr 1-5 on 1,434 people throughout the country.
Asked whether they thought the ongoing "political conflict in Thailand" would escalate into civil war as had happened in many other countries, the majority, or 68.55% of the respondents, believed the chance was high because use of lethal weapons was prevalent in many places and violence looked likely to escalate beyond the ability of the government to control it. About a quarter, 24.81% were uncertain, saying the situation was hard to predict; and 6.64% thought the chance for civil war to happen was slim because the Thai people were unlikely to do harm to their own country and fellow Thais.
Asked to advise what should be done to prevent the political conflict from turning into civil war, 48.36% said the government and protesters should resort to holding talks, 22.74% said neither side should resort to using force and dangerous weapons, 14.79% said law enforcing soldiers and police must adhere to international standards in keeping the situation under control, and 13.93% said the people must not become a political tool of either side in the conflict.
Asked what they thought about caretaker Prime Miniser Yingluck Shinawatra being scrutinised over several political issues, 44.60% wanted her to be grilled in a straightforward and fair manner, 34.53% wanted those examining the prime minister to explain to the people for a better understanding of all issues involved, and 20.87% wanted to see the results of the examination and to know whether she had done anything wrong as alleged.
CARNDUFF, SK – Newlyweds Aimee and Nigel Toupin received a hefty fine from the provincial government this week for not wearing Saskatchewan Roughriders jerseys in any of their wedding photos.
The couple is the first to receive the fine since the Saskatchewan government passed the “Part Timer” law back in September, which states that any Saskatchewan resident who shows a “lack of Rider Pride” can be declared “Part Time Fan.” S. 14(5)(a)(ii) of the Act requires that during any family photo at least 50% of the participants be wearing Roughriders jerseys.
The couple said they were shocked over the fine. “We love the Riders. We just thought maybe we could go one day without wearing the jerseys” said Aimee Toupin before adding, “plus we both wore Riders jerseys in our engagement photos.”
Nigel Toupin's Uncle Robert Toupin who attended the wedding, was furious with the couple. “I tell yeah I was biting my tongue when the priest said the bit about ‘if anyone has any objections to this marriage.' You just don't abandon your team when they're struggling right now.”
The fine comes to about $500 each, but with the option of paying a portion of it directly to the Roughriders by buying fifteen tubs of officially licensed Saskatchewan Roughriders windshield washer fluid.
The Toupin's now are trying to rebuild their relationship with the community, by showing their Rider pride wherever they go. “I wear my jersey under my coveralls, my hard hat has Rider stickers all over it.” Said Nigel Toupin. “Hell, I almost fought a guy from Manitoba at a gas station, because he had a dirty Blue Bombers hat on.” While Aimee Toupin has been bringing up Dave Ridgway's 89' Grey Cup winning field goal whenever she can in conversation.
Saskatchewan Premier Scott Moe continued to defend the law stating “We are Rider nation and we are the 13th man. So this is a hard time for all of us. Not as hard as the 2009 Grey Cup, when we ironically lost the game for having a 13th man on the field, but still, Go Riders!
Sponsored news stories — or what are more politely known as "native ads" — are becoming a fixture of the web, yet it isn't always so easy to tell when an article is sponsored. Google engineer Ian Webster is now trying to solve that problem with a browser extension called AdDetector, which searches out native ads and drops a bright red bar over the top of the page announcing that what you're viewing is a paid promotion. The extension doesn't work flawlessly, but it did detect most of the sponsored pages that I tested it on. It's been set up to work with a close to 50 sites already, including The New York Times, The Wall Street Journal, BuzzFeed, several Gawker Media sites, and two Vox Media sites, including The Verge.
Advertisers are drawn to native ads because they fit in with the rest of a site's content and are, to some extent, less obtrusive. The problem for news organizations is that, without prominent labeling, sponsored stories can be easily be confused with actual articles from the publication, especially if a reader doesn't know to look for them. Making the situation worse is that different sites handle labeling in vastly different ways, so it isn't always clear where you should even be looking. AdDetector's huge red banner probably isn't the solution that any site will decide upon, but it'll certainly make native ads very hard to miss.
Like many, I have been giving thought to the NDP leadership race and sorting through what it is I'm looking for in a new leader. New Democrats and friends have also asked me who I might support amongst the declared and yet-to-be-potentially-declared candidates. I decided to share some of my thoughts in the hopes it contributes to the great debate that invariably happens when New Democrats elect a new leader.
We live in challenging times and any new leader of the NDP will face significant decisions about the direction we take as a party. I believe the new leader will need to demonstrate their ability to position the NDP as the clear choice of progressive Canadians and the strongest opposition and alternative to right-wing populism.
If we want a real alternative to the centrism of Justin Trudeau, the NDP leader must present substance and principle in the face of equivocation and contradictions.
Bold, modern, progressive vision
We cannot equivocate on issues of economic inequality, social justice, climate change and the use of fossil fuels and pipelines, or on issues of anti-racism and inclusion in the face of fear and xenophobia against people of colour, people of the Muslim faith, LGBTQ, gender-based discrimination and other targeted communities. The rise of Islamophobia and anti-Semitism, attacks on Jewish cemeteries, synagogues and mosques, have no place in Canadian society.
We often talk about wanting a leader who has vision, but it's a loose term and can be vague. Vision to me means having bold ideas about what a solidly progressive, left-wing, and modern party can do now and in the future. Someone who isn't afraid to speak out and engage actively with people showing leadership and compassion. Someone who believes in collective action. A person who has a personal track record that gives credibility to their political position.
We need someone who looks beyond the polls and demonstrates a strong political analysis of our economic and social conditions with intelligence and clarity. This means reaching out beyond the party, to social movements, activists, labour, and progressive Canadians, speaking the truth about where we are and what we need to do. We need a leader who shows strong support for the right of working people to organize and bargain collectively, strengthening the role of the labour movement.
I believe progressives want the NDP and our leader to embrace the issues of working people, students, seniors, those living in poverty, and immigrants, rather than focussing on hyper-partisanship that divides movements and benefits the right.
I'd love to see our new leader be courageous in understanding that being satisfied with the lowest common denominator in politics and moving to the elusive centre is not what we need to do. When we look at the global economy and the rise of right-wing populism, it's clear that we need a strong and credible alternative that separates the NDP from failed neoliberal economics, trade and fiscal policy.
Take the Leap
First and foremost we need a leader who will bring forward an economic agenda based on income and wealth redistribution, living wages and a jobs transition to a green, low-carbon economy. Our economic and environmental policy cannot be something for the future -- it is needed now. I supported the Leap Manifesto resolution at the NDP convention not because it is a specific policy prescription, but because it sets out a necessary framework for the discussion and direction that is needed. We need a leader who can guide and inform this discussion as a priority.
We should be clear and consistent on the kind of trade agreements that can be supported, and those which cannot. We should not support trade deals that give more power to big pharmaceutical companies, undermine supply management, contain undemocratic dispute resolution panels, and drive the corporate privatization agenda.
We need a leader willing and capable of articulating that economic prosperity and social justice requires a strong government role supported by increased revenue through fair and progressive taxation on both corporations and high-income individuals, while advancing strong public enterprise and cooperatives.
With a new approach to fiscal policy, a national housing program, fully funded and expanded public health care, enhanced public pensions, a national child-care program, and genuine support for arts and culture can be achieved. The call for free tuition as called for by many young New Democrats outlined in a recent statement is not beyond our grasp and realization.
It will come as no surprise to those who know me that I believe that the class and social analysis we need also extends to the current prohibition on drugs. I want to see the new NDP leader, lead the way to end the social and economic toll of a criminalized regime that has destroyed thousands of lives and communities. It is time to end prohibition and advance a regulatory approach based on harm reduction and public health. The Harper era destroyed so much of our criminal justice system and we need to stand firmly in support of crime prevention and restorative justice, effective gun control, repealing politically designed mandatory minimum sentences and ensure there is a full review of our prison system.
Respect sovereignty and self-determination
Without doubt our relationship with the Indigenous peoples of this land is critical to nation building. There are no fiscal arguments or practical problems that can justify or explain delays in addressing systemic racism against First Nations, Inuit and Metis peoples. The NDP and its new leader must demonstrate that we can honour and deliver on a true nation-to-nation partnership with Indigenous communities based on respect, equality and prosperity.
Quebec's role in Canada is foundational for the NDP. The Sherbrooke Declaration sets out our commitment to the self-determination of Quebec within Canada. There is no question in my mind that the NDP leader must be fluently bilingual and also be willing and able to popularize and support the Sherbrooke Declaration in other parts of Canada. And clearly, democratic electoral reform for proportional representation and public financing are key elements for a more participatory democracy.
Historically, the NDP has played a significant role in defining Canada's place in the world by speaking out for human rights and adherence to international law. For me it is critical that our new leader be someone who is not afraid to speak out on difficult and sometimes contentious issues. It's not good enough to point to a silent policy book. We need to be willing to speak out and articulate our position -- even when it's seen as unpopular -- and it has to start with the leader.
We've had difficult debates on the Middle East but I am convinced that Canadians respect us when we stand up for international law and defend the rights of people to be free of occupation and oppression, as is the need in Palestine, and when we advance strong foreign policy positions that are well thought out and truthful. We can and should support economic pressures to end the illegal occupation. A key part of our foreign policy is fully embracing a non-nuclear and demilitarized world as set out in a recent letter from Canadians for a Nuclear Weapons Convention (CNWC).
We have so much to be proud of as active members of our party. We speak our minds because we know what is possible when we act together. I really want our new leader to be someone who totally understands and respects that. The leader's office should be there to support and assist the activism of MPs, New Democrats and our key partners on all of the local and national issues that Canadians organize around. We cannot be relegated to being an election machine focused on a narrow set of priorities raising money and knocking on doors (though we do it because we know it needs to be done). We want a leader who works with us as people driven to make change for the things we believe in.
Maybe the bar is too high, but we have an opportunity here to think about our role as members, activists, and how a new leader can implement the changes that are needed in Canada and the world. There are strong and vibrant movements for change amongst young people, Indigenous peoples, and many other communities --we need to be a catalyst for change that erases the barriers between electoral politics and social movement politics.
I know there are many more issues that need debate, resolution and action -- so this is by no means exhaustive of what needs to be done. My hope is that these thoughts will help contribute to a grassroots debate from which the next leader will emerge.
Libby Davies is the former NDP Deputy Leader and represented Vancouver East as an NDP MP for 18 years.
Please chip in to keep stories like these coming.
Image: Libby Davies
An earlier version of this article misstated the number of years Libby Davies was an MP. rabble.ca regrets the error.
Sunday, August 30th, 2015
FRESNO, Calif. (KFSN) -- A hiker is recovering in the hospital after surviving in the Fresno County wilderness for nine days.Miyuki Harwood, 62, of Orangevale went missing after getting separated from a hiking group in remote Fresno County. Since Aug. 20, the Fresno County Sheriff's Office says they spent thousands of hours searching for her. Search and rescue teams located her at about 9 a.m. Saturday."She heard voices, and she grabbed a whistle that she had with her and blew her whistle, and that alerted the rescuers on the ground to be able to find her," California Highway Patrol paramedic Rusty Hotchkiss said.A CHP helicopter flew Harwood to Community Regional Medical Center in Downtown Fresno on Saturday.Sheriff Margaret Mims says Harwood has broken bones but couldn't disclose the extent of her injuries. However, Mims says Harwood is grateful that people were looking for her and searching for her. Investigators are going to allow her to recover before interviewing her about the situation. null
Income tax deductions no professional athlete should overlook
Welcome to April, a hot month for basketball, baseball, the NFL draft … and taxes. Many professional athletes feel the sting of taxes come April 15. Just as a foul ball, shooting over par or throwing an interception can cost a professional athlete and their teams dearly, so too can fumble their taxes.
Professional athletes face unique challenges. Generally, they come into new wealth quickly, and their short playing careers last on average three to five years. They are among the richest of American taxpayers. The NBA rewards its players with the highest average earnings in global sports — an average of $4.79 million per year. The MLBPA estimates a $3 million average annual salary for its ball players. And the NFL gives its players an average basic salary of around $1 million annually.
But taxes hang over them like a dark cloud.
Athletic equipment, workout gear and massages are all among items that can be claimed as tax deductions by professional athletes.
Whether they are rookies or veteran players, having a tax minimization strategy is critical for athletes. A trusted tax adviser who understands the unique financial needs of professional athletes can help them to manage and understand what expenses they can deduct, so they can take full and proper advantage of the tax code.
Overlooking a few key deductions — league dues, the prior year's state tax payments, and travel and housing expenses — can lead to a hefty tax bill.
Here are some tax deductions that athletes
should be aware of, and take advantage of, in 2011 and beyond:
State of residency: Every athlete should review his or her facts and situation, as well as contract, to determine in which state they need to claim
residency. Claiming residency in a lower taxing state, such as Florida, can save money.
Sports agent fees: The agent is often the reason an athlete gets paid. Agent fees can be high, but they are deductible.
Massages: Athletes should review their medical history. If an athlete's injuries or health require massage therapy, they may be able to deduct massages. After all, this is part of their business.
Fines: Some leagues, including the NFL, contribute their fines to charity. This makes them tax deductible. So if an NFL player gets fined for nailing a wide receiver with his helmet, he can deduct the fees associated with this fine.
Athletic equipment: Footballs, basketballs, golf clubs, tennis rackets and other gear are the tools athletes need for their careers.
Workout equipment: Weight machines, dumbbells and yoga classes are all part of athletes' muscle and strength development, which keeps them playing.
Rent: Any rent paid toward temporary housing during an athlete's playing season, in which he or she is under contract, is tax deductible.
Travel: When an athlete hops on an airplane, flies to the game, eats a few meals and then flies back home, it's all tax deductible.
Rookie expenses: Rookies have activities and items they are expected to perform that require expenses. With the NFL, rookies are generally expected as a normal business procedure to take their practice teams out to eat (i.e., like the offensive linemen, or the running backs, or the linebackers, or the defensive linemen, etc.). This can be deductible.
To the average American taxpayer, these deductions may seem unusual. But for a professional athlete, these tax deductions are critical. Regardless of an athlete's annual salary — from millions to several thousand — deductions can lower their tax bracket and can save them plenty.
Word to the wise: Don't try this at home. Players associations, such as the NFL Players Association, encourage athletes to consult with certified public accountants who are experienced in understanding the tax needs of professional athletes. Through its registered financial adviser program, the NFLPA keeps a list of approved advisers, of which just a handful are CPAs.
Working with a qualified CPA, athletes can learn to properly track and document their expenses. In many cases, these deductions, when documented correctly, can lower tax rates from 35 percent to the alternative minimum tax rate of 28 percent. This saves athletes on average 7 percent of their taxable income, tens of thousands of dollars in some cases.
With the 2011 tax filing deadline looming next week, every athlete should have a tax strategy in place. And athletes still have some options for those 2011 returns. Even if an athlete has filed for 2011, if there are overlooked deductions, he or she still can contact a tax adviser to claim these expenses and amend the returns.
Those who have not yet filed for 2011 and want to consider additional deductions can pay the estimated minimum due for 2011 and extend their 2011 return. This will give them the additional time needed to work with their adviser to identify and claim these deductions.
Steve Piascik (spiascik@piascik.com) is founder of Piascik & Associates (www.piascik.com) in Richmond, Va., and a registered financial adviser with the NFLPA.
Published by Steve Litchfield at 6:36 UTC, August 8th 2011
Eagle-eyed observers may have noticed that Nokia has stopped including the N97 (classic) in some of its compatibility lists for various software releases. This is almost certainly because of problems with RAM or flash memory and it has prompted me to prepare a little obituary for this (not so) classic device, I think the time has come even for N97 die-hards to move on.... What were the mistakes Nokia made, how did they happen, is there anything that can still be done and what should N97 (R.I.P.) owners upgrade to?
Timeline
The timeline first, according to AAS news reports and features:
2nd December, 2008. The N97 is announced, two and a half years ago.
19th June, 2009. The N97 is finally available, almost seven months later, though free RAM was low and there were lots of bugs.
27th October 2009. v20 firmware is released, adding full kinetic scrolling and plenty of performance optimisations. At this point, the N97 was very useable.
1st July 2010. v22 firmware is released, adding free Ovi Maps navigation and further RAM optimisations. For users prepared to do a hard reset and rebuild, they'd initially have 55MB free on disk C: and almost 60MB of free RAM. An improvement all round, but both figures were starting to look low in the light of expectations and use cases.
Mistakes
So that's about a two year lifespan to today, which you might have thought fair enough, but it's probably true that the N97 was only really useable for period of about a year from Oct 2009 to Oct 2010. The two central Achilles Heels of the N97 are that, like several other S60 5th Edition smartphones, its architecture was steadfastly built around 128MB of RAM and an internal disk that only started with 50MB or so free. Now, with just the built-in applications of the time (assuming they'd already been optimised) and ignoring the (then) new widgetised homescreen, those specifications would have been just about adequate. As indeed they have been for the majority of Nokia 5800 owners.
But add in:
the new RAM-hungry homescreen (using anything from 5MB to 15MB, depending on what widgets you had installed)
versions of Nokia Email and Nokia Maps and Ovi Store that all started to need more and more space on C: and more RAM
web pages that were becoming ever more bloated in terms of byte size and embedded objects
the appearance of Qt and other runtimes that (again) all needed space on the system disk
... and you can see that the N97 started running into real trouble. It's true that many of the same issues should have affected the 5800 too, but then that tended to be used by far more casual users, only using some of the more basic functions most of the time - the N97 was for geeks and Nseries tech fans. Who, naturally, wanted to push the device more - and found that it hit the buffers all too quickly.
What should have happened, of course, was that, at the very least, someone in the N97 product team should have said, in the first half of 2008 "You know, I think users might need more memory - RAM and system disk space - otherwise they're going to run out!" But, at the time, there was no Nokia Email, no Qt runtimes, Nokia Maps was relatively svelte, web pages were somewhat less ambitious, and so on. So noone triggered a warning bell.
Instead, it was in the first few months after release that the penny started to drop and, even then, users started getting very low on internal disk space. It really was an issue, it seemed, and so on the N97 mini (and subsequent S60 5th Edition devices, like the X6) came with an extra 256MB of system disk space, which remains enough to this day. So the lesson was learned, but it was a very expensive one.
RAM was still limited by the S60 5th Edition architecture, it seemed, and every such device from Nokia has had to make do with 128MB - for everything. It's still a problem when you start pushing one of these devices, with large apps closing down in the background - annoyingly. This limit was only raised (by Nokia) in their new Symbian^3 architecture and devices. Curiously, Samsung and Sony Ericsson had no problems putting in 256MB of RAM in their S60 5th Edition phones, so I do wonder how hard Nokia had been trying....
Other mistakes were less technical and were more easily rectified. The camera glass cover scratched the very thing it was supposed to protect - cue a redesigned cover, fitted after about October 2009. The GPS antenna was under-sized and badly shielded from the N97's main circuitry - cue a re-designed antenna and the addition of a special shield around it so that it was less affected by stray electronic RF signals.
Resistive touch
Also perhaps coming under the category of 'mistake' was the use of a resistive touchscreen, though at the time there were no swiping motions in S60 5th Edition - it was all tap, tap, tap, something that resistive screens are very good at, especially with a stylus - something that the 5800 shipped with! The iPhone UI changed expectations though, and as of v20 firmware swiping and kinetic scolling was firmly now part of Symbian - yet the Nokia phones were saddled with a resistive screen that was great in temperature and humidity extremes, but which was fragile and relatively unresponsive to the new, more sophisticated gestures needed in a 2010 UI.
All of which was fixed in the N97's replacements, the N8 and E7 (though would have been nice to have combined more of the features into the one device - in fact, it's a compliment to the N97 that it needed two devices to replace it....)
____
Other defects were less obviously design decisions and simply trade-offs. The tinny speakers, for example, had no room left for any kind of acoustic cavity. The plastic battery back allowed RF through and added minimal bulk. And so on.
The upshot, though, was that, especially after summer 2010, with Nokia's software releases and runtime decisions, the N97 became less and less practical for using it was anything other than a basic messaging phone and camera. The N97 mini solved enough of the issues that I voted it my no. 1 phone in the world for a brief period, in January 2010 - but even the N97 mini had ghosts of its own - namely the appalling battery life, something which I don't think Nokia ever really addressed head-on.
What can be done?
Well, in the light of the litany of problems above - not a lot. Unless you're prepared to ignore some of the software Nokia provide and go down the third party route (especially for email). I did an extensive piece on Pimping the Nokia N97 back in February and most of this is still very valid. But you're still fighting against the prevailing tide, to be honest.
____________________________________
So... What should replace the N97 in your pocket?
If you love the N97 form factor (i.e. large touchscreen and full Qwerty keyboard) but want shot of the resource problems, then the N97 mini is still an option, coming in around the same price on eBay, second hand, as the 'classic'. OK, you'll lose the FM transmitter and 'hero' battery, but you do gain more internal disk space and a brighter, more vivid screen - indoors. So, a valid option - but do get a spare battery from a reputable seller - you'll need it. Though do note that some Qt-written applications are still not available for the N97 mini, despite its more capacious internal disk.
With a very similar mechanism, there's the brand new (and still relatively expensive) Nokia E7, with far better software and compatibility but you're limited on overall capacity, again there's no FM transmitter, and the camera's very limited compared to the N97's magnificent Carl Zeiss 5mp affair. AND you can't change the battery. Still - a lovely screen and keyboard.
There are a few options on other mobile OS that are worth considering. The HTC Desire Z (running Android, disappointing screen, bulky and heavy, poor key legend visibility and use, poorish camera, appalling speaker), the Motorola Milestone 2 (running Android, heavy and clunky design, Motoblur UI layer often annoys) and the HTC 7 Pro (running Windows Phone 7, with update to 'Mango' this Autumn, lovely keyboard, 'interesting' slide mechanism, but usual HTC component quality issues, as per Desire Z).
But whether you look within the Symbian world or even out to the wider mobile world in 2011, nothing (sadly) really gets remotely close to the 2008/2009 N97's overall specification (RAM/C disk limitations apart). The N97 really was the device that should have ruled the world - it had, almost literally, everything. And yet it became the one device that Nokia had to (literally) apologise for, publicly. The one device that became a millstone around its neck. The one device everyone quotes when they want to mock Nokia for the problems it faced in transitioning from a non-touch version of S60 to a touch implementation.
Very, very sad. I give you, then, the Nokia N97 classic - R.I.P.
Steve Litchfield, All About Symbian, 8 August 2011
PS. Comments welcome if you can think of a more valid and appropriate upgrade from the Nokia N97 classic.
Cyngn to Leech User Contacts to Truecaller
Update – Steve Kondik of Cyngn made a reply on Google+ following this article. Unfortunately he fails to in any way address the fact the service he has chosen to integrate uploads other people's data, instead choosing to focus on the consent request process. Their user opt-in process is immaterial, since people whose data is uploaded won't get to see that consent message – the app uploads other people's data without their consent.
Truecaller, a company many may not have heard of, has just announced a deal to partner with Cyngn, the commercial arm of CyanogenMod. At first glance, a nice tie-up to integrate Truecaller features into the Cyngn OS dialer.
Unfortunately, however, Truecaller is a somewhat interesting company, with somewhat interesting ways of doing business. Their business model is certainly questionable at best (and potentially a lot worse) – when you use Truecaller's “enhanced search” feature (which is pretty much the raison d'être of the product), you're agreeing that Truecaller is allowed to collect and share contact information from your phone with other users of the service.
“Well that's just plain wrong”, I hear you astute readers saying. “Surely they can't just share people's contact information with others?” Well… you'd conventionally be right – legally speaking, within Europe at least, this would be illegal. The Data Protection Directive is a rather lengthy piece of legislation, which covers such matters, and we'll return to take a look at it later, for the benefit of our European users.
The “get-out” which Truecaller use is hidden away within their Terms of Service, where they magically try to worm their way out of this:
By allowing Contact Information to be collected, You give Truecaller a right to use that Contact Information as a part of the Service and you guarantee that you have any and all permissions required to share such Contact Information with us. You may opt out to prevent the sharing of Contact Information at any time.
Yeah, that's right… You heard that correctly. You, the end user, have to agree that all your contacts have given you consent to upload their data to Truecaller. They claim to have 1.6 billion people's phone numbers searchable, allowing you to search for their number. Here's a question – how many people that submitted their contacts' details to this service obtained permission to do this? Sure, you can opt out of sending them data, but that's not much use, since it's impossible to really opt out of someone else sharing your data. Indeed, while Truecaller offer an opportunity to have yourself de-listed, this requires you to know they are holding your data in the first place.
To return to the EU Data Privacy Directive, here are a few interesting statements that are relevant here:
(a) ‘personal data' shall mean any information relating to an identified or identifiable natural person (‘data subject'); an identifiable person is one who can be identified, directly or indirectly, in particular by reference to an identification number or to one or more factors specific to his physical, physiological, mental, economic, cultural or social identity;”
Since your name is information relating to you, as an identifiable person, any data relating to you is “personal data”.
‘the data subject's consent' shall mean any freely given specific and informed indication of his wishes by which the data subject signifies his agreement to personal data relating to him being processed.”
This defines the meaning of consent within the context of the law, requiring that people give an informed indication that their data can be processed (processing covers any form of manual or automatic operation on the data, including storage!)
The most important part of the legislation, though, is Article 7, which covers the circumstances under which personal data may be processed. Let's take a look at these.
Member States shall provide that personal data may be processed only if:
(a) the data subject has unambiguously given his consent; or
You're the data subject; not the person uploading it. You have therefore not given your consent.
(b) processing is necessary for the performance of a contract to which the data subject is party or in order to take steps at the request of the data subject prior to entering into a contract; or
Since you aren't aware if someone decides to send your data to Truecaller, you're clearly not entering into a contract. You would have to be aware of that, and elect to become a party to such a contract.
(c) processing is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation to which the controller is subject; or
There is no legal obligation on Truecaller to provide this service, or to gather data.
(d) processing is necessary in order to protect the vital interests of the data subject; or
Your vital interests are not being protected by Truecaller allowing anyone to find out your name from your phone number. Indeed, your vital interest in privacy (a human right) is more likely being infringed by this.
(e) processing is necessary for the performance of a task carried out in the public interest or in the exercise of official authority vested in the controller or in a third party to whom the data are disclosed; or
This doesn't approach being in the public interest, nor is there official authority to carry out the processing.
(f) processing is necessary for the purposes of the legitimate interests pursued by the controller or by the third party or parties to whom the data are disclosed, except where such interests are overridden by the interests for fundamental rights and freedoms of the data subject which require protection under Article 1 (1).
Article 1 requires that “the fundamental rights and freedoms of natural persons, and in particular their right to privacy with respect to the processing of personal data” are protected. This clause isn't going to help them out.
As such, I suggest Truecaller has no legal permission to process any personal data from non-users of its service. Data it collects from others is not their data – it is clearly and manifestly the personal data of other data subjects. These people have (in my view) a valid legal claim against Truecaller. Since Truecaller is based in Sweden, which is a member-state of the European Union, the Data Protection Directive applies to them.
To see this kind of feature integrated into something which originated as a custom firmware, meant to offer choice and freedom for its users, is bordering on unfathomable. With Cyngn trying to be the “anti Google”, perhaps they ought to take a look before integrating the latest #bigthing to their product?
Perhaps it's time for the European victims of Truecaller to get together and bring about a test case on the matter? It looks fairly clear-cut to me. Truecaller has no consent from those whose data they process. If action were successful against Truecaller, companies like Facebook could be next, given their habits of “liberating” your contact data to their servers (without the consent of those involved), to build shadow profiles of non-Facebook users. Given we already know Facebook has been gathering, collating, and bringing together as much contact data as it can about non-service users (who have not consented to Facebook processing their data), perhaps their presence within Ireland should print off a copy of the data protection directive and take a read?
The Horrific Hillary Clinton Presidency, As Imagined by Conservative Author Bryce Slattery
By Brian Byrd | Politics | September 7, 2016 |
The following passage is excerpted from Bryce Slattery's upcoming book “This Woman Adores Treason: An Unfiltered Look at the Hillary Clinton Presidency” published by Cuckfest Press. Slattery is the author of several No. 1 bestsellers, including “These Coloreds are Literally Subhuman Trash: How Obama Has Ruined Race Relations in America.” Reprinted with permission.
[INT: White House Situation Room] — President Hillary Clinton is surrounded by her cabinet of Clinton Foundation donors, a mix of middle-eastern dictators and grossly unqualified women who, like most women, only got the job because they have a vagina.The room's numerous video screens show troops movements in North Korea and the South China Sea. An exhausted Clinton sits at the head of the table awaiting a briefing from the Joint Chiefs.]
Hillary: “The top-secret classified email you sent to my Hotmail account indicated this was important, General. You pulled me out of a strategy session with ISIS leadership for this. We were about to close a deal to sell them nuclear weapons at below market value, and now I have to trust that Huma's husband won't burst in at the last minute and stick his dick in Ahmed's ear. This better be important.”
General McBuzzcut: “It is, ma'am. The—”
Hillary: “Ma'am? Fucking ma'am?! My gender isn't relevant here. I've already put hundreds of thousands of white men in camps. Don't think I won't send you to Dudechau just because you work here.”
General McBuzzcut: “My apologies. President Clinton, as you can see on the screens, the North Koreans have mobilized troops all along the DMZ. We're talking serious quantities. At least 100,000. Also, the Chinese just launched two CV-17 aircraft carriers into the Yellow Sea, each outfitted with a full squadron of Shenyang J-15 fighters. To further complicate matters, two Russian Akula-class nuclear subs in the South China Sea recently changed course. They're headed to Busan, President Clinton. Our experts don't believe they're posturing this time. Pyongyang is going into South Korea, and they have China and Russia in their corner.”
Hillary: “Understood, General. Let's run this through in order of importance. Chelsea: do any of the players here donate to the Clinton Foundation?”
Chelsea: “They do. Kim-Jong Un gave us half a million in 2015, and we have strong relationships with several Chinese business interests, including the ones we leak classified information to.”
Hillary: “Good girl. OK, so we're gonna have to give China and the Koreans a pass here. What about Russia?”
Chelsea: “Nothing on the books. It'll take me months to sift through the unreported cash payments but I think we're clear.”
Navy Secretary Allison Hazlet: “Ma'am…uh, I mean President Clinton.”
Hillary: “No, it's OK, Allison. You can call me ‘ma'am.' You're a woman, and women get special treatment in my administration.”
Navy Secretary Hazlet: “Of course, ma'am. I was just going to ask if you really think this is the best course of action? China and the North Koreans have more than enough firepower to take out Seoul even with Russia off the board. The South Koreans are a critical, long-standing ally in Asia. Allowing them to be destroyed would be catastrophic.”
Hillary: “Let me make something crystal clear to everyone in this room: I gave the South Koreans ample opportunity to demonstrate their loyalty in the form of seven-figure donations to my foundation. And they didn't give a dime. Their tight-fisted decision forced me to use taxpayer dollars and tap my personal accounts — money I earned by secretly telling Goldman Sachs how to bring down the U.S. economy — to fund the Firearm Confiscation and Redistribution Squads. Yes, prying guns from the hands of old white men and giving them to Chicago gangbangers has proved remarkably successful. But it has not been cheap.”
Navy Secretary Hazlet: “I'm sorry, ma'am, I meant no disrespect.”
Hillary: “Intentions are moot, Allison. I didn't intend to kill dozens of people to advance my career. But I did. You questioned me. And questioning is disrespectful. Because if you question me, you're sexist. Fellow woman or not, Allison, I will toss you in front of a train like I did to Vince Foster if you ever disrespect me like this again. Do I make myself clear?”
Navy Secretary Hazlet: “Absolutely.”
Hillary: “So, what are your thoughts on my plan?”
Navy Secretary Hazlet: “In my expert opinion, ma'am, we should concentrate our military efforts on the two Russian submarines.”
Hillary: “I agree. What are our options?”
Navy Secretary Hazlet: “The USS Retribution is in the South China Sea armed with 24 torpedoes.”
Air Force Commander Anderson T. Chestful: “We can also scramble the F-17s from the USS George H.W. Bush, which is closer. Much higher chance for success.”
Hillary: “I'm not using planes from a Republican aircraft carrier, you jackass. I hate the military and don't care who gets killed as a result of my reckless decisions just as long as a woman gets to make those decisions. Allison, we're going with Retribution.”
Navy Secretary Hazlet: “Very good, ma'am. I'll need you to read your authorization code aloud before proceeding.”
Hillary: “Bravo, Wilco, Charlie, One, Niner, Echo, Delta, Seven, Ro—”
[Clinton coughs]
Hillary: “Roger, Alph—”
[Clinton coughs again. The room freezes.]
Navy Secretary Hazlet: “Ma'am, are you OK?”
Hillary: “I'm fine. Just have a frog in my thro—”
[Clinton collapses into her chair, wheezing and hacking. Her body shakes violently to the rhythms of her spasming diaphragm.]
General McBuzzcut: “Sweet Lord. Someone get the Surgeon General, NOW!”
Aide: “We can't! He's in California organizing the mandatory third-trimester abortion camps.”
General McBuzzcut: “THE PRESIDENT IS ON HER DEATHBED! BRING HIM HOME, NOW!!”
Clinton [weakly]: “No! His work is too important. He needs to stay and finish the job. This is my legacy. He must prevail.”
Navy Secretary Hazlet: “Is there anyone else on staff we can call?!”
Aide: “Dr. Ricola is on standby, ma'am.”
General McBuzzcut: “GET HIM IN HERE, NOW!”
[The aide rushes over to the wall and moves a picture to the side to reveal a hidden safe. He frantically punches in a code and the safe door releases with an audible click. The aide reaches in and retrieves a 15-foot horn. He places the horn to his lips and blows.]
RIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIICOLAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
RIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIICOLAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
[The Situation Room doors fly open. Dr. Ricola, winded, addresses the group.]
Dr. Ricola: “What's happening here?”
General McBuzzcut: “The president is dying. You're her only hope.”
Dr. Ricola: “What are the symptoms?”
General McBuzzcut: “She coughed.”
[Dr. Ricola turns pale and slumps against the wall, defeated.]
Dr. Ricola: “Jesus Christ. You're all in danger. How could you call me in here without warning me first? Everyone in here should be wearing a class 4 hazmat suit. We've signed our own death warrants.”
General McBuzzcut: “There's no hope?”
Dr. Ricola: “Perhaps. I need to ask her a very important question.”
[Dr. Ricola carefully approaches the frail figure seated at the head of the table. Clinton has lost 15 pounds in mere minutes, although she is still frumpy and overweight].
Dr. Ricola: “President Clinton, can you hear me? It's Dr. Ricola. I need you to answer a question for me. Think carefully, because all our lives may depend on it. Ready.”
Hillary: “Get on with it, you quack.”
Dr. Ricola: “Did you by chance go to sleep at any time in the last 24 hours?”
[Clinton says nothing for a long time, thinking deeply]
Hillary: “Yes. Yes I did. Last night. I slept last night.”
[Dr. Ricola crumples to the floor, weeping.]
Dr. Ricola: “She's doomed. It's worse than I thought. She has maybe 12 hours. The rest of us, 24. Tops. Tell my family I love them, and that my sacrifice will allow AbortionLand to open on schedule and fully funded by taxpayers.”
[The doctor reaches into his satchel.]
Dr. Ricola: “Ma'am, it's been an honor.”
[The gunshot echoes through the situation room. Dr. Ricola lies dead on the floor, blood leaking from the back of his skull.]
← Crazy Woman Believes Netflix's Generous Parental Leave Policy is 'Unfair to the Babies'
You May Have Missed the Greatest Inside Joke in 'Scrubs' History →
Security experts have raised privacy concerns after a new report revealed that British police are looking to tap IoT data logs to verify alibis and help with investigations.
Metropolitan Police head of digital and electronic forensics, Mark Stokes, claimed that detectives are being trained to track digital trails created by the smart devices that are an increasingly pervasive part of daily life.
“Wireless cameras within a device such as the fridge may record the movement of suspects and owners,” he told The Times.
“Doorbells that connect directly to apps on a user's phone can show who has rung the door and the owner or others may then remotely, if they choose to, give controlled access to the premises while away from the property. All these leave a log and a trace of activity.”
However, doing so could raise privacy fears, especially for those innocently caught up in investigations.
The UK already has some of the most intrusive surveillance laws in the world - thanks to the Snoopers' Charter, or Investigatory Powers Act - which legalizes the hacking of suspects' computers and smartphones by the authorities.
The non-profit prpl Foundation recently released a report on the smart home, detailing the extent of IoT devices and the associated security and privacy dangers.
“People need to be aware that many of the connected devices they use in the home are always on, which means they are always listening, watching or collecting data. This is obviously two-fold, as it could mean that if the worst happens, there is a digital trace for forensics to follow. But the flip side is that others with perhaps fewer morals may be able to gain access to spy on people,” prpl Foundation chief security strategist Cesare Garlati told Infosecurity.
Manufacturers need to fix this at a development level to ensure there's separation of critical components within the device, preventing lateral movement and therefore making it harder for third parties to remotely control devices, he added.
“And users need to be aware that connected devices can potentially infringe on their privacy and make sure they take proper steps within the device and home gateway settings to make sure they follow the most basic security advice to make it harder for hackers to compromise them,” Garlati concluded.
According to Le Monde , Chatillon transferred 316,000 euros ($360,000) from the accounts of his PR company Riwal, to an account based in Singapore. Riwal has worked closely with the FN, and in 2012, handled communications for the party during the presidential and legislative elections. At the time, Crochet handled accounting for the party's candidates.
Chatillon and Crochet were both charged in 2015 with illegal campaign financing dating back to 2012. Information obtained by Le Monde in collaboration with the International Consortium of Investigative Journalists (ICIJ) could provide clues as to how aides were able to stash large sums in offshore accounts, out of sight of the French taxman.
On Monday, Le Monde 's editor-in-chief Jerôme Fénoglio announced that "a major French political party" was involved in hidden financial dealings, without revealing which one. In an article published Tuesday, the daily said that businessman Frédéric Chatillon and accountant Nicolas Crochet — two close allies of Marine Le Pen with ties to the party — were implicated in the scandal.
French daily Le Monde revealed Tuesday that close aides of Marine Le Pen, the leader of France's far-right, populist National Front party, and her father and party founder Jean-Marie Le Pen were named in the so-called Panama Papers. Dubbed the biggest data leak in history, the release of the confidential documents show how the world's rich and powerful squirreled away their millions in tax havens. The appearance of people closely tied to the National Front in the scandal might damage the popularity of a party that has risen in the polls thanks to its anti-immigrant stance and strenuous defense of what it describes as traditional French values.
Read more
French daily Le Monde revealed Tuesday that close aides of Marine Le Pen, the leader of France's far-right, populist National Front party, and her father and party founder Jean-Marie Le Pen were named in the so-called Panama Papers. Dubbed the biggest data leak in history, the release of the confidential documents show how the world's rich and powerful squirreled away their millions in tax havens. The appearance of people closely tied to the National Front in the scandal might damage the popularity of a party that has risen in the polls thanks to its anti-immigrant stance and strenuous defense of what it describes as traditional French values.
Related: The VICE News Guide to the Panama Papers
On Monday, Le Monde's editor-in-chief Jerôme Fénoglio announced that "a major French political party" was involved in hidden financial dealings, without revealing which one. In an article published Tuesday, the daily said that businessman Frédéric Chatillon and accountant Nicolas Crochet — two close allies of Marine Le Pen with ties to the party — were implicated in the scandal.
Chatillon and Crochet were both charged in 2015 with illegal campaign financing dating back to 2012. Information obtained by Le Monde in collaboration with the International Consortium of Investigative Journalists (ICIJ) could provide clues as to how aides were able to stash large sums in offshore accounts, out of sight of the French taxman.
According to Le Monde, Chatillon transferred 316,000 euros ($360,000) from the accounts of his PR company Riwal, to an account based in Singapore. Riwal has worked closely with the FN, and in 2012, handled communications for the party during the presidential and legislative elections. At the time, Crochet handled accounting for the party's candidates.
Le Monde says that the two men used several intermediaries and at least four separate companies to process the transaction. One of these companies was set up in the British Virgin Islands — another known tax haven — by Panama-based law firm Mossack Fonseca, which is at the heart of the Panama Papers scandal.
Related: The Law Firm That Works with Oligarchs, Money Launderers, and Dictators
Questioned by Le Monde, Chatillon defended the transaction, saying he had been drawn to the "profitability prospects" in Asia, back in 2012. He explained that he had moved the money there to "avoid the usual media pressure in France." The money, he said, was withdrawn to "help a friend," who was then the CEO of the company to whom the 316,000 euros was transferred.
In a statement published Monday, the FN denied any implication in the scandal and warned reporters that the party "would not hesitate to take legal action" for what it said would amount to "serious slander."
The Panama Papers could also bring new clues to the ongoing investigation into "money laundering and tax fraud" faced by Le Pen senior and his wife Jeanine. Investigators are trying to determine whether Le Pen's former butler Gérald Gérin helped the couple transfer large sums of money in and out of the country.
According to Le Monde, Mossack Fonseca may have helped conceal part of Le Pen's wealth in an offshore company set up in 2000 on a Caribbean island. That amount is estimated at 2.2 million euros ($2.5 million) in bills, gold bullion and gold coins.
French tax authorities became curious when they spotted suspicious transactions on the personal accounts of the former butler, including a 30,560 euro ($34,800) bank transfer from 2010 labeled " Mrs. Le Pen Advance."
The butler told Le Monde that the money was a fund he had put away for "his old age," and that it had "nothing to do with Jean-Marie Le Pen." The former FN president said that, "M. Gérin's business dealings concern only M. Gérin."
The release of the Panama Papers has already sent shock waves through the world, including in Iceland, where protesters took to the streets calling for the resignation of Prime Minister Sigmundur Gunnlaugsson, after it was revealed he and his wife had around $4 million of undisclosed assets stashed away in a private offshore company. Gunnlaugsson stepped down earlier Tuesday.
Follow Pierre-Louis Caron on Twitter: @pierrelouis_c
Follow VICE News France on Twitter: @vicenewsFR
This article originally appeared in VICE News' French edition.
NEW DELHI: BJP has assured BIhar CM Nitish Kumar that it would decide on its prime ministerial candidate in consultation with NDA allies.Party chief Nitin Gadkari gave this assurance to Kumar when he recently sought a guarantee from the saffron partner that the BJP would not project Gujarat CM Narendra Modi in the 2014 parliamentary polls.According to sources, Kumar sought the specific assurance from Gadkari at a quiet meeting they had here on July 25.Kumar had earlier stressed — in an interview with the Economic Times and while addressing a convention of party workers — the need for the NDA to project a “secular” person as the PM. His conversation with Gadkari over dinner marked the first instance when the JD(U) leader spelt out his opposition to Modi, potentially complicating BJP's challenge of assuaging a crucial but restless ally without annoying the Gujarat strongman.When contacted by TOI, Gadkari confirmed that the Bihar CM raised the leadership issue with him. “We had a good meeting in Delhi about a week ago. I told him that we have taken no decision yet on the leadership issue. it is too early for that. Whenever we take a decision, we will do so after consulting all the NDA partners,” the BJP chief said.The meeting had been sought by the BJP against the backdrop of Kumar's anxiety that the main Opposition may declare Modi to be its prime ministerial candidate. The Bihar CM plans to wean Muslims away from arch-rival Lalu Prasad, and has worked on the BJP to ensure that the Gujarat CM was not assigned campaign duty in any election in Bihar since 2005. However, with a section in the BJP keeping up a steady support for Modi as the PM candidate, the JD(U) leader worries that the momentum for the Gujarat CM may become irresistible if he scores his third straight win in Gujarat polls likely to be held in November.Sources said that in the meeting, Kumar had insisted on an early decision on the leadership issue, and there are indications that he may press his demand again in view of the looming Gujarat polls as well as the projections that Modi is the odds on favourite this time as well.Despite being a partner of the BJP since the 1996 Lok Sabha elections, Kumar prizes his “secular” credentials: something which in the last election hindered the effort of his rivals to get Muslims to vote against him. Estimates of the actual support that he got from the community diverge, but there is consensus that the BJP-JD(U) alliance does not evoke the same hostility that NDA would otherwise face.The CM's worry is that the entry of Modi into the fray would not only frustrate his effort to build upon the goodwill he has among Muslims, but would trigger a sharp polarization against him, distracting the attention from his development agenda and handing an advantage to Prasad, Congress and Ram Vilas Paswan.
WE WANT AMERICA BACK!
I heard a song recently that struck a chord in my heart that vibrated long after the song had finished. The message is heartbreakingly true of the condition of our beloved country today. Here are the lyrics to the song entitled, We Want America Back! by Jeff R. Steele. Something is wrong with America.
She once held the Bible as her conscience and guide.
But we've allowed those who hold nothing to be sacred,
Like Sodom of old, to push morals aside.
Where are the men who once stood for right?
And the women who championed their cause?
We must return to the values we lost,
Before this country we love is totally lost.
We want America back.
We want America back,
From those who have no self-control,
We want America back.
This nation is like a runaway train,
Headed down the wrong track,
It's time for the army of God to arise,
And say we want America back.
(In a rich, resonant bass voice, the lead singer narrates the following incredible plea with We Want America Back! music playing softly in the background):
I love America. But I do not love what she has become. Scripture says 'Blessed is the Nation whose God is the Lord', and America has forgotten the Godly foundation on which she was built. Something is wrong. Our children are asked to attend public schools that in many cases resemble war zones, without even the most basic right of any soldier...the right to pray to the God of heaven. Many times a wild-eyed, drug-addicted, gun-carrying teenager is allowed to stay in school, while our Supreme Court decided to expel God from the classroom over thirty years ago. Something is wrong. Television daily bombards the senses of our nation with the idea that wrong is right, that the abnormal is normal, that the abhorrent is acceptable, and that what God calls an abomination is nothing more than an alternate life-style. And It's had an effect. Thirty years ago, the number one television program in America was 'The Andy Griffith Show.' Look what we have today. Something is wrong. When our government can pass out contraceptives to children in school without parental consent, and yet the Gideons can no longer pass out the Bible on campus...something is wrong. When our leaders can say to your children and mine that premarital sex is all right as long as it's safe...yes...something is wrong. And I for one am ready for a change. I will say to my government, "I'm not raising dogs at my house; I'm raising children...created in the image and likeness of almighty God. And I'm going to teach them the Bible. If the Bible says it's right...it's right. And if the Bible says it's wrong...it's wrong." The only hope that America has is that Godly men and women of character will stand together as one mighty army and declare to the immoral, the impure, the obscene and the foul, "Your days of unlimited access the minds of America are over. The army of God, that has been silent for too long, is taking America back!" The narration stops and the singing of the chorus resumes: We want America back.
We want America back,
From those who have no self-control,
We want America back.
This nation is like a runaway train,
Headed down the wrong track,
It's time for the army of God to arise,
And say we want America back.
It's time for the army of God to arise,
And say we want America back!
There's no denying the truth of that song. Many high-ranking leaders in the religious world believe that something needs to be done quickly to stem the tide and save America from further degeneration and moral leprosy. They, understandably, want America back! Bible Prophecy is clear that an attempt would be made to resolve our Nation's ill by uniting "godly men and women (Protestants and Catholics alike) who will stand together as one mighty army and declare to the immoral, the impure, the obscene and the foul, 'Your days of unlimited access the minds of America are over.'" How are they going to accomplish this? Through legislation. Prominent religious leaders in America have already in the past stood up and supported legalizing moral issues. They will continue to do so with greater urgency and fervor hoping that through legislation, wicked people would be made to turn 'good'. Interestingly enough, as I was working on this document, I heard an intense and passionate discussion on the radio on the subject Federal Marriage Amendment. This amendment involves the protection of the marriage institution in America (man-and-woman, not man-and-man or woman-and-woman marriages). The Panel did not want gay/lesbian marriages to be sanctioned as constitutional rights and were pleading with the listeners to talk to their congressmen and women and let their views and opinions be heard. It was interesting that the host, a very prominent Christian leader, mentioned that it is now time to let Congress do what we can't do individually . In other words, what the church fails to do, let the civil powers intervene. Let the state enforce them. Folk, this was what happened in the Dark and Middle Ages. Church dogmas were enforced by the state! Fifty to a hundred million people were massacred in the name of Christianity! While I agree wholeheartedly that gay marriages are abomination to the Lord, moral legislation is not the answer. 'Moral' legislation caused Daniel to be thrown into the lion's den. It put Shadrach, Meshach, and Abednego in the fiery furnace. Haman erected a gallows for Mordecai and had a decree issued for the extermination of the Jews. King Herod had innocent babies murdered, etc. History recorded in blood what happened in the Dark and Middle Ages when church and state were combined, when church dogmas were enforced by civil authorities. Dissenters paid dearly with their lives. If legislation is not the solution to the moral problems plaguing America today, what is? A change of heart wrought by the Holy Spirit of God through proper education, reading and meditating on the Word of God, having an experiential knowledge and understanding of the plan of salvation, responding to the gentle wooing of the Holy Spirit, accepting Jesus as a personal Lord and Saviour, confessing sins and forsaking them, and following in the steps of the Master. When you love Jesus with all your heart, you do not need moral legislation to cause you to live a moral life for your love to God motivates you to obey His moral law, the ten commandments. You will not kill, steal, or covet, you will not lie, you will not cheat, you will not commit adultery, you will not dishonor your parents, you will keep His Sabbath day holy, etc. You keep the law not to be saved but because you have been saved. On the other hand, people who do not know Jesus experimentally would not and could not be made 'moral' even if a thousand moral laws were to be enacted. Click here for The Way of Salvation. If we have a whole nation go through this experience on their own free will, we will have a genuine, moral nation, won't we? But what are the chances that America, in this late hour in prophetic reckoning, will, as a nation , turn to God as described herein? Not good! "Good people," however, will try to coerce other people to be good through legislation. But it's not going to work.
Freedom and reason make brave men;
Take these away, what are they then?--
Mere groveling brutes, and just as well
The beasts may think of heaven or hell.
Know, then, that every soul is free
To choose his life, and what he'll be;
For this eternal truth is given:
That God will force no man to heaven.
He'll call, persuade, direct him right,
Bless him with wisdom, love, and light,
In nameless ways be good and kind,
But never force the human mind.
The unconditional prophecy in Daniel 12:1 will be fulfilled when Protestant America relinguishes Protestantism (with its heaven-borne principles of liberty of conscience, separation of church and state, freedom to worship God according to the dictates of conscience, inalienable rights endowed by the Creator, even the freedom to reject God, etc.) and forms a confederacy with Catholicism who opposes these principles to enforce morality (as defined by the Papacy) upon the Nation which is like a runaway train headed down the wrong track. "And at that time shall Michael stand up, the great prince which standeth for the children of thy people: and there shall be a time of trouble, such as never was since there was a nation even to that same time: and at that time thy people shall be delivered, every one that shall be found written in the book.
If your speakers are turned you are hearing the midi Columbia, the Gem of the Ocean. I haven't heard this song in ages, and I mean ages . The last time I heard it was when I was a little girl, and my Dad was singing it. I was surprised that my husband who was born and raised here in the United States never heard of it. Here are the lyrics. O, Columbia! the gem of the ocean,
The home of the brave and the free,
The shrine of each patriot's devotion,
A world offers homage to thee.
Thy mandates make heroes assemble
When Liberty's form stands in view;
Thy banners make tyranny tremble
When borne by the red, white and blue!
When borne by the red, white and blue!
When borne by the red, white and blue!
Thy banners make tyranny tremble
When borne by the red, white and blue!
When war winged its wide desolation,
And threatn'd the land to deform,
The ark then of freedom's foundation
Columbia rode safe through the storm;
With her garlands of vict'ry around her,
When so proudly she bore her brave crew,
With her flag proudly floating before her,
The boast of the red, white and blue,
The boast of the red, white and blue,
The boast of the red, white, and blue,
With her flag proudly floating before her,
The boast of the red, white and blue.
The Union, the Union forever,
Our glorious nation's sweet hymn,
May the wreaths it has won never wither,
Nor the stars of its glory grow dim,
May the service united ne'er sever,
But they to their colors prove true?
The Army and Navy forever,
Three cheers for the red, white, and blue,
Three cheers for the red, white, and blue,
Three cheers for the red, white, and blue,
The Army and Navy for ever,
Three cheers for the red, white and blue.
--David T. Shaw
The Government has its place in our world and is ordained of God. We are to obey its mandates unless they conflict with the law of God. Here's what Romans 13:1-7 say about the powers that be: "Let every soul be subject unto the higher powers. For there is no power but of God: the powers that be are ordained of God. Whosoever therefore resisteth the power, resisteth the ordinance of God: and they that resist shall receive to themselves damnation. For rulers are not a terror to good works, but to the evil. Wilt thou then not be afraid of the power? do that which is good, and thou shalt have praise of the same: For he is the minister of God to thee for good. But if thou do that which is evil, be afraid; for he beareth not the sword in vain: for he is the minister of God, a revenger to execute wrath upon him that doeth evil. Wherefore ye must needs be subject, not only for wrath, but also for conscience sake. For for this cause pay ye tribute also: for they are God's ministers, attending continually upon this very thing. Render therefore to all their dues: tribute to whom tribute is due; custom to whom custom; fear to whom fear; honour to whom honour." Further, the Apostle Paul plainly outlined the attitude that believers should sustain toward the civil authorities: "Submit yourselves to every ordinance of man for the Lord's sake: whether it be to the king, as supreme; or unto governors, as unto them that are sent by him for the punishment of evildoers, and for the praise of them that do well. For so is the will of God, that with well-doing ye may put to silence the ignorance of foolish men: as free, and not using your liberty for a cloak of maliciousness, but as the servants of God. Honor all men. Love the brotherhood. Fear God. Honor the king." 1 Peter 2:13-17.
Related Topic: 1260 Years of Papal Persecution
HOME NEXT BACK MAIL
Columbia, the Gem of the Ocean Midi
Six blasts and gunfire rocked the Nigerian city of Maiduguri on Thursday, residents and a military source said, after explosions and shooting earlier broke out in another northeastern city.
"There has so far been six explosions, and four of them in the same area," the military source said, adding that a shootout had also occurred on Thursday.
Gunfire and explosions had earlier broken out in Damaturu. Both cities have previously been badly hit by violence blamed on the Islamist group Boko Haram.
Residents reported that people were fleeing in Maiduguri, but it was unclear whether there were casualties.
A witness said one of the explosions shattered the windows of a mosque in an office complex.
In Damaturu, a police officer said gunmen opened fire on a checkpoint, but the attack was repelled. Residents said explosions and gunfire broke out in the afternoon and was still occurring a couple of hours later.
Police could not immediately be reached for comment.
"For the past 40 minutes, there have been explosions and shootings around the Pompomari area of the city," Damaturu resident Kabiru Musa said by telephone in the afternoon.
"Most people have moved indoors and it is not really clear whether it is an attack or a shootout with police and Boko Haram."
Another resident said it appeared suspected Boko Haram members were in the streets shooting and setting off explosions at random.
Maiduguri has borne the brunt of the violence attributed to Boko Haram, which has claimed responsibility for scores of attacks in the north as well as the August suicide bombing of UN headquarters in the capital Abuja that killed at least 24 people.
Damaturu was hit by co-ordinated attacks in early November claimed by Boko Haram which left some 150 people dead.
Earlier this week, blasts at a house in Damaturu rented by suspected members of Boko Haram left one dead and several wounded.
Mette-Marit, Crown Princess of Norway (born Mette-Marit Tjessem Høiby, [ˌmɛtːə ˈmɑːrɪ ˈçɛsəm ˈhœʏbʏ], on 19 August 1973) is the wife of Crown Prince Haakon, heir apparent to the throne of Norway.
A Norwegian commoner and single mother with a disadvantaged past, she was a controversial figure at the time of her engagement to Haakon in 2000. She became crown princess of Norway upon her marriage in 2001. In this role, she has championed humanitarian projects and arts, as well as taking part in official visits at home and abroad.
Background and education [ edit ]
Mette-Marit Tjessem Høiby was born in Kristiansand in the southern part of Norway, the daughter of Sven O. Høiby, who worked as a journalist for a local paper, and Marit Tjessem. Her parents divorced, and her father would later marry Renate Barsgård.[1] She has a sister and two older brothers, including Per Høiby, chief executive of the PR agency First House. Her stepbrother, Trond Berntsen – by her mother's 1994 marriage to Rolf Berntsen – died in the 2011 Norway attacks.[2] Mette-Marit grew up in Kristiansand, spending many weekends and holidays in the nearby valley of Setesdal and on the coast, where she learned to sail. During her youth, she was active in the local Slettheia youth club, where she was also an activity leader. As a teenager, she played volleyball, qualifying as a referee and coach.
After starting at Oddernes upper secondary school in Kristiansand, Mette-Marit spent six months at Wangaratta High School located in North East Victoria in Australia as an exchange student with the exchange organisation, Youth For Understanding. Later, she attended Kristiansand katedralskole, where she passed her final examinations in 1994.
She then spent several months working for the Norwegian-British Chamber of Commerce[3] at Norway House in Cockspur Street, London. When her assignment in London ended, Mette-Marit relocated to Norway.
By her own admission, Mette-Marit experienced a rebellious phase before she met Crown Prince Haakon Magnus.[4] As a part-time student, she took longer than usual to complete her high school education before going on to take preparatory university courses at the University of Agder. She then worked on and off at the restaurant Cafè Engebret in Oslo.[5]
In the late 1990s, Mette-Marit attended the Quart Festival, Norway's largest music festival, in her hometown of Kristiansand. She met Crown Prince Haakon at a garden party during the Quart Festival season.[6] Years later, after becoming a single mother she met the prince again at another party related to the festival.[6]
Since becoming crown princess, Mette-Marit has taken several university-level courses. In 2012, she obtained a master's degree in Executive Management.[7] In an analysis of Mette-Marit's ancestry, it was revealed that several of her ancestors (as well as some living relations) were farmers and she is distantly related (prior to the 15th century) to some Norwegian and Swedish nobility.[8]
Engagement and marriage [ edit ]
When the engagement between Crown Prince Haakon and Mette-Marit was announced, some Norwegians felt that the Crown Prince's choice of partner was questionable because of her previous socialization in a milieu "where drugs were readily available".[9] At the time of their engagement, Mette-Marit was a single mother to a son named Marius Borg Høiby, born 13 January 1997. Her son caused a possible security risk in 2012 to the royal family by posting photos of the family's whereabouts on the Internet.[10] Mette-Marit is reported to be a social media user and it has been rumoured that the royal family may not follow the instruction to refrain from revealing personal information on social media.[10]
Her first official appearance as the intended bride of the Crown Prince was at the Nobel Peace Prize ceremony at Oslo City Hall on 10 December 2000, following the announcement of the couple's engagement on 1 December. At the press conference, Haakon said that he and Mette-Marit had been together for about one year. Haakon gave Mette-Marit the same engagement ring that his grandfather King Olav V and his father King Harald V had given to their fiancées.[11]
The couple married on 25 August 2001 at the Oslo Cathedral. Upon her marriage, she acquired the title, Her Royal Highness the Crown Princess of Norway.[12] They now live outside Oslo at Skaugum estate .
The couple has two children together: Princess Ingrid Alexandra, born 21 January 2004 and Prince Sverre Magnus, born 3 December 2005.
Public life and further education [ edit ]
Crown Princess Mette-Marit and Crown Prince Haakon in 2010
In October 2005, Crown Princess Mette-Marit accompanied Crown Prince Haakon, King Harald and Queen Sonja on an official visit to the United Kingdom to mark the centenary of Norway's independence.
During 2002 and 2003, the Crown Princess undertook development studies at the School of Oriental and African Studies at the University of London, apparently without graduating. She was also accepted as an intern at NORAD, the Norwegian government's development organization. Mette-Marit is attending lectures at the faculties of arts and social sciences at the University of Oslo.[13]
The Crown Princess is a UNAIDS Special Representative and visited Geneva to learn more about the organization. She also visited Malawi because of this post. In 2007, the Crown Princess extended her commitment as a UNAIDS Special Representative for another two years.[14] The Crown Princess and her husband attended the International AIDS Conference in Toronto in August 2006 as part of this role, serving as Jury member to the UNAIDS family-led Red Ribbon Award.[15]
Along with UNAIDS, the Crown Princess is president of various other organisations. They are The Norwegian Scouting Association, the Amandus Film Festival, Kristiansand's International Children's Film Festival, Risor Festival of Chamber Music, FOKUS Forum for Women and Development Questions, Norwegian Design Council, Red Cross Norway, The Norwegian Council for Mental Health, the Full Rigged Ship Sorlandet, and the Oslo International Church Music Festival.
In December 2008, she received the Annual Petter Dass award, which recognises a person who helps to unite people and God. Mette-Marit released the CD Sorgen og gleden with religious psalms. The Crown Princess wrote in the booklet "psalms are a link between me and God, between me and life".[16]
In October 2018 she was diagnosed with pulmonary fibrosis, which will limit her official programmes.[17] Mette-Marit, who has dealt with "health challenges on a regular basis" (such as pneumonia, several instances of Norovirus, low blood pressure, along with some falls, concussions, a neck injury and a herniated disc [18]) will undergo treatment at Oslo University Hospital.[19]
If her husband ascends the throne, Mette-Marit will become the third Norwegian queen consort to have been born as a commoner. The first was Désirée Clary, the consort of Charles III John. The second is her mother-in-law, the current Queen Sonja, the daughter of clothing merchant Karl August Haraldsen and Dagny Haraldsen (née Ulrichsen).[20]
Titles, styles and honours [ edit ]
Titles [ edit ]
Since her marriage, Mette-Marit has been known as "Her Royal Highness The Crown Princess of Norway".
Honours [ edit ]
National honours [ edit ]
Foreign honours [ edit ]
A federal judge has ruled that the U.S. National Security Agency's bulk data collection program likely does not comply with the U.S. Constitution's Fourth Amendment, which prohibits unreasonable searches and seizures.
U.S. District Judge Richard Leon, who released the decision on Monday, wrote that "in view of the significant national security interests at stake," he would not require the decision's widespread enforcement until the government has had a chance to appeal.
"This case is yet the latest chapter in the Judiciary's continuing challenge to balance the national security interests of the United States with the individual liberties of our citizens," Leon wrote.
"The Government, in its understandable zeal to protect our homeland, has crafted a counterterrorism program with respect to telephone metadata that strikes the balance based in large part on a thirty-four year old Supreme Court precedent, the relevance of which has been eclipsed by technological advances and a cell phone-centric lifestyle heretofore inconceivable."
The debate over balancing security and privacy ramped up significantly this summer after former intelligence contractor Edward Snowden leaked a trove of secret documents revealing the vast scope of the NSA's surveillance capabilities..
With the decision, Leon ordered the NSA to stop collecting the phone records of the case's two plaintiffs, public interest lawyer Larry Klayman and Charles Strange, the father of a Navy SEAL who was killed in Afghanistan. Otherwise, the agency can continue with business as usual until the U.S. government has a chance to mount and appeal.
"I hearby give the Government fair notice that should my ruling be upheld, this order will go into effect forthwith," Leon wrote. "Accordingly, I fully expect that during the appellate process, which will consume at least the next sig months, the Government will take whatever steps necessary to prepare itself to comply with this order when, and if, it is upheld."
UPDATE: 4:00 p.m. ET: Journalist Glenn Greenwald, the former Guardian reporter who brought Edward Snowden's leaked documents to light, provided a statement to the New York Times on the decision from Snowden himself. It reads:
I acted on my belief that the NSA's mass surveillance programs would not withstand a constitutional challenge, and that the American public deserved a chance to see these issues determined by open courts. Today, a secret program authorized by a secret court was, when exposed to the light of day, found to violate Americans' rights. It is the first of many.
Image: Alex Wong/Getty Images
Classmates of the 43 students who went missing one month ago in Iguala, in Mexico's Guerrero state, said Friday that the state governor's announcement that he is stepping down is not enough — they want to see him “behind bars.”
“We do not care that Governor Ángel Aguirre resigned,” Uriel, a classmate of the missing students who declined to provide his last name for fear reprisals from local police, said during a rally in Guerrero's capital, Chilpancingo. “Our actions will not stop there. We want to see him behind bars.”
Before the rally, thousands marched from the missing students' school, Ayotzinapa Normal School, to Chilpancingo for a Catholic mass. During the march, some students took control of tollbooths along the state's main highway, which leads to the resort town of Acapulco. In previous weeks, student have occupied and burned municipal buildings while protesting the students' disappearance and a perceived lack of action by President Enrique Peña Nieto.
The missing students were protesting government education reforms when local police opened fire on demonstrations, killing three students and three bystanders. After the shootings, local police vehicles drove off with some of the missing students, according to witnesses.
“Police opened fire on us, and it lasted about eight minutes. Those who were able to flee the scene and we were allowed into a nearby home,” Carlos Pérez, a 20-year-old Ayotzinapa student who survived the incident, told Al Jazeera. “Some of us tried to go back. We were completely surrounded and could only escape when the police reloaded.”
“I saw a classmate who wanted to flee, but as he left a bullet hit him and he is now in a vegetative state,” he added.
The Guerrero violence has jolted Mexico, where kidnappings and mass graves have become commonplace since former President Felipe Calderón launched an assault on the country's warring criminal organizations in 2007. Thousands have marched in Guerrero and other Mexican cities since the students disappeared.
Sometimes the pen really is mightier than the sword — not only when it is deployed to capture in words the loftiest philosophical ruminations, but also when, through pictures, it causes heroes to tremble and fall. For skilled satirists, trenchant humor is a potent tool.
The Tokyo-based, Scottish artist Jack McLean is a master of a certain kind of super-dry satire, whose mischievousness is on view at The Container, a small, alternative-space gallery in the capital's Nakameguro district. In just a few years, this replica of a metal shipping container, installed inside a hip haircutting salon, has become a much-watched venue for conceptual and other forms of contemporary art.
McLean's exhibition, titled “It's a Long Story, in Full Colour, Without a Happy Ending,” includes a large drawing in oil-ink pen and watercolor on canvas, which fills the gallery's far wall, and two long, horizontal drawings made with the same materials, which radiate out from it on either side like cartoon friezes. Also on view is a large, papier-mache airplane, a prop from one of McLean's performance art events.
McLean, who studied at the Glasgow School of Art, first visited Japan in the 1990s, when he was 30 years old. He says, “I've always been interested in cliches and stereotypes, in looking for the unusual in what is most familiar.”
The artist, who also works as a school teacher, often appears in performance art works as a sad-looking clown, who seems to both revel in and abhor the tedium of blowing up long, pink balloons. The characters and situations in his drawings of overlapping scenes recall those in the activity-packed panoramas of the 16th-century, Flemish artist Pieter Bruegel the Elder. Both artists' works are very ordinary and yet decidedly bizarre.
In McLean's drawings, salarymen stumble around with cardboard boxes on their heads; a dinosaur tries to cross a footbridge with a marching band, then dismembers the annoying humans; booze-guzzling toddlers play on a shark-surrounded raft; a monkey finds itself nailed to a cross; and a nasty kid with a slingshot takes aim at a weary Jesus Christ. In McLean's pictures, children behave like the vain or confused adults they will someday become, and grown-ups revert to the irritating, childish routines they should have abandoned long ago. His drawings “are full of characters I have seen throughout my life,” the artist says. They offer a kind of satire that is offbeat, to be sure — and maybe also a warning to the unassuming to stay out of the way of an artist armed with McLean's wry wit and take-no-prisoners search for subjects.
“Jack McLean: It's a Long Story, in Full Colour, Without a Happy Ending” at The Container runs till Feb. 15; open 11 a.m.-9 p.m. (Sat., Sun. 10 a.m.-8 p.m.). Free admission. Closed Tue. the-container.com
French Ambassador Thierry Dana on Tuesday urged Japanese tourists to visit Paris despite the recent deadly attacks claimed by the Islamic State group, saying the French lifestyle beloved by Japanese has not changed.
“Despite the terrible effect of the attacks, life is already taking over in Paris. … I hope things will soon come back to normal,” Dana said during a news conference at the Foreign Correspondents' Club of Japan in Tokyo. “We expect and hope to receive Japanese visitors as (we've seen) before (the attacks).”
Dana also thanked the Japanese government and citizens for showing support following the waves of shootings and suicide bombings on Nov. 13 that killed at least 130 people and left hundreds injured.
“We have received many signs of solidarity and friendship from Japan. … This is very valuable,” he said.
“The fight against terrorism is something that concerns every country in the world. Unfortunately, many countries have been victims of attacks,” he said. “It is important to share this concern.”
Meanwhile, Dana said the 21st meeting of the Conference of the Parties to the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change (COP21) will be held as planned in Paris next week, and that France is confident of its security.
As of Tuesday, more than 140 heads of states and governments have confirmed their attendance at the event, he said.
However, some citizens' groups and nongovernment organizations were advised to cancel their planned activities outside the conference's premises because it may be more difficult to ensure security in such places.
Following the terrible attacks in the French capital, President Francois Hollande declared a state of emergency that was subsequently extended to February. Hollande called the massacre an act of war and vowed to destroy the Islamic State group in Syria and Iraq.
It was the second major attack in Paris this year, following horrific attacks in January in which 17 people, including cartoonists at the satirical Charlie Hebdo weekly magazine, were killed by jihadi gunmen.
Though it may sound incredible given the latest diplomatic debacle, India and Pakistan had come close to an agreement on the most contentious issue of Kashmir a few years ago. It is yet another story of the lost opportunities that have afflicted this region.Former Pakistan foreign minister Khurshid Mahmud Kasuri, in his recently published book, reveals how the back-channel negotiations from 2004-'07 helped the two sides reach an understanding on a draft formula on the future of Kashmir.Many in the two countries believe the same framework could still provide the basis for a sustainable peace process.For sure, most of the features of the proposed peace formula are known, but perhaps not the entire framework and the details of the diplomatic efforts that went into the draft agreement. These could have changed the entire regional security paradigm. It is arguably the most authentic account of the secret negotiations to which the author was a witness.What made the secret back channel negotiations more useful was that they allowed the two sides to revisit their respective positions away from the media glare and to explore out-of-the-box solutions for the tricky issue that had been the cause of three wars. It was the first sustained backchannel negotiations between India and Pakistan that lasted for three years despite the huge trust deficit that existed between them. More importantly, the numerous exchanges of non-papers remained strictly confidential, something that could not have been possible in official-level talks.According to Kasuri, the two sides had fundamentally agreed on a four-point formula that envisaged demilitarisation and joint control of the disputed territory. While avoiding the redrawing of the border, it suggested making the Line of Control irrelevant allowing Kashmiris on both sides to move freely.It was supposed to be the first step leading up to a permanent solution to the long-festering problem. Undoubtedly, it could have been a viable and acceptable proposition had the agreement been formally signed. But, unfortunately, that did not happen because of the 2007 political crisis in Pakistan and India's own internal political problems. A great historical opportunity was lost.Interestingly, that peace process, perhaps the most substantive ever to take place between the two South Asian rivals, was initiated by the very leaders who had almost led their countries to a catastrophic war just two years earlier in 2002.Not to forget that it was the same Gen Musharraf who was the architect of the Kargil conflict that aborted the earlier peace initiative taken by Nawaz Sharif and Atal Behari Vajpayee.It was Vajpayee's visit to Islamabad in January 2004 for the SAAR summit conference that led to the second peace process. The impact was immediate and immense. The tour of the Indian cricket team to Pakistan after a long hiatus changed the atmosphere, opening up the borders for Indian spectators. The guns at the LoC went silent with a ceasefire agreement in place. The opening up of trade between the two Kashmirs and the inauguration of a bus service helped reunite divided families.That was also the beginning of backchannel talks. While Musharraf nominated his most trusted aide and friend Tariq Aziz, the Indian prime minister chose his national security adviser Brajesh Mishra as his emissary for the delicate and complicated negotiations.Most importantly, the process continued even after the fall of the Vajpayee government and the installation of the new Congress administration led by Manmohan Singh. The new prime minister appointed his national security adviser and veteran diplomat JN Dixit. This continuity indicated cross-party commitment to the process.Surely, it was Gen Musharraf who showed greater flexibility stepping back from Pakistan's long-standing demand for a plebiscite under the 1948 United Nations resolutions. Kasuri has quoted from Musharraf's famous speech in October 2006 in which he declared: “They say that the borders will not be drawn a second time. We say that the LoC is not acceptable as a permanent border.” He stressed on finding a middle ground “between these two positions which will mean self-governance with a joint management system at the top for both sides and you make the LoC irrelevant”.I was there at the Safma conference in Islamabad in 2006 where the general made these comments in the presence of some Indian members of parliament. They were all surprised by his candour. Perhaps being a military leader gave him the licence which a civilian leader would not have.Kasuri refutes the widespread perception that Musharraf's initiative did not have the support of other generals or that the Pakistan Foreign Office was kept out of back channel diplomacy. While it is true that the number of people involved in the process was limited, the army was on board during that period. Besides the foreign minister and the foreign secretary, Gen Ashfaq Kayani who was then ISI chief, and the vice chief of army staff were always present at the meetings.Despite the secrecy involved in the backchannel moves, Gen Musharraf would often publicly articulate his position on the issue. His speeches at that time gave a clear idea about the progress on talks. So it is wrong to say that the public or his own institution was completely in the dark on the content of the proposed peace deal.What happened at that time seems a distant dream today, with the two countries not even being able to talk, let alone pick up the thread from where they left off. The collapse of the National Security Advisor talks indicates how things have changed.Yet no one expected that the talks would die in such an atmosphere of acrimony, amidst an exchange of barbs. Surely the Ufa meeting did open up a window of opportunity for the resumption of long stalemated bilateral talks, but no peace process can be expected to take off the ground with the main sources of tension off the table.This article was originally published on Dawn.com.
In this, January 15, 2015, photo, students participating in rush pass by the Phi Kappa Psi house at the University of Virginia in Charlottesville, Virginia. AP Photo/Steve Helber A judge ordered the former University of Virginia (UVA) student known as "Jackie" on Thursday to give a deposition in a defamation lawsuit against Rolling Stone magazine, The New York Times reported.
The deposition will be the first time Jackie has given a sworn statement about the allegations she made in the now-retracted 2014 article that detailed a gang rape on the UVA campus.
Last Thursday, Jackie's lawyers argued that "she would be 're-traumatized' if she is compelled to recount her ordeal in proceedings under oath," and asked the judge to cancel the deposition originally scheduled for April 5, according to The Washington Post.
The lawsuit was brought by Nicole Eramo, UVA's associate dean of students, against Rolling Stone, as well as Wenner Media and Sabrina Rubin Erdely, the article's author.
The story, "A Rape on Campus: A Brutal Assault and Struggle for Justice at UVA," depicts Eramo as indifferent to Jackie's alleged gang rape at a campus fraternity party. The article claims that Eramo did nothing in response to Jackie's allegations and told the student that UVA did not publish its sexual-assault data "because nobody wants to send their daughter to the rape school."
Eramo is seeking nearly $8 million in damages — $7.5 million in compensatory damages for reputational harm and $350,000 in punitive damages. Eramo's lawyers argue that this evidence against Jackie's previous statements should be reason for her to be deposed.
But Jackie's lawyers fought the deposition, describing their client as "a sexual assault victim who has suffered repeated revictimizations, including by Dean Eramo in this very lawsuit," according to court documents cited by The Washington Post.
"Forcing her to revisit her sexual assault, and then the re-victimization that took place after the Rolling Stone article came out, will inevitably lead to a worsening of her symptoms and current mental health," the documents read.
Much — if not all — of the Rolling Stone story, which the magazine published in April 2015, has since been disproved by media reports, a police investigation, and a report by Columbia's journalism school.
"There is no evidence whatsoever that the story that Jackie told her friends, or the very different story she told Rolling Stone, actually transpired," Eramo's lawyers write in court documents cited by The Washington Post. "Instead, it appears that Jackie fabricated her perpetrator and the details of the alleged assault."
Tuesday's ruling, by Chief Judge Glen Conrad of the Western District of Virginia, orders that Jackie be available for questioning by Rolling Stone and Eramo's lawyers. Recordings and transcripts of the deposition will reportedly be confidential.
PGRv3 #31-40 Top Smash Bros Wii U Players In The World
Continuing the Top 50 Smash Wii U players in the world from January 2017 to June 2017, today we reveal 31-40 on the #PGRv3!
To learn more on our methods and how the PGR was created, read the FAQ.
For more information on how/which tournaments were ranked, check the Tournament Tier System.
Link to the data used.
Photo Credit: Thomas "Tisch" Tischio
Northern Florida's Manny Medina makes his return to the PGR after a lackluster last season with a solid #40 ranking. Early-2017 was lined with several successes for the ‘Sonic main of many names', putting him back on the map as one of North America's finest hedgehogs.
Manny's playstyle focuses on minimizing risks taken, instead favoring safe and reliable options. Coupled with Sonic's inherent oppressive toolkit, this has secured him wins over high-tier players like Locus and Zinoto throughout the season.
Headlined by top 16 at both CEO events, Manny's recent results forecast more success incoming. His impeccable ability to make the right decisions in the heat of things will prove beneficial as Smash Wii U's metagame trends towards optimization.
- Justin "Popi" Banusing
Photo Credit: Javi "Lakitu" Leyvas
Making his debut on the PGR is Florida's Robert "Myran" Herrin at 39th. This Olimar broke through the mainstream this season with top 32 placings at Nairo Saga and CEO 2017, all doing so with the unpopular Wii Remote and Nunchuk control scheme.
A tried-and-true Olimar specialist, Myran has mained him since the beginning of competitive Smash 4. That being said, it is no surprise to see him have near-unparalleled knowledge about his character's intricacies and matchups; this allows him to upset competitors thought to be far above his weight, such as his harrowing game 5 win over Tweek at Frostbite. His efforts this season have yielded a 6-9 record versus rest of the top 50, with 6wx, ScAtt, Tweek, Mr.E, and MVD all on his resume.
Myran plays to his own beat regardless of season and metagame. Sticking to his unique style of Olimar throughout the years, he has only continued to improve. Expect the Summer of Smash and the months to come to have more of him in the mix.
- Justin "Popi" Banusing
Photo Credit: Javi "Lakitu" Leyvas
Musician and series veteran Rich Brown has had a tumultuous PGRv3 season. The California native is renowned for his aggressive and heavy read-based style of play which compliments his main character Mewtwo's numerous KO options. Rich Brown had a superb start to the season with a 13th and 5th place finish at A-tier events 2GGC: Genesis Saga and 2GGC: Midwest Mayhem Saga and a 17th place finish at S-tier event Genesis 4. Rich Brown's early success along with his previous merits in the PGRv2 season lead to a deal with professional esports organization Panda Global, signing as their newest Smash Wii U player. The middle and late half of the season lead to more mixed results for Rich Brown. While he performed well at A-tier events CEO Dreamland and 2GGCL Greninja Saga with a 13th and 17th place finish respectively, Rich Brown had a few substandard results highlighted by a 65th place finish at S-tier tournament 2GGC:Civil War and a 49th place finish at S-tier tournament 2GGC: Nairo Saga. Rich Brown also featured one of the more negative set records against PGR players last season with his most notable wins coming from players including Ranai, Dath, Saj, Manny, AC and Darkshad. Rich Brown will be looking to improve his consistency heading into the PGRv4 season.
- Adam "Mayday" Braham
Photo Credit: Javi "Lakitu" Leyvas
The Midwest's rising star had an explosive season all throughout, showing signs of improvement and characteristics of a top Cloud at every appearance. After a slow start in the winter, Nicholas "Ned" Dovel placed 1st at Midwest Mayhem 7 by beating Zinoto twice to win a trip to 2GGC: Midwest Mayhem Saga, where he revived himself yet again to take a long list of names, including Captain Zack, Zinoto, VoiD, and Larry Lurr on his way to 4th. Ned continued to impress at Midwest events, such as Frostbite 2017 where he defeated Fatality in pools and finished at 17th overall, 4th at Midwest Mayhem 8, unforgettably beating ZeRo in Winner's bracket in the closing seconds of Game 5, and 3rd at Combo Breaker 2017, winning against MVD. Even with a season that can be marked overall as a success, a rapid rate of improvement and recent liberation from high school mean that Ned will likely continue to represent the Midwest well, in both the near and far future.
- Dominique “Dom” Moore
Photo Credit: Javi "Lakitu" Leyvas
Osaka native and japanese sensation Eita “HIKARU” Hoshi is well known for his extremely eccentric personality and proficiency of his main character Donkey Kong. HIKARU loves to entertain the crowd both in and out of game. Out of game, HIKARU channels his inner Donkey Kong persona often reenacting Donkey Kong's famous taunts or moves after sets to draw cheers from the audience. In game, HIKARU is the master of the fan favorite Donkey Kong-specific throw combo, the Ding Dong. Aptly named by the community for it's one-two punch that can KO off the top early at certain percents, the Ding Dong complements HIKARU's cerebral and explosively creative play style. With most of his results coming from Japanese events due to difficulty of traveling, HIKARU posted strong regional results for the PGRv3 season with a 9th place finish at B-tier tournament KSB 2017 and a 25th place finish at the A-tier event Umebura Japan Major. HIKARU made the most of his opportunities outside of Japan with his most notable placement of the season, a 7th place finish at S-tier tournament 2GGC Civil War. HIKARU features win over established players such as ESAM, Tsu, Mr. R, and VoiD. With Donkey Kong's explosive KO ability and HIKARU's cerebral play style, HIKARU is a wild card heading into the new PGR season.
- Adam "Mayday" Braham
Photo Credit: Javi "Lakitu" Leyvas
Playing one of the more overlooked and forgotten characters in the current Smash Wii U meta, Japan's Tomoyasu “Earth” Yamakawa is regarded as the premier Pit player in the world. Carrying over his title as the most successful Pit player in Brawl, Earth's fluid neutral game meshes seamlessly with Pit's overall solid toolkit. While Pit is still his go-to character, Earth has started to develop a secondary character in Corrin for more difficult matchups. Never placing outside 33rd in his Smash Wii U career, Earth has distinctly been one of the most consistent players - even while residing in the region most renowned for its inconsistency. Continuing this trend throughout the PGRv3 season, the Japan native's best results derived from the disruptive S-tier event 2GGC Civil War where he finished 17th, a 13th place finish at A-tier event Frame Perfect Series 2, and a 4th place finish at B-tier event KSB 2017. Earth collected a series of impressive wins over the past season accentuated by set wins over notable players such as KEN, Ranai, Manny, and komorikiri. While Earth continues to post steady above average results, he will still enter the PGRv4 season searching for that breakout top 8 finish at an S-tier event.
- Adam "Mayday" Braham
Photo Credit: Thomas "Tisch" Tischio
If you were to ask anyone which Duck Hunt main would make it onto the PGR at the start of the season, few would have put their money on Ishiguro "Raito" Tetsuya. At #34, he is the only member of Japan's Duck Hunt quartet to make it onto the list. This is thanks in part due to the Duck Hunt community funding several of his stateside outings.
Raito's PGR debut season has been nothing short of impressive, placing 13th at the S-Tier Nairo Saga and CEO 2017 with a peak of 9th at CEO Dreamland. His mastery over Duck Hunt's unique trap-focused toolset has allowed him to score wins in the most clutch of situations over the likes of Larry Lurr, MKLeo and Mr. R -- all players of the highest caliber.
Raito is the prime example of a player pushing a character beyond their perceived limits. Expect to see more of him next season as he increases the frequency of his out-of-country trips.
- Justin "Popi" Banusing
Photo Credit: Javi "Lakitu" Leyvas
Japan's Shuto “Shuton” Moriya, fresh off his stateside debut, makes his first appearance on the PGR at #33. This Olimar specialist from the Fukuoka region has thrived in a metagame where his character is rare; this in part due to his refined pressure-heavy playstyle and unparalleled ability to micromanage Olimar's Pikmin units.
Shuton repeatedly proved his mettle in both domestic and international events throughout the season. He opened up 2017 with a dominating win at Sumabato 15, besting the likes of 9B and Choco (PGRv3 #49). He soon carried that momentum to perform solidly at his first two top-tier tournaments in North America, placing 5th at Frostbite and 13th at 2GGC: Civil War. It was during this trip that he secured his first high-profile wins against North Americans, namely Ally (PGRv2 #2) and Trela (PGRv3 Area 51). Finally, he closed the first half of the year with strong domestic results, finishing 1st and 2nd at Hirosuma 6 and Sumabato 18 respectively.
Considering what Shuton has accomplished in his first few months of international travel, there's no telling how far he'll be able to climb in future seasons.
- Justin "Popi" Banusing
Photo Credit: Javi "Lakitu" Leyvas
Before attending a single event overseas, Tokyo native Isami “T” Ikeda became a household name in the west. Rumors from the east reached western shores early about an extremely talented player having success with an extremely unconventional character, Link - a character viewed as subpar in almost every iteration of Smash. With the excitement building around T, the Link main traveled to the United States for the first time during the PGRv3 season. While his US PGR sanctioned event debut turned out to be more of a disappointment - a 49th place finish at Frostbite 2017 - it wouldn't be until T's second PGR sanctioned event where he made his biggest impression. T's strongest result of the season came from a resounding 3rd place finish at one of the most talent-stacked events in Smash Wii U history, S-tier tournament 2GGC: Civil War. Taking sets off multiple notable players including K9, NAKAT, Tsu, Abadango and Fatality on his way to 3rd, T proved to the western audience that he could compete with the best. T would end his PGRv3 season with a strong regional appearance at A-tier tournament Umebura Japan Major with a 13th place finish.
With the occasional spectacular result during a mostly sporadic PGRv3 season, T will be one of the biggest wild cards heading into the new season.
- Adam "Mayday" Braham
Photo Credit: Javi "Lakitu" Leyvas
Wesley "6WX" Alexander returns to the PGR for a 3rd consecutive iteration as the sole representative from the state of Pennsylvania and one of the best Sonic players in the world. His aggressive spin on a character that is unanimously believed to be of a passive, bait-and-punish archetype continued to reap success this past season, netting wins over FOW, Elegant, falln, Captain Zack, and Tweek. On the results side, 6WX found himself in the thick of the action time and time again, narrowly making or missing Top 8 at A and B Tier events, evidenced by 7th place finishes at KTAR XX and 2GGC: GENESIS Saga and 9th place finishes at 2GGC: Midwest Mayhem Saga, Midwest Mayhem 8, and CEO Dreamland. His S Tier performances also showed promise, getting 33rd at GENESIS 4 and 2GGC: Civil War, 25th at 2GGC: Nairo Saga, and 17th at CEO 2017. 6WX has been a constant in high level Smash 4 from the moment he began competing, and even with a bit of a quiet season he found himself a spot squarely in the middle of the rankings once again.
- Dominique “Dom” Moore
The popular belief that we've become a nation, and an industrialized world, of increasingly sedentary sloths has become so widespread, that research to the contrary travels slow... if it even makes it out of the medical journals at all. A new study using the latest scientific measuring tool of physical activity energy expenditure, the doubly labeled water method, compiled the largest collection of international data going back to the 1980s. Guess what it found?
You can probably guess simply by the fact that this extensive study barely made a blip on the news. Most readers probably heard nothing about it.
Researchers from Maastricht University in The Netherlands and the University of Aberdeen in Scotland found that actual measures of energy expenditure of adults in the United States and Europe show no evidence of a decline over time. “It seems that we have been misled by the anecdotal information about levels of our physical activity,” said co-author, professor John Speakman. Daily physical activity hasn't changed, he said. “In the time we spend watching television today, people probably listened to radio in the 1950s and read books in the 1920s.”
Researchers have used many different methods to measure the physical activity and fitness levels of children and adults through the decades. While each one has shown we're no less active or fit today, this is the first study to examine research data on what some consider especially controlled, the doubly labeled water method (DLW).
This complicated study was just published in the online issue of the International Journal of Obesity. For this study, the researchers collected information from four sources.
The first was from the town of Maastricht, which between 1983 and 2005 has measured energy expenditure in 366 free-living adults, using DLW and direct measures of their basal energy expenditure by respirometry. This single site data was consistently gathered and well-controlled, allowing a reliable look at changes over the decades.
The second source of information in this paper was original DLW data from 13 North America studies of 393 people (85% women, ethnically diverse, and across a large geographic area) published in peer-reviewed journals between 1982 and 2005. To ensure that the DLW data was reliable and representative of adults in the general population, they included information on people who were healthy, not pregnant, and not part of diet or physical activity interventions.
Third, to compare modern data with underdeveloped countries more likely to reflect energy expenditure before modernization of our travel and lifestyles, they gathered DLW data from rural third world cultures.
Finally, in order to evaluate any reductions in energy expenditure compared to what would be naturally expected for bodies of the same size, they compiled DLW data for mammals living in the wild. [They recognized that the data on wild animals used a different statistical model (single-pool) than in the human calculations, which would slightly overestimate the predicted energy demands.]
This may not sound like impressive numbers of subjects, but it will when you realize what's involved in this method and that this study compiled virtually all such data available to date. The DLW method is the first noninvasive method for measuring the energy expended by people over a period of 2 to 3 weeks in their normal, real-life activities.
It was invented by professor Nathan Lifson and colleagues at the University of Minnesota in the 1940s after discovering that the oxygen in respired carbon dioxide is in isotopic equilibrium with the oxygen in body water. It was an expensive high-tech method that for years was mostly used small birds and animals until isotopes became more cost-effective and gas isotope ratio mass spectrometers became commercially available. DLW wasn't used in human until the early 1980s and it's been increasingly refined over the years.
It's an intricate method. The authors described the Maastricht protocol in their study [*see below], as well as the different ways that the data on basal energy expenditure and daily energy expenditure can be statistically used to determine physical activity level for people of different body masses. They used all three calculation methods in this study. More detailed information on DLW is found in the IDECG (International Dietary Energy Consultancy Group) working group consensus report from Vienna. While there are complex issues surrounding this method beyond the scope of this post, the bottom line is that the method has been validated in more than a dozen studies by four independent research groups and shown to be valid, with an accuracy around 1-3% and precision of 2-8%, for a range of activity levels of people in daily life. Researchers at the University of Chicago, for instance, found it reliable for measuring daily energy expenditure among women within a 7.8% variation.
The findings
Among the Maastricht people, the researchers found that the energy they expended in physical activity each day slightly increased over the decades. The calculated calories people burned in physical activity showed no significant changes between 1988 to 2006. The amount of energy individuals expend in physical activity varies by age, gender and body size, of course, but there was no difference over the decades. A correlation that puzzled the authors was that during these same decades, ‘obesity' rates in the Netherlands doubled from 5 to 10%.
Among the DLW data from North America, activity increased over the decades and the daily energy people expended in activity rose. Again, this was while ‘obesity' rates increased from 8 to 22%.
Despite popular beliefs that our modern, Western lifestyles has turned us into slugs, the overall DLW data from third world, nonindustrialized peoples was similar to those of people from Maastricht and North America. The energy expended by modern people in Westernized societies is completely in line with people in third world countries, the authors concluded.
Finally, using the animal data to predict what daily energy demands would be for modern humans of similar size, they found that people were expending more energy than predicted. None of the values was lower than predicted based on body mass and living temperature.
In each group of humans and animals and using each mathematical method, the total physical activity levels for size and gender were amazingly similar.
Conclusion and body of evidence to date
The authors concluded that, using a variety of different techniques to analyze the date on daily and basal energy expenditures of people since the 1980s, this study found no indication that physical activity has declined in North America or Europe.
In fact, the trends “were actually in the opposite direction, suggesting levels of activity energy expenditure may have actually increased over this time interval,” the authors concluded.
These findings are at odds with anecdotal reports, as they went on to talk about. When people observe ‘obese' people seeming to be less physically active than their lean counterparts, this observation is popularly misunderstood. Although ‘obese' people may appear to do less physical activity, they are actually expending more energy, said the authors, and can be more fit than their thinner counterparts.
These findings have been confirmed in numerous studies, using a variety of methodologies. For example, although not mentioned in this paper, this lead author has conducted some especially relevant research. Several years ago, Dr. Klaas R. Westerterp had specifically studied the physical activity among ‘obese' people using DLW measurements. The results were published in the International Journal of Obesity. He found “activity associated energy expenditure increases with body mass index” even while physical activity level doesn't change.
He also found that “the majority of ‘obese' subjects are moderately active.” Most fat people are not sedentary, as is popularly believed. However, increasing activity among the ‘obese' is “not rewarded by weight loss,” he found. And higher intensity exercise and training programs are not tolerated without raising risks for them.
A more recent study by pediatric researchers at Maastricht University compared daily energy expenditure among teens of differing sizes and body fat in The Netherlands, Britain and America. They found that the basal metabolic rate and the average daily metabolic rate are higher among the fat teens as compared to lean ones. Their basal metabolic rates remain higher even when adjusting for age, the percentage of body fat and gender, and fat teens proved actually to be equally active as lean teens.
Deja vu As has already been covered, the carefully worded admonishments of government agencies and stakeholders in exercise can mislead us to believe in sloths. Definitions are everything. But the research and conclusions of experts that counter popular anecdotes rarely make the news. Michael Gard, a physical and health educator at Charles Stuart University's Bathurst campus dispelled the belief that kids today are sedentary and explained our lack of understanding of children's physiology that attempts to put adult measures and exercise solutions on kids. Despite popular notions of kids being shuttled around in cars and spending their days plopped in front of a screen, children's play experiences and the amount of physical activity they derive from it and walking and biking, also appear to have changed very little since the 1940s. Research led by Colin Pooley, Ph.D. at Lancaster University in England, followed over 895,000 individual trips and collected 160 hours of taped interviews and data among four age groups of children and found that walking still accounted for about two-thirds of their means of transport and that their actual movements and play activities had changed very little in the past 60 years, despite greater affluence, media and car ownership. Nor is the physical fitness of kids in the toilet, as popular anecdotes tell us. A review of U.S. studies examining actual peak oxygen consumption measurements indicated that there has been little change in absolute and relative peak V-O2 levels in children from the 1930s through the 1990s. A review of the evidence for children's physical activity in the U.S. and internationally, conducted by Adelaide, Australian researchers, concluded that overall, the data does not support the view that today's generation of young people is less active. Overall population survey data shows little, if any, change for decades. But trend data also suggests dramatic increases since the 1960s in extracurricular sports and physical activities, according to a recent review by researchers at the Division of Epidemiology, School of Public Health, University of Minnesota, Minneapolis. The most recent Child Trends Data from the U.S. Department of Education, National Center for Education Statistics, reported that although socioeconomic disparities were evident, between 2001 and 2005, the percentage of students participating in after-school sports has increased to the highest levels ever. Examining the telly tubby myths and popular assumptions of an obesogenic environment and calls for more physical education for kids, found no relationship between sedentary or physical activities and ‘obesity'. “Yes, children today are surrounded by an array of new and exciting forms of technology, but they have not, as a group, become morally degenerate overnight,” wrote professor Gard. The government's own evidence doesn't support fears that we're a nation of couch potatoes or that sedentary behaviors are a new public health crisis. The latest Behavioral Risk Factor Surveillance System (BRFSS) survey data defused the myth of sloth, showing that activity levels increased between years 2001 and 2005 to 49.7% and 46.7% among men and women, respectively. Previous BFRSS surveys had reported that 31.5% of Americans were supposedly inactive in 1989. The National Health Interview Surveys from the CDC's National Center for Health Statistics, which asks slightly different questions, has also shown that the numbers of us getting regular physical activity rose from 1998 to 2005.
Continued findings that dispel popular beliefs of obesity leave people, including the authors of this latest study, perplexed and tempted to speculate about the cause of the obesity epidemic using another set of anecdotes, rather than consider the more obvious: if they are even asking the right question.
© 2008 Sandy Szwarc
A Mississippi man is behind bars after being accused of raping his 22-year-old daughter multiple times and getting her pregnant.
Jose Antonio Maldonado, 48, of Calhoun County, is charged with first-degree rape, WTVA reported. His bond was set at $100,000. Additional charges are expected.
The victim told police her father started raping while they lived in Florida several years ago. The alleged abuse continued when they moved to Mississippi, police say.
She claims Maldonado is the father of her 8-month-old child.
"Shocked is an understatement," Sheriff Greg Pollan told the news station. "This isn't something we work very often, especially here in Calhoun County."
The investigation is in the early stages, according to the report. Records show Maldonado may be an undocumented immigrant from Mexico, though he claims to have been born in New York.
After several hours of impassioned testimony mostly from opponents to a measure to ban ammo magazines of more than 10 rounds, Colorado's House Judiciary Committee late Tuesday night passed the measure.
But the bill, sponsored by state Rep. Rhonda Fields, D-Aurora, was amended by her colleagues to increase that limit to 15 rounds.
State Rep. Mike McLachlan, D- Durango, who sits on the committee, offered the amendment to, he said, allow citizens to protect themselves.
“Fifteen is a reasonable number, and this is what I'm going to ask in my amendment,” McLachlan said.
Other amendments to the bill also were expected.
The House Judiciary Committee consists of seven Democrats and four Republicans,
Former Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco and Firearms agent David Chipman said a magazine ban is essential.
“It will keep killers from being killing machines,” Chipman said.
In its form at the time of publication, House Bill 1224 prohibits the sale or possession of gun magazines that hold more than 10 rounds or more than five shotgun shells.
The bill says that if an individual already owns a high-capacity magazine on the effective date of the bill's becoming law, then that individual may retain it. Prosecutors would bear the burden of proof that an owner violated the new stricture.
However, manufacturers would still be able to produce these magazines within the state.
Charles Robles traveled from Colorado Springs and said had it not been for a high-capacity magazine, he would not be alive.
“It helped me engage the three men who were shooting at me,” said Robles in reference to a 2002 Memorial Day robbery at his small business. “I was shot five times, but I was able to save my life and fend off my attackers. ”
Doug Smith, chief operating officer of the Colorado-based ammunition magazine manufacturer Magpul, said the measure would force his company to leave Colorado and take with it an estimated $85 million in potential spending this year.
“Passage would devastate the company,” he said of the measure.
State Rep. Daniel Kagan, D-Cherry Hills Village, who chairs the committee, said he did not want Magpul to leave the state.
“I want to protect manufacturing in Colorado,” Kagan said.
But that didn't sit well with Lee Reedy, who traveled from Brighton with his wife to testify.
“It's hypocritical,” Reedy said in an interview. “On one end they're saying we want the jobs and revenue from producing these magazines, but on the other end, they're saying if you live in Colorado, then you can't possess one.”
Kurtis Lee: 303-954-1655, klee@denver post.com or twitter.com/kurtisalee
On reflection perhaps picking a subject as controversial as class for a first book was a bit cocky, particularly given I'm 26 and look about half that (“why isn't Owen Jones doing his paper-round?” asked someone on Twitter when I appeared on Channel 4's now deceased 10 O'Clock Live ). At first I thought the book might just get a cursory mention in the odd column. But as it began to be taken up by every national newspaper I remembered a story I once heard: former Labour leader Hugh Gaitskell's wife turned to him after a speech and said: “The wrong people are clapping.” What if the wrong people (i.e. not the Daily Mail ) started booing?
The book had a straightforward aim: a contribution, no matter how limited or modest, to reopening a debate about class that has been shut down by the political and media establishment throughout my lifetime. But the reality is that the attention Chavs received far exceeded my expectations because class had already crept back on to the agenda. Indeed, if Chavs had been released just three or four years ago, it might have expected about half the coverage, even though the “chav” term was far fresher and – quite possibly – in broader circulation.
Economic crises tend to focus attention on unjust distributions of wealth and power. In the last year, the average working Briton has experienced the biggest squeeze in living standards since the 1920s, while the pay-packet of FTSE 100 executives has gone up by a third: denying class in those circumstances is a form of Flat Earth-ism. And, of course, we currently have a government headed by an Old Etonian, with 22 millionaires (according to one estimate) in the Cabinet, pursuing policies that will hammer many working-class communities. As much as I'd like to take the credit for Chavs' success, it is these circumstances that – above all – attracted so much attention to the book.
One of my frustrations with the book was that people would – inevitably – get bogged down in a debate over the etymology and usage of the word “chav”. This is pretty cheeky on my part: what did I expect, sticking one of the most controversial words in general circulation in big black letters on the front cover? But, above all, the book was aimed at the widespread pernicious myth that “we're all middle-class” now apart from a problematic remaining rump of the working class: “chavs”, if you like.
For example, former Telegraph journalist Simon Heffer put it like this: “Something called the respectable working class has almost died out. What sociologists used to call the working class does not usually work at all, but is sustained by the welfare state.” Now, Heffer would never dream of using the word “chav” – I know that for a fact – but this is an eloquent example of the mainstream thesis that “we're all middle-class – apart from the ‘chavs'”. For the right, it was the idea of everyone being middle-class apart from an “underclass”. For New Labour, it was the so-called “socially excluded” who – it was felt – had a role in their own exclusion.
It's the idea of the old working class collapsing into a morally debauched, feckless rump that the first chapter explored through the case of Shannon Matthews. A little girl had gone missing but, because she was from a poor, working-class family, journalists struggled to empathise and there was far less coverage than of Madeline McCann's disappearance. It was a story about how intense social divisions in human society prevent us from even relating to each other.
When it was discovered that her mother, Karen Matthews, had abducted her to extort money from the tabloid press, open season was declared – not just on her, but against everyone perceived to share her background. The community that had rallied together to find Shannon were compared to the estate on Channel 4's Shameless. The Conservatives used the case to argue it was the tip of an iceberg; and one journalist in the Independent argued: “What was once a working class is now, in some places, an underclass. It is a decline that this unfortunate woman seems to embody.”
Above all, the driving force behind the book was to argue that the real working class had effectively been airbrushed out of existence. Yes, it had changed shape: people were more likely to work in shops, call centres and offices than mines, docks or factories. And yes, the legacy of rapid deindustrialisation has left many communities without secure, skilled, well-paid jobs for a good deal of their inhabitants. But the idea that one part of the working class had shifted into the middle class, while the other had disintegrated into a chaotic rump, was a myth that needed exposing.
All this isn't to bypass how “chav” is used as a word. Many of the radio debates I took part in focused on this side of the story, and I think it was right to highlight its use as a term of class hatred: so-called “backronyms” invented like “Council Housed Associated Vermin”; books such as The Little Book of Chavs which attack people who live on council estates, supermarket workers and even children on free school meals; and websites such as “ChavTowns” which demonise entire communities (such as my own beloved Stockport).
As it turned out, my initial dread about how the book might be received was largely first-time author nerves: the arguments got a fair hearing and I was chuffed with reviews in papers like the Independent, The Times and (most surreal of all) the New York Times. Some of my comrades on the socialist left – from where I hail politically – got a bit suspicious. “Don't you think it's a bit odd that the mainstream press are being so nice about it?” one asked me. I didn't help myself when, as well as cobbling together pieces for newspapers like the Independent, I agreed to write an article plugging the book in the Sun (before its sister paper was found to have hacked into the phones of dead children and terror victims, I should add). That took a bit of soul-searching, but I felt it was a way of pushing my arguments to a mass readership of predominantly working-class people.
In any case, some critics gave me a good old kicking. Rod Liddle described Chavs in the Sunday Times as “the bastard offspring of Private Eye 's Dave Spart and Sue Townsend's Adrian Mole”. I have to admit I laughed at that. I savagely attacked Liddle in the book for chav-bashing Jade Goody and mocking her terminal illness (“A stroke would have made for more dramatic television, but cancer, you have to say, has a certain cachet.”) So, in this case, a hatchet job was more welcome than an endorsement.
Spiked – a curious bunch of ex-Trotskyist-mavericks-turned-libertarian-contrarians – weren't fans, either. The editor, Brendan O'Neill, effectively accused me of being a Labour stooge (news to Jon Cruddas, I'm sure, whose big criticism of the book was that “there appears to be no redeeming element to 13 years of Labour rule”). I was accused of taking a pitying stance, even though the book was an argument in favour of working-class power and representation. And, equally confusingly, I was accused of wanting working-class people to know their place, suggesting to me that O'Neill had overlooked the chapter entitled “A Rigged Society”, about how entire professions had locked working-class people out.
But there were plenty of fair criticisms: like a critically supportive piece by the superb Lynsey Hanley, one of the few working-class journalists around. She felt Chavs had some over-simplifications, and apologised too much for bigotry when seeking to explain the BNP's growth in certain working-class communities.
The debate was always more important than the book. Don't tell my publishers, but I was never desperately hung up on people buying Chavs as long as the issues were debated, even if that meant strongly disagreeing with some of my arguments. The most exciting parts have been people debating class in newspapers, on Twitter, on blogs and in everyday conversations. The discussions and sharing of experiences at each Chavs public meeting have been inspiring and educational.
As well as the specific arguments, though, I had a broader point. I wanted to question the utter absurdity and irrationality of human society being acutely divided by wealth and power. Long after Chavs stops being debated, I hope others keep questioning it too.
Chavs: The Demonisation of the Working Class is published by Verso
So it comes as no surprise that Ezra Levant and The Rebel have been dumped on from all sides after the Charlottesville incident. According to The Rebel reporter who covered the event, she was there against Ezra's wishes, and when it came to light that she had also gone on a podcast produced by the Daily Stormer, she was fired. Levant has renounced the alt-right and vowed to take steps so this sort of thing never happens again, but unfortunately it appears only leftist media can be forgiven for making mistakes.
I have watched Levant's shows for some time, and find him to be mostly fair and truthful. I have never heard him make a racist remark. Unlike mainstream media, he is often critical of Islamic extremism, but also has on his shows moderate Muslims who share his views.
Levant and The Rebel don't always get it right, but I will continue to support them in order to get perspectives that are not found in today's politically correct mainstream media.
Are you always thinking about someone and you want it to stop? Tips on how to overcome your obsessing thoughts. Stop letting an infatuation or an obsession over a girl or guy control your life. Obsessing and constantly thinking about someone is often mistaken for love or being in love with somebody, however they are different things.
The definition or meaning of infatuation
Infatuation is a short term almost obsessive interest in somebody, sometimes confused with love. Infatuation is an irrational need for somebody, similar to a strong crush or lust.
People who are infatuated or obsessed with somebody tend to become blinded by their feelings, only seeing the positive in that person. They often see certain situations to be more special than they really are and assign meaning to things when there is none. They often completely fail to see negative personality traits of the person that they are obsessed with.
Having an infatuation for somebody is an emotional roller coaster. It can cause great joy, happiness and contentment, however it can also be equally bad causing great sadness, stress and emotional pain.
How to know if you are infatuated?
Are you constantly thinking or daydreaming about that person?
Does the thought of being away from them, in another country for example cause you emotional distress?
Do you feel the need to spy on that person, or even stalk them?
Overcome an infatuation & stop obsessing
Love or Infatuation?
Firstly understand the difference between love and infatuation because infatuation is often mistaken for love. Love involves knowing a person very well, understanding their positives and their flaws. Infatuation is blind, irrational and you can be infatuated with somebody you barely know or have never even met.
Are you projecting?
Understand mental projection, because some of these great qualities that we see in someone is largely just projecting our own good qualities onto them. So that would mean in some ways we are actually obsessed with ourselves.
Infatuation is common
Understand your infatuation is not unique. It may seem unique to you, especially if it's the first time you have felt that way, however these feelings are very common. There will be thousands of people feeling the exact same way for someone else. Plus you will probably feel the exact same way for somebody else in the not too distant future (try to avoid this!).
Your Biology
Understand what is happening to your brain when you feel that way. When the infatuation starts your brain starts to produce dopamine which is a natural stimulate, it changes the wiring in our brains, it also increases the body's production of adrenaline. The affect on our brains has been described as similar to the effects of cocaine.
Low self esteem
Work to improve your self esteem and self image. Having a low self esteem can be a big factor in why some people develop infatuations for people. Often people will assign higher social status to others, putting them on a pedestal.
You need to work on being the center of your own universe and being on top of your own pedestal. To help achieve this, you can work on improving yourself, physically and mentally. Those who are high on trait neuroticism can struggle with their confidence and overall negative emotions. See the big five traits for more on this.
Idealistic Fantasy
When we develop an infatuation for somebody, especially if you don't actually know that person very well we create an image of that person, an idealistic version of them. However this idealistic person is nothing more than a fantasy, a creation of our own imagination, we create the perfect person or situation. So the infatuation that can develop for someone is only actually an infatuation with an almost imaginary person, a person that doesn't actually exist.
If that person does something that doesn't fit in with that self created imaginary person or situation, the idealistic image will be broken and the infatuation can disappear just as quickly as it was created.
Inward Thinkers
Some people are naturally more inward thinking and self reflexive than others. If that inward thinking starts to focus on a particular person it can increase the chance of an infatuation developing. Inward thinkers are more likely to overthink a situation and assign meaning to events that might not be there, and more likely to focus their thoughts on a particular person.
There is a personality type known as sensor or intuitive, the strong intuitive types are often in their heads over thinking situations. The strong sensor types are paying a great deal of attention to their surrounding, paying attention to details and living in the moment. Strong sensors are less likely to develop infatuations because they generally don't overthink, they don't have the time to overthink, they're too busy paying attention to the now.
If you're a strong intuitive you can work on your sensing function. To do this, simply start practicing living in the moment, being observant and paying attention to details. You will have to consciously work at this, however it should become more natural in time.
More Tips
Meet new people.
Take up new hobbies.
Create new distractions.
Keep your life busy and active.
Infatuations are simply obsessions that can be very dangerous if they go out of control. Don't let what is only a short term brain chemical reaction affect your life negatively.
Related Articles
Stop being controlling or possessive of your partner.
Save
Save
Save
Save
Save
Save
Save
Save
Save
Save
Save
Save
The new head of the Environmental Protection Agency on Sunday said the "real issue" is how much human activity affects the climate changing.
"There's a warming trend — the climate is changing," Scott Pruitt said on "Fox News Sunday."
"And human activity contributes to that change in some measure. The real issue is how much we contribute to it."
ADVERTISEMENT
Pruitt also questioned what can be done in response to the climate changing.
"What can we do about it?" he said.
"You can't just simply, from the EPA perspective, make that up. You can't do what the [former] president did, previously with the Clean Power Plan, President Obama and his administration, to simply reimagine authority."
Pruitt said carbon dioxide and methane contribute to global warming.
"The issue is how much we contribute to it from a human activity perspective and then what can we're done about it from a process perspective," he said.
He said he thinks the country has "done it better than anybody in the world at burning coal clean, in a clean fashion."
"We have done better than anybody in the world at growing an economy and also being a good steward of our environment," he continued.
"We have nothing to be apologetic about. We're going to operate within the framework of the Clean Air Act and deal with these issues."
Pruitt also praised President Trump for keeping his promise to the American people to roll back executive overreach and blasted the Paris Climate deal as a bad deal for the country.
With the 7.6.2 release of Jetty, the SPDY™ protocol is now supported in the eponymous server. Previously a feature developed for 8.2, it has now been back-ported to 7.6.2 as well as 8.1.2, and future releases of both that and the Hightide application server.
SPDY™ is an evolution of the transport layer for HTTP connections, available by default in Google Chrome and with a config option in Firefox 11. Although not a standard yet, it has been submitted to the IETF as a draft for the httpbis working group. Many of the Google services are available via SPDY, and other public sites (such as Webtide and Twitter) are providing support for the protocol.
SPDY™ works over TLS with an upgrade via the Next Protocol Negotiation proposed enhancement to the TLS specification. As a result, SPDY™ is implicitly a secured protocol; and further, HTTP proxies that currently allow traffic over port 443 that don't perform man-in-the-middle inspection will transparently support the use of the protocol. To understand what benefits SPDY™ will bring, InfoQ caught up with Greg Wilkins and Simone Bordet of the Jetty project to ask them, starting with where the speed advantages of SPDY come from:
Greg Wikins: There are several aspects of SPDY that will give it improved performance. Firstly as it uses a multiplexed connection, the latencies associated with creating new connections (sometimes as many as 6 per browser) will be avoided. Furthermore, by compressing the HTTP headers, it saves many hundreds of bytes on every request/response and as many pages take 10,20 or more requests to render then this represents a significant reduction in data overhead. Furthermore, by reducing the number of connections needed, this reduces the resources needed per client on the server, freeing more memory and CPU to do useful work. Note that it is not all positive. SPDY will require the server to use TLS and compression, so there is CPU/memory to be used for this. However this is the kind of thing that can be easily offloaded to dedicated SPDY intermediaries if that extra CPU becomes an issue. Simone Bordet: Note that multiplexing also brings additional advantages with respect to resource loading. A typical web page has 10-30 secondary resources that are contained in the page and that needs to be fetched from the server. Whereas now a browser can only issue 6 concurrent requests to the same server, with SPDY this limit is removed and the browser is free to open as many multiplexed "streams" as it needs, speeding up page loading considerably, and removing the need for HTTP pipelining. In addition, multiplexed "streams" can be prioritized, favoring more important resources such as CSS over less important resources like favicons. This in turn improves the utilization of the TCP connection, resulting in better TCP performance too. The ability of issuing multiplexed "streams" without the 6 connection limit makes real-time web application (those based on Comet techniques) less tied to implementation details. Whereas now a Comet web application has to make sure to not exhaust the 4-6 connections that the browser allocates, with SPDY this limit does not exist.
InfoQ: Do you have any benchmarks on the performance difference between SPDY and HTTP?
Greg Wilkins: Not yet for Jetty. Google have seen latency improvements of > 60% for page loads, but they have not disclosed how their CPU/memory usage changed. For jetty, our initial implementation does have to deal with a software architecture that was not designed for multiplexed HTTP, so we expect some inefficiencies. However, we are already working on jetty-9, that is specifically rearchitected for SPDY style connections. We hope to have some performance numbers soon and that they will continue to improve a work towards jetty-9.
InfoQ: How does using SPDY affect caching HTTP proxies? Are there plans for a caching SPDY server instead?
Greg Wilkins: There will be a huge impact! Existing HTTP proxies will not be able to see into the SPDY streams, as they are encrypted. However SPDY does include very good support for caching, as it has mechanisms for pushing and hinted content in anticipation of resources that the client is likely to need. But any proxy cache would have to understand SPDY and be part of the SSL session. Thus some TLS extensions are probably going to be needed to allow active intermediaries in a SPDY connection.
InfoQ: Are there any code or configuration changes necessary to support SPDY in Jetty for existing web applications? Is there special configuration required to enable SPDY on the server, or is it a default setting?
Greg Wilkins: SPDY carries HTTP requests, so the applications do not need to change and the request/response semantics remains unchanged. Eventually there may be call to program applications directly to the SPDY layer, but for now it can be considered a transparent change for the application. Simone Bordet: No, existing Java web applications can be deployed into Jetty exactly like before, and will benefit of most SPDY features – such as header compression and stream multiplexing – without any change. Only the server configuration needs to be updated, and the changes are minimal: just replacing the SSL connector with the SPDY connector ( org.eclipse.jetty.spdy.http.HTTPSPDYServerConnector ).
InfoQ: How do clients upgrade their HTTP connection to SPDY? Is this done transparently in Jetty's existing Http client classes?
Greg Wilkins: A SPDY connection is established by opening an TLS connection to port 443 using the Next Prototocol (NPN) extensions. If the server understands the NPN extension, then it will see that a SPDY connection is being offered and it can accept it. Otherwise the connection falls back to a normal https connection. The NPN extension is not yet a standard and is not yet supported by JVMs. Simone has done some really clever work to extend the open JDK classes to support NPN now. Hopefully this will soon become a standard and will eventually be supported in all JVMs. Simone Bordet: We have not integrated SPDY into Jetty's HttpClient yet, but we do offer a pure SPDY client that can be used to perform SPDY calls to SPDY-enabled servers (and therefore the HTTP layering has to be done manually by the client, for now). Another interesting thing of SPDY is that it can push resources to clients before they request it. So, for example, when downloading a static HTML page, the server may be aware that the page contains a CSS resource, a JS script, and various images. The server may start downloading the initial lines of the page, then push the CSS, continue to download one more line, push the JS script, download more lines, push the images, and so on. This will save a lot of roundtrips and result in big savings in page rendering. There is an ongoing discussion about how the server can be aware of these additional resources to push. Solutions range from additional metadata files (e.g. an index.html.spdy file containing the resources to push for index.html ), to runtime profiling of requests by the server, filling a cache-per-resource with the secondary resources that are always requested after the primary resource, etc. Whether servers implement or not these features is up to server implementations, but the point is that SPDY enables a range of server side optimizations that are impossible with plain HTTP. A last note is that in browsers, SPDY is fully integrated in every HTTP aspect of the browser, so not only when requesting pages from the address bar, but also via XMLHttpRequest .
InfoQ: Can clients and servers use SPDY for additional requests, rather than just HTTP, to serve push information for example?
Greg Wilkins: Yes. Well not currently from the browser, but in the server it is possible to access SPDY directly. It remains to be seen if the browser will directly expose SPDY semantics or just continue to hide it below application layers like HTTP and WebSockets.
InfoQ: To be ubiquitous, SPDY will need to be an IETF standard, instead of a Google project. Is there an RFC which explains the protocol in its current stage? If not, do you know when it is likely to happen? Is it a concern that Google owns SPDY as a trademark?
Greg Wilkins: Firstly let me applaud Google for the way they have handled this project. In many ways this could be considered an abuse of Google's market power, as they use their popular web browser and web services to foist a new proprietary protocol on the web, weather we want it or not. On the other side, Google have been very open about their intentions and about the development of the protocol. The protocol has been a Google dev project for over 2 years and the developers there have engaged well with the community to consider feedback and contributions to the design and implementation. It is Google's stated intention to take the protocol to the IETF to be standardised, and they have submitted a draft http://tools.ietf.org/html/draft-mbelshe-httpbis-spdy-00, which is addressed to the httpbis working group. I'm not familiar with the exact time frame for moving forward with standardisation, however I would think that the approach taken so far will fit well with the IETF's preference of standards via rough consensus and working code. So there are indeed some questions about if this is an use or an abuse of Google's market share, but I don't think we need to be overly concerned so long as this moves to the IETF in reasonable time. Importantly there are no "features" of Google's offering that are tied to SPDY. If you don't like it, you are free to block it and you will get the same services over HTTP with a little more latency.
InfoQ: Finally, Jetty also supports WebSockets as a generic communication mechanism, which uses HTTP for its frame transport. Can you explain how SPDY differs from WebSockets, and whether the two are likely to meet in the future?
Greg Wilkins: WebSockets, like HTTP can be considered in two parts: the semantic of the communication exchange and the wire protocol for transporting that semantic. WebSocket introduces bidirectional datagrams to the browser and provides a protocol to transport those to/from the server. Just like SPDY has replaced the wire protocol for HTTP, it can be used to replace the wire protocol for WebSocket. There is already a proposal and beta implementations of WebSocket over SPDY.
SPDY™ is a registered trademark of Google, Inc.
Where's the densest place in the Bay Area, the place where the largest numbers of people can use the smallest numbers of buses? By this logic it's not the hipsters that have chosen to gentrify San Francisco, but the Facebooks and the Googles who are incidentally causing this kind of development through the simple calculus of where they can house the most workers. That those workers are young and educated and lots of them are millionaires is kind of beside the point. Only a map is going to lead you to this kind of thinking. Images: courtesy Stamen Design Instead of thinking about this new 'infrastructure' as just a bunch of buses that were raising the rents nearby (although they certainly were doing that too), we tried to approach our project of mapping the shuttles as a system*, whiteboarded here.* I think it's important that real people had to physically stand on the street and gather data by hand in order to understand the contours of an urban condition with an obvious digital shadow. Cabspotting, a project of the San Francisco Exploratorium's Invisible Dynamics initiative (including Stamen Design among others), traces San Francisco's taxi cabs as they travel throughout the Bay Area. These patterns create a living map of city life -- and reflect how the city is always changing.
Here's an ironic thing: I spend a good part of my day designing maps and data visualizations that represent change, while working out of one of the most change-resistant corners in the city of San Francisco.
>Digital flows of information and the capital that it's generating are having a material input on the physical landscape.
For the past dozen or so years, the 16th and Mission Street BART plaza below the studio where we work has steadfastly hosted a diverse, rotating cast of characters – from drug dealers and preachers to musicians and hipsters, cheek by jowl with families, social activists, Social Security poets (sadly a shrinking population), and, increasingly but haltingly, young workers in the great technology fields to the south.
It's proven a remarkably resilient situation: It was this way when I watched it in 2001, at the nadir of the dot-com crash. And it's this way in 2013, at the mid-point of what some are calling the next big tech boom, the bastard love child of late 1990s Delusion 1.0. Yet the city is just bursting with change these days, if construction is an indicator. When I look out my window, I see at least nine active construction cranes at any given time (and that number would be even higher if it weren't for the new scaffolding blocking my view of the rest of the city).
Neighborhoods that just 10 years ago were once written off as un-developable are seeing barriers to change break down every day. Why? It's tough to point to a single cause, but it seems abundantly clear that digital flows of information and the attendant capital that it's generating are having a material input on the physical urban landscape.
Corporate Shuttles as Symbols – and Conduits – of Change ——————————————————–
It's not an exaggeration to say that the relationship between the traditionally anti-urban values of the suburbs and anti-suburban attitudes of the city is at least partially responsible for this change in San Francisco – and by extension the rest of urban America as it, too, confronts the relentless, tech-centric logic of Silicon Valley.
Take the public transportation provided by corporate shuttle buses from the likes of Apple, Google, Facebook, and others. It's not news that these shuttles, and the big digital tech companies that run them, are changing the fabric of San Francisco as we've known it. What feels new is that it's not enough to say that change is coming soon. It's already, very much here.
It's therefore worth re-examining the specific conduits and corridors by which this change is being delivered. What safer conduit for change outside the public domain is there than a private shuttle bus, and what better corridor is there than its not-so-secret routes?
>Whichever side of this issue you're on, it's worth re-examining the specific conduits and corridors by which this change is being delivered.
Especially given how contentious these shuttles – and the tech industry's effect – on San Francisco have become lately. They're virtually (and arguably physically) dividing the city.
On one hand, some have called the shuttles “a vivid emblem of the tech boom's stratifying effect in the Bay Area” because they allow the “techy progeny” of Silicon Valley to be “launched into SF proper.” That the shuttles are “alienating everyone who isn't in technology” – or that there's simply too much tech for one city to take.
Others are of the mind that it's simply time to get over it and recognize a new reality; cities change, neighborhoods rise and fall. That in fact a paradox of Silicon Valley is in its “distributing meaningful equity” to ordinary people who wouldn't otherwise access such wealth. (And then there's the logic that wonders whether public transportation is yet another bit of infrastructure that should be upended by the Valley's “meritocratic" spirit.)
Whichever side of this issue you're on, it's clear that we're looking at a reversal of the historical norm: The workers that used to live in residential suburbs while commuting to work in the city are now living in the city, while the largest technology companies are based in the suburbs and increasingly draw their labor supply from dense urban neighborhoods.
Looking at this issue through maps can give us, if not answers, at least some talking points and objects to think with. Maps may also provide a way to come to terms with what's happening; there's nothing like seeing it all laid out to provoke both a visceral and logical response.
#### Eric Rodenbeck ##### About [Eric Rodenbeck](http://stamen.com/studio/eric) founded Stamen design in 2001. He was a co-founder of the design collective Umwow, studied architecture at Cooper Union, and earned a B.A. in the History and Philosophy of Technology from The New School. Rodenbeck was named one of Esquire Magazine's "Best and Brightest" new designers and thinkers and one of ID Magazine's top 40 designers to watch, and was also a judge in the Smithsonian's National Design Awards in 2012.
If Maps Could Talk ——————
Last year, my colleagues at Stamen and I used a grant from the ZERO1 Biennial in San Jose (with the support of the James Irvine Foundation) to follow the corporate commuter shuttles around San Francisco, count people getting on and off them, and collate and combine their reports into a map of the area's clandestine private transportation network.
Below is the map. The end result may look polished, especially given the subway-like representation, but it was a scrappy process. It's actually more interesting what the act of making a map can reveal to us.
Before mapping the system, for example, I had assumed that most of the shuttles stopped in the Mission District, a historically working-class neighborhood and ground zero for some of the city's most contentious discussions about gentrification, chain stores, bike lanes, and other of-the-moment urban policy issues. (It's where our studio is, and it's where the shuttles seem the most incongruous.)
But we were completely surprised to find that an even greater number of shuttles roll right through the Mission and into the more traditionally moneyed neighborhoods of Nob Hill, Pacific Heights, and the Marina.
Regardless of how you feel about the existence of this new kind of transportation system, visualizing it provides insight into the forces being shaped and amplified by its deployment into an urban environment. This transportation system is creating new conduits that signal a change: It's not only tech hipsters, but presumably accountants, lawyers, and marketers being swept into the conduit.
In short, it's reverse sprawl*.* [continued below]
Egon Terplan at SPUR, a non-profit organization that promotes good planning and government for the city of San Francisco, suggested a novel way of thinking about the shuttles. That is, conventional wisdom has it that the routes are a way for companies to respond to the desires of young, hip urbanites who want to experience the frisson of urban life in between their shifts down to soulless suburbia.
But when you look at the zoning regulations in Palo Alto, you learn that the tech companies have basically run out of room to build parking lots on their campuses – they can't grow any further using the model of one parking spot per worker. So it's logical that the tech companies would need to use shuttles to bring their workers to campus.
>Only a map is going to lead you to this kind of thinking.
And where's the densest place in the Bay Area, the place where the largest numbers of people can use the smallest numbers of buses? By this logic it's not the youngsters that have chosen San Francisco to gentrify, but the Facebooks and the Googles who are incidentally causing this kind of development through the simple calculus of where they can house the most workers.
That they're young and educated and lots of them are millionaires is kind of beside the point. Only a map is going to lead you to this kind of thinking. It's about more than gentrification as we've experienced it thus far: It's about an entirely reconfigured relationship between density and sprawl, and it's going to need new maps to help us navigate this landscape.
What we're talking about isn't simply the replacement of presumably authentic recent immigrants by their presumably younger, whiter, or better educated new neighbors. What we're talking about is the replacement of an entire system of urban inter-relationships, built up over generations and stratified in ways that make sense within an urban context – now short-circuited by the inexorable demands of the (suburban) digital technology landscape.
For various reasons, the companies that use these buses are reluctant to share the details of where and when they stop. So we first sat at the corner of 18th and Dolores (where “Google” is spray painted on the sidewalk) and counted people getting on the shuttles over the course of a single morning.
>We can know within a minute how long it's going to take for our Uber to arrive – but we can't know where a two-story bus on a residential street is?
Once we realized how easy it was to tell who was getting on the shuttles and how easy it was to find out where they were (using Foursquare), we hatched the idea of using the project commission to hire people (using TaskRabbit) to do the same all over the city. We also hired bike messengers to follow the shuttles and construct the routes they took, and asked them to use our Field Papers project to document the results on paper, since a lot of the stops are in areas you don't necessarily want to be standing in with a laptop for several hours.
Tellingly, some of the tools we used to map this change are part of the digital economy behind much of the change we were documenting. But I think it's important that real people had to stand on corners or ride their bikes down the street, and gather data by hand, in order to understand the contours of an urban condition with such an obvious digital shadow.
Especially when you consider the irony that San Francisco is supposedly among the most wired cities in the country – with its digitally enhanced bridge and gigantic tech sector – and yet can't say, in any official capacity, exactly how many corporate shuttles are using its public streets and changing its rental landscape? Just think about that for a moment: We can know within 20 feet where our friends are on Tuesday night, and we can know within a minute how long it's going to take for an Uber or MUNI to arrive – but we can't know anything about where a gigantic, two-story shuttle bus on a residential street is.
So where does all this leave us? Taken together, maps (and Heraclitus) tell us that nothing is permanent but change. However, another Yuppie Eradication Project showing us how to puncture Volvo and Prius tires along Valencia Street isn't going to help with any of this...
San Francisco, which was born out of the Gold Rush, has been transformed many times over by various other gold rushes – this is just the technology one – and waves of immigrants. In fact, the Mission District that provides a backdrop for my view here was largely Polish and German until the 1960s. What we now think of as “authentic" San Francisco largely rezzed-in during that tumultuous decade, and it's a good bet that the largely working-class Irish residents of pre-1960s Castro had similarly negative things to say about their new Summer-of-Love neighbors.
For better or worse, we're looking at a situation where private networks start to supplant public infrastructure. In the years to come, it will be vital for people who care about cities to not only understand them – but communicate about them in ways we can all understand.
Editor: Sonal Chokshi @smc90
If you want to invoke your constitutional right to remain silent, you'd better not be silent.
That's the circular logic of a recent ruling by the U.S. Supreme Court, which held that simply remaining silent is not enough to protect American citizens from self-incrimination. Though it's received scant media attention, the decision has serious implications for criminal prosecutions, legal experts say. It came on June 17 in Salinas v. Texas, which concerned the nature of police questioning in a 20-year-old murder investigation that led to the conviction of a Houston man.
In January 1993, Genovevo Salinas was brought in for police questioning about the murder of two brothers. Police found shotgun shell casings at the scene, and Salinas -- who was not arrested and not read his Miranda rights -- agreed to let police inspect his shotgun. When police asked if the shells would match his shotgun, Salinas did not answer the question. He stayed silent, looked down at the floor, shuffled his feet and bit his bottom lip.
Salinas was later arrested on an unrelated traffic warrant, at which time police decided there was enough evidence to charge him with the murders. Salinas did not testify at the trial, but his reaction to police questioning -- the fidgeting, lip-biting, etc. -- was used as evidence. In other words, Salinas' silence was used against him, a violation of his Fifth Amendment rights, or so he thought.
Salinas was convicted and received a 20-year sentence. On direct appeal, he argued to the Court of Appeals of Texas that the prosecutors' use of his silence as part of their case was unconstitutional, but the court rejected that argument. The case eventually made its way to the Supreme Court, where in a 5-4 decision last week, the court found that Salinas' self-incrimination privilege had not been violated, mainly because he never flat-out said, “I'm invoking my right to remain silent.” This despite the fact that Salinas was not under arrest at the time of questioning, and was therefore not read his Miranda rights.
From the plurality opinion, written by Justice Samuel Alito:
“Petitioner [Salinas] cannot benefit from that principle because it is undisputed that his interview with police was voluntary. As petitioner himself acknowledges, he agreed to accompany the officers to the station and ‘was free to leave at any time during the interview.' Brief for Petitioner 2 - 3 (internal quotation marks omitted). That places petitioner's situation outside the scope of Miranda and other cases in which we have held that various forms of governmental coercion prevented defendants from voluntarily invoking the privilege.”
The Supreme Court had previously held that mere silence is not sufficient for a suspect to invoke his or her Fifth Amendment rights. The difference here is that Salinas was not a suspect at the time he went silent; he was merely a witness brought in for questioning.
Alito was joined in his opinion by Justice Anthony Kennedy and Chief Justice Roberts. While the ruling has been overshadowed by this week's Supreme Court's decisions on affirmative action, the Voting Rights Act, the Defense of Marriage Act and Prop 8, it's received its share of criticism in both journalistic and legal circles.
Erwin Chemerinsky, dean of First Amendment law at the University of California, Irvine School of Law,wrote on the ABA Journal Tuesday that criminal defense lawyers will now have to take extra care, advising their clients to explicitly speak up if they wish to remain silent. He added that the new ruling is also likely to cause unnecessary confusion.
“Constitutional protections should not be just for those who have legal training and know what they need to say to the police to invoke their rights,” Chemerinsky wrote. “From a common sense perspective, Salinas was penalized for exercising his constitutional right to remain silent in the face of police questioning. This should not be tolerated under the Fifth Amendment.”
Read the full syllabus for Salinas v Texas here.
Seeking to expand its business beyond electric vehicles, Tesla Motors will sell stationary batteries for residential, commercial, and utility use under a new brand, Tesla Energy.
Tesla CEO Elon Musk unveiled the Powerwall battery at the company's design studio in Hawthorne, California, on Thursday.
Tesla is launching the home battery business partly because it's already making vehicle batteries—and as a result it can benefit from the economies of scale that come from making both. Another reason is that the market for storage is expected to grow in concert with the use of solar power. Tesla needs both electric vehicles and solar power to boom if it hopes to fulfill the projected output from a vast $5 billion battery “gigafactory” it's building in Nevada.
“The obvious problem with solar power is that the sun does not shine at night,” Tesla CEO Elon Musk said at the unveiling of the new batteries at the company's design studio in Hawthorne, California, yesterday. “We need to store the energy that is generated during the day so you can use it at night.”
A number of solar companies now offer batteries to accompany their solar panels (see “Solar Power, and Somewhere to Store It”). Although just a tenth of a percent of U.S. homes now get power from rooftop solar panels combined with energy storage, such systems could account for 3 percent of homes by 2018, according to Greentech Media Research.
Tesla's residential battery, called Powerwall, will be available in several months and will come in two sizes, a seven-kilowatt-hour battery system that costs $3,000 and a slightly larger 10-kilowatt-hour system for $3,500. The larger battery would keep an average-sized home running for a day. It is unclear what the cost of installation would be.
Tesla expects that many sales will come from commercial customers who pay a variable rate of electricity over the course of a day based on demand. Such customers already see significant reductions in their energy bills by drawing on stored electricity during periods of peak energy demand.
In the near term, the market for home energy storage will depend on how states regulate homeowners' ability to buy and sell electricity. Net metering, currently available in 43 states, allows residential customers to sell excess generation back to their utility company at retail rates. The policies are being challenged by utility companies that say it undermines their ability to recoup grid infrastructure costs. But as long as net metering continues, consumers will have little need to buy an energy storage system because they can sell the excess solar power they generate rather than store it, says Jay Stein, an analyst with energy consulting company E Source. “I don't see any financial payoff for them to buy batteries,” he says.
Most utilities that offer net metering, however, also allow residential customers to buy and sell electricity at rates that vary throughout the day based on demand. Battery storage would allow such people to maximize the value of the electricity they sell back to the utility.
“There are some arbitrage values emerging,” says Karl Rábago, executive director of the Pace Energy and Climate Center in White Plains, New York. “If I could export selectively, using a storage device, I might beget higher value for my generation.”
Home energy storage will make more sense in the years to come. Residential and commercial solar-plus-storage systems will offer a clear cost advantage over electricity from the grid throughout the United States by 2030, according to a recent report by the Rocky Mountain Institute, an energy research and consulting group.
Tesla's Nevada gigafactory, which it's building with Panasonic, will have an annual production capacity of 35 gigawatt-hours by 2020, more than all the lithium-ion batteries produced globally in 2013.
Such a large investment in what is still a niche market is risky, but Tesla claims that the new factory will cut battery costs by 30 percent when it begins operations, as early as 2016. Tesla's biggest challenge will likely be filling enough orders for the output. By 2020, the plant will be able to produce enough batteries for half a million electric vehicles per year. Last year, Tesla sold around 20,000 cars.
A discovery by a team of researchers led by a Syracuse University physicist sheds new light on how the visual process is initiated. For almost 50 years, scientists have believed that light signals could not be initiated unless special light-receptor molecules in the retinal cells first changed their shape in a process called isomerization. However, the SU research team, which includes researchers from Columbia University, has demonstrated that visual signals can be initiated in the absence of isomerization.
"We have demonstrated that chromophores (light-absorbing substances in retinal photoreceptor molecules), do not have to change shape in order to trigger the visual signal," says Kenneth Foster, professor of physics in SU's College of Arts and Sciences. "The shape-change that results from isomerization is actually the second step in the process. Historically, scientists have focused on isomerization without realizing there is an earlier and more crucial first step."
The research was published online June 23 in the journal Chemistry and Biology and is the cover article for the print version to appear June 24. The work was done in collaboration with Juree Saranak, research assistant professor in the Department of Physics; and Koji Nakanishi, professor of chemistry at Columbia University. Nakanishi's group was responsible for the synthetic chemistry that went into the compounds tested at SU. The National Institutes of Health funded the research.
Chromophores absorb light after it enters the eye, setting off an extremely rapid series of complex molecular changes that enable light signals to be transmitted to, and interpreted by, the brain so that we can visually perceive the world around us. Visual chromophores are composed of retinal (a type of vitamin A), which attaches to a protein (opsin) to form rhodopsin.
Foster's team of researchers discovered that the visual process is initiated by the redistribution of electrons on the chromophores, which occurs during the first few femptoseconds (one-quadrillionth of a second) after light enters the eye. Their experiments showed that when a chromophore absorbs a photon of light, electrons move from the chromophore's "free" end to the place where it attaches to opsin. The movement of the electrons causes a change in the electrical field surrounding the chromophore. That change is detected by nearby amino acids that are highly sensitive to changes in the electrical field. These amino acids, in turn, signal the rest of the rhodopsin molecule to initiate the visual process.
"We found that the complete blocking of isomerization of the chromophore does not preclude vision in our model organism," Foster says. "The signal is triggered as a result of an electronic coupling instead of a geometric change in the chromophore's structure as previously hypothesized. We believe this is a universal mechanism that activates all rhodopsins present in organisms from bacteria to mammals."
Foster attributes his findings to new technologies and scientific information not available 50 years ago when scientists first tried to understand how people see. "Fifty years ago, scientists had little knowledge of the structure of rhodopsins," he says. "Advances in technology have enabled scientists to determine the rhodopsin structure at the level of the amino acids, which enables us to design sensitive experiments to test our hypotheses."
The Green Party of New Orleans enthusiastically supports the efforts of the Landrieu administration to remove monuments to white supremacy from the streets of New Orleans, and we wholeheartedly endorse the efforts of Take Em Down NOLA in pressing the demands of this cause.
As students of history, we know that these monuments were not erected as memorials to the Civil War so much as symbols aiming to reinforce the dominant ideology of white supremacy. The Confederacy, after all, lost the war, and slavery was outlawed; the monuments were designed to say, "Yet still, we rule." They were designed to maintain and reproduce a harsh and rigid racial caste system.
It is time to unequivocally repudiate this oppressive system. Removing these monuments is symbolic of that ongoing effort.
We understand the value of historical artifacts. We call on the City administration to take great care with the monuments, once removed, to ensure that they are placed in a proper educational context, where they can be studied and remembered for what they are.
We are proud of the leading role that liberatory activists in our city have played in the long struggle for justice. At the same time, we recognize that this work is far from complete. As the struggle continues, we aim to work with those who organize and fight for justice and liberty.
Green Party of New Orleans
NEW DELHI: A 15-month-long study commissioned by the law ministry on trials of rape survivors has concluded that the provision under Section 309 of the Code of Criminal Procedure ( CrPC ) to complete a rape trial within two months of filing of the chargesheet was unrealistic.The study said contrary to the provision in Section 309, even the survivor's deposition was not completed in two months. The average time for deposition of the survivor was eight-and-a-half months, which continued beyond 15 months in some cases.“Delays occur for multiple reasons, including late receipt of forensic reports and systemic factors like increasing case load that make delay unavoidable,” the report said.The study emphasised on reforms in the functioning of all agencies that contribute to the trial, as well as a stricter approach to adjournments. “Yet, it is unlikely that an entire trial can be completed in two months,” it said.The report said amendments made in the CrPC, meant to strengthen rape laws and curtail the time taken for trials, were hardly realistic.
The organisers of a banned forum hold a rally in front of the Oct 14, 1976, Memorial with police behind them.
The organisers of a concert and talk show on social issues were "invited" to be questioned about their attitude by police officers and soldiers on Sunday shortly after staging a rally over the media policies of the National Council for Peace and Order (NCPO).
Police stand guard at a rally in front of the Oct 14, 1976 Memorial on Sunday. The protesters released an open letter against the NCPO's meeting ban. (Photo by Thanarak Khoonton)
Five protesters, led by former student leader Nitirat Supsomboon - all wearing black - grouped in front of the Oct 14, 1973 Memorial on Ratchadamneon Avenue with black tape sealing their mouths to send a message of their opposition to the ban on the "Our Plot - Whose Land?" forum.
Mr Nitirat left a space between himself and the four other demonstrators to avoid the martial law prohibition on political gatherings of five people or more. Some supporters in black joined them.
They issued an open letter opposing interference on freedom of expression and vowed not to give up attempts to hold future activities to raise public awareness of the problems the country is facing.
Police and soldiers at the Oct 14, 1976 Memorial on Sunday to block a protest. (Photo by Thanarak Khoonton)
The group had planned to hold a forum to address problems concerning land and community issues at Alliance Francaise on Sunday. The speakers included social critic Sulak Sivaraksa, economist Phasuk Phongpaichit, Tul Waitoonkiat, leader of the Apartment Khun Pa pop band, Prayong Doklamyai, an adviser to the Northern Farmers Federation, and Prue Odochao, a pakakayor minority group member in Chiang Mai who has been campaigning for a people's version of the community forest bill.
They had asked permission for the meeting from the First Cavalry Squadron, King's Guard, which rejected it, reportedly because the army was concerned about some of the speakers.
Pol Lt Col Udom Raksatap, a deputy superintendent of Chana Songkram police station, dispatched about 10 police to join five soldiers blocking the rally by sealing all entrances to the memorial.
The protesters were undeterred and changed their plan by rallying outside the venue for 30 minutes before being taken to the police station.
They were at the station to have "their attitudes adjusted", according to a police officer. All were later released without being charged.
NCPO spokesman Col Winthai Suwaree said the ''invitation'' to go to the police station was carried out in accordance with the operational procedures between soldiers and police. They were there to fine tune their understanding about the right channels for suggestions on reform through the National Reform Council, the spokesman said.
Mr Nitirat said the group had no intention of challenging martial law by holding a gathering on Sunday and had mulled another option to air their message by interviewing the speakers and posting the clips on social media.
The ban came as the media is stepping up calls for the NCPO to end its curb on media freedoms and lift martial law.
'Move out of PoK' India states in new letter to Islamabad
New Delhi
oi-Vicky
New Delhi, Aug 25: India has written yet another letter to Pakistan reiterating that talks would only be on terrorism and Pakistan occupied Kashmir (PoK). The letter written by foreign secretary S Jaishankar states that Islamabad needs to move out of Pakistan occupied Kashmir.
The letter is a reply to Pakistan's foreign secretary Aizaz Choudhary who had invited India to discuss the Kashmir issue. India has, however, maintained that if there are talks with Pakistan it shall be only regarding terrorism and Pakistan occupied Kashmir.
Also read: Modi's new mood: Time to expose Pakistan, liberate PoK
Pakistan had written to India after Prime Minister Narendra Modi had said on Independence Day that human rights violations need to stop at PoK and Balochistan.
Jaishankar had accepted the invite by Pakistan to hold talks but maintained that only Pakistan sponsored terrorism would be discussed and Kashmir will not be on the table.
India has maintained that the issue relating to Kashmir is an internal one. India has also stated that Pakistan has been stoking violence in the Valley apart from helping terrorists infiltrate.
OneIndia News
DANIA BEACH, Fla. - A crowd of about 200 cheered Saturday as a group of 11 Cuban migrants, some of whom were armed, arrived on Hollywood Beach, authorities said.
The migrants came ashore just hours after another group of Cuban migrants made it to Key Biscayne.
The U.S. Coast Guard has intercepted the migrants at sea, according to a news release, and made multiple attempts to divert the boat from coming to shore.
"The migrants were observed to be armed with machetes and large knives and were threatening to harm themselves if their boat was stopped," Hollywood police Officer Meredith Elrich said in the release.
The migrants eventually jumped out of the boat and made their way to shore, police said.
One of the migrants was stunned with a Taser after he ran toward a Hollywood officer, who believed the migrant may have been armed.
"From what I understand, every time law enforcement approached and tried to get near them, they were threatening themselves," Florida Fish and Wildlife Conservation Commission Officer Tyson Matthews said.
All of the migrants were taken to Memorial Regional Hospital for a medical evaluation and were treated for dehydration. They remain in the custody of the U.S. Border Patrol.
Under the U.S. "wet foot, dry foot" policy, Cubans who are intercepted at sea are typically sent back, while those who reach land are typically allowed to stay.
Copyright 2016 by WPLG Local10.com - All rights reserved.
Retired Col. Robert Friend, a former director of the Air Force's nearly 20-year UFO study, Project Blue Book, says that science should continue looking into the mystery of flying saucers.
Friend, assigned in 1958 to direct Blue Book, was charged with trying to determine if UFOs were a threat to national security and whether they could be of scientific interest.
"When I first took over the program, I wrote two staff studies, and in both instances, I recommended that [UFOs] be put into another agency which would give them full scientific investigations and analyses," Friend told The Huffington Post over the weekend at a special lecture titled "Military UFOs: Secrets Revealed."
The event, held at the Smithsonian-affiliated National Atomic Testing Museum in Las Vegas, featured Friend, seen below, three other retired military colonels and a former United Kingdom Ministry of Defense UFO investigator.
These days, the retired 92-year-old colonel acknowledges that he's spoken to more Air Force pilots than most people will ever meet, and he's heard their stories about strange things they've encountered in the sky -- objects that have come very close to their aircraft.
Despite the roughly 700 UFO cases labeled as "unidentified" during the Air Force's investigation of more than 12,000 reports, Blue Book was closed down in 1969. The project's conclusion: UFOs posed no security threat to the nation, nor did they display any technological abilities "beyond the range of present-day scientific knowledge."
But Friend, who was Blue Book director until 1963, didn't totally agree with the official findings.
During his tenure, he unsuccessfully tried to get the UFO issue moved to the Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency as well as to the then-newly created space agency, NASA. He's had conversations with pilots and military officials who tossed the idea around that some UFOs might be alien in origin.
"Yes, there were some people who had those opinions. I, for one, also believe that the probability of there being life elsewhere in this big cosmos is just absolutely out of this world -- I think the probability is there."
Friend, the oldest surviving member of the famous Tuskegee Airmen of World War II, was joined on Saturday at the UFO lecture by the man who served as Friend's chief spokesman for Blue Book between 1961 and 1963, Col. William Coleman.
Watch this video of Colonels Robert Friend and William Coleman
Coleman related an encounter he had with a "classic flying saucer" over Alabama in 1955 while piloting a B-25 bomber. The 75-foot-diameter, circular disc got so close to the ground that it left a trail of dust behind it before vanishing in the sky.
When HuffPost asked Friend if the United States had any vehicle at the time that looked like or could perform the way Coleman described, he quietly said, "No." When further pressed on what Coleman and his crew witnessed, Friend instead cited a different case where an aircraft reported a UFO that turned out to be a meteor.
Yet, the soft-spoken Friend treads carefully when asked if he thinks aliens have already come to Earth.
"Do I believe that we have been visited? No, I don't believe that," he said. "And the reason I don't believe it is because I can't conceive of any of the ways in which we could overcome some of these things: How much food would you have to take with you on a trip for 22 years through space? How much fuel would you need? How much oxygen or other things to sustain life do you have to have?"
But would those same issues apply equally to an advanced civilization that may have already overcome the hazards of traveling through interstellar space?
Either way, Friend would like to see an ongoing scientific investigation of UFOs.
"I think that anytime there's a possibility of scientific pay dirt from studying these phenomena, that yes, it would be much better if the government or some other agency was to take on these things and to pursue the scientific aspects of it."
Check out these UFO videos from around the world
If those who feel that the reason ESPN is sliding off the cliff is their insistence for waxing political while ignoring sports needed ammunition, they've got it now: a famed ESPN host who has served the network for 25 years agrees with them.
On Thursday, SportsCenter anchor Linda Cohn admitted that the huge staff reductions announced this week are a result of the network's penchant for broadcasting politics instead of sports.
Appearing on 77 WABC's Bernie and Sid Show, Cohn said one reason for the cutbacks was the political nature of the network's programming. She stated, “That is definitely a percentage of it. I don't know how big a percentage, but if anyone wants to ignore that fact, they're blind.”
When asked if ESPN's coverage of athletes such as Colin Kaepernick and Caitlyn Jenner was a factor in the network's plunge, Cohn agreed. The issue of Jenner's 2015 ESPY Arthur Ashe Award surfaced, raising the question of why Jenner was chosen instead of basketball player Lauren Hill from Mount St. Joseph University, who battled cancer before dying three months before the ESPY ceremony and was honored with the cover of Wheaties cereal before she died, or marathoner Noah Galloway — who lost an arm and a leg in the Iraq War.
Cohn said defensively, “You know, when you work for a big company, you have to follow in line, you have to pay the bills. But you just kind of look in the mirror and do what you think is right no matter what else is going on around you. And that's what I always tried to do.”
Mike Williams By Mike WilliamsReviews Editor Got a news tip? Is there something you think we should be reporting on? Email news@usgamer.net.
Behold Studios, the developers behind Knights of Pen and Paper, have been working on their next game for a while now. Chroma Squad is tactical strategy game that's also a parody send-up of the entire tokusatsu genre, including Super Sentai, Kamen Rider, Ultraman, and Godzilla. It was successfully Kickstarted in August of last year and since then Behold has shown off early build at shows like PAX and GDC.
Players take control of a film studio that makes its own independent sentai. You choose your actors (they have their own stats), abilities, costumes, colors, and more. Then you head out and shoot some episodes pitting you against sentai-style monsters. The better you do, the more money you make, which allows you to improve your sentai team and your studio. From what I've played, it's a light, fun, strategy game, with a lot of love for the source material.
Yesterday, Behold Studios' clued backers into a possible problem affecting Chroma Squad.
"The producer and attorneys from Saban, the company that owns the rights for Power Rangers in the West, have been in contact with us for a while now," the backer-only update explains. "This week they've contacted us to offer a deal. They see two options in this negotiation: the first one being using the court to make sure that our game wouldn't get released. The second option would be that they would join our project with a royalty share. We both prefer the second option, considering that going into court would would be painful for both sides."
"You all know that our game is inspired by something much broader than Power Rangers," continues the post. "We're talking about an amazing Sentai culture that is mostly Japanese, but got even bigger with fan from around the world. We're talking about tokusatsu in general, Japanese superheroes, anime, Kamen Rider; everything that inspired us very much in our childhood and continue to inspire us now."
Chroma Squad and tokusatsu fans were not happy about the news, which looks like the Goliath stepping in to snuff out David. Saban Brands owner and original Power Rangers creator Haim Saban has a net worth of $3.3 billion. The company is a direct partner with Toei Company, the owner of the Super Sentai and Kamen Rider properties. In contrast, Behold Studios is a small studio in Brazil, so fans are worried the Power Rangers juggernaut could leave Chroma Squad without a release. Behold Studios later clarified on their forums that Saban did not threaten the team or the game.
"All conversations were very friendly and they didn't threaten us at any time. And since we are trying to get into a thing together, we won't be able to talk further into these aspects because of the negotiation itself and it would be unethical to do so," said Behold Studio's Guilherme "Gui" Mazzaro on the game's forums.
I reached out to Behold Studios' Saulo Camarotti to see if the situation is as bad as fans think. Camarotti was clear that Behold considers Chroma Squad a complete parody and it's not intended to infringe on any copyrights. He admits that he was "sort of" surprised by Saban paying Chroma Squad any attention.
"Sentai is a genre, and it was not created by them," Camarotti told me. "And considering that we're a studio in Brazil with six people, why bother?"
With the fact that Chroma Squad is a parody work, I asked Camarotti why he's negotiating with Saban at all? He reiterated that Behold believes there can be a "win-win negotiation" with Saban Brands and he doesn't want to start a lengthy legal battle. Remember, six developers versus a billionaire.
According to Camarotti, the negotiations are going well and he believes that Saban and Behold can come to amicable terms. On the bright side, a full partnership with Saban means that Power Rangers/Super Sentai content could legally find its way into Chroma Squad.
"That's what we're trying to arrange," Camarotti admitted when I asked him about the possibility.
Ultimately, Behold's discussions with Saban Brands has not delayed development of Chroma Squad; the studio is still moving full speed ahead. Camarotti also thanked the fans of Chroma Squad and tokusatsu for having their backs on the internet.
"This week we're releasing a new version [of Chroma Squad] for the backers, and in the end of summer we'll release the game on Steam," said Camarotti. "I think that the fans don't need to be to harsh on Saban. They have a strong brand and they need to protect it. But I'm glad that everyone is helping us on this matter."
I also reached out to Saban Brands for comment, but they had not responded at press time. I will update the story if they release a statement.
(Newser) – Reddit's ex-talent director is speaking out for the first time since she was unceremoniously fired last week. In a post on Reddit (obviously), Victoria Taylor, who ran "Ask Me Anything" interviews, writes that her weekend was "interesting, to say the least" but gives no details on why she was let go. Instead, she says she's figuring out what's next for her and thanks the Reddit community for its support and for showing that "your voices matter." In a since-deleted post on Quora—Gawker has a screenshot—the site's business and community leader Marc Bodnick did probe the reasons behind her departure. After speaking to "someone close to Reddit," he wrote that Taylor was hesitant to experiment with new AMA formats, including video, which management wanted. Bodnick also confirmed Reddit fired Taylor without notifying moderators, who were peeved.
In a New York Times op-ed, two moderators explain exactly why they were upset and shut down the AMA subreddit. First, Reddit removed Taylor "without warning or providing alternative resources," they write. They say they first learned of her termination when an AMA guest turned up at Reddit's New York office to find "a canceled appointment and no backup support. Our team got a panicked message—and we had no real idea what was going on." While interim CEO Ellen Pao has put the issue down to miscommunication, the moderators say there was no communication at all. "Moderators and AMA guests were left stranded" by a move that shows "a reckless disregard for the company's own business and for the work the moderators and users put into the site," they write. "Dismissing Victoria Taylor was part of a long pattern of insisting the community and the moderators do more with less." (Many Redditors are unhappy with Pao.)
British couple Lenny and Meriel Lenfesteys build tiny figures they call “sparebots” from LEDs, resistors, capacitors, wire and other electronic spare parts. The models are only three to four centimeters high.
Lenny says: "I started doing the models with my wife about two years ago, but to be honest I kind of took over after a while because she has much better things to do. We first started making the models when we got an electronics kit and then it sort of went on from there"
"Because of the tiny scale it is tricky to set up the right poses. It can take several hours before I have something I am happy with to shoot and I never like to use the same combination of parts for each figure"
via Telegraph and Avaxnews
One of the anti-gay movement's favorite pieces of ammunition is a 2012 study by University of Texas professor Mark Regnerus purporting to find that the children of gay and lesbian people are more likely to suffer negative outcomes, including drug abuse, poor school performance, and child abuse.
As soon as Regnerus's “New Family Structures” study was released, fellow social scientists began picking apart Regnerus's data, pointing out that barely any of the people that he interviewed had actually been raised by same-sex couples and that he failed to control for factors like family instability. Regnerus himself has acknowledged that his study didn't actually say anything about parenting by stable same-sex couples, but that hasn't stopped the anti-gay right from using it to bolster its case against marriage equality…and Regnerus from providing testimony in court cases against gay marriage.
This week, the Daily Texan, the newspaper of the University of Texas at Austin, published documents it had obtained from an internal review of Regnerus's study that found a series of methodological flaws to the research.
The findings were summed up by the dean of UT's College of Liberal Arts, Randy Diehl, who noted that while the school wouldn't conduct an ethics investigation into Regnerus's work, “no policy implications about same-sex parenting should be drawn from the study”:
The post-tenure review committee met again in January of this year and was tasked by Diehl with considering only methodological problems. Based on this charge, the committee found the following, as summarized and endorsed by Diehl: “Valid methodological concerns have been raised. … A key one is this: Because the design of the study ensured that the parental same-sex relationship variable was confounded with the family structure stability variable, it is not possible to conclude that the different life outcomes between the two groups were caused by the parental relationship variable.” Diehl, citing this finding and Regnerus' original caution that the article did not deal with same-sex marriage legal rights, agreed that “no policy implications about same-sex parenting should be drawn from the study.” But the fact is Regnerus did use those findings in court.
Specifically, UT's review found what other critics had noted: that the Regnerus study was not about same-sex parenting, but about family instability. From Diehl's summary:
– The design of the NFS [New Family Structures] study survey instrument guaranteed that any participant who reported that their parent participated in a same-sex romantic relationship would have also experienced some form of family instability. -Increased likelihood of negative outcomes for children who experience family instability are well-documented within existing scholarly literature.
Nobody is arguing that it isn't difficult to find large-scale data about children raised by same-sex parents – even Regnerus has acknowledged some of his study's shortcomings. But the problem with the Regnerus study is that the anti-gay Right continues to insist it proves a case against marriage equality – no matter how often that interpretation is debunked.
I grew up in a very small town in Missouri during part of my childhood. That little patch of land had one cotton gin, cotton fields that surrounded everything with dirt roads and ditches alongside them. Having moved from near Pittsburgh to be there, I was, in the estimation of my teachers, advanced in my learning and skills. This was sixth grade, mind you, so I had about as much intelligence as most of the kids in my previous school.
Living there, I got a good picture of what it was like associating with children that weren't as academically challenged as I had been. In fact, it was at first very complimentary to hear I was an excellent pupil, but after a time, I really wanted less attention, to fit in with my friends, who were mostly boys that thought the greatest achievement was the number of swats given by the gym coach they accumulated over the course of the semester.
What life was like outside of class was hard work in my grandfather's scrapyard, hunting, and learning the skills needed to excel as a country boy: how to hone my knife, how to tell what kind of metal I was holding in my hand -- I always carried a magnet -- how to clean a shotgun and make fishing sinkers from molds into which we poured molten lead. So, why was there any need for any more education than to learn to add, subtract and read reasonably well?
That's how I view Yamacraw. Just what was it those children needed to survive in the environment they were accustomed? Not much. To advance, they had to have experiences and knowledge that created other thoughts, experiences and dreams. And that is exactly what Pat Conroy took to their island, the map to a new life full of more insight than they could have ever thought possible. Plus, he did it in the most extraordinary ways with field trips, slides and movies that were never before used, just stashed away in a seldom opened closet. Seeing those tools, Mr. Conrack knew just what to do. With whatever he had, he made use of it, and always, in his most amazing speeches turned experiences into learning. I envy that talent.
So, if you want to read a book that will both entertain and teach, as well as give you a few good laughs, read this book, then go on to read even more of this brilliant writer's books, for he was, and still is, an American treasure.
My last blog post was wrong. As of a week ago, it does matter who is elected president. That's because one of the candidates has openly called for a new investigation into the crimes of 9/11.
In a recent statement on the subject, Jill Stein made the following important comments and promises:
“The families and friends of those who were murdered on 9/11 deserve justice. They also deserve to know the truth.”
“Under our administration a new inquiry would have access to the considerable body of responsible independent research that has emerged over the last 15 years.”
“We would create an independent 9/11 Commission, not one dominated by members with an interest in protecting the reputation and careers of foreign affairs and intelligence communities.”
“It's time for a full accounting of what happened, and an end to the misguided post-9/11 wars that are actually making us less safe, not more safe.”
In May, a national poll showed that, “An unprecedented 91 percent of voters 28 or younger favor having an independent on the ballot, and 65 percent of respondents are willing to support a candidate who isn't Clinton or Trump.”
Jill Stein is on the ballot in 44 states. It's not clear what chance she has given the serious, inherent problems with the U.S. voting process and electronic voting machines. But she is the only candidate discussing what matters to the American people as opposed to what matters to the ruling oligarchy.
As Gore Vidal once said, “There is only one party in the United States, the Property Party … and it has two right wings: Republican and Democrat.” Moving away from that sad and dangerous state of affairs will not be easy but supporting courageous voices in the national discussion helps. To that end, people who want real change need to send the oligarchs a strong message on November 6 by supporting Jill Stein and the Green Party.
Kevin Ryan blogs at Dig Within.
Matt Miazga's development as a professional soccer player continues to follow an increasingly steep and startling upward trajectory. We knew he was good: he is not yet 20 and he has played for the national youth teams of two countries (USA and Poland); former New York Red Bulls sporting director Andy Roxburgh described battling Bundesliga clubs for the privilege of signing Miazga to his first pro contract; he has been a regular starter for the USA U-20 men's national team for U-20 World Cup qualifying, preparations and competition; he has logged more minutes (881), starts (10) and appearances (12) in MLS this season than in his previous two seasons combined.
Miazga is coming of age before our eyes. His latest outing - against NYCFC on June 28 - was perhaps the most assured we've seen from him for RBNY. He spent most of the game essentially man-marking David Villa, handling the assignment very well. Villa saw plenty of the ball and fashioned six shots, but only one was on target and it didn't find the net.
Meanwhile, Miazga also found time to get up the field and score his first goal in MLS...
...giving rise to his first goal celebration.
So the young defender is making a lot of noise at the moment. Surprisingly, the rumor mill is not.
It has long been clear that Miazga is being closely monitored by Papa Red Bull. He had a trial with RB Leipzig shortly before signing his first contract with RBNY in early 2013. In January of this year, he was whisked off to Qatar to participate in joint training camp being held by Salzburg and Leipzig. Papa has an eye on Miazga.
But what about other clubs? We are approaching the rumor mill's summer peak. Here is a rapidly emerging player with U-20 World Cup experience, who seems to be getting better with every game. He was allegedly in the frame for a Polish national team call-up earlier this year (likely just to test his growing allegiance to the USA, but still - that's a big deal for a 19-year-old who, at the time, had scarcely logged 1,000 competitive minutes as a professional). No one but Red Bull is looking at this kid?
Of course he's getting looks from other clubs. But the rumor mill has paid scant attention to him up to this point. That may be about to change. Until recently, the only outlet regularly transmitting any whispers connecting Miazga to teams outside the Red Bull system was Twitter handle @MLSTransfers, which claimed German clubs Bochum and Stuttgart had scouts watching the player in New Zealand.
Source: Bochum and Stuttgart scouting Miazga at U-20 World Cup. — MLS Transfers (@MLSTransfers) May 30, 2015
No one touched that rumor. But before the game against NYCFC, @MLSTransfers suggested there was renewed activity on the Miazga front:
Confirmed: RB Leipzig and Stuttgart coaches will be in attendance today. Supposedly both viewing Matt Miazga. — MLS Transfers (@MLSTransfers) June 28, 2015
We can assume Leipzig is pretty much always keeping an eye on the player. The Stuttgart whisper is interesting because it implies the club might have liked what it saw in New Zealand and come back for another look. And there is one more team @MLSTransfers believes to be contemplating hopping aboard the Miazga hype train:
That rumor has got some attention. Swansea City blogs have seized on it.
We haven't heard a lot about interest in Miazga from outside the Red Bull circle of synergy, but that may be about to change. There is an EPL club in the mix now, and that brings with it English (and Welsh) newspapers. Brace yourself, RBNY fans: the Miazga rumor mill could be about to get busy.
CLOSE Before her suspension, Dr. Larycia Hawkins had already received attention for choosing to wear a hijab during the Advent season to show support for Muslims. VPC
Wheaton College associate professor Larycia Hawkins listens to a question during a news conference Wednesday, Dec. 16, 2015, in Chicago. Hawkins, a Christian teaching political science at the private evangelical school west of Chicago, was put on leave Tuesday. In recent days, she began wearing a hijab, the headscarf worn by some Muslim women, to counter what she called the "vitriolic" rhetoric against Muslims in recent weeks. (Photo11: AP)
CHICAGO — Wheaton College has suspended a political science professor who said her fellow Christians and Muslims worship the same God.
The prominent Christian college's decision, which sparked protest on campus Wednesday, came days after Larycia Hawkins, a tenured professor, received attention in Christian media outlets after announcing she would wear a traditional headscarf, known as a hijab, through the Christian Advent season. Wearing the hijab is part of her personal effort to show solidarity with Muslims, who have faced backlash in the aftermath of recent mass shootings in San Bernardino, Calif. and Paris.
In subsequent comments she made on her Facebook page, Hawkins said that the act was meant to show support for Muslims, whom she called "people of the book." She also paraphrased comments recently made by Pope Francis that Christians and Muslims worship the same God.
After Hawkins' decision to wear a hijab received attention, the college issued a statement last week noting it "has no stated position on the wearing of headscarves as a gesture of care and concern."
But Wheaton officials on Tuesday evening announced they were placing Hawkins on administrative leave "in response to significant questions regarding the theological implications of statements" she made about the relationship between Islam and Christianity.
"Wheaton College faculty and staff make a commitment to accept and model our institution's faith foundations with integrity, compassion and theological clarity," the college said in a statement. "As they participate in various causes, it is essential that faculty and staff engage in and speak about public issues in ways that faithfully represent the College's evangelical statement of faith."
Hawkins on Wednesday said she stands by her comments and suggested they did not conflict with the college's statement of faith, which underscores that a biblical perspective informs a Wheaton education.
"In the spirit of Advent, my actions were motivated by a desire to live out my faith," said Hawkins, who is a Christian. "And to live out my faith in solidarity with my neighbor, who is a Muslim. That's what it's about."
By early Wednesday evening, more than 1,200 people, including current students and alumni, signed a petition launched at Change.org calling on the college to reinstate Hawkins. Several prominent Chicago area clergy also offered support for the professor.
"No one should face suspension for what was an act of love," Carter Harms, a student from Dallas, Texas, said.
But Samantha Harris, a director of policy research at the campus free speech advocacy group FIRE, said Hawkins, though tenured, likely does not have any legal recourse she can take against Wheaton.
"Private institutions, being private institutions, have the right under the freedom of association to restrict themselves to like-minded individuals," Harris said. "What a case like this illustrates is that, particularly when it comes to private colleges, students and faculty need to take a close look and think about what a school thinks about free speech and what the implications of that may mean."
The move by the college prompted dozens of students, who are in the middle of final exams for the semester, to hold a "sit-in" at the college's administrative building and call on college President Philip Ryken and Provost Stan Jones to reverse their decision.
John Schmalzbauer, a 1990 graduate of Wheaton College who is a religious studies professor at Missouri State University, said the school's decision was particularly galling because Hawkins' statements were very similar to statements made by one of the school's most famous graduates, Rev. Billy Graham, and other influential Evangelical pastors.
Graham in a 2007 television appearance suggested that God accepts Muslims and followers of other religions. And several high-ranking Wheaton officials were among the signatories of a 2007 Christian-Muslim statement of understanding, which notes Christianity and Islam's "unique devotion to one God, indeed the love of God, as the primary duty of every believer." Three of the Wheaton College officials, including the current provost, later withdrew their support after the statement of understanding was criticized by some preeminent evangelical scholars.
"I think at one end, and I don't think it's at the far end of the spectrum, a pretty sizable (segment) of Evangelical scholars would be comfortable with what she said," said Schmalzbauer, who signed a petition calling for the school to reinstate Hawkins. "Indeed, they have had speakers come to Wheaton College...and really advocate a similar point of view. But there's also really a part of the Evangelical world that thinks this is really risky theologically and confuses categories and so forth."
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1YlWaww
A prototype is a preliminary model of something. Projects that offer physical products need to show backers documentation of a working prototype. This gallery features photos, videos, and other visual documentation that will give backers a sense of what's been accomplished so far and what's left to do. Though the development process can vary for each project, these are the stages we typically see:
About
About the project
Everyone's kitchens can be busy places and we like to leave notes for people, to have a calendar shared with others, to show photo's, postcards, drawings and memories made together. We like to check news and weather on the way out in the mornings and use the internet for recipes, videos and just entertainment in the evenings. This fridge offers a new way to do all of these by taking a device we've all got already plugged in 24-7 and opened 15-20 times a day to bring all these features to your kitchen.
Product key features
The CM1 connected through your home wifi allows you to browse the web using your phone as a remote control. You could search for recipes, check your favourite sites or just browse while the stirring the food. The high resolution portrait format is very handy for browsing pages where most of the content is accessed by a vertical scrolling such as recipe sites.
The CM1 plays video from local sources or network accessible sources on the portrait screen. The orientation and location of the video is matched to the portrait screen and you can set the position of landscape playing to be top or bottom of the portrait screen. The high brightness LCD screen in 1920x1080 gives bright images at a wide viewing angle. Linked via bluetooth to a speaker system you can have the level of sound you want to accompany the videos.
Linked with your Bluetooth speakers of choice, you can access local or networked audio files and web accessed audio streams such as podcasts and radio. Control the volume, the track playing and the source of the music from your phone. See track and artist or station information on the fridge screen.
The calendar function holds a family calendar which can be linked with personal calendars. You can add events with different color coding, set reminders and expiry dates for events. You can set the view to emphasise the week coming up, today and tomorrow or the whole month. Those with the app in your household can view and edit the reminders.
Fridges are great places to leave notes as everyone goes to the fridge time and time again during the day. The CM1 notes function links with the calendar and when you add a note through your phone, you can set this to appear on the home-screen, to appear for a fixed time or even to appear at a fixed time. You can pick your color, font and size and use this on all your notes. You can set the CM1 to have notes appear when playing some media such as audio streaming but not get in the way of full screen video.
Don't limit your kitchen gallery to the surface area of your fridge. Show hundreds photos and short videos from your phone, your cloud storage or local storage on the CM1 door. Select your favourite images for a slideshow or just leave it rolling through your forgotten moments from holidays, trips and events.
When you've told it where you are and what you're interested in, the CM1 can provide you with streams of information from news and weather sources to get the info you want on screen. You can set a news or weather stream to add to your home screen so you have the information ready to read when you see the fridge.
Although the fridge is powered continuously, the CM1 screen can be set to power down at certain times of the day, after a certain period with no activity or following a press on the frame in a certain place. You can also wake it up using these controls, so it's ready with your default screen when you head into the kitchen in the morning. You can also set the CM1 to select a specific screen, or a specific application after a defined time.
Behind everything, the CM1 is a fridge. Glass shelves, door shelves and a vegetable crisper all come in a quiet, energy efficient A+ rated device.
How do I use it?
The CM1 is intended to be easy and intuitive to use. There should be no need to spend hours configuring the device and you should be up and running very quickly. Once the wifi is configured and the phone app is paired to your CM1 you can control the features as follows.
Refrigeration settings are all on the inside of the fridge and operate as set when the power is on.
Wake and Sleep modes can be controlled with a touch of the screen frame or by the phone .
Selecting applications and functions in applications can be done with the phone app using the navigation and select buttons.
Entering web-addresses, usernames or search terms can be done through the phone keyboard.
Content to view, play or listen to can be provided with USB memory stick or through access to local network drives.
Compatibility:
iPhone, iPod and iPad running iOS 10 and beyond
Android devices running OS 6.0 and beyond
Technical Specification
Rewards and packages
Hinge Choices are either left hinge (Right Opening) or right hinge (Left Opening)
Shipping
Free shipping in the US, UK and EU. Shipping to Canada and Mexico is an additional £20. Shipping to Australia and New Zealand is an additional £100. For shipping outside of these areas please contact us for more information.
Stretch Goal
If we are lucky enough, and you are wonderful enough, to back this project to £750k or more in pledges we will provide a free Chill Media Bluetooth speaker with every CM1 that we ship!
Product journey
How did we come to this? We know everyone uses one every day, it's always powered on and it is boring. So boring we cover them up with door-panels, stickers, magnets, notes and pictures. We have been trying to make fridges more exciting since 2012.
We've tinkered with different fun things to do with fridges for a while, both inside and outside the kitchen. This took us to the customizable guitar amp fridge and other variations which although very cool, were not appealing or clever enough.
What came before the CM1
We loved the idea of letting you decide what your fridge looked like and we then came up with the idea of changing the look of your fridge with a massive screen. Taking up almost all of the door, you can change how you look at your fridge every-day.
We made one and then we got to see just how cool it was. There are so many things we do in a kitchen and the fridge typically plays a role in only one or two of them, keeping stuff cold and displaying notes. We thought now we've got a screen on a fridge, let's use it to make life in the kitchen simpler.
Our CM1 Prototype
You'll need an HTML5 capable browser to see this content. Play Replay with sound Play with
sound 00:00 00:00 Off
English
We spent time and effort to get the fridge door screen to play video, photo-slideshows, browse, stream videos and music and play audio files.
Timeline
This is where the prototype is now. What we need now is your support to turn this one smart fridge in to hundreds and finalize the features and functions of the CM1, so everyone can use them straight out of the box. The backers of this project will get to be included in the major project milestones and see from our updates how the project evolves. With your support and backing we can get this from a one-off which is cool to have in our offices to hundreds of people in hundreds of homes where we can find out how this works to change how people use the fridge and the kitchen.
-Production costs
We have one very expensive CM1 prototype and to make hundreds more to build a community of CM1 users will need large orders and large amounts of money. This is where the pledge money will go, buying, fitting, testing and shipping the rather large, rather cool items.
-Development costs
The prototype works well but the hardware needs refreshing to ensure we're up to date and the software needs polishing to be ready for all sorts of challenges in the varied environments it will be in, so the backers can have a really good experience using the CM1.
The team
Nick Bortone - Managing Director
An experienced entrepreneur and engineer, Nick first conceived of the CM1 and has put loads of effort in to finding out what people wanted, how you might want to use the fridge and building a team which can make it a reality.
Alex Roskoss - Technical Manager
Joining the team with a background in technology product development Alex brings hardware, software and refrigeration knowledge to the project. He's keen to drive the project to deliver the CM1 and see how people live with it.
Jonathon Stelling - Product Developer
With a keen eye for design and details, Jonathon has brought perspective and his own passion for technology to the project. Working to control the development and build a foundation for the move to production his efforts have been relentless.
Social media
www.chill-media.com
Press Kit
If you're a member of the press looking for info or media assets, please download our press kit here, or contact us at press@chill-media.com.
MG has flagged big changes to its Australian operations following an almost non-existent opening 12 months of local trading, believed to stem from setbacks in gaining compliance to sell cars.
The ambitious Chinese brand says it sold “fewer than 50 vehicles” since being introduced to the Australian market last year, something difficult to ascertain as MG (along with some other smaller brands) does not volunteer its sales figures to the Federal Chamber of Automotive Industries. MG (or Morris Garages) re-emerged on the local market under the ownership of one of China's largest carmakers, SAIC Motor Corporation Limited.
Fairfax Media has been told by industry sources that MG has been prevented in selling its lone offering, the MG6 sedan, because it cannot meet Australian compliance on three separate issues.
Official documents show the carmaker was given conditional approval to import the MG6 in 2012. However, it's understood additional mandatory checks on the cars found issues that prevented their sale.
“SAIC Motor Corporation Ltd received approval for the MG6 variants in 2012, with some amendments to the approval made subsequently as per standard certification processes,” a spokesperson for the Department of Infrastructure and Regional Development said.
“Any queries relating to the supply of vehicles or vehicle specifications should be referred to the manufacturer or distributor.”
MG Australia spokesman Andrew Shaw vehemently denied the MG6 had shortfalls in local compliance, and instead put the lack of sales down to the model's manual-only transmission and troubles around local franchising.
“Because we're backed by the Chinese government and we're not a private company, we are very aware of all of our responsibilities and we are making sure that we are keeping up with compliance all the time … We're certainly keeping on top of all of it,” he said.
Asked specifically whether the compliance issues had prevented MG from selling vehicles in Australia, Shaw said: “No, not at all. We're on top of all of our compliance; we don't have a single problem with compliance in Australia at this very moment.
“I'm not going to be specific, because there's no need to be, all I'm saying is I think you wouldn't be able to find us being uncompliant. It's not been an issue really.”
Millions of dollars worth or MG stock - upwards of 300 cars - is believed to be currently laying dormant in locations including the brand's lone Australian dealership, a former Rick Damelian site on Sydney's Parramatta Road.
Shaw said none of those cars would be distributed to new dealers to sell to customers.
“Those cars in Petersham are only going to be used for service vehicles and demonstrators, we're going to insist that dealers are only buying MY14 [model year 2014] stock to sell to their customers,” he said.
“It's our problem to get rid of the remaining cars. All I can tell you is we are telling dealers we would like them to order MY14 cars to sell.”
To curtail the problem, Shaw said the local arm is preparing to take order of new vehicles in the coming weeks.
Among the new models to be introduced this year will be an automatic version of the MG6 as well as the diminutive MG3 city car, expected to be priced from about $16,000, plus on-road and dealer costs.
“What MG have done is they've now sub-contracted all of the right-hand drive manufacturing from the middle of this year to a manufacturer in Thailand,” he explained. “That will speed everything up tremendously, the current vehicles are built in Shanghai.”
Shaw said plans were afoot to expand MG's dealership network to more than 10 different sites.
Despite the setbacks, Shaw insisted MG was in Australia for the long haul.
“We've got owners and a manufacturer with deep pockets and a lot of patience, and they know they need to bring in more products in line with what Australians want to drive,” he said.
“We're really waiting for that second car to arrive so that we have more than the one-car offering, which has obviously been difficult to sell.”
The Reuters poll methodology has been largely criticized as favoring Hillary after the option of "neither" was removed from the survey resulting in the over measuring of unenthusiastic support for the less controversial Clinton.
Donald Trump's miraculous comeback from the graveyard of political flame-outs nears completion with the truculent tycoon scoring big in the latest Reuters-Ipsos poll that showed him 1 point ahead of Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton in the wake of a major campaign shakeup, attempts to reach out beyond his primary election base, and yet another week of controversy that dogged the former Secretary of State.
© AFP 2018 / Nicholas KAMM Media Blackout: FBI Defends Hillary's False Statements as Result of Brain Damage
On August 23, only ten days ago, Hillary Clinton held a prohibitive lead over Donald Trump of 12 points – a margin less than 3 months out from election day that has never been overcome by a political challenger in the history of US elections. At the time, the poll showed that Hillary Clinton had the support of 45% of the electorate whereas Donald Trump had secured an almost pathetic 33%.
Today the race looks very different as the candidates enter the final stretch before the November 8 election with voters historically tuning in on the other side of the Labor Day holiday. The polls show that Trump now holds support from 40% of voters – a massive seven point increase in his share of the electorate – while Hillary Clinton's support has cratered from 45% down to 39%. A 13 point swing over the course of ten days is unheard of in American politics dominated by partisan affiliation.
Trump's secret sauce – and potentially his downfall – is that he appears to be occupying a post-partisan space running a campaign led by themes of economic populism and fervent nationalism that borrows notes from both Republican and Democratic orthodoxy which perhaps explains the ability of the polls to shift so dramatically in such a short period of time.
© REUTERS / Carlos Barria FBI Notes: Hillary Staffers Smash Burner Phones With Hammers, Destroy Evidence
The bombastic billionaire real estate mogul turned reality television star who took the nation by storm during the Republican Primary shocking his more seasoned rivals may also be benefitting from the huge share of the electorate that has also moved into the post-partisan space – with more than 40% of US voters declaring themselves to be unaffiliated with either political party.
In addition to expanding his base outside of mainstream conservatism, the poll finds that Republican Party voters are beginning to consolidate around Trump with his share of support among these voters jumping from 72% to 78% although this figure remains well below the 85% share held by Mitt Romney in 2012.
There are a number of wildcards that prevent many political analysts from believing that Trump has really broken even with Clinton – most substantially is the fact that over 20% of the electorate said it was either unsure who to vote for or favored a Third Party candidate, nearly double the amount seen in 2012.
Many of these voters who selected have taken to Libertarian candidate Gary Johnson and Green Party candidate Dr. Jill Stein, but the question remains whether these voters will remain aligned to either candidate in the event that neither qualifies for the presidential debates. If these voters break off, will they choose to stay home on Election Day and, if they don't, who will they ultimately select.
The race remains in an unpredictable space, but one thing is certain – Trump appears to be gaining steam in a way never before seen suggesting that the November election may be a close one.
Some people think hot sauces from south of the border contain a little extra something. Unfortunately, in many cases that extra ingredient is lead, according to a new study reported by Food Safety News.
Researchers at the University of Nevada Las Vegas tested 25 bottles of imported hot sauces from Mexico and South America for lead concentrations and pH levels. They also tested the packaging for lead, because it can leach into food. They purchased the products at local ethnic markets, grocery stores and a swap meet.
About 16 percent of the products tested exceeded the Food and Drug Administration 0.1 parts per million standard for unsafe levels of lead in candy. All four products that tested above that limit were from Mexico, but were from four different manufacturers. (Lead has been found in candy from China, Mexico and the Philippines.)
Today, the government of Timor-Leste announced the establishment of seven no-take zones in the country's coastal waters. This development follows the Rapid Assessment Program (RAP) survey carried out by CI and partner scientists last year, which confirmed the community-identified zones as being biologically significant. Coral scientist and guest blogger Dr. Lyndon DeVantier shares his experience.
In August of last year, I joined Mark Erdmann, Gerry Allen, Emre Turak and local scientists in Timor-Leste to participate in a CI RAP marine survey. At the request of the government, we set out to record the marine biodiversity of corals and fishes and assess the overall health of the reefs to help identify areas of importance for conservation and marine tourism.
To their great credit, the Timor-Leste government has already established a large national park on the eastern tip of the country, covering both land and sea. The park was established in 2007 — after the country had spent only five years as an independent nation — and named in honour of Nino Konis Santana, a Timorese freedom fighter in the 1990s.
We surveyed 22 reef locations both inside and outside of the national park and on Atauro Island off the northeastern coast. Having done similar work in many other parts of the tropical Pacific and Indian oceans over the past 20 years, we had a good basis for comparing Timor-Leste's reefs with other places.
I was glad to discover that the reefs, particularly those inside the national park, were in moderate to good condition, with three times more living than dead coral covering the reefs overall.
The dead coral was caused mainly by population outbreaks of the coral-feeding crown-of-thorns starfish, a species that has wreaked havoc on other Pacific reefs. There was also some legacy damage from blast fishing, but most reefs — especially within the park — appeared to be in an active state of recovery.
Along with neighbouring countries, Timor-Leste forms part of the renowned Coral Triangle, Earth's most diverse tropical marine realm. Hence we expected to find highly diverse coral reefs. We were not disappointed.
This small nation, with only a limited area of coral reef habitat, hosts a number of reef-building coral species comparable to Australia's enormous Great Barrier Reef — some 400 species in all. Three of these coral species we documented may be new to science.
The fish fauna was also highly diverse; Gerry and Mark recorded some 740 species (including six possibly new species!) With inclusion of additional records from previous researchers, the Timor-Leste fish species tally has been raised to 800 species; for the greater Timor region, the tally is likely to be well over 1,200 species. Local levels of species richness on individual reefs were also high, although targeted fish species — including sharks — were rarely seen, an indication of intense fishing pressure.
Importantly, there was no evidence of recent or past coral bleaching caused by high sea temperatures. This likely reflects the presence of relatively cool waters, which were 25–28 degrees Celsius at the time of our survey — three to four degrees cooler than many nearby locations in the Coral Triangle.
Why are Timor-Leste's waters cooler? It's mostly because the major ocean current system known as the Indonesian Throughflow (ITF) passes to the north and south, transporting massive quantities of water from the Pacific to the Indian Ocean each day. Before passing Timor-Leste, waters of the ITF are cooled by mixing in the Banda Sea. If this cooling effect remains consistent into the future, as appears likely, then Timor-Leste's unique oceanographic setting may provide a cool water buffer and refuge against the increasing sea temperatures predicted from climate change over coming decades.
Timor-Leste has already shown great initiative in declaring Nino Konis Santana National Park, which, with effective management, can play a very important role in conservation, and contribute to the replenishment of populations of fishes and other harvested species.
And with the high-quality reefs and miles of sandy beach, Timor-Leste has excellent potential for marine and coastal tourism. However, it will be important to set clear regulations from the outset to ensure that tourism development is environmentally sustainable and provides clear benefits to local communities.
It is promising to see that the government is going a step further to protect these resources: officially recognising seven community-established no-take zones within the national park. The first in the country, these zones will help preserve this wealth of marine life for the food and economic well-being of the country's people.
Dr. Lyndon DeVantier is a coral ecologist with more than 30 years of experience in international coral survey work. The survey was funded by the U.S. Agency for International Development (USAID) as part of a collaborative project between the Coral Triangle Support Partnership and the Timor-Leste national government. Learn more about CI's work in the country.
Professional arena soccer is coming to Mississauga and the brains behind the movement are doing what they can to gather support.
On Wednesday, June 21, Canadian Arena Soccer Association president Joe Vaccaro and Sergio Giancola, described by Giancola as the visionary and driving force behind bringing the arena game to Canada, made a formal deputation requesting support from Mississauga council.
The Hershey Centre recently became the newly formed CASA's home as Canada gets ready to field a team in preparation for the 2018 World Arena Soccer Championship in Mexico.
“CASA believes Mississauga is the right place with the right history to establish a grassroots player program for ages eight to over 18 to build the arena game in Canada,” Vaccaro said inside council chambers.
“From there, we'll bring all the energy and excitement of the outdoor game into a fan friendly, six vs. six arena format.”
More information will be released during a news conference on Tuesday, June 27 at city hall. There, the CASA will formally announce the technical director and head coach of the national team while also unveiling the Team Canada uniform.
The team plans on hosting a number of international friendly games at the Hershey Centre as well.
Canada's entry in the 2018 World Arena Soccer Championships comes two months after the announcement of a Toronto area team entering the Major Arena Soccer League, set to debut out of the Hershey Centre in the fall of 2018. Giancola will serve as CEO of that team.
Like Vaccaro, he feels there's a lot of excitement and energy around the arena game that Mississauga can harness.
“We have approximately 62,000 registered kids about 20 to 25 minutes from (the Hershey Centre) that will have an excellent opportunity to see terrific professional players, very skilful players,” Giancola said.
Photo: Magnolia Pictures, Corbis
Robert Durst was a fan of director Andrew Jarecki's 2010 telling of his life and alleged crimes, All Good Things — and not just because Ryan Gosling played the suspected serial murderer. As The Jinx made clear, the even-handed telling of the tale based on verified facts and Jarecki's research drew Durst to the director in the first place, and was a major reason he agreed to be interviewed by Jarecki after years of avoiding the press. But The Jinx wasn't the only Jarecki project for which he offered his assistance. During the same period, Durst actually joined the director for a viewing of All Good Things, recording commentary for the film's DVD, released in March 2011. The two banter back and forth as they watch the slightly fictionalized depiction of Durst's stormy relationship with his wife Kathie (played by Kirsten Dunst), her disappearance, and the murders of his friends Susan Berman and Morris Black.
Though listening to the commentary doesn't capture Durst's oil-pool eyes and full-body blinks that made him such a creepy presence in The Jinx, his audio is still plenty spooky. Probably the weirdest thing about the commentary is how much Durst endorses Jarecki's portrayal of him — whether yanking his wife from a party by the hair or dismembering his buddy — and how little emotion he displays as he agrees that, “This is more or less accurate.” Though the conversation tends to go quiet when an actual murder is committed onscreen, there is one moment where Durst loudly protests: when the film implies he killed the family dog.
There's no “killed them all, of course” line, but the DVD commentary offers some odd insight into Durst's view of himself and his actions, and in light of his admission in The Jinx's finale, takes on a new level of menace. Here are a few of the creepiest exchanges, and a couple darkly funny ones.
On the scene in the opening credits when a young Durst shoots a toy gun at his mom:
“I did like guns when I was a little kid, I remember that.”
On meeting Kathie's family:
“That is one of the major regrets in my life, is the way I treated her family, her mother. They'd never met anything like me before, this guy with piles of money and terrible manners. I used to feed the dog while I was sitting at the table. I used to talk about making love to Kathie at the dining-room table in front of her mother. [I was] absolutely impossible.”
On why Kathie's family paid for the wedding, despite the Dursts' enormous wealth:
“The bride's family pays for the wedding.”
On his shock that Kathie was accepted to the Albert Einstein School of Medicine:
“I just didn't think she would be accepted. I thought that if she was accepted to medical school, it would be one of the lesser-rated schools. My shock was somewhat tempered … [since] the reason she got accepted at Albert Einstein was because my grandfather was a founder of Albert Einstein.”
On his refusal to help pay for Kathie's school, and the cancellation of her credit cards:
“I was always, always, always very controlling. In terms of the stuff that's out there — that I tried to get her out of medical school, that I wouldn't pay her tuition — I wouldn't pay her tuition because she'd hired lawyers, my lawyer insisted that I don't pay for anything that I hadn't paid for in the past, and she'd gone and done one of those federal programs where they pay for it and you take a loan. The lawyer said, ‘Don't pay for the medical school.'”
“Yes, I cancelled her credit card and took her off the bank account, but she had her own bank account and I didn't want her on mine, or I guess I was told that she shouldn't be on [my] credit card — she could get her own credit cards.”
“She never filed for divorce. She wanted a child, to have children, and she wanted me to not always be the dominant one, to not always make all the decisions in the marriage.”
On the scene where Gosling's character storms into Dunst's graduation party and pulls her out by her hair:
“This is close. After a number of years, before, where we would go to her family's house for a function, I would insist that we agree on how long we are going to stay: two hours, three hours, four hours. We would always do a negotiation, and when the time was up, I was ready to leave.”
“I've seen the story about the hair two different ways. One way, I drag her out of the house by her hair; the other way, I grab her hair and a big chunk comes out. Either way is close enough.”
On the scene in which Dunst's character seeks refuge in a neighbor's apartment in the midst of a fight with Gosling's character:
Durst: This is more or less accurate. I don't know why she would go in our neighbor's window as opposed to go to their door. But it was pouring, and we were having a wrestling, shoving-type fight, and she ran out on the terrace and ran into their apartment. Said she was afraid to come home. [I] said, “She doesn't want to come home, she doesn't have to come home.” Jarecki: Did you feel like she was really afraid to come home? Durst: I've got no idea. I didn't really care one way or another what she did. It was late and I was just tired.”
On the part where Dunst's character discovers Gosling's character killed Igor, the family dog:
Durst: This made me feel bad about the movie, Andrew. I mean, the idea that I could kill Igor, I don't like. Jarecki: Well, there was a lot of discussion about you having had a lot of dogs over the years, a bunch of [which] were named Igor. Someone said to us at one point that you had seven dogs over ten years or something.” Durst: No. We had two Igors before the Igor that lasted forever. One of them got run over, and one of them, when he was a puppy, went out and … ate an apple core. The apple core got stuck in his gut. We did an operation on him, and he died.
On his relationship with Morris Black:
Durst: [In Galveston, I] didn't know anybody there to begin with, and when I left, I didn't know anybody but Morris Black. And we were both loners and had some strange things in common and didn't do much. There's not that much to do in Galveston, anyway, but whatever it was, we did it. Went to some movies. Saw Traffic. Jarecki: The movie Traffic? Durst: Yes, the movie Traffic. Jarecki: You didn't just sit and watch traffic. Durst: [Laughing] There wasn't even much traffic in Galveston.
On Morris Black's death and dismemberment:
“I remember it very, very, very clearly, and I remember the nightmare I went through over the next several days trying to decide what to do, deciding I could not go to the police, the police aren't going to believe this, nobody's going to believe that I came down here to Galveston a rich guy, rented a $300-a-month apartment disguised as a woman, and oh, by the way, my neighbor is lying in my kitchen with a shot in the face from my gun …”
“They never found the head. I have no idea why. I do know that there must have been 15 garbage bags full of body parts and other stuff with blood on it or whatever, and they found 12. Why they didn't find the other ones, since they were all dumped in the same place, I have no idea.”
WASHINGTON — It's not the kind of history Barack Obama planned on making — but Americans now rate him as the worst president since World War II.
With two years left to go in his second term, Obama “beat out” predecessor George W. Bush, who left office during a steep economic downturn and an unpopular war, for the dubious distinction, a new Quinnipiac University poll found.
Respondents were asked to rate the best and worst presidents from the list of 12.
One-third picked Obama as the worst, while 28 percent picked Bush.
By comparison, only 13 percent cited Richard Nixon, who resigned under the cloud of the Watergate scandal.
Eight percent chose Jimmy Carter, who left office with a stalled economy and having been unable to win the release of American hostages held in Iran.
When it comes to which president Americans consider best, Ronald Reagan cleans up, with 35 percent picking the Gipper.
Eighteen percent picked Bill Clinton and 15 percent chose John F. Kennedy, whose tenure often gets mediocre ratings from professional historians but who tends to do better among a public still enchanted by the days of Camelot before JFK's assassination in 1963.
Eight percent chose Obama as the best president, while a mere 1 percent gave that nod to Dubya.
Most of Obama's “worst” votes come from Republicans — 63 percent of whom picked him as dead last, far more than any other contender, with Carter trailing, at 14 percent.
But Obama also was slapped with the “worst” label by more than one-third of independents — a factor that continues to tug at his overall approval ratings.
Going head-to-head with his predecessor, 39 percent said Obama was better than Bush, while 40 percent said he was worse.
“Over the span of 69 years of American history and 12 presidencies, President Barack Obama finds himself with President George W. Bush at the bottom of the popularity barrel,” said Tim Malloy, who conducted the Quinnipiac poll.
Obama's emergence as the worst president has come at the benefit of his predecessors. Clinton, Carter and Nixon all saw the biggest improvements in this category from 2006 to this year.
Americans also are feeling buyer's remorse with Obama: 45 percent said the country would be better off if Republican Mitt Romney had won the presidency in 2012, while 38 percent said the country would be worse off.
Romney said at an event in New Hampshire Wednesday that he wouldn't pursue a third presidential run.
Obama's overall approval rating is an underwater 40-53 — a troubling sign for Democrats heading into the midterm elections.
But he can take solace in the fact that presidents usually see their numbers rise after they leave office.
And the survey itself appears prone to let people vent their opposition to a current White House occupant, while various other contenders can split the remaining disgruntled vote.
Eight years ago, while his own public-approval rating was in the tank, Bush was the hands-down leader in the “worst” category, followed by Nixon and Clinton.
Vice President Mike Pence (left, via House GOP/Flickr) and MSNBC host Rachel Maddow (right, via screengrab).
In President Donald Trump's White House, all roads are said to lead to Russia, to his son-in-law and adviser Jared Kushner and…to Vice President Mike Pence?
According to MSNBC's Rachel Maddow, “Pence has been caught out in way more of these scandals than his bland Beltway press coverage would have you believe.”
From the very first “dramatic departure” — controversial national security adviser Mike Flynn, just a few weeks after Trump's inauguration — Pence's shadow has loomed.
Pence, as Maddow noted on Friday night, was head of the presidential transition — and was also the recipient of a letter from Congress warning that the Flynn “was on the payroll of foreign governments” and an in-person visit from the former general's lawyers with the same information.
“Pence insisted — insisted — that there were no contacts at all between the Trump campaign and Russian officials during the campaign,” she said. “That of course, was not true, either.”
He also was the first to claim that former FBI Director James Comey was fired due to an “internal process” a day prior to Assistant Attorney General Rod Rosenstein's bogus excuse went public.
“It had nothing at all to do with the White House's needs or desires and the president's feelings about the Russia investigation,” she said, jokingly summarizing Pence's first letter.
The vice president and his rumored falsehoods have long been a fascination of Maddow's. Earlier this year, she rightfully blasted Pence's claim that he was unaware of Flynn's contact with Turkish officials. In May, she guessed correctly that he must have known about the fired adviser's vulnerability to Russian compromise after (fired) former acting Attorney General Sally Yates testified before Congress. And just last week, she said Pence “has stuff to worry about” when it comes to his long string of lies and Special Counsel Robert Mueller's investigation.
Watch Maddow detail the vice president-sized hole in many of the Trump White House's biggest scandals below, via MSNBC.
2048 - AI 0
Join the numbers and get to the 2048 tile!
Or watch the randomizing AI attempt to solve it!
Run AI AI runs per move: Next move
How to play: Use your arrow keys to move the tiles. When two tiles with the same number touch, they merge into one!
How the AI works: The AI plays the game multiple times using completely random moves! The average end score per starting position is calculated. The move with the highest score is chosen. By default the AI plays 100 games per move. Increase the run count for a stronger AI.
It's interesting to note that even though the AI is based on random moves, it plays quite well.
Another interesting property is that the AI has no hard-coded intelligence meaning no knowledge about what makes a good move was programmed into it! It "figures it out" all by itself. For a detailed discussion see my post in StackOverflow.
Original game by Gabriele Cirulli. AI infrastucture by Matt Overlan
AI solver by Ronen Zilberman
MIAMI (Reuters) - Subtropical Storm Beryl moved slowly toward the U.S. southeastern coast on Saturday, threatening heavy rains and dangerous surf for Memorial Day weekend beachgoers in northern Florida, Georgia and South Carolina.
Beryl was centered about 220 miles east-southeast of Charleston, South Carolina, carrying maximum sustained winds of 45 mph. It was moving southwest, with tropical storm-force winds extending about 115 miles from the storm's center.
The storm was not expected to develop into a hurricane, said Jack Beven, a senior hurricane specialist at the U.S. National Hurricane Center in Miami.
Forecasts indicate the center of the storm will make landfall either late Sunday or early Monday, Beven said. Weather models show Beryl will eventually turn back toward the Atlantic, posing no threat to oil and gas production facilities in the U.S. Gulf of Mexico.
Tropical storm warnings were in effect for Sunday from the Volusia/Brevard County line in northern Florida to Edisto Beach, South Carolina.
Dangerous surf conditions, unusually high tides and flooding were possible along the coasts of northeastern Florida, Georgia and South Carolina over the holiday weekend, the hurricane center said.
Total rainfall could reach between 3 and 6 inches in some areas, it said.
Beryl is being called a subtropical storm, meaning it has a broader wind field than tropical storms, and shower and thunderstorm activity farther removed from the storm's center.
A change in the storm's structure could see Beryl reclassified as a tropical storm but would not alter its potential impact, Beven said.
Beryl formed off the South Carolina coast late on Friday and is the second named storm of the Atlantic hurricane season, which has had an early start. The season officially runs from June 1 to November 30.
BAGHDAD—A wave of bombings struck outdoor markets and a restaurant in Shiite-dominated neighbourhoods of Baghdad on Tuesday, killing at least 69 people, officials said — the latest in deadly militant attacks far from the front lines in the country's north and west where Iraqi forces are battling the Daesh. In an online statement, Daesh, also known as the Islamic State group or ISIS, claimed responsibility only for the deadliest bombing of the day, which took place in Baghdad's northeastern Shaab neighbourhood and where at least 34 people were killed and 75 others were wounded.
Iraqi security forces gather at the site of a suicide bombing in the Shaab area in northern Baghdad on Tuesday. It was the deadliest bombing of the day in the Iraqi captial, where at least 34 people were killed and 75 others were wounded. ( AHMAD AL-RUBAYE / AFP/GETTY IMAGES )
In that attack, a roadside bomb first exploded outside the concrete blast walls surrounding the open-air market, followed by a suicide bomber who blew himself up as people gathered to help the victims of the first explosion, a police officer said. The Daesh statement said the attack was carried out by an Iraqi who targeted members of Shiite militias. The Associated Press could not verify the authenticity of the statement but it was posted on a militant website commonly used by extremists. Tuesday's bombings were just the latest in a wave of attacks in Baghdad and surrounding areas that has left more than 200 dead over the past week. The attacks, many claimed by Daesh, come as the group has lost significant chunks of territory to Iraqi ground forces over the past year.
Article Continued Below
As Daesh militants are pushed back along front lines, the group is increasingly turning to insurgency-style attacks to detract from their losses, Iraqi and coalition officials say. Iraq is also in the midst of a political crisis that has gridlocked the country's government. While Iraqi security officials say they are concerned political instability is distracting from the fight against Daesh, some analysts say the extremist group is launching the attacks at a time of political crisis in an attempt to further delegitimize the Iraqi government. Shortly after the Shaab attack, a parked car bomb struck a fruit-and-vegetable market in the Shiite-dominated neighbourhood of Dora, in southern Baghdad, killing eight people and wounding 22 others, a police officer said. In Baghdad's sprawling eastern Shiite district of Sadr City, a suicide car bombing hit a crowded outdoor market, killing 18 people and wounding 35 others. In northeast Baghdad, a suicide bomber targeted a restaurant in the Habibiya neighbourhood, killing nine and wounding 18. Medical officials confirmed the casualty figures. All officials spoke on condition of anonymity as they were not authorized to talk to reporters.
Commercial and public places in Shiite-dominated areas are among the most frequent targets for the Sunni militants seeking to undermine the Iraqi government efforts to maintain security inside the capital. But Daesh has not confined its latest attacks only to Baghdad.
Iraqi security forces and people gather at the site of a car bomb attack in Baghdad's mainly Shiite district of Sadr City on Tuesday. ( KHALID AL-MOUSILY )
Earlier Tuesday, Iraqi oil workers resumed work at a natural gas plant north of Baghdad, two days after a co-ordinated Daesh dawn assault left at least 14 people dead there, a senior Oil Ministry official said.
Article Continued Below
Sunday's spectacular attack in the town of Taji, about 20 kilometres north of Baghdad, saw a suicide car bombing at the facility's main gate, followed by several Daesh fighters breaking into the plant where they clashed with security forces for hours before the attackers were repelled. The dead included six civilians and eight security forces while 27 Iraqi troops were wounded. Closed-circuit television images showed an explosion that sent thick black smoke rising above the plant. As flames engulfed the facility and nearby palm trees, pedestrians were seen running for cover. The top of one of the gas-processing units was blown off. Clashes lasted for hours before Iraqi troops managed to repel the attackers. On Tuesday, work at the plant's three production lines returned “to normal levels,” said Deputy Oil Minister Hamid Younis. The plant was back to full capacity of producing 30,000 cooking gas cylinders a day, he said, adding that Sunday's attack had only damaged two gas storages and a few pipelines. Iraqi state TV showed workers in navy blue overalls filling metal and plastic cylinders on conveyor belts and forklift trucks loading cylinders into trucks. In 2014 after Daesh blitzed across Iraq and declared an Islamic caliphate on the territory it holds in Iraq and Syria, the extremists were estimated to hold nearly a third of Iraqi territory. Since then Iraq's government says the group's hold has shrunk to just 14 per cent of Iraq. However, despite battlefield successes against Daesh, Iraq's political leadership is in disarray. Parliament has not met for more than two weeks after supporters of influential Shiite cleric Muqtada al-Sadr stormed Baghdad's highly fortified Green Zone. The breach followed repeated delays to government reform legislation that lawmakers claimed would fight Iraq's entrenched corruption.
Read more about:
I paid extra on my pet cc, dh and ds worked a small amount of overtime, I did a very good mystery shop and dh and I used a $1 coupon to get into the fair (total of $2 for the 2 of us) We walked around enough to realize we need a lot more exercise in our life before we make another trip to Walt Disney World. That lead us to a weekend of family meetings and discussions that are all financially based.
1. where we stand, what is the plan on handling the last five steps considering ds is already out of college and we've been putting back for retirement all along due to our age. So do we do a big push on the mortgages as soon as we finish the cc? Do we build a 6 month ffef and if so how much? Because right now we'd still have the two mortgages + one 1000 $ loan but once they are gone Spring 17 at the absolute latest because that is when they will run out even if we don't pay any extra. We want to start traveling again, but that can get expensive so do stall and maybe have a health issue and not get to travel by the time all the baby steps are complete? Or do we travel occasionally now and piddle along with the ffef and the mortgages? What about all the repairs we have been putting off? Also some equipment replacement we need to do? Wealth building?
a.Tentative decision—still up for readjustment and you'll see why in a bit. We're going to complete baby step #2 and then revamp the budget to include the following sinking funds: 1)travel—when it has sufficient in it, we travel—after our big celebration trip, we are already budgeting for it. 2) repairs/replace—save for these things a certain portion of our income each month and then do them as we have the cash 3) ffef—instead of going whole hog into it we will b putting a major chunk back until we reach the amount that we'd need for 6 months without the mortgages. All other snowball and extra gazelle money will go against the mortgages. We haven't decided in which order we'll do them yet because the first mortgage has a shorter term to run, lower interest rate and a lower balance at this point. However, when it's paid off we will still need to allow for taxes and insurance each month. The second mortgage payment is roughly $80 lower a month, but has a 3% higher rate, a balance of $10,000 higher, will die a natural death about 5 months after the mortgage if we don't pay extra on it in 2017 and once it was paid off all of it could go on the other mortgage. So that is still up for future discussion.
2.Gardening: working out details for year round gardening to cut the food bill, BUT depending on how we follow through on the other discussions we had this may be just a thought that will be abanadoned—see below. Cold frames/hot boxes for winter gardening were heavily discussed and materials tracked down that we already had may make them a reality very soon.
3.Retirement: All three of us want dh to retire asap. Technically he could by mid-summer but it would be snug if we still had the two mortgages—part of the tentative decision above. Also his 401K won't be fully vested until August 2015, so math will be required to see how much It would cost us in the long run if he retired next summer. We also are trying to figure out just how we are going to handle retirement where the ranch and such are concerned. We still have roughly 100 animals of mixed types and decisions would need to be made about our “babies.” I don't see us willingly letting any of them go. So that could work against what we'd ideally like to do.
a.Tentative decision—right now we plan on him working through Feb 2016 when he will be fully vested, but like I said we need to run some numbers. There might also be some “deals” he can work out with his employer who often has slow times then peak times, so it could be he could go on a “part time” deal to maintain his vesting and only work when they really need him. That could get VERY complicated, but it is an option. Ds and I think healthwise dh needs to retire immediately. Financially we'd be in a bind, but we've survived worse. Then there is another factor I'll mention in a bit.
4.Celebration trip: When and of course the where is WDW. How we want to do it, where we want to stop along the way etc.
a.Decision—we booked the trip months ago for a date I am certain we will be in a good financial state to take it—to be announced at a later date—bad guys read these posts too. NSA save yourself some time, just hack my email and check my reservations. The big tentative part of the decision is whether or not ds is traveling both ways with us OR if he will fly home and dh will be retired and he and I will hit the road as a retired couple for several months once we leave WDW. More on this in a bit.
5.Ds' living quarters: He needs a life of his own, outside of what Mom and Dad are doing. He's tried working on a little house numerous times, but life has got in the way more times than we cared to discuss. He's once again looking at building, or maybe setting a portable building—wood or metal on top of a foundation he's paid someone to put in and then the three of us work on converting it into living quarters for him about ¼ mile from the main house. To do that instead of building it as he has the cash would require financing and since he doesn't legally own the land it would be setting on he couldn't get a construction loan or mortgage. We can't deed it over to him until the mortgages are paid off according to our loan papers. So he's researching his lending options since of course he doesn't have a credit score and he still owes a chunk to Sallie Mae. He's wanting to get on with his life and start dating again—suggestions on where he could meet nice girls in their 30's? He's nearly38 and feels he needs to get moving with his life before it's “too late”.
a.Tentative decisions—Like I said he's going to check financing, but we are also looking at another couple of possibilities—this is the other factors I mentioned above we're considering. Dh retire after we finish babystep #2 and get the ffef complete, possibly working out a deal with his employer for peak time work to still get fully vested. –a long shot, but there is still math to play with at that point. Instead of building ds starts paying on our mortgages the amount he was going to put back for a house. He takes over all the utilities –which he pays most of them already—and we hit the road for 9 months or so a year as soon as baby step #2 is finished. Before we leave we put a concrete pad and electrical hook-up down at his property with a carport that the fifth wheel will fit under and when we are in the area we would stay down there with the main house being his. We would pay the utilities on that area. We would continue to put money back into a “building fund” as we traveled and then when it became obvious we needed to quit traveling we'd stay in the fifth wheel on the property until a small place was built for the two of us. Ds would have the big house, and the responsibilities of the animals. OR we do basically the same scenario, but we pay off the mortgages and do our already planned deeding property over to him, he builds and then when we leave in 2015-16 he moves in the big house and we stay in the little house when we get in this area. BTW any way we go we will eventually probably have to move out of the big house because it is multi-level and there are already days I have trouble with all the stairs.
On 2017–03–06 and the day following that, a significant number (57) of tor relays joined the network, they all share the nickname prefix “UbuntuCore”.
In March 2017 over 290 such relays joined the tor network. This sparked my interest.
TLDR: As a tor user, you do not need to worry about them (yet), because they only make up a tiny part of the tor network (current total consensus weight fraction: <0.05%).
Update: As an example, this “UbuntuCore” relay group is about ten times smaller (by consensus weight fraction) than the (currently) the biggest group of relays that you — as a tor user — should worry more about.
New “UbuntuCore” relays per day in March 2017:
By looking into OrNetRadar mailing list archives (non-onion URL) one can see that tor relays named “UbuntuCore”<number> appeared ever since the
Snap package “tor-middle-relay” was announced by its developer in May 2016 (2016–05–02).
Most (not all) of the May 2016 “UbuntuCore” relays were likely created by the developer testing the package (creating multiple relays on the same IP).
2016–12–10, the “starting” date?
The first time “UbuntuCore” named relays appeared with a suspiciously high geographical diversity was on 2016–12–10 (non-onion URL).
Six “UbuntuCore”<number> named tor relays from five different countries (FR, NO, RU, RS, IT) joined the tor network that day.
Since 2016–12–10 such relays continued to trickle in (5–9 relays per day, not every day) until it slowed down on 2017–02–06.
My guess is that this was caused by a change in the Snap on that day ( — enable-openbsd-malloc).
Once this change has been reverted (2017–03–06 17:13 UTC)
the (defunct?) “UbuntuCore” relays that were created between 2017–02–06 and 2017–03–06 became functional on 2017–03–06 and caused the spike of “new” relays (my guess).
(Note: Snaps apparently get updated automatically on a daily basis, which is good!)
The updated Snap package became available at 2017–03–06T17:45, 10 minutes later the developer updated his relay and all others followed
(onionoo data from 2017–03–06 23:00 UTC):
| first_seen | last_restarted | nickname |
| 2016–05–31 | 2017–03–06 17:55:20 | UbuntuCore160 |
| 2017–01–03 | 2017–03–06 18:12:02 | UbuntuCore160 |
| 2017–03–06 | 2017–03–06 18:13:39 | UbuntuCore161 |
| 2017–03–06 | 2017–03–06 18:15:12 | UbuntuCore160 |
| 2017–03–06 | 2017–03–06 18:18:51 | UbuntuCore160 |
| 2017–03–06 | 2017–03–06 18:22:23 | UbuntuCore160 |
| 2017–03–06 | 2017–03–06 18:28:37 | UbuntuCore161 |
| 2017–03–06 | 2017–03–06 18:33:14 | UbuntuCore160 |
| 2017–03–06 | 2017–03–06 19:18:29 | UbuntuCore160 |
| 2017–03–06 | 2017–03–06 19:18:30 | UbuntuCore160 |
| 2017–03–06 | 2017–03–06 19:25:26 | UbuntuCore161 |
| 2017–03–06 | 2017–03–06 19:30:41 | UbuntuCore160 |
| 2017–02–08 | 2017–03–06 19:33:50 | UbuntuCore160 |
| 2017–02–08 | 2017–03–06 19:33:51 | UbuntuCore160 |
[…]
How many of theses “UbuntuCore” relays are actually concurrently running?
Running “UbuntuCore” relays per tor network consensus in March 2017:
The new Meizu MX4 Ubuntu Edition was officially released in Europe a couple of weeks ago, but it's available only in a limited fashion. Now, Canonical has announced that the number of invites to purchase the phone has been increased so that more users can order it.
Canonical and Meizu are using a sort of "guerilla marketing" approach for the new MX4 Ubuntu Edition, and the people who want it need to receive an invitation to buy it. All they have to do is access the official website and play a game that either reveals different trivia about the phone and the operating system, or get an invite to buy it. And, to make things even harder, you only get three tries per day.
Some intrepid users found ways of going around this limitation, but it looks like Meizu wants to stay ahead of the game, and they have increased the number of invites that are dished out every day. It's not clear how many of these invites currently are, so we don't know if the increase is a sizable one, but it's there nonetheless.
The Meizu game won't last forever
Just as it happened with the Bq devices, which initially was only made available through a series of short flash sales, the phone will eventually be sold to anyone who wants one. In the meantime, Canonical wants to be sure that only the people who are really interested in an Ubuntu phone get to buy one. We've already explained why this is important for Canonical, and it all has to do with the feedback.
"Folks, today we have doubled the number of invites for the Meizu MX4 device via our Origami wall. If you haven't checked it out yet, it's also peppered with surprises that include facts and trivia around the ‪#‎ubuntuphone‬ Come and try it out >>" reads the entry on Google+.
We wrote extensively about the Ubuntu MX4 Ubuntu Edition, so you might as well check it out if you want more details about it.
by Andrew Kimbrell, Executive Director of The Center for Food Safety
I was recently approached by a division of the publishing giant Condé Nast to participate in a video series examining issues related to food, agriculture, and the environment. I was told experts from a variety of disciplines, including representatives of the Monsanto Company, would participate. That was fine with me. And given the ever-increasing interest in food systems and genetic engineering's wide-ranging effects on soil, water, climate change, and our bodies, I wasn't surprised that Condé Nast was willing to put significant resources into this journalistic endeavor.
What did surprise me was to find out that it wasn't a journalistic endeavor; it was actually paid advertising on behalf of Monsanto.
According to representatives of Condé Nast, early next week they will begin filming four, 5-minute videos on the topics of nutrition, sustainability, hunger, and distribution. The segments will be filmed over two days of shooting in Bedford, New York and will be hosted by CBS's Mo Rocca.* The videos will be promoted through Condé Nast's media empire on sites such as Self, Epicurious, Bon Appétit, Details, and GQ. Condé Nast generously offered to cover travel expenses and asked me to suggest an appropriate compensation for my time.
Whether intentional or not, in Mo Rocca they have the perfect host. According to his biography on The Greater Talent Network, Mo Rocca is “famed for his wacky, tongue-in-cheek ‘fake news' reports.” “Fake news” is exactly what is happening here. A closer look reveals that the entire operation is funded by Monsanto to be used as “native advertising.”
After my team spoke to Condé Nast representatives, they sent over a PDF titled “Guest Overview.” This “confidential” memo explains what is really going on. This wasn't a deep dive into the issues by a journalism company, it was advertising for Monsanto, plain and simple. The memo described the “Monsanto-funded film series.” Each episode will include two guests and one Monsanto expert. “Each episode will be stylishly arranged in a controlled environment, to create an authoritative and journalistic forum.”
The videos are not “promoted” as Condé Nast claimed, but actually part of Monsanto's advertising contract. Under “VIDEO USAGE” the memo states: “All Condé Nast media sites within Monsanto ad units…” and “Monsanto's owned and operated sites” and “Content to be shared through Monsanto's social media channels.” [Emphasis added]
On further review, we discovered the request wasn't coming from a journalism department within Condé Nast, but the advertising department. This is how they describe this type of arrangement.
Condé Nast representatives were mostly upfront with my staff and “native advertising” is a developing field for media companies. Condé Nast is certainly not alone; this type of advertising was the subject of a recent segment in “Last Week Tonight” with comedian John Oliver. In that piece, Ken Auletta describes what native advertising is. He says: “we will camouflage your ads to make them look like a news story. That's essentially it.”
This incident reveals a lot about the Monsanto Company. They are willing to say anything and spend anything to control the debate over genetic engineering. I hope Condé Nast's consumers, who don't have the benefit of a research staff like I do, are able to see this for what it is: paid advertising by Monsanto.
*Update: Condé Nast said that Mo Rocca would be the host, although he has now claimed that he was approached but did not agree to participate.
WASHINGTON — The American government paid $20.2 million in Social Security benefits to more than 130 United States residents linked to Nazi atrocities over the course of more than a half-century, with some of the payments made as recently as this year, according to a federal investigation.
The millions of dollars paid out, a total far higher than officials had previously believed, indicate the ease with which thousands of former Nazis managed to settle into new lives in the United States with little scrutiny after the end of World War II.
A report due to be released this week by the Social Security Administration's inspector general concludes that virtually all of the payments were proper under policies in place at the time, and that federal officials did not have the legal authority to prohibit benefits until a Nazi suspect was deported, according to officials briefed on the report. The officials spoke on the condition of anonymity because the report has not yet been made public.
In the 1960s and 1970s, as dozens of aging former Nazis in the United States were beginning to collect Social Security benefits, there was little investigation by federal authorities into possible links of immigrants to atrocities committed in wartime Germany.
MLS commissioner Don Garber recently announced that the league would expand to 28 teams in the future, listing a number of cities as potential destinations. If it were up to a number of the league's coaches and executives, St. Louis would be at the top of the list.
In Baltimore ahead of the 2016 MLS SuperDraft, SI's Grant Wahl asked a number of them what city they'd choose for a future MLS city, and St. Louis was the popular answer. On the heels of the NFL's Rams relocating to Los Angeles, that will be music to the ears of soccer fans in the St. Louis area.
With fans there lamenting the loss of the Rams, perhaps there's reason for sports optimism and enthusiasm in the coming years in the Gateway to the West, with an MLS team filling the void (St. Louis does have third-tier USL side St. Louis FC). Of course, the force behind the Rams leaving St. Louis is owner Stan Kroenke, who also owns Arsenal and MLS's Colorado Rapids, so the development would be a complex one.
Nevertheless, watch various current MLS coaches and executives give their reasons why they would put a team in St. Louis in the video above.
Scientists from some of the most prominent institutions in the United States have written a letter to President Barack Obama urging him not to approve a pipeline that would deliver bitumen from Alberta's oilsands.
"We are writing to add our voices to the indigenous leaders, religious leaders and environmentalists calling on you to block the proposed Keystone XL pipeline from Canada's tarsands," says the letter, released Wednesday.
It's signed by 19 researchers from universities such as Princeton, Harvard, Cornell, Stanford and Columbia, as well as facilities such as the Woods Hole Research Center and the Scripps Institute of Oceanography. Signatories include geophysicists, oceanographers, climatologists, biologists and engineers.
The U.S. State Department is reviewing the $7-billion US pipeline that would be built by TransCanada PipeLines Ltd. A preliminary environmental assessment is expected by mid-August.
The pipeline would transport Alberta oilsands crude through the American heartland to refineries on the Gulf Coast. The State Department's final decision is expected by the end of the year.
Secure souce
Advocates say the line would give the U.S. a secure energy supply and provide Canada with an assured market.
But others say the pipeline would be unsafe and would lock the U.S. into a high-carbon source of oil at a time when the country is trying to reduce greenhouse gas emissions.
"When other huge oilfields or coal mines were opened in the past, we knew much less about the damage that the carbon they contained would do to the Earth's climate system and to its oceans," the letter says. "Now that we do know, it's imperative that we move quickly to alternate forms of energy — and that we leave the tarsands in the ground."
Last week, lawmakers in the Republican-controlled House of Representatives passed a bill to force Obama to make a decision on the project by Nov. 1. That bill now faces the Democrat-controlled Senate, where many members are vehemently opposed to the pipeline.
Daniel Kessler of the Rainforest Action Network, which distributed the letter, said it was organized by American author and environmentalist Bill McKibben.
TransCanada isn't involved in the production of the diluted bitumen that would fill the line, company spokesman Terry Cunha pointed out.
"The key focus of Keystone is the safe, secure delivery of energy to the U.S.," he said.
He said the United States imports about two-thirds of its energy needs and has to decide which country it wants to buy from.
Classic Album Sundays, the most popular and respected classic album listening event in the world, is setting up shop in Chicago to expose your ears to a hazy, aural dream you've never experienced before. Saturday Audio Exchange, CHIRP Radio, Dark Matter Coffee, and event organizer Sam Willett will be celebrating the 25th anniversary of My Bloody Valentine's Loveless by listening to it in its entirety on vinyl.
My Bloody Valentine's Loveless is a myth inside and out; this is not a record that is meant to be completely understood. Loveless is Kevin Shield's magnum opus, the most iconic album of shoegaze, and also the accused product of running Creation Records into bankruptcy. Musically, it is the accumulation of every emotion imaginable packed into the same room and then realized all at the same time. The result is confusing, overwhelming, and overstimulating but unforgettable. Not to mention, it's the only album of its kind— after its release, Shields crumbled under the pressure of releasing a follow-up, the band broke up, and the shoegaze movement gradually diminished into silence.
Saturday Audio Exchange, a well-renowned Chicago independent music dealer, will be providing a custom-curated hi-fi audio system to make this experience come to life on vinyl. In attending the event, you will listen to the album as if you are watching a movie- no phones, no distractions, and complete focus on the beauty engrained in Loveless. Take a look at the sound equipment Classic Album Sundays typically uses at their events here.
When the event starts, a vinyl-exclusive playlist, including artists that influenced and have been influenced by My Bloody Valentine will be played. Attendees should take this warm up time to take a look around Saturday, visit with our event partners, socialize with new and old friends, and drink beverages. When we have a full house, we will give attendees a ten minute warning to use to the bathroom and make any phone calls before the album starts. Then, Sam will introduce the album drop the needle. From there, your mind should be completely involved with the album and prepared for a musical adventure.
Ready to fight back? Sign up for Take Action Now and get three actions in your inbox every week. You will receive occasional promotional offers for programs that support The Nation's journalism. You can read our Privacy Policy here. Sign up for Take Action Now and get three actions in your inbox every week.
Thank you for signing up. For more from The Nation, check out our latest issue
Subscribe now for as little as $2 a month!
Support Progressive Journalism The Nation is reader supported: Chip in $10 or more to help us continue to write about the issues that matter. The Nation is reader supported: Chip in $10 or more to help us continue to write about the issues that matter.
Fight Back! Sign up for Take Action Now and we'll send you three meaningful actions you can take each week. You will receive occasional promotional offers for programs that support The Nation's journalism. You can read our Privacy Policy here. Sign up for Take Action Now and we'll send you three meaningful actions you can take each week.
Thank you for signing up. For more from The Nation, check out our latest issue
Travel With The Nation Be the first to hear about Nation Travels destinations, and explore the world with kindred spirits. Be the first to hear about Nation Travels destinations, and explore the world with kindred spirits.
Sign up for our Wine Club today. Did you know you can support The Nation by drinking wine?
“Victory has a thousand fathers,” President Kennedy once said, “but defeat is an orphan.” By the measure that supposedly counted most—winning the Democratic nomination, and then the White House—the Bernie Sanders campaign was not a success. For many of us who felt the Bern, the past months have been painful progress through the five stages of grief. (Speaking only for myself, I'm still having trouble getting past depression.) Ad Policy
But, as Sanders reminded his supporters last night during the national launch of Our Revolution, the new organization founded to carry forward the work of his “political revolution,” by every other measure they succeeded far beyond what anyone (including the candidate himself) would have deemed possible even a year ago. “We won overwhelming support from the younger people of our country, 45 years of age and younger—black, white, Latino, Asian-American and Native-American youth,” Sanders reminded the audience. “Our ideas, our vision, represent the future of America. In many ways, we have won the ideological debate.”
Sanders also claimed credit for “the strongest and most progressive Democratic platform in the history of the country…. And if I have anything to say about it, that document is not going to sit on a shelf gathering dust. It is going to be the blueprint for Democrats moving forward in Congress and around the country.” That isn't going to happen with Donald Trump in the White House—or if Congress remains in Republican hands. But having pledged his loyalty to Hillary Clinton in Philadelphia, last night Sanders barely mentioned the top of the ticket, focusing instead on the “hundreds of thousands of people…fighting at the grassroots level for changes in their local school boards, city councils, state legislatures and…in Washington…and doing all that they can to create an America based on the principles of economic, social, racial and environmental justice.”
In some ways, the event, which was livestreamed from North End studios, a community arts space in Burlington, marked a return to Sanders's Vermont roots. Environmental activist Bill McKibben opened the proceedings, followed by Mari Cordes, a Democratic nominee for the Vermont House of Representatives who is among the 100-odd candidates the group intends to endorse (and presumably help raise money for) between now and November. Ready to Fight Back? Sign Up For Take Action Now
But the launch itself—and the press coverage leading up to it—was also a reminder that, alongside its many political achievements, the Sanders candidacy also left behind a trail of bruised egos and competing claims for credit common to any hard-fought political campaign. As Politico reported on Tuesday, the announcement that Jeff Weaver, who'd managed Sanders's presidential effort, would be the new group's president prompted a number of staffers to resign in protest. Claire Sandberg, the former digital-organizing director of the presidential campaign who had been named organizing director for Our Revolution, told The New York Times, “I left and others left because we were alarmed that Jeff would mismanage this organization as he mismanaged the campaign.” Sandberg also cited concerns that the group's status as a 501(c)(4), which means it doesn't have to report the identities of donors, was at odds with the Sanders campaign's mission to free politics from corporate domination. “We're organizers who believed in Bernie's call for a political revolution, so we weren't interested in working for an organization that's going to raise money from billionaires to spend it all on TV,” she told NBC.
On the other hand, Our Revolution's press, fundraising, and social-media presence are now being handled by Revolution Messaging, the same Washington, DC–based shop that did similar work during the campaign. And though the group's executive director, Shannon Jackson, is a 27-year-old Essex, Vermont, native who previously served as Sanders's driver, Our Revolution's board will be chaired by Larry Cohen, the former president of the Communications Workers of America who until recently led Labor for Bernie. If nothing else, Cohen's involvement underlines the group's commitment to its first real test of strength—the campaign to prevent Congress from passing the Trans-Pacific Partnership in the lame-duck session after the elections.
Meanwhile, the group's involvement comes as a welcome boost—in both profile and potential fundraising—for the candidates it endorses, from Vernon Miller, running for a school board in Nebraska, to California state-Senate hopeful Jane Kim, to congressional candidates Jamie Raskin and Zephyr Teachout, to former US senator Russ Feingold.
Because ultimately this is all about Bernie's list—the millions of $27 donors who, taken together, changed the rules of political fundraising. That list is the holy grail of progressive politics, and Sanders remains understandably reluctant to turn it over to anyone he doesn't trust completely. In that respect Jeff Weaver, who has worked on Sanders campaigns for 30 years, has an unparalleled claim to lead Our Revolution. Whether he also has the strategic vision, tactical judgement, or organizational skills to keep the revolution alive and growing remains, for the moment, very much an open question.
Last year, Alaska's Obamacare marketplaces seemed on the verge of implosion. Premiums for individual health insurance plans were set to rise 42 percent. State officials worried that they were on the verge of a “death spiral,” where only the sickest people buy coverage and cause rates to skyrocket year after year.
So the state tried something new and different — and it worked. Lori Wing-Heier, Alaska's insurance commissioner, put together a plan that had the state pay back insurers for especially high medical claims submitted to Obamacare plans. This lowered premiums for everyone. In the end, the premium increase was a mere 7 percent.
"We knew we were facing a death spiral," says Wing-Heier. "We knew even though it was a federal law, we had to do something."
Now other states are interested in trying Alaska's idea, especially because Wing-Heier is working with the Trump administration to have the federal government, not the state, cover those costs.
There are rampant concerns about the future of Obamacare right now. We don't know whether its marketplaces will remain stable in 2018 or, as the president has predicted, explode as premiums rise and insurers drop out. But Alaska's experiment is a reminder that the future of Obamacare isn't entirely up to Republicans in Washington. The work happening 3,000 miles away in Alaska shows that states have the ability to fix Obamacare too — and that the Trump administration might even support those policies.
How Alaska prevented an Obamacare horror story — and is trying to make the federal government pay for it
Premiums in the individual market went up a lot last year. The national average was a 25 percent hike. Alaska was bracing for an even higher 42 percent increase from its one remaining Obamacare insurer, Premera Blue Cross.
That's when Wing-Heier and other Alaska officials had an idea. The state already had a tax on insurance plans (not just health but also life and property insurance). Usually the money goes to a general Alaska budget fund, but the state decided to divert $55 million of the tax revenue into a reinsurance program.
This would give Obamacare insurers — at this point, just Premera — extra money if they had some especially large medical claims. Reinsurance essentially backstops insurers' losses; it guarantees they won't be on the hook for the bills of a handful of exceptionally sick patients.
The new reinsurance program convinced Premera to only raise rates 7 percent in 2017. Alaska suddenly went from having one of the highest rate increases in the nation to one of the lowest.
This didn't just save customers money. The federal government subsidizes premium costs for 86 percent of Alaska's Obamacare enrollees. With cheaper premiums, the federal government didn't have to spend as much money. The cost of these subsidies fell by $56 million when Alaska created the reinsurance fund.
This got Wing-Heier thinking: Why shouldn't we get that money back?
"Why shouldn't the money come back to us to fund the reinsurance program?" she recalls thinking. "It was that simple."
Alaska applied for a waiver in late December, asking the federal government to refund its spending. The state got conditional approval in mid-January from former Health and Human Services Secretary Sylvia Mathews Burwell. Current HHS Secretary Tom Price has spoken favorably of the Alaska approach too.
In a letter last month to governors, he described their idea as an example for other states to follow. It was, he said, an "opportunity for states to lower premiums for consumers, improve market stability, and increase consumer choice."
Alaska officials say the Trump administration has so far been easy to work with, helping them make sure the application looks right and moves quickly toward review.
If the waiver does go through — and Wing-Heier says she is "confident" the Trump administration will approve it — Alaska expects that Obamacare rates might actually do something unheard of in 2018: They might decrease. The state estimates that an additional 1,650 people will join the marketplace due to the lower premiums.
Other states want to get that same kind of funding too
Alaska's marketplace is far from perfect. The state only has one insurance plan selling coverage on its Obamacare marketplace, and doesn't project any more to join in 2018. Premiums are high in Alaska; the state is large and rural, which means it can be expensive to get patients to a hospital or a specialty doctor. A midlevel plan on the Obamacare marketplace there cost, on average, $904 in 2017.
But even with those problems, Wing-Heier says, it's still a whole lot better than where the state would have been without this policy change.
"Do I think it's a perfect solution? No, but it works for us," she says. "It's working in the right direction. It did what it was intended. It brought stability to our market, and the waiver is going to bring funding to us."
Alaska's approach has inspired other states. Minnesota is looking into building a reinsurance fund. At the insurance conference I went to last weekend, regulators from New York were asking lots of questions about Alaska's approach.
It's easy to see why this is appealing to other states, given the combination of additional federal money and lower Obamacare premiums. Most interesting, though, is that Alaska's approach is something the Trump and Obama administrations apparently agree on. There aren't many examples of that right now — so the ones that exist are certainly worth watching.
Not Just Eating Bugs For Money! A Story Of 'Survivor' And Strategy
Enlarge this image toggle caption Monty Brinton/CBS Monty Brinton/CBS
The most famous scene in the first season of Survivor, back in the summer of 2000, involved the castaways, who were very hungry indeed, catching and cooking a rat, then tentatively picking meat off the bones. There was also a challenge that involved eating grubs as quickly as possible. This pretty much sealed the fate of the show's reputation early on among people who didn't watch it: it was essentially one big show called Eating Bugs For Money, and its pleasures were purely exploitative, so low of brow that nothing was visible except the bottom of the barrel.
This was a distortion, of course, as are most reputations held by non-viewers of most television shows — and most notions of anything held primarily by people who lack firsthand knowledge.
Wednesday night, in honor of the thirtieth — THIRTIETH! — season of Survivor, which kicks off with a 90-minute premiere, let me tell you about my favorite tribal council in Survivor history, plunked in almost the precise middle of the show's run, in the mostly unheralded fourteenth season, set in Fiji. (They call it Survivor: Fiji, I call it Survivor: Nice People vs. Jerks.)
The setup was this: There were nine people left, roughly divided into two four-person teams with one person in the middle. On one side (we'll call them Team Earl) were Earl, Cassandra, Boo and Yau-Man. These were the ones I liked. On the other side (Team Alex) were Alex, Edgardo, Mookie and Dreamz — who were all arrogant young dudes who called themselves "The Four Horsemen" (apparently not knowing this made one of them "Pestilence"). The floater was Stacy, a person nobody really entirely liked, but everybody obviously wanted to win over to their side, because if they did, they'd have a 5-4 advantage and could knock off the other team one person at a time.
The wrinkle: this was after the show had introduced "hidden immunity idols," which were little necklaces hidden around camp that had to be found using a series of clues. If you found one, you could keep it a secret, or you could tell other people (but nobody could steal the idol from you if they found it in your stuff, and it seems like you had to hand it over before tribal council if you wanted somebody else to use it, though I'm not sure whether that's the case). If you had an immunity idol, you could play it at tribal council to save yourself after everybody voted, but before the votes were announced. Meaning that (1) people had to vote not knowing who might be holding onto one, and (2) you had to play it not knowing whether you needed to — not knowing whether anyone voted for you. Any votes for someone who had played an idol would be thrown out, and whoever got the next most votes would be voted off.
Still with me? Starting to see how there might actually be strategy involved here?
Okay. So. At this point, each team had in its possession one idol to use, which they could hand to whomever they wanted, based on who might need it. In theory, see, if you could guess which of your members the other team was voting for, you could give that person the idol and have them play it, and then all the other team's votes would get neutralized and you would zap them instead — and this would work even if they had a 5-4 advantage, because if you can get all their five votes not to count, as long as your four votes — or three votes, or even two votes — still count, you decide who gets booted out of the game.
Team Earl successfully recruited Stacy, so they had the 5-4 advantage. HOWEVER, this was also the first time Dreamz (this is what he called himself; I don't write this stuff) found out for the first time that his team, Team Alex, had an idol kicking around, which Mookie had at the time, and he wondered why they hadn't told him before. (In other words: "That's great news! Buuuuuut, the fact that you didn't tell me earlier makes me think we're not really friends.")
So Dreamz, whose allegiances were always constructed from the sturdiest mounds of mashed potatoes, decided to defect to Team Earl also, and he brought along the bonus of telling them that Mookie had the idol. Therefore, they should not vote for Mookie, they should vote for Alex, they decided. BUT THEN, Alex decided that he felt like they might vote for him, so he got Mookie to give him the idol. Dreamz — whose was now basically a spy for Team Earl — came back and told them that he saw Mookie slip the idol to Alex, so now they should not vote for Alex, they should vote for Mookie.
Here was Team Earl's dilemma: either Dreamz was telling them the truth, in which case they should vote for Mookie, or Dreamz was lying and spying for Team Alex to fool them into voting wrong — see? — and Mookie did still have it, and they needed to vote for Alex. Mookie or Alex? Mookie or Alex?
Stacy — the member of the team nobody had originally particularly wanted — found the simple, elegant solution: vote off Edgardo. She successfully identified this as not a real dilemma, because the two choices they were considering weren't the only choices. Vote for Edgardo, and for heaven's sake don't tell Dreamz, because if he is a spy, he'll just go back and tell them and they'll give the thing to Edgardo.
Stiiiiiiiiiiill with me?
So as we went to tribal council, Team Alex (not including Dreamz) was going to vote for Cassandra, believing they'd have four votes for her (Mookie, Edgardo, Alex and Dreamz), which would trump the five votes for Alex (Boo, Stacy, Earl, Yau-Man and Cassandra) once Alex plunked down the idol he got from Mookie. Five members of Team Earl (Boo, Stacy, Earl, Yau-Man and Cassandra) knew they were voting for Edgardo.
And poor old Dreamz, who made all this possible, believed he was part of a six-vote majority going for Mookie.
The votes were cast! Jeff Probst asked if anyone wanted to play an idol! Alex got up and handed over his idol, making him immune from the vote! And the best part: ABSOLUTELY EVERYONE believed that at this moment, everything was going according to plan. There is not a single face at this tribal council that does not look smug when Alex plays his idol. Alex himself, an arrogant attorney who would later give one of the most embarrassingly indignant speeches ever about having been voted off, looks like he's about to close his eyes and reveal that one eyelid says "BOO" and the other one says "YAH."
Here's Alex, shooting a look at the other team like, "Sorry, bro, YOU CAN'T GET ME!"
Screenshot
Here's Earl, looking back.
Screenshot
GAAAAAAAH IT'S SO GOOD.
So Probst starts by reading the Cassandra votes. One, two, three, four. Everybody still looks happy. Then he reads Dreamz' vote for Mookie, and Dreamz looks happy.
And then he reads the first vote for Edgardo, and the greatest sequence of facial expressions maybe in the history of television ensues. Edgardo's face deflates. Alex's face deflates. Earl grins and nods. GAAAAAAH IT'S STILL SO GOOD.
There's a reason I told you this long, involved, exclamation-filled story. This is a story of watching a couple of people who aren't very likable lose a million dollars, fair and square, because they got outfoxed. Don't get me wrong — I wouldn't ever wish any actual harm on any of these people; it's just television. But much like it's fun to watch a fantastically great athlete and person beat an athlete who seems like a jerk in a contest that's just a contest and doesn't actually hurt anybody, it's really fun when unappealing contestants lose through their own folly, and the more full of themselves they are in the run-up to their vanquishing, the more they talk about how much they're controlling everything, the better it feels.
Yes, you have your "it's all fake!" people, and of course, these things are edited and storylines are created. But I've met a certain number of people who have been on these shows, and never have I thought, "Wow, my feelings were the result of careful editing, because this person is not the way they appeared on television at all." Nor have I ever had one say, "You know this other person who was on the show with me? Really not the way they appeared at all; that was manufactured by the show." People are more complicated than they seem, sure, but that applies in any setting — people you know only at work are more complicated if you see their home lives. All perspectives on other people are limited and lacking in nuance when they occur at a distance, whether it's on television, on the internet, or in person.
And people do watch for the fights and the bug-eating; that happens. But me, I watch for this actual gameplay, where folks actually try to figure out how to win a game with a lot of moving parts. And much as I wish they'd stop tinkering with the format, I will be back, for the ... thirtieth time.
I'm just always chasing that face-falling moment. Chasing it forever.
The summers when 20th century celebrities such as Greta Garbo and Jackie Gleason frequented the beach resorts that hugged the shores of Lake Ronkonkoma are long gone. Now the pavilions have vanished, the shores are contaminated with trash, and the polluted water often poses a health threat. Twice in July swimming was banned because of high levels of bacteria.
Considering its present condition, it's hard to imagine that Lake Ronkonkoma ever drew thousands of people. Today it's earned a reputation as a symbol of environmental neglect because an assortment of municipalities is either unwilling or unable to cut through the bureaucratic tangle of red tape that surrounds Long Island's largest freshwater body.
The policy failures resonate far beyond its shores. Between historic poor land-use decisions that placed unsewered homes around the lake leeching nitrogen into the water and unresolved municipal hand-wringing over how to best address the area's economic blight, its ongoing plight serves as a microcosm of LI's larger regional challenges.
Thanks to the Island's many layers of governance and a distinct lack of coordination among them, our environment suffers. Our wastewater woes continue unabated, traffic congestion goes unaddressed, and unwise development choices continue. Fragmentation is the enemy of regional cohesion and planning.
Recently Suffolk County Legis. Leslie Kennedy (R-Nesconset), whose legislative district includes Lake Ronkonkoma, explained the complex situation to CBS reporter Jennifer McLogan.
“The bottom of the lake is owned by the Town of Islip, and some of the shore,” Kennedy said. “The Town of Smithtown has a small portion, the Town of Brookhaven has a portion, and the County of Suffolk has a portion.”
This municipal mix has led to inaction—a concept all too familiar to Long Islanders—when it comes to dealing with the debris and pollution that plague the lake.
After featuring Lake Ronkonkoma in her upbeat historic retrospective, News 12 Long Island's Danielle Campbell learned first-hand how the once charmed area of her youth had suffered after years of neglect.
“My grandparents lived a block from the lake for more than 30 years,” Campbell recently told the Press. “I always knew the lake was in trouble. When I saw the burnt-out book store crumbling down into the lake's shoreline, I knew something had to change.”
Last September, the Book House, a book shop dating back to the early 1920s, burned to the ground after being shuttered for almost a decade. Its charred rubble spread from the shoreline into the water. According to Campbell, the county finally intends to address the issue this fall. But the question remains: Why did it take so long?
To Campbell, Lake Ronkonkoma occupies the intersection of public funding and bureaucratic indifference.
“Unfortunately, Lake Ronkonkoma is under the jurisdiction of four municipalities,” Campbell said. “Because of this, [the] responsibilities, goals and vision for the lake and its surrounding area are fragmented and unclear.”
As a result, this mostly working-class area has been neglected for far too long.
“It is hard to imagine other Suffolk County waterfront communities such as Stony Brook or Brightwaters facing a similar fate of dumped trash, piles of construction debris, broken glass, hypodermic needles and a water quality that at most times is deemed toxic,” she noted.
She may be onto something. The Setauket Mill Pond in Frank Melville Park was choked and clogged with invasive weeds until a dedicated effort got underway that involved the park's trust foundation, local residents, the local civic organization, New York State Department of Environmental Conservation and the Town of Brookhaven. Together, they took concrete steps to forge a plan and address the issue.
Meanwhile, Lake Ronkonkoma remains dirty and its beaches are strewn with litter. But this is a problem with a long history. Its water quality began deteriorating after World War II, when residences without sewers started multiplying around its shore.
Since all lakes and streams on Long Island are fed by groundwater, Lake Ronkonkoma's low water table has caused trouble for its homeowners, whose houses shouldn't have been built there in the first place—a fact that residents and their realtors still seem to be largely unaware of. It's led to headaches for those who had to fill their basements with cement to prevent flooding and to leaky cesspools discharging nitrogen into the lake. Local woes have grown while official responses have stagnated.
In fact, the most actively involved branch of government in Lake Ronkonkoma seems to be the Suffolk Health Department, which is constantly banning swimming due to elevated bacteria levels after every heavy rainfall. A quick search on Google shows just how badly the water quality degrades after these runoffs.
According to Campbell, an inter-municipal task force formed four years ago to address the lake's woes, but they never met once. But change could finally be coming. Only recently, after residents came together and formed called the Lake Ronkonkoma Improvement Group, did this task force schedule a meeting for September.
The flurry of activity and publicity is welcome. Meanwhile, the DEC must join with Suffolk County to curb the runoff that chokes the lake with bacteria and curb the nitrogen loadings, and the lake's municipal partners must coordinate their efforts to clean up the debris and improve the area's quality of life.
Lake Ronkonkoma will never replace the Hamptons. But if our local governments can't clean up a two-mile long lakefront, how can we trust them to protect our drinking water or preserve our open space?
Rich Murdocco writes about Long Island's land use and real estate development issues. He received his Master's in Public Policy at Stony Brook University, where he studied regional planning under Dr. Lee Koppelman, Long Island's esteemed master planner. More of his views can be found on TheFoggiestIdea.org or follow him on Twitter @TheFoggiestIdea.
I was chatting with a colleague the other day. She knows her science very well and she is no kind of moralistic posturer. Nevertheless she came up with the kind of knee jerk in the conversation with which most of us are familiar.
She was talking about some television redneck who apparently said, in a prominent outlet, that the lives of American Black people were not so bad.I recalled something I read years ago from a group at, I think, Ohio State University. (I may have this completely garbled.) Their finding, from skeletal remains, was that the US Black slave population was better fed and in apparent better health than northern factory workers. I pointed out that the redneck may not have been utterly nuts.
She looked at me in horror and said “would you want to be a slave?” I have no ambition to be or to have been a slave but that has nothing on earth to do with data about comparative health and nutrition of the populations in the discussion. She knew better of course, especially when I pointed out what a silly thing to say that that was. Even competent intelligent people like her have trouble keeping straight in their heads what ought to have been and what actually was. Are the human sciences, so called, forever condemned to putting up with this sort of reaction?
Imagine a biochemist, say, who told his colleagues that he had discovered a new mechanism of oncogenesis. They reacted in horror: “how would you like to have cancer?” We can't imagine such a response from scientists yet in the human social and behavioral sciences it happens every day.
Advertisements
by Brett Stevens on February 2, 2016
What is going on across the West? People are not having babies, they are withdrawing from society, and most of all, they are miserable. We can tell their misery by their daily behavior and their long-term plans. People are not having families and babies and working toward anything larger than jobs and hobbies. They are retreating into themselves.
The biggest reason for this is that they have been made to work for others who contribute nothing. The average person works 50% of his time to pay for the welfare state, and then adds more hours to compete in a society hell-bent on replacing him. This puts him in a position of constantly being stressed, exhausted and frustrated while slaving away for a future he cannot turn his brain off enough to believe in.
Evidence is increasingly leaking out that stress destroys us at a biological level:
A major review of published research suggests that chronic stress and anxiety can damage areas of the brain involved in emotional responses, thinking and memory, leading to depression and even Alzheimerâ€™s disease. Dr Linda Mah, the lead author of the review carried out at a research institute affiliated to the University of Toronto, said: â€œPathological anxiety and chronic stress are associated with structural degeneration and impaired functioning of the hippocampus and the prefrontal cortex, which may account for the increased risk of developing neuropsychiatric disorders, including depression and dementia.â€
These studies are new because, in the society created by a workers' revolt, the only thing sacred is that we all go to work every day and slave away to pay for the rest of them. That includes the welfare state, a multitude of diversity payments, and benefits and salaries to the legion of bureaucrats who claim to be implementing those. In reality, the entire payment goes to parasites and drains us.
Stress is caused by worry, frustration and relentless activity that does not have immediate feedback of success. We wonder if we are doing the right thing, we puzzle over the future and our existential happiness, and we push back nagging doubts as we grind on. Slowly it kills us, both from within and without, but worse, it destroys our chance of happiness.
The only health ideal for a society is independence from guilt for the condition of anyone else. If they are dying, we cannot look at the correlation and declare it as causation. We must look to the cause, or just not worry about it. Most humanity has always been dysfunctional and this is why societies choke on their own masses. Their dysfunction should not concern the functional, who should be able to rise — and then rule over the dysfunctional.
Guilt is a backward-looking emotion. It has no hope for a better future, and so looks to try to divide up the spoils of the past so that people now “feel better.” In the process, it eats away the good people from within, and with their loss, the hope for the civilization — which benefits good and bad alike — also vanishes.
Tags: collapse, decay, decline, ptsd, stress
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
Tuesday's massive Democratic landslide cannot be seen as anything but a repudiation of the Republican Party's tenure in power. Combined with the equally large Democratic victory in 2006, Republicans have now lost the presidency, more than 50 House seats, and at least a dozen seats in the Senate in just two years.
Pundits on both left and right are saying that this represents a final verdict on the Bush administration's eight years in office.
But, how far beyond the Bush presidency does the voters' desire for change go? If voters have clearly rejected Republicans, have they also turned against the whole idea of conservatism - at least as defined by a belief in limited government?
To suggest that in electing Barack Obama and a Democratic congressional majority, voters were choosing big government and liberalism over small government and conservatism would imply that either the Bush administration, the current Republican congressional leadership, or, for that matter, John McCain, actually supported smaller government.
But even before the Wall Street bailout, President Bush spent money in a way that would make any liberal proud.
When Bush took office, the federal budget totaled $1.9 trillion. This year it will top $3 trillion, with a deficit of nearly $400 billion. And that was before the massive bailout of Wall Street.
Under President Bush, domestic discretionary spending has increased faster than under any president since Lyndon Johnson launched the Great Society.
Not a single major government program or agency was eliminated.
According to an analysis of 25 major government programs by USA Today, enrollment increased an average of 17 percent in the programs, while the nation's population grew by only 5 percent.
John McCain and George W. Bush lost this election.
This increase represents the largest five-year expansion of the welfare state since the Great Society in the 1960s. Spending on these social programs is up an inflation-adjusted 22 percent since President Bush took office. Growing enrollment was responsible for most of the spending increase, but higher benefits also contributed.
The Bush administration strong-armed Congress into passing the first new entitlement program in 40 years, an unfunded Medicare prescription drug benefit that could add as much as $11.2 trillion to the program's unfunded liabilities. The administration dramatically increased federal control over local schools while increasing federal education spending by nearly 61 percent. Farm price supports, pork- barrel spending and earmarks all increased under Bush.
Nor has Bush been a champion of deregulation.
In fact, one searches in vain for a major piece of deregulation that passed during the last eight years. On the contrary, it was the Bush administration that pushed through Sarbanes-Oxley and other regulatory measures. Overall, the Bush administration has added more than 7,000 pages of regulations to the Federal Register.
True, President Bush did push through some modest tax cuts. But they were tiny when measured against total tax revenues - just 1.6 percent of the government's take. In 2006, federal taxes represented 18.4 percent of GDP, just one-tenth of a percent less than they did in 1995, during the Clinton administration.
By almost every measure, government grew bigger, more expensive and more intrusive under President Bush and the Republican Congress.
McCain may have rhetorically criticized government spending, notably earmarks, but he consistently backed bigger and more activist government, whether backing the Wall Street bailout or calling for a $300 billion bailout of delinquent mortgages. By most measures he supported only slightly less government spending than did Obama.
Polls show that Republican losses were heaviest among upscale suburban voters who tend to be economically conservative but socially moderate. These formerly reliable Republican voters did not suddenly decide that they wanted a bigger, more expensive and more intrusive government. Faced with the big-government status quo or big-government “change,” they opted for change.
John McCain and George W. Bush lost this election.
But a rejection of Reagan-Goldwater style small-government conservatism?
Not in the least.
His visit came out of nowhere and the whole process of recruiting him was shorter than most. But that was all of the time Class of 2018, five-star big man Silvio De Sousa needed to discover that Kansas was the right place for him.
Wednesday morning, during a layover in Germany on his way back home to Angola, the 6-foot-9, 244-pound De Sousa told the Journal-World that he had orally committed to Kansas last Sunday, at the end of his official visit to Lawrence last weekend.
By Monday night, De Sousa was on a plane bound for his home country so he could play for Angola in the upcoming FIBA Afrobasket 2017, Sept. 8-16 in Senegal and Tunisia.
“When I was there in Kansas, I couldn't even express myself or how I was feeling,” De Sousa told the Journal-World. “When you love something, there's no way you will describe it. I knew about their basketball but I didn't know about the campus, the coaches and stuff like that. I felt like that was the place I wanted to be, the culture and the coaches were so great around me. That's one of the things I've been looking for and I found that in them.”
De Sousa said he was so comfortable with the entire KU program, from the players and coaches to their wives and the program's support staff, that he knew before he left that he did not need to see any other programs.
“Once I find what I want, what I've been looking for, I wouldn't like to take any more visits,” he said. “Kansas is my final destination.”
Ranked No. 18 nationally by Rivals.com, and No. 30 overall by the 247 Sports composite rankings, De Sousa chose Kansas over heavy interest from Florida, Illinois, Kentucky, Louisville, Maryland, North Carolina, Syracuse and others.
The Angola native who has been living with a guardian in Florida for nearly four years said his first contact with Kansas came during his freshman year in Florida. But the process really picked up this summer, according to De Sousa, who has drawn comparisons to former Kentucky forward Julius Randle and former Kansas standout Thomas Robinson.
As is the case with most of the top talent in the country, 247 Sports reported that the Jayhawks offered a scholarship to De Sousa this Spring. But the belief from most recruiting services was that Maryland was the team to beat. That changed over the weekend, when De Sousa liked what he saw from Kansas so much that he decided to end the process and commit.
“It was the family atmosphere,” De Sousa's guardian, Fenny Falmagne, told the Journal-World via telephone from his home in Florida. “Any time you go to a place where you feel like you've known the people for years and years, it makes a difference. I was joking with (KU) Coach (Bill) Self like he was a guy I had known for 10 years and it was my first time meeting him. So that speaks volumes.”
Falmagne, 31, said the decision to visit KU last weekend took on the feel of a family deciding on a whim to hop in the car to visit old friends.
“Coach Self said, ‘When do you want to do it,'” Falmagne recalled. “And I was like, ‘We're not doing anything this weekend.' And he said, ‘OK, let's do it this weekend.' That's really how it went. The whole visit set up was just about being comfortable with each other. And he committed because we wanted to get this out of the way so he can focus on his academics and his national team and all that kind of stuff. But Kansas is where he wants to go and we're not taking any more visits.”
As for the visit to Kansas, Falmagne said the strong family vibe that both he and De Sousa felt from the entire KU roster, both on the phone prior to the visit and in person last weekend, inspired De Sousa to end his recruitment.
“I was just highly impressed and I've talked to a bunch of coaches,” said Falmagne, originally from the Republic of the Congo, who added that he has worked as a guardian with around 16 college basketball players during the past several years. “They were not trying to put on a show, we didn't see fancy stuff or gold plates or anything like that. Everything was simple and they really focused on Silvio and who he was and what he needs. That's what made the difference. Silvio saw that and said, ‘This feels like home. I want this.'”
Added De Sousa, who will turn 19 on Oct. 7: “I wanted a place I will be happy and I feel like Kansas is that place.”
The National Weather Service (NWS) Baltimore/Washington office, in collaboration with the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers, United States Geological Survey, City of Alexandria, and District Department of Environment and Energy, has now added three new flood inundation map libraries to the Advanced Hydrologic Prediction Service (AHPS) web portal for portions of the Potomac River. These inundation map libraries show extent and depth of a freshwater flood on the Potomac River from near Fletcher's Cove in Northwest DC to just above the mouth of Broad Creek in Prince George's County, Maryland, a distance of approximately 14 miles. Potential backwater flooding of tributaries by the Potomac is also represented within this reach, including on Cameron Run, Oxon Run, Four Mile Run, and the Anacostia River.
You can view a recorded version of an online training session at this link from the DC Department of Energy & Environment. We hope to post a more concise version of the website demonstration before the end of the year.
Locations Available
Each inundation library is associated with a NWS river forecast point, and extends for a reasonable distance north and south of each location, providing a seamless connection between all three. They are available for the following forecast locations and reaches:
Potomac River at Georgetown/Wisconsin Avenue (GTND2)
Link to Forecast: https://water.weather.gov/ahps2/hydrograph.php?wfo=lwx&gage=gtnd2
Link to Mapping: https://water.weather.gov/ahps2/inundation/index.php?gage=gtnd2
This map area extends from near Fletcher's Cove in Northwest DC to just south of the I-66 Roosevelt Bridge, and includes potential backwater flooding on Rock Creek. This map covers portions of the District of Columbia and Arlington County, as shown below. This includes the following notable areas/landmarks: Fletcher's Cove, portions of the George Washington Memorial Parkway, the Georgetown waterfront area, Roosevelt Island, the Kennedy Center, and the Watergate Complex.
Washington Channel at DC Southwest Waterfront (WASD2)
Link to Forecast: https://water.weather.gov/ahps2/hydrograph.php?wfo=lwx&gage=wasd2
Link to Mapping: https://water.weather.gov/ahps2/inundation/index.php?gage=wasd2
Although this forecast location is on Washington Channel, modeling indicates it is also representative of the Potomac River from just south of the I-66 Roosevelt Bridge to near the mouth of Four Mile Run, just south of Reagan National Airport. This includes potential backwater flooding of Four Mile Run, both Washington Channel and Boundary Channel, the Tidal Basin, and the entire portion of the Anacostia River within Washington DC. Freshwater flooding of tributaries, including the Anacostia, is not considered in these maps. This map covers much of the District of Columbia, a portion of Arlington County, and a small portion of the City of Alexandria, as shown below. This includes the following notable areas/landmarks: The Reflecting Pool, Vietnam Memorial, Korean War Memorial, Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. Memorial, FDR Memorial, Jefferson Memorial, WWII Memorial, Constitution Gardens, The Ellipse, Federal Triangle area, Smithsonian Museums, National Gallery of Art, the eastern half of the National Mall, U.S. Botanic Garden, 3rd Street Tunnel, much of SW DC, Maine Avenue, Fort McNair, Buzzard Point, Navy Yard, Anacostia Park, National Arboretum, Anacostia Water Gardens, northern portions of Joint Base Anacostia-Bolling, East Potomac Park, Haines Point, Columbia Island, portions of the George Washington Memorial Parkway, Reagan National Airport, and portions of the City of Alexandria near Four Mile Run.
Potomac River at Alexandria (AXTV2)
Link to Forecast: https://water.weather.gov/ahps2/hydrograph.php?wfo=lwx&gage=axtv2
Link to Mapping: https://water.weather.gov/ahps2/inundation/index.php?gage=axtv2
This map area extends from near the mouth of Four Mile Run to just north of the mouth of Broad Creek near Fort Foote, Maryland, including potential backwater flooding of Cameron Run and Oxon Run. This map covers a portion of the District of Columbia, most of the City of Alexandria, and portions of Fairfax County and Prince George's County, as shown below. This includes the following notable areas/landmarks: lower portions of Joint Base Anacostia-Bolling, portions of the George Washington Memorial Parkway, most of the City of Alexandria including Cameron Run, National Harbor, Belle View/Belle Haven, and Huntington.
About Inundation Mapping
Inundation maps provide information on the spatial extent and depth of flood waters in the vicinity of these forecast points. Users will be able to display flood inundation maps for various levels ranging from minor flooding to well above the largest observed flood. An option is also available to display the map most closely related to the current NWS forecast.
Flood inundation maps, combined with river observations and NWS forecasts, enhance the communication of flood risk, provide users with additional information to better mitigate the impacts of flooding, and build more resilient communities.
These flood inundation maps and associated geospatial data (shapefiles) are available through the AHPS portal at https://water.weather.gov/ahps
A complete list of flood inundation map locations Nationwide is online at https://water.weather.gov/ahps/inundation.php
A user guide for the flood inundation map web interface is available at: https://water.weather.gov/ahps2/inundation/inundation_mapping_user_guide.pdf
A video explaining use of the local maps will be made available in September 2016. Check back here for the link when available.
About This Project
These inundation maps were developed as an interagency effort of the District of Columbia Silver Jackets team, made up of the Philadelphia and Baltimore Districts of the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers (USACE); the United States Geological Survey (USGS) Water Science Center for Maryland, Delaware, and DC; the National Weather Service (NWS), the National Park Service (NPS), the D.C. Department of Energy and the Environment (DC DOEE), the National Capital Planning Commission (NCPC), and representatives from D.C., Arlington, Fairfax, and Prince George's Counties and the City of Alexandria. The maps are available on the AHPS portal thanks to funding from DC DOEE and the City of Alexandria.
What About Tidal Mapping?
Although freshwater flooding typically causes more widespread and severe flooding on the Potomac, tidal flooding occurs with a greater frequency. The same project referenced above also produced tidal inundation map libraries in addition to the freshwater libraries. A subset of these tidal maps are available on the AHPS portal. The full suite of tidal maps (extent only, not depth) are available for viewing on a separate site. In many cases, especially south of Georgetown, the differences between the freshwater maps and tidal maps for equivalent heights are insignificant, so the freshwater maps can be used no matter the cause of the flooding.
What About Tributaries?
These maps depict inundation extent and depth caused by Potomac River freshwater only . Streams that flow into the Potomac, such as Rock Creek, the Anacostia River, and Cameron Run, called tributaries, often flood from freshwater as well, but the modeling does not take that into account. Similarly, the tidal mapping is valid within the tidal reach of the tributary streams, but if freshwater flows are simultaneously occurring -- which does happen on these small streams -- the inundation extent may be more significant than what is shown on the tributary streams.
Do You Have Questions?
Send us an email.
So here we are… for the past four weeks on every Monday I have posted about several topics: the “before” me, positivity, faith, and love.
Now I speak about transformation. I speak about the start of the “after” me.
All the way back at the first entry (Motivational Monday: The Beginning) I sort of gave away who this last entry would be about… and if last's weeks entry regarding the Jarrett's confused you to begin with, then this entry is going to surprise you even more. I said something in that first entry that gave away who this entry would be about if you watch TNA Wrestling or follow it at all…
I spoke about what people thought of me and what I had thought of me.. but I mentioned that not a lot of people really knew who I was…
Well DO YOU KNOW WHO I AM??
The ultimate transformation in professional wrestling of the past few years, in my opinion, was that of Mark LoMonaco and Devon Hughes… better known as Bully Ray and D-Von.
They were, back in the day, a pretty good tag team that grew in to arguably the greatest tag team that professional wrestling had ever seen. They've held the tag team titles for every major American organization and even held the IWGP Tag Team Titles as well. There was nothing that they hadn't done in Tag Team Wrestling… this in turn kept organizations using them in the same way.. the dominant tag team that nobody could shine a light against. Occasionally they would help put over an up and coming tag team, but every time they would be broken apart and start singles careers, the organizations they were in would always put them back together before they had a chance to develop anything on their own.
(Obviously I'm not an expert in this field but) their physical well being was not what you would consider “fit”. Both of them were, most likely, overweight according to their numbers and since they were still “successful” they had no reason to change their ways.
Now let's just take a look at some before and afters of both of them…
First up is D-Von (before is on the left, after is on the right):
Those photos alone were very motivational for me…
Now on to Bully Ray (same as before; before on the left and after on the right):
Such a transformation!
Both of these individuals were set in their ways for years… YEARS. They took the chance and they reinvented themselves… they transformed themselves.. and now they are better because of it.
Sound familiar? From the start that's all I've wanted to do. I was set in my ways… but I'm taking the chance and I'm trying to reinvent myself. I'm trying to transform myself… and I will be better because of it.
Now this transformation does focus on the physical well-being aspect… but it can apply to everything that you feel is going wrong in your life. Are you being bullied? Take the chance and take action… be it by getting help to handle the situation or by standing up to the bully to show that you are not going to take it anymore. Are you in a domestic violence situation? Do what is right for you.. realize that it is not your fault it's happening to you and protect yourself… choose to take action. Are you like me and upset about your weight? Choose to take action and to start working at it.. no matter how small the first step must be.
Transformation can be hard… it can be difficult… that's why it takes more than just choosing to take action to do it.. you have to have a strong foundation in something…
For me those “pillars” have been the same for a long time… it's been something I've talked about in the last few weeks.. My foundation to transformation is positivity… faith… and love.
Once I started to see these qualities and wanted them to be stronger in my life, thanks to Elijah, Steve, Jeff & Karen, and now Mark & Devon… I am now more confident that I will complete this transformation.
So far these three foundations have helped me come a way…
That's January 1, 2011 on the left… and a few weeks ago on the right.
Not too bad.. but I'm not done yet… I AIN'T EVAH GONNA STOP!!
Through these things I truly have felt like I have transformed already in some ways.. I have changed on the inside, now I just need the outside to reflect that. Recently my wife even got a charm to put on my cross necklace that I love because it represents the new me…
Changed… for the better.
So there you have it… the foundation to my change. These people have helped motivate me to push myself harder than I ever have before.
So after reading through these past entries and today's entry… does it make you feel motivated? Does it give you the willpower to take that first step?
Well does it?
ARE… YOU…. MOTIVATED????!?!???!?!?
Advertisements
Dirkson explores some similarities and differences in related genres.
Posted by dirkson on Dec 1st, 2012
Minecraft is a pretty swell game - It's a ton of fun, and it did a lot of things really well. We've used some ideas from it in our game - Intuitive landscape editing with left and right click and an alpha funding model, among a couple others.
But I'm constantly asked whether ScrumbleShip is a Minecraft clone. I mean, we're both voxel games, and Minecraft started that genre, right?
Nope! Minecraft isn't voxel, and ScrumbleShip is. And that makes a HUGE difference.
To understand what's going on, we first need to understand "Voxel". "Voxel" is a combination of the words "VOlumetric" and "piXEL". Just as a pixel is the smallest division of a 2D plane, rendered in a single color, a voxel is the smallest division of a 3D space, rendered in a single color. They can be any size or shape, but so long as they meet the above criteria, they're a voxel.
My hat rendered in orange and black voxels, with lighting effects. My hat rendered in orange and black voxels, with lighting effects.
So let's take a look a Minecraft and see how it fares. We have a grid of blocks, and those blocks don't have any subdivisions, so they're the smallest divisions of their space. So far, so good - Minecraft is definitely volumetric. But each of those blocks is textured with a vibrant 16x16 image - Each block is minecraft is NOT colored the same way a pixel is colored, but is instead divided even smaller. So Minecraft IS volumetric, but uses textures instead of colors, and therefore doesn't use voxels to render.
"But Dirkson", I hear you say, "YOUR game uses 16x16 textures too! You're not voxel either!"
Here's the trick: There isn't a single 3D texture in ScrumbleShip.
Each block in ScrumbleShip is composed of 16x16x16 tiny cubes, each of a specific color. Tiny divisions with an individual color? Why, that sounds like voxels! For every block minecraft deals with, we have to deal with 4096(16*16*16) voxels. An average scene culls from about 4 billion potential voxels to less than 100,000.
But it also means that we can do some amazing things that minecraft can't. Hit a block with a powerful weapon? Only the sections you hit fly off. Blow a hole in a passing clone? You can see white skeleton and red flesh inside. Smash an organic ship? Watch pieces of it heal before your eyes.
Is that... Lung? Is that... Lung?
I think one of the major reasons we ended up looking so similar is that we both chose 16 - Minecraft has 16x16 textures on each block, and we have 16x16x16 voxels per block. For obscure reasons related to binary, 16 is a nice round number for programmers to deal with. We did originally try 12x12x12 voxels, but that turned out a little too ugly, as you can see in the example below. Every time you double the dimensions, you octuple (x8!) the number of voxels needed - A 32x32x32 block, for example, would require 32,768 voxels instead of our 4096! 16x16x16 was simply the smallest round number we could make look good.
A little chunky. Ok, a lot chunky. A little chunky. Ok, a lot chunky.
Of course this isn't the only difference between the two games, just one of the largest and least obvious. The large amount of real-life accurate simulation is a huge difference- I mean, how many game developers stay up past midnight researching the specific heat capacity for various types of Chondrite? (A material many asteroids are made of) ScrumbleShip has a focus on simulation and accuracy shared by few games, but I'll leave a full explanation of that for a future article.
Cheers,
-Dirk
The 40-caliber handgun found in the Harlem River early Sunday morning has been matched through ballistics as the gun that killed NYPD Officer Randolph Holder.The gun had been missing since Officer Holder was shot and killed last Tuesday evening in East Harlem.A nearby fisherman heard a splash at the time of the shooting, and that was believed to be the gun hitting the water, triggering police to send dive teams in the water for what would be a multi-day search.Detectives said they believe the suspect, Tyrone Howard, threw that gun into the river after the shooting. He was arrested a short time later.Finding the gun wasn't an easy task for the NYPD's elite scuba team, which beat the odds in locating it in the swirling, murky waters of the river. Divers worked around the clock in some of the swiftest currents anywhere in New York.Detective John Mortimer was one of the two divers, who was groping with a waterproof flashlight at 3 a.m. Sunday."Pretty much on my stomach, my hand," Mortimer said.The divers found other items at the bottom of the river that may help with the investigation, including a spent round in the area where the gun was found."I just said, 'hey, great!' I just felt elated," Mortimer said.The gun will now be presented as evidence to the grand jury hearing evidence in the case against Howard. The grand jury is expected to act as soon as Tuesday.
Let's not look at grammar as a cold, harsh mistress. She can also be a fun, kooky aunt. Here are some tricks you can do to make crazy sounding sentences that are still grammatical.
1. One morning I shot an elephant in my pajamas. How he got into my pajamas I'll never know.
Take advantage of the fact that the same sentence can have two different structures. This famous joke from Groucho Marx assumes that most people expect the structure of the first part to be
One morning [I shot an elephant] [in my pajamas].
But another possible, and perfectly grammatical, reading is
One morning [I shot] [an elephant in my pajamas].
2. The horse raced past the barn fell.
Make a garden path sentence. In this one, we think we've reached the main verb when we get to "raced," but instead we are still inside a reduced relative clause. Reduced relative clauses let us say, "the speech given this morning" instead of "the speech that was given this morning" or, in this case "the horse raced past the barn" instead of "the horse that was raced past the barn."
3. The complex houses married and single soldiers and their families.
Another garden path sentence, this one depends on the fact that "complex," "houses," and "married" can serve as different parts of speech. Here, "complex" is a noun (a housing complex) instead of an adjective, "houses" is a verb instead of a noun, and "married" is an adjective instead of the past tense of a verb.
4. The rat the cat the dog chased killed ate the malt.
Make a sentence with multiple center embeddings. We usually have no problem putting one clause inside another in English. We can take "the rat ate the malt" and stick in more information to make "the rat the cat killed ate the malt." But the more clauses we add in, the harder it gets to understand the sentence. In this case, the rat ate the malt. After that it was killed by a cat. That cat had been chased by a dog. The grammar of the sentence is fine. The style, not so good.
5. Anyone who feels that if so many more students whom we haven't actually admitted are sitting in on the course than ones we have that the room had to be changed, then probably auditors will have to be excluded, is likely to agree that the curriculum needs revision.
Another crazy center-embedded sentence. Can you figure it out? Start with "anyone who feels X is likely to agree." Then go to "anyone who feels if X then Y is likely to agree." Then fill out the X and Y. You might need a pencil and paper.
6. Buffalo buffalo buffalo buffalo.
Buffalo! It's a noun! It's a city! It's a verb (meaning "to intimidate")! We've discussed the notorious buffalo sentence before, but it never stops being fun. It plays on reduced relative clauses, different part-of-speech readings of the same word, and center embedding, all in the same sentence. Stare at it until you get the following meaning: "Bison from Buffalo, New York, who are intimidated by other bison in their community, also happen to intimidate other bison in their community."
7. This exceeding trifling witling, considering ranting criticizing concerning adopting fitting wording being exhibiting transcending learning, was displaying, notwithstanding ridiculing, surpassing boasting swelling reasoning, respecting correcting erring writing, and touching detecting deceiving arguing during debating.
This sentence takes advantage of the versatile English –ing. The author of a 19th century grammar guide lamented the fact that one could "run to great excess" in the use of –ing participles "without violating any rule of our common grammars," and constructed this sentence to prove it. It doesn't seem so complicated once you realize it means,
"This very superficial grammatist, supposing empty criticism about the adoption of proper phraseology to be a show of extraordinary erudition, was displaying, in spite of ridicule, a very boastful turgid argument concerning the correction of false syntax, and about the detection of false logic in debate."
Not only is this a great example of the wonderful crazy things you can do within the bounds of proper English, it's the perfect response to pull out the next time someone tries to criticize your grammar.
Sources of sentences: 1. Groucho Marx; 2. Bever (1970); 3. Wikipedia; 4. Chomsky & Miller (1963); 5. Chomsky & Miller (1963); 6. William Rapaport; 7. Goold Brown (1851).
Over the last two years DJI has emerged as the world's most popular consumer drone maker, at least by revenue. And The Verge has learned that the company is currently in talks with Silicon Valley's top venture capital firms to potentially raise a new round of funding. Sources familiar with the negotiations say DJI reported around $500 million in revenue for 2014, roughly four times what it did in 2013, and is on pace to do about $1 billion in sales this year. The potential valuation of the company would be a healthy multiple of that, several billion dollars, although no deal has yet been finalized.
Forging a new category of consumer electronics
The company helped bring small, powerful drones to the masses with its Phantom line of quadcopters, our favorite unit during last year's testing. In doing so, the Shenzhen based firm became one of the first Chinese companies to help forge a new category of consumer electronics at global scale. The Phantom was simple enough for beginners, but powerful enough to interest serious hobbyists, professional photographers, and filmmakers. Last year we dubbed it "the kleenex of drones," and that ubiquity has become a very big business.
With over 2,800 employees, DJI now has offices in Shenzhen, Hong Kong, Los Angeles, Rotterdam, Tokyo, and Kobe. It sells several different variations of its Phantom drone, as well as its higher-end "prosumer" unit, the Inspire One, and its much larger S-class units. It also has a popular line of gimbals used for stabilizing cameras during flight, and has translated that technology into a handheld camera stabilizer, the Ronin, used by film and TV professionals.
CBI Insights found drone funding was up 104 percent between 2013 and 2014.
The company was founded in 2006 by Frank Wang, then a student at the Hong Kong University of Science and Technology. Originally DJI was centered on building flight control systems for model helicopters, which Wang had loved since childhood. But as multi-rotor drones began to gain popularity, Wang deftly turned the company toward that market.
The funding comes as competition heats up
Before the Phantom, most highly capable consumer drones were sold to serious hobbyists and required a lot of assembly and know-how. The French company, Parrot, had a simple, popular unit with its A.R. Drone, but that was not a very powerful craft. The Phantom represented the first relatively cheap drone that came ready to fly out of the box, but boasted top of the line flight control systems. They also had a potent pitchman in Colin Guinn, who we met for the first time at SXSW in 2012. North America represents DJI's biggest market.
Mr. Guinn has since left for rival drone maker 3D Robotics, which two weeks ago announced a $50 million round of funding led by Qualcomm. And Parrot recently released its own more powerful quadcopter, the Bebop, taking direct aim at DJI's Phantom line. Up until now, DJI had taken on relatively little outside capital, preferring to bootstrap the business. But as competition heats up, it is considering taking on venture capital to help maintain its lead and potentially branch out into new sectors of the booming drone market.
Verge Videos: Shooting down drones with deadmau5
If you'd strenuously avoided hearing anything about the second season of Netflix's runaway genre hit, Stranger Things, it would have been a surprise to turn up to the set of the show's second season, in Atlanta, GA, and see Millie Bobby Brown at crafty. After all, her character, Eleven, seemed to… depart in the finale of the first season, or at least move on, sacrificing herself to save her friends. But when you're dealing with a world of upside-down monsters, throw out the rule book. And so, at the facility used as the location of the creepy Hawkins Lab, I found Brown earlier in the year, coming to the end of production on Season 2 and teasing at the darkness that's ahead for a sleepy Indiana town. She's since been Emmy nominated for Stranger Things; another accolade for a young actress who is already making a big impact.
What has the last year been like for you, witnessing the stratospheric rise of Stranger Things?
Honestly, it's been unreal—it's been magical. I'm so grateful for the response that the show has gotten. We really didn't intend for it to blow up but we thought that this show was different, unique and had something to it that no other show really had. I didn't think Eleven would be that popular. I thought she would just be the sidekick, which I was OK with because I believed in the show. We met the President of the United States, [Barack] Obama. Nothing else could really get better than that.
Stranger Things
Why do you think your character, Eleven, has so resonated with people?
We really have such powerful roles in this show—everybody loves Hopper and Dustin and Mike. They all have got some really incredible traits to them, but Eleven I think resonates because she is different. She's an outcast, she's a freak, and that is why people relate to her. People love her for being a freak and for being different, and Mike loves her for being a unique character. That's, I think, why people related to her so much.
How did Stranger Things come to you, and what were your first thoughts about the project?
I was living in London at that time. I was at my house, just watching TV, and my parents were like, “There's this show called Montauk. It's supposed to be really great. They haven't even written the first episode yet, but they want you to audition for it. It's going to be a good show.”
I was doing the tape for it, and I just loved it. They called me back, and I was doing another tape for them. They called me back again. They took that tape and then they were like, “Alright, we want to do a Skype meeting with you now.”
Netflix
We didn't talk about the show once. We actually spoke about '80s movies and were talking about what my favorite things to do are, and what music I listen to. Then they were like, “Alright, we want you to fly to LA,” and I was like, “Wow, okay. They must be serious about this now.”
I went into the office and I saw one boy, one girl, Finn [Wolfhard], and then there was me. I went in with this other boy, and then the other boy left and Finn came in, and I was like, “Wow, Finn is way better than the other boy. Finn has to get this job.” Then, we all got to experiment, and they just thought Finn and I were the perfect match to work with each other.
The next day, on a Monday, they called me up and said, “Can you be our Eleven?” and I was like, “Yes, I can.”
Netflix
From the beginning, Eleven is a character shrouded in mystery. At what point did you learn the path your character would take?
When I auditioned for the role, I never knew I had powers. I didn't know that. I didn't know who she was, honestly, until I was like, “Wow, she has power.” That was pretty cool. It took two episodes for me to figure out who is a Eleven was, and now it's like she's a part of me. I can become Millie, and then I'm Eleven—that's it. Eleven is not someone I try to be. I can't be like, “Okay guys, I'm going to be Eleven now.” I just turn into her [when they call] action.
Netflix
What has it been like working with the cast and creators of this series?
All of us kids are like brothers and sisters—we argue like crazy, but we love each other, and we're always going to be there for each other. Gaten [Matarazzo] is like my big brother, and Caleb [McLaughlin] is more like my therapist. I vent to him, and he's so forgiving and thankful and gracious.
Finn is like my bud. Finn is just someone you hang out with; he's so cool, and so down to earth. And then Noah [Schnapp] is my best friend. Noah and I are the same age. We've known each other for a long time now—as much as I've known all the other boys—but we spend more time together. We make time to see each other. We're like, “This weekend we're going to go and fix lights, we're going to do this.” Noah is just one of the nicest boys I've ever known.
We all know what it's been like to not be famous or to not be in a role that's made your career blow up, and we've grown up together. If Gaten goes, “Do you know when this happens?” I'm like, “I do know when that happens because it's happened to me.” It's so nice to have someone who's gone through the same exact thing at the same exact age, and that's what brings us so close on camera.
Netflix
Has it been a different experience being back in Atlanta now that the show has become so well known?
Yeah, I've got a little show shooting down the road—well, now it's obviously big. We're really tight on security and we film in some crazy locations, but we are still that little show in Atlanta that's filming.
We all come back here and this crew is like family. We all know each other, and we all remember the first day on set of Season 1, so we never think, “This show is good.” We should have all been extremely bigheaded, but we're not. We're all just really happy that we're together, and we're doing it all over again.
The Duffer brothers seem to be the heart of this show. Have they helped to create that kind of atmosphere?
They are the masterminds to this crazy fun. Obviously, [Carmen Cuba] is also one of the lifelines—she cast this show. She's incredible.
Having [Winona Ryder's] name on our list made it feel better, and her acting is so phenomenal. When you hear the name Winona Ryder, you're like, “Oh my God! Let's watch this show.” Her name and her reputation contributed to this. We all put in our pennies and made it a million dollars.
Netflix
What has it been like to work alongside such acclaimed and exceptional actors as Matthew Modine and David Harbour?
It's so inspirational. When we were filming the show last season, we were just like, “There are the gods.” We're just going to be following them, letting them do what they do. They're like our parents—we admire them and we are inspired by them, but we can also approach them and ask them really deep questions, and they will give us the honest answer. That's what I love about them, and about working with them.
In terms of '80s movies, had you seen any of the classics prior to coming on board?
Yeah, I saw every '80s movie—Stand by Me, E.T. I'm an '80s fan and so is Finn, so when we got the job we were like, “Oh my God, we know what to do.”
Netflix
How did you approach your performance in this sense, having never directly experienced that era?
It was a bit different. It was a little harder than everything else because I would be like, “Why doesn't she just call? Oh, she can't because there was no phone.” It was harder to grab on to that idea, but once you're on board, and understand what everything means, then you realize, “Oh, wow. This is an ‘80s show.”
Stranger Things has already generated a lot of fan theories. Have you been surprised by anything you've heard?
It's crazy how deep they get into things, but I love every single fan and every single fanatic out there that has supported the show since day one. It's very interesting to hear their theories, and sometimes I'm like, “OK.” Sometimes, they're right, and I send it to the directors. I'm like, “Wow, you should sort this out.”
Does that mean the answers are out there somewhere, if only we knew where to look?
All the answers are out there. You just have to piece them together.
Netflix
I have to say, I'm a bit surprised to see you here today, with the way that Season 1 ended.
Really? Oh, wow. No, I am back, as strong as ever. I am very excited to be back with my family again. Honestly, I'm really excited for everyone to see it. It's so much deeper and darker than last year, but I'm very excited for you to watch it. It's also great because it's Netflix, so you get to do it in one go, which is my favorite thing in the world.
I recommend watching Season 1 again and then going into Season 2 so you really know what everything means, because Season 2 couldn't be there without Season 1.
The Duffers have described the second season as a sequel—a whole new experience. Is that your take on it?
Yeah, it's just like a movie. You guys are going to watch it, not like an episode. You just piece it together. It's so good.
Australia's most extraordinary art event
The Archibald, Wynne and Sulman Prizes is an annual exhibition eagerly anticipated by artists and audiences alike.
The Archibald Prize, first awarded in 1921, is Australia's favourite art award, and one of its most prestigious. Awarded to the best portrait painting, it's a who's who of Australian culture – from politicians to celebrities, sporting heroes to artists.
The Wynne Prize is awarded to the best landscape painting of Australian scenery, or figure sculpture, while the Sulman Prize is given to the best subject painting, genre painting or mural project in oil, acrylic, watercolour or mixed media.
Each year, the trustees of the Art Gallery of NSW judge the Archibald and Wynne, and invite an artist to judge the Sulman. The 2018 judge is Angela Tiatia.
Visit the exhibition to vote for your favourite portrait in the ANZ People's Choice award before voting closes on 12 August and see the work of budding artists aged 5-18 on display in the Young Archies.
Celebrity podcast tour
Hear from celebrity guests Russell Crowe, Ben Quilty, Rove McManus, Yumi Stynes and Rachel Perkins in our first-ever Archibald Prize podcast tour, hosted by Julian Morrow. Listen now.
Get the biggest Coventry City FC stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Coventry City and Wasps fans are being told not to use the new Ricoh Arena railway station to get to and from matches.
The new station at the stadium is due to open next month as part of a £13.6million project to improve the Nuneaton to Coventry rail line but safety fears mean it will be shut for an hour after the final whistle on matchdays.
That's because the trains will only be able to carry 75 passengers and operator London Midland will only put on one train an hour.
London Midland are now telling sports fans to stick to existing bus services instead.
Story Link
Concerns about overcrowding at the unmanned station have led the independent stadium Safety Advisory Group to order the one-hour closure after major events, including sports fixtures and concerts.
London Midland has also said there will be no expansion to the hourly service on matchdays.
A spokesman for the train operator told the Telegraph: “The issue is that the service is one single diesel carriage that has 75 seats. We have been clear about that from the start of the project.
“At the moment there aren't any more trains available in the country to run that service.
“The main message is that, as soon as the station opens, everybody goes to Coventry City or Wasps games simply won't be able to get the train.
“Our advice is to continue to use the existing bus services to get to and from games.”
Story link:
He added: “We have been told by the Safety Advisory Group that the station will have to be closed for an hour after matches or events."
London Midland said it was working closely with stadium operators Wasps to come up with other solutions, but added that it did not foresee an obvious or immediate answer to the problem.
Story Link
The spokesman added: “The big challenge we have at the arena is that we could potentially have 32,000 people attending.
"Technically, we could take up to 10 per cent of that crowd. But we have been told we have to close the station after matches.
“People could potentially be waiting one hour 59 minutes between services at the end of a match.
Story link:
“In the future, when the line is electrified, all sorts of thing could be possible - but we're not there yet.”
Coventry City Council will own the new station and has invested heavily in the site which is part of a wider £13.6million investment which also includes platform extensions at Bedworth and Coventry.
One of the first African Americans to become a U.S. Navy Master Diver
Carl Maxie Brashear (January 19, 1931 – July 25, 2006) was a highly decorated United States Navy Sailor. He was a U.S. Navy Master Diver, rising to the position in 1970 having an amputated left leg. The film Men of Honor was based on his life.
Early life and education [ edit ]
Brashear was born on January 19, 1931, in Tonieville, Kentucky, the sixth of eight children to sharecroppers McDonald and Gonzella Brashear.[1][2] In 1935, the family settled on a farm in Sonora, Kentucky. Brashear attended Sonora Grade School from 1937 to 1946.
Career [ edit ]
Brashear enlisted in the U.S. Navy on February 25, 1948, shortly after the Navy had been desegregated by U.S. President Harry S. Truman. He graduated from the U.S. Navy Diving & Salvage School in 1954, becoming the first African-American to attend and graduate from the Diving & Salvage School and the first African-American U.S. Navy Diver.[1]
While attending diving school in Bayonne, New Jersey, Brashear faced hostility and racism. He found notes on his bunk saying, "We're going to drown you today, nigger!" and "We don't want any nigger divers." Brashear received encouragement to finish from Boatswain's Mate First Class Rutherford, and graduated 16 out of 17.
Brashear first did work as a diver retrieving approximately 16,000 rounds of ammunition that fell off a barge which had broken in half and sunk to the bottom. On his first tour of shore duty in Quonset Point, Rhode Island, his duties included the salvaging of airplanes (including one Blue Angel) and recovering multiple dead bodies.
Brashear was assigned to escort the presidential yacht the Barbara Anne to Rhode Island. He met President Eisenhower and received a small knife that said, "To Carl M. Brashear. From Dwight D. Eisenhower, 1957. Many, many thanks." After making chief in 1959, he stayed at Guam for three years doing mostly demolition dives.
Leg amputation and recovery [ edit ]
In January 1966, in an accident now known as the Palomares incident, a B28 nuclear bomb was lost off the coast of Palomares, Spain, after two United States Air Force aircraft of the Strategic Air Command (SAC), a B-52G Stratofortress bomber and a KC-135A Stratotanker aerial refueling aircraft, collided during aerial refueling. Brashear was serving aboard USS Hoist (ARS-40) when it was dispatched to find and recover the missing bomb for the Air Force. The warhead was found after two and a half months of searching.[3] For his service in helping to retrieve the bomb, Brashear was later awarded the Navy and Marine Corps Medal – the highest Navy award for non-combat heroism.[4]
During the bomb recovery operations on March 23, 1966, a line used for towing broke loose, causing a pipe to strike Brashear's left leg below the knee, nearly shearing it off.[5] He was evacuated to Torrejon Air Base in Spain, then to the USAF Hospital at Wiesbaden Air Base, Germany; and finally to the Naval Hospital in Portsmouth, Virginia. Beset with persistent infection and necrosis, his lower left leg was eventually amputated.
Brashear remained at the Naval Regional Medical Center in Portsmouth from May 1966 until March 1967 recovering and rehabilitating from the amputation. From March 1967 to March 1968, Brashear was assigned to the Harbor Clearance Unit Two, Diving School, preparing for return to full active duty and diving.[6] In April 1968, after a long struggle, Brashear was the first amputee diver to be (re)certified as a U.S. Navy diver.[7] In 1970, he became the first African-American U.S. Navy Master Diver, and served nine more years beyond that, achieving the rating of Master Chief Boatswain's Mate in 1971.[1][8] Brashear was motivated by his beliefs that "It's not a sin to get knocked down; it's a sin to stay down" and "I ain't going to let nobody steal my dream".
Retirement [ edit ]
BMCM (MDV) Brashear retired from the U.S. Navy on April 1, 1979, as a Master Chief Petty Officer (E-9) and Master Diver. He then served as a civilian employee for the government at Naval Station Norfolk, Norfolk, Virginia, and retired in 1993 with the grade of GS-11.[1]
Personal life [ edit ]
Brashear married and divorced three times:[2] Junetta Wilcoxson (1952–1978), Hattie R. Elam (1980–1983), and Jeanette A. Brundage (1985–1987). He had four children: Shazanta (1955–1996), DaWayne, Phillip, and Patrick.[1] Brashear's grand-nephew is retired professional ice hockey player Donald Brashear.[9]
Brashear died of respiratory and heart failure at the Naval Medical Center Portsmouth, Portsmouth, Virginia, on July 25, 2006.[1] He is buried at Woodlawn Memorial Gardens in Norfolk, Virginia.
Media portrayal [ edit ]
Cuba Gooding, Jr. played the role of Brashear in Men of Honor, a movie inspired by the life of Carl Brashear.
Carl Brashear Foundation [ edit ]
After his death, his sons DaWayne and Phillip Brashear started the Carl Brashear Foundation in his honor.
Decorations and awards [ edit ]
8 gold service stripes.
Honors [ edit ]
Brashear was honored with the Secretary of Defense Medal for Outstanding Public Service in October 2000 for 42 years of combined military and federal civilian service. The award was presented by Secretary of Defense William Cohen.
On October 24, 2007, the Newport News Fire Department dedicated a 33-foot (10 m) high-speed fireboat named Carl Brashear to be used by their Dive and Marine Incident Response Teams.[10]
The Lewis and Clark-class dry cargo ship USNS Carl Brashear (T-AKE-7) was christened in his honor in San Diego, California on September 18, 2008.[11][12][13] General Dynamics delivered the completed ship to the Navy on March 4, 2009.[14]
On February 21, 2009, Nauticus, a science and maritime museum in downtown Norfolk, Virginia, opened a new exhibit called "Dream to Dive: The Life of Master Diver Carl Brashear".[15] It is the first full-scale museum exhibit dedicated to Brashear.
In 2009 the Chief Petty Officer Club onboard Naval Station Little Creek VA was renamed The Carl Brashear Center. Carl's son and several friends gave speeches at and attended the renaming ceremony. Carl was known to frequent the CPO Club onboard Little Creek up until the time of his death.
On November 9, 2017, the Commonwealth of Kentucky dedicated the "Carl M. Brashear Radcliff Veterans Center" in honor of BMCM (MDV) Carl Brashear.[16] Construction on the new center, which is located about 30 miles from Brashear's hometown of Sonora, was completed about a year before the dedication ceremony. On hand was his son Phillip, Founder of the Brashear Foundation, Kentucky Lt. Gov. Jenean Hampton, Veterans Center Administrator Israel Ray, members of the Brashear family,[16] along with members of the Combat Veterans Motorcycle Association who nominated and worked to collect over 7,000 signatures in support of naming the center after Brashear.
On July 25, 2018, Lincoln Parkway bridge, just outside Tonieville, KY was re-named the "Master Chief Petty Officer Carl Maxie Brashear Memorial Bridge."[17]
See also [ edit ]
Notes [ edit ]
According to The New York Times from July 27, 2006, Carl Brashear graduated third in his class of 17. According to this page, he graduated 16th in a class of 17.
Sharks are far more evolved than we thought, scientists have discovered after finding an ancient "missing link" fossil of a bonier form of the fish group.
The team from Flinders University in Australia found fossil remains in 2005 and detailed CT scans have now shown the three-dimensional skeleton contained a small proportion of bones as well as cartilage.
Modern sharks and rays have entirely cartilaginous skeletons, causing earlier experts to assume they were part of a primitive evolutionary pathway. They thought bony fish were more advanced than sharks.
However, scientists are increasingly finding evidence to suggest the opposite, that sharks are the more highly developed.
Publishing their findings in the journal PLOS One, scientists said the fossil of Gogoselachus lynbeazleyae dates to the Late Devonian Period, around 380 million years ago, and shows the evolutionary transition from bones to cartilage.
Study author John Long said: "Our shark more or less nails that theory, because here we have a heavily mineralised type of cartilage in the skeleton, which contains remnant bone cells.
"It's almost a missing link condition showing that early sharks had a lot more bone in their skeleton, and that just before modern sharks evolved they lost the bone, with only the soft cartilage remaining."
He said sharks from the Devonian Period are not well known and most research is based on fossilised teeth. Their shark (found in the Gogo Formation in Western Australia, which was once a tropical reef) is rare because of how complete it is.
Long said: "This is a partial articulated skeleton, with the jaws and shoulder and all the teeth and scales, but best of all, we have acid-etched the fossils out of the rock, so they are three-dimensional, uncrushed and perfect. It's the first time a shark of that age has been prepared in that manner."
Concluding, the authors said the shark is an "exceptionally preserved" fossil that "suggests Gogoselachus represents a transitional step toward the tessellated prismatic calcified cartilage which is today recognised as the main diagnostic character of the Chondrichthyes".
Starting next month, thousands of US prison inmates will be able to access federal financial aid to continue their higher education studies.
These new students, which could number up to 12,000, will remain in their prison facilities learning through online classes, classroom-based instruction, or a combination of the two, reports the Washington Post. But the Obama administration hopes that the pilot financial aid program will open doors for the inmates when they leave the system.
“We all agree that crime must have consequences, but the men and women who have done their time and paid their debt deserve the opportunity to break with the past and forge new lives in their homes, workplaces and communities,” Education Secretary John B. King Jr. said on a call with reporters Thursday. “This belief in second chances is fundamental to who we are as Americans.”
The pilot program is part of a larger, bipartisan effort to reform the US justice system. It includes measures ranging from "ban the box" so felons don't have to report criminal history on job applications to rolling back lifetime sentences on drug-related crimes and commuting the sentences of low-level and nonviolent drug dealers.
The Second Chance Pell Pilot Program will enable inmates to access Pell grants, which are federal education scholarships of $5,815 or less per year. By slating this as a trial, the US Education Department can circumvent a 1994 Congressional ban on awarding Pell money to inmates. The trial has been over a year in the making: last summer the Obama administration publicly announced the executive action to launch the program in 2016.
At the time, Republican Rep. Chris Collins, filed his own bill, the "Kids Before Cons Act," which would study whether students enrolled at charter or private schools under a voucher program are less likely to end up in prison than children in traditional public schools. The idea behind the Collins bill: Reduce imprisonment on the front end, rather than spending money on the back end.
“The Obama administration's plan to put the cost of a free college education for criminals on the backs of the taxpayers is consistent with their policy of rewarding lawbreakers while penalizing hardworking Americans,” Collins (R) of New York told Politico.
The Obama initiative brings together more than 100 federal and state adult penitentiaries and 67 colleges and universities, the majority of which have offered some version of prison-based education in the past, according to the Washington Post. Inmates must be within 5 years of leaving prison in order to access the funding.
In 1994 when Congress voted to stop the funding, as part of the Violent Crime Control and Law Enforcement Act, there were 25,168 inmates using the funding for higher education, who made up 1 percent of all grantees, reports the Post. The vote was part of the stringent criminal justice policies that were put in place in the 1990s and under President Bill Clinton, who signed the ban on Pell grants for inmates, after Congress decided roughly 3 to 1 that the money shouldn't be used for inmates when other citizens were struggling to pay for higher education.
But there has been much criticism of the zealous criminal justice measures taken during that era, even by Mr. Clinton himself, and there's a shift underway to find a better model.
The Pell funding trial reflects a broader national conversation about how to improve the corrections system and the transition of inmates back into society after incarceration.
“Definitely I think there is a movement to reconsider what is being done within correctional facilities and to expand the opportunity for rehabilitation through college-level education,” John Dowdell, co-editor of The Journal of Correctional Education and director of the Gill Center for Business and Economic Education at Ashland University in Ohio, told The Christian Science Monitor's Harry Bruinius earlier this year.
And the benefits of rehabilitation through education have been born out in the research.
In a federally funded 2013 study by the RAND Corporation, research showed that inmates who took part in correctional education programs had “43 percent lower odds of returning to prison than those who do not,” and that the inmates who participated in either academic or vocational programs had a 13 percent higher employment rate when they left prison than those who did not.
“Our findings suggest that we no longer need to debate whether correctional education works,” said Lois Davis, the project's lead researcher. “But we do need more research to tease out which parts of these programs work best.”
Get the Monitor Stories you care about delivered to your inbox. By signing up, you agree to our Privacy Policy
There are many such programs already in place across the United States. Bard College, for example, offers tuition-free degrees for inmates as part of the 15-year-old Bard Prison Initiative, which awarded 300 degrees in in 2013. Students from the initiative made national news last fall when their debate team, made up of three students from Eastern New York Correctional Facility, beat Harvard University's team in a match, reports the Monitor's Patrick Torphy.
The success of the 12,000 students expected to benefit from the Second Chance program's Pell grants will be watched in the coming years, and could influence whether Congress decides to lift the ban and expand access to more of the nation's inmates.
January 26th, 2013 by Crafty Pint
So who will be raising their glass the highest this Australia Day? Will Brad, Jamie, Ross and their ever-expanding team at Stone & Wood make it two in a row for their all-conquering Pacific Ale? Can WA reclaim the throne with one of its podium placing beers from last year, Little Creatures Pale Ale or Feral Hop Hog? Or will something new come along and take us all by surprise?
You can find out from 12.40pm today as we start counting down the Hottest 100 Aussie Craft Beers of 2012 in the fifth annual poll run by The Local Taphouses. The number one will be revealed at 3pm.
As with the 2011 countdown, the poll has been run in conjunction with The Crafty Pint and Australian Brews News, meaning you can follow the results as they come in on any of our three sites. If you plan to follow them on Crafty, then bookmark this page or keep an eye on our Facebook and Twitter pages as we reveal 100 to 11 in blocks of ten every ten minutes, then the top ten individually in five minute blocks.
NB Refreshes the page for the latest list
See you for reaction when the results are in!
2011 results
2010 results
Image at top features Brad Rogers and Jamie Cook, two of the three owners of Stone & Wood, brewer of last year's winning beer, Pacific Ale.
NEW YORK (Reuters Health) - Therapy that involves repeatedly processing painful memories and approaching anxiety-provoking situations in a safe way may ease symptoms of posttraumatic stress disorder (PTSD) among veterans, a new study suggests.
Although there is good evidence so-called prolonged exposure therapy can help people with PTSD, researchers said most of the data come from civilians, including women who have been sexually assaulted.
“One of the important factors in chronic PTSD is avoidance - avoiding thinking about the trauma and avoiding going to places that remind you of the trauma or are similar,” said Edna Foa, head of the Center for the Treatment and Study of Anxiety at the University of Pennsylvania in Philadelphia and a developer of prolonged exposure therapy.
The idea behind prolonged exposure is “helping the patient confront the memories and confront the situations they avoid,” added Foa, who wasn't involved in the new study.
“They realize they can talk about this event, and they don't fall apart. It gives them a sense of control over the memory, rather than the memory controlling them.”
One Veterans Affairs report showed that of about 830,000 veterans who were treated at VA medical centers over the last decade, 29 percent had a diagnosis of PTSD and 22 percent were depressed.
In 2007, the VA launched a national initiative to train psychologists and social workers in prolonged exposure therapy. Every VA facility is now required to provide evidence-based treatments for PTSD, including prolonged exposure.
The new study, led by Afsoon Eftekhari from the National Center for PTSD, VA Palo Alto Health Care System in California, included 804 clinicians who had recently completed a four-day course in the technique and 1,931 of their patients.
Patients included veterans of wars in Iraq and Afghanistan, the Vietnam War and the Persian Gulf War.
The researchers scored the veterans' self-reported PTSD symptoms on a scale of 17 to 85, where a score of 50 or above suggests a diagnosis of PTSD. Depression was scored on a scale of 0 to 63.
Before starting exposure therapy, veterans had an average PTSD score of 63, and 88 percent of them met the cutoff for the condition.
After about nine sessions, that fell to an average symptom score of 48, and only 46 percent still scored high enough for a PTSD diagnosis.
Likewise, veterans' average depression scores dropped from 30 - meaning moderate to severe depression - pre-therapy to 21 afterwards, the researchers reported Wednesday in JAMA Psychiatry.
Just over a quarter of veterans dropped out before completing at least eight sessions of therapy.
Sheila Rauch, who studies veterans' mental health at the University of Michigan Medical School and the VA Ann Arbor Healthcare System, said the study “adds a lot more evidence” to what is already known about the effectiveness of prolonged exposure.
“The unique piece of information it provides is really a very large sample of veterans,” Rauch, who didn't participate in the new research, told Reuters Health.
One limitation of the trial is that there was no comparison group of veterans who didn't receive prolonged exposure therapy, the researchers noted. That makes it difficult to know if the improvement can be attributed solely to the treatment itself.
Still, Foa told Reuters Health, “I think it's pretty encouraging that we get such good results with novice therapists.”
“The more that we can get the word out to people with posttraumatic stress disorder that there are treatments that work … the happier I am,” Rauch said.
“We have lots of people who are serving us overseas in military conflicts and some percentage of them are coming back with PTSD, and we need to know how to take care of them.”
SOURCE: bit.ly/K3aQdr JAMA Psychiatry, online July 17, 2013.
Emmy the Empath
Anneli Rufus Blocked Unblock Follow Jan 30, 2015
Certain people are born with the otherworldly ability to simply know, with nary a word or signal exchanged, how others feel. They detect others' emotions the way antennae detect radio waves: through thin air, effortlessly.
In this way, they pick up the unspoken, secret emotions of acquaintances, loved ones and strangers — sometimes even animals.
Sure, most human beings lack this amazing superpower. Thus most human beings must base their opinions of others, and their conversations with others, on leadenly obvious dead giveaways such as body language, facial expressions and actual words. Oh, and bottles, books or weapons that those others might be cradling in their laps or waving in the air.
Lacking this amazing superpower, most human beings are forced to rely solely on what they see or hear.
But this small subset of people with this certain superpower: Because they feel involuntary empathy, because they feel your pain without wanting to or trying to, they're called empaths.
And they're not exactly clairvoyant. Empaths can't guess the names or favorite yoga postures of random passersby — but can detect their secret sorrows, rages, shames and joys. Empaths can't change or control other people's feelings: They can only detect, feel and, now and then, absorb. This is the burden empaths bear: That other people's feelings, once detected, tend to stick to empaths, lingering long after whomever first felt them is no longer physically nearby.
Is what happens to empaths natural — or supernatural? Are empaths gifted — or cursed?
Scientists should examine this. The power possessed by empaths could perhaps be channeled into useful purposes — communicating with the comatose, say, or interrogating suspects. Or it could be channeled into sacred purposes — because empaths can sometimes “see” straight into others' souls, past clothes and language to the basic truths of whom they are.
Scholars should study empaths. Spiritual types should revere and fear empaths. But they don't.
It's a remarkable skill, yet a high percentage of people who have it don't realize they have it. Isolated forums simmer here and there online. But most empaths never find these, never seek them out, because they don't know empaths are “a thing,” much less that they're that “thing.”
Born this way, most empaths assume that they're just like everyone else. Not realizing what is happening when their skill takes effect, not realizing that they're “reading” or “wearing” the emotions of others and “picking up their vibes,” empaths typically assume that all these disparate feelings they feel are their own. Barraged by strong, sometimes contradictory emotions one after the other in crowded places — ecstatic one instant, bereft the next — most empaths deride themselves (and/or are derided by family and friends) as moody, flighty or mentally ill.
I know this. Do you wonder how I know?
Empaths ask themselves: Why do I suddenly want to fall, sobbing, to the floor of this gymnasium? Whence came my urge to hug that nun? Why, at this baby shower, can I hardly keep from gouging out my eyes?
Because their skill is otherworldly, and because we inhabit a very scientific this-worldy era which produces many great machines and medicines but relegates the otherworldly to Hollywood movies about zombies, vampires and wizards, empaths remain undiscussed. Most empaths have never heard the word “empath,” much less found in that word comfort, validation or identity.
Most empaths know only that they feel inexplicably bizarre when not alone.
They know that classrooms, theaters, buses, trains, offices, parties, meetings, stores, stadiums, subways, hospitals, restaurants, carnivals and theme parks leave them feeling flayed, flattened and/or drained — as if by a huge syringe — of energy or breath or blood.
Thusly besieged, requiring R&R after a short stroll down a busy street, empaths ask: Am I insane?
Psychic is more like it. Not crystal-ball psychic but an irritating kind that feels like having uninvited guests with open wounds and freaky laughs that make you want to run away or punch them in the face (except you can't). Empaths can sometimes barely bear to step outdoors — knowing how sad and scared and sick they might soon feel … yet never knowing why.
This is Emmy. She's an empath.
Like all of her kind, she was born this way. She is still triggered by old playground, cinema and restaurant-high-chair memories. Plus the endless nightmare of preschool.
But unlike many empaths, Emmy knows she is an empath. She has searched online, examined her experiences, and realized that (a) empaths exist, (b) she is one and (c) this explains everything.
Emmy wishes her fellow empaths realized what they are, because then they would not feel so insane. Emmy felt insane for decades. Sometimes she still forgets.
Right now, Emmy is online at the bank between a high-school cheerleader who secretly self-harms and a fat-knuckled man who looks like he kills dogs yet has (Emmy can see) a heart of gold.
Emmy feels your pain. Not that she wants to. She definitely, totally does not want to, because why would she? Is her own pain not enough? Your pain — and all your other feelings and everyone else's within a twenty-foot radius of Emmy — are big and flagrant and they obscure her feelings and/or they masquerade falsely as her feelings, and even though Emmy knows they are yours and not hers, she still feels them against her will and Emmy would rather feel her own feelings now and then for a change. Oh, but no. Emmy feels your pain — not because she likes you. Just because she can.
Some empaths use shielding techniques — imagining themselves sheathed by white, vibe-proof light, or chanting You are you and I am I — in hopes of guarding themselves from rampant and ricocheting feelings not their own. But Emmy never shields. She believes that if someone possesses a superpower, he or she should never switch it off. Because what if a moment should arrive — who knows when? who knows why? — at which this superpower might save a life or the world?
So Emmy lives unshielded, which in energetic terms is like walking everywhere naked. She does this because someday she might have to rescue your ass.
How do I know this?? Don't you wonder how I know??
We will meet Emmy again in future installments of this series. We will go where she goes. We will feel how she feels — which, yes yes yes, is how you feel. And you. And freaking you.
(All illustrations by Anneli Rufus.)
A state employee union went to court Thursday hoping to block the closing of 10 state prison farms.
A state employee union went to court Thursday hoping to block the closing of 10 state prison farms.
The Ohio Civil Service Employees Association, which represents prison workers among its 30,000 members, is seeking a temporary restraining order in Franklin County Common Pleas court. A hearing date was not immediately set.
The union says it was "blindsided" when the Ohio Department of Rehabilitation and Correction announced April 12 that it would phase out and close all farm operations at 10 prisons. The state will sell thousands of acres of land, 2,300 beef cattle and 1,000 dairy cattle by the end of the year.
The state is moving quickly, setting up five auctions beginning May 18 to sell more than 1,000 cattle and farm equipment, according to documents obtained by the union.
OCSEA President Christopher Mabe said the state violated its contract by not informing the union in advance.
Mabe said the union questions why the farms are closing when $9 million in improvements at farms in London and Marion farms are still underway.
The union said the closings not only may strand 56 union employees, but will harm the Ohio Association of Foodbanks, which has a cooperative food-growing arrangement with prisons, and the Ohio State University School of Veterinary Medicine that sends students to provide care for farm animals.
The state was in the prison farming business more than 100 years, but Director Gary Mohr said the farms no longer meet the agency's mission of rehabilitating inmates for returning to the work world after their release. Further, they are security risks with people dropping off drugs, tobacco and other contraband to be picked up by inmates and smuggled into prison, he said.
ajohnson@dispatch.com
@ohioaj
by Mike Adams
When Big Government goes off the rails, it's almost like they're smoking crack. In this case, that's not far from the truth: The Albuquerque Police Department now plans to manufacture crack cocaine so they can sell it to people who are then arrested for “possession of crack.” (See court documents below for proof.)
Wait a sec… Crack cocaine is an illegal substance, right? So now the police are going to possess it, manufacture it, sell it and then arrest citizens who buy it from them?
Yep. That's how some police tell themselves they are the “good guys” when they manufacture crack cocaine to sell to the “bad guys” who were making the crack cocaine before the police started making it.
In other words, the Albuquerque Police Department will now be engaged in the manufacture and distribution of Schedule I Controlled Substances, meaning it is no longer deniable that “the cops are the drug dealers.”
It's now right out in the open.
See the documents obtained by BurqueMedia
The story first broke on BurqueMedia.com, which explains, “An affidavit obtained by Burque Media from a confidential source spells out plans by the Albuquerque Police Department to go after low-level drug users in a reverse buy-bust operation. In a reverse buy-bust, undercover agents sell drugs to citizens, and then arrest them for possession. Part of that operation involves APD manufacturing crack cocaine from powdered cocaine.”
Just as I was writing this story for Natural News, the “Affidavit and Motion to Release Evidence” document was removed from Scribd. But we have screen shots below, grabbed before the document was memory holed.
It says:
…the State of New Mexico, through its Assistant District Attorney and Affiant Detective Marc Clingenpeel, and hereby request this Court's order to allow detectives to obtain heroin, methamphetamines, cocaine base (commonly referred to as crack), and/or cocaine from the Alburquerque Police Department's Evidence Unit for the purpose of an undercover operation as set below in quantities listed in order …powered cocaine may be taken into APD's Criminalistics Unit to be made into crack cocaine. …The Alburquerque Police Department's Narcotics Unit will use the heroin, methamphetamine, crack cocaine and/or cocaine… to sell to individuals who are seeking to purchase drugs within the City of Alburquerque.
Article continues below these documents (scroll down to keep reading):
“Nodding” or “shrugging the shoulders” to ensnare citizens and charge them with felony drug possession
As part of the APD's manufacture and distribution of crack cocaine, they're planning on ensnaring citizens by using what they call “gestures that are commonly used in the area to make contact with someone for the purpose of purchasing drugs.” These gestures include nodding and shrugging the shoulders, meaning if you simply nod at one of these undercover APD crack dealers, you could be just moments away from being arrested and charged with attempting to purchase crack.
After a nod or shoulder shrug, “the person will be escorted to a discreet location,” says the document. “The detectives will sell the person the requested amount of drugs,” it explains, after which the person will be “arrested and charged with felony Possession of a Controlled Substance.”
You mean the same substance the police just manufactured and sold them?
Gosh, and during what part of this elaborate operation do the detectives just pocket the cash and let a few buyers walk? Oops! Looks like a few kilos of crack never made it back to the evidence locker… strange how that happens.
When cops become drug manufacturers and street dealers, something has gone terribly wrong with the failed “War on Drugs”
Now, you see, the police are making the drugs, dealing the drugs and potentially profiting from the drugs. It won't be long before the APD finds it needs to plug a “revenue shortfall” with some extra cash. And what do you know… hundreds of citizens are lining up just to hand them cash for their self-manufactured crack cocaine!
The temptation for abuse in this racket is too juicy to ignore. When a detective can make more untraceable cash profit in a single week than they might pull in an entire year on the city's payroll, it's not difficult to imagine some of these cops going “freelance.”
And if you have a police-run operation that can manufacture crack cocaine, sell it to people on the street, then arrest those people for buying the very same “illegal substance” the police department is manufacturing, just how long will it be before fringe police departments start running sex slave rings in order to “sell” slaves to buyers who are promptly arrested? (Hint: This is already going on. The cover-up is intense because the “customers” of such activities often tend to be among the political elite.)
What can you do about all this? For starters, don't buy crack cocaine. More importantly, if you live in Albuquerque, don't nod or shrug at anybody on the street, or you may find yourself dragged into a dark alley by undercover cops who claim you “signaled” them with an intent to purchase illegal drugs. If they persist, just tell them you aren't interested in cocaine… you were actually hoping to buy a good time and you thought the undercover cops were transgender prostitutes. That should work amazingly well. Try it yourself and see!
Related Reads
Here's The New Research That Finally Tells The Truth About The War On Drugs
Nixon Advisor Admitted War on Drugs Invented to Crush Anti-War and Black Movements
The War on Drugs Just Got Even More Vile: Police to Begin Inspecting Your Poop, Seriously
The War on Drugs is Slavery
4 Hidden Costs of the Drug War: How the War on Drugs Hurts Us All
Delivered by The Daily Sheeple
We encourage you to share and republish our reports, analyses, breaking news and videos (Click for details).
Contributed by NaturalNews Network of NaturalNews.com.
The NaturalNews Network is a non-profit collection of public education websites covering topics that empower individuals to make positive changes in their health, environmental sensitivity, consumer choices and informed skepticism. The NaturalNews Network operates without a profit incentive, and its key writer, Mike Adams, receives absolutely no payment for his time, articles or books. The NaturalNews Network is not for sale, and does not accept money to cover any story (or to spike it). NaturalNews Network is what the news industry used to be, before it sold out to big business.
DOWNTOWN! DOWNTOWN! by David Byrne | Next and Previous Entries All Journal
Older ATOMIC BOMB: THE MUSIC OF WILLIAM ONYEABOR
Newer FROM THE ARCHIVES: MUSIC
A bunch of us are staying at the new Ace hotel here in downtown LA, as it's relatively close to the Greek—where we're doing the Onyeabor show tonight. I love downtown LA, I have written about it previously and yesterday when we arrived, I took a long walk.
This part of town is perennially being touted as an area ready to explode and revive, but it's still a pleasant mess. There are big office buildings ticked into one corner, the official culture zone (Disney Hall, MOCA one and two, abandoned buildings and new condos and soon a new Eli Broad museum built to house more of his collection). Broad wants to see a revitalization of downtown, but maybe it's all in the semantics—as downtown already seems to have more life than almost any other part of LA (it's just not glamorous Anglo life). Revitalization may be a euphemism for Angloization. Maybe there's a happy medium? Downtown is mostly Asian and Latin—there's a Chinatown, a little Tokyo and loads of Latin American shops and restaurants, plus some send-money-home joints.
There is a huge jewelry zone, too. Why is that? What's with all the jewelry and gold concentrated here? It's not 49th St. or Antwerp West—both very Hassidic, but I wondered what the story was here? Even if it's all just cheap costume jewelry, there's so much of it! It seems jewelry stores started appearing here in the ‘30s (Harry Winston was one of the first), but it wasn't until the ‘60s when gold started to become in-demand as an investment (instead of something to exchange as currency) that the area surged with these shops. Another reason these businesses settled here could be that the buildings in the area are limited to 150 feet tall—so they were never overtaken by developers trying to make skyscrapers or condos.
Then there are the theaters—downtown used to be a zone filled with bustling theaters and amazing ornate movie palaces. Many still exist and have been repurposed—as discount malls!— while some lie vacant, which is a shame. I once played the Mayan, which, as one would expect, has an over the top Pre-Columbian, Mayan-themed art-deco decor. Anglo Angelinos looked askance at me when I said I was playing there years ago, as it's an unknown zone for many of them—or was then. They wondered, as Angelinos do, about parking. It still functions as a club. Maybe it's been more integrated into the metal map of Anglo LA than it used to be. Here's part of the façade:
And here's a young sacrificial victim, ecstatically meeting his maker at the Mayan during a Lucha Libre match:
Here's the nearby Tower theater:
And the marquee of the Roxie…with a mysterious act on the bill:
One of these theaters, the United Artists, is a part of the Ace hotel:
It used to be a church—there's still a giant neon sign above the hotel, facing west, towards Hollywood, that says “Jesus Saves.”
The hotel has taken it over and has promoted a couple of shows there (Spiritualized performed “Ladies and Gentlemen We Are Floating in Space” in February). Pat Mahoney and I were given a tour of the inside, which the Ace and several partners has lovingly restored—though it wasn't a complete wreck, as some old churches or theaters have been allowed to become. Click through gallery to see the before and after:
As it was explained to us, Chaplin and Mary Pickford built the theater in one year (!) after they and some others had formed United Artists—a cooperative business created by, well, artists, to counter the might of the movie studios. However, the studios owned most of the movie theaters, and they wouldn't let them play UA pictures—so Chaplin and Pickford had to build their own. There were branches in Detroit and Chicago, as well. The stage isn't just a screen—it's got drapes, fly space, wings and a lighting system. So, they built it for live shows and not just cinema—though my guess is the two went together fairly often. Not a bad idea, eh?
The architecture around here is gorgeous—and more or less intact. There are the more famous buildings—the Bradbury was featured in Blade Runner, but there are many more of them that aren't well-known and still stand—maybe due to benign neglect.
I stopped for fish tacos (a bargain) in a joint near the Grand Central Market (still good, but a bit touristy), that had mariscos up front and dancing in the back. Maybe other kinds of deals were going down in the back, as well—involving the ladies hanging out there. One of my bandmates saw a blatantly obvious drug deal go down on the street during the day. Downtown is not gentrified, not quite yet—despite the Ace hotel and some new restaurants and clothing boutiques.
Among the Quinceañera cakes at a bakery was one for first communion.
There's an incredible arcade—a beautiful urban space, very much underused and underappreciated.
Did I mention this area would be a perfect zone in which to start a bike program in LA? It's dense, more or less flat, and there's lots of activity. Though I read that instead, the LAPD has been instructed to “crack down” on pedestrians in this part of town. Sad but true—in LA, pedestrians are viewed as an obstacle and an impediment to motor traffic. Cars rule here. (Wait until the oil runs out, guys!)
The sidewalks are filled with people (unlike in the rest of LA), and I spent a solid couple of hours walking aimlessly and poking into various places—beautiful.
The Seattle Mariners are in the midst of a decade long playoff drought. This drought has driven fans away in droves as attendance has plummeted to its lowest levels since the early 1990s (when it looked like the club was moving to Tampa Bay). Those that are left watching the Mariners wonder why the squad struggles offensively and some….shall we say interesting?…fixes coming to the Mariners organization. Unfortunately for Jack Z it is pretty clear that the fences are not the only problem plaguing the anemic Mariners offense, talent is. So how does one go about fixing the offense? Well there are quite a few ways for that situation to be addressed.
The Draft: This is the route that Jack Z and the front office have taken so far and it has had mixed results at the Major League level in Zduriencik's first four years in charge. As a result of this strategy you've seen such players as Kyle Seager and Dustin Ackley.
This is the route that Jack Z and the front office have taken so far and it has had mixed results at the Major League level in Zduriencik's first four years in charge. As a result of this strategy you've seen such players as Kyle Seager and Dustin Ackley. Trades: Zduriencik has had some success with trades as well especially since it has netted he M's powerful and promising young catcher Jesus Montero. You also saw him acquire the often injured Franklin Gutierrez in a 12-player trade during his first few months as the M's General Manager.
Zduriencik has had some success with trades as well especially since it has netted he M's powerful and promising young catcher Jesus Montero. You also saw him acquire the often injured Franklin Gutierrez in a 12-player trade during his first few months as the M's General Manager. Free Agency: This has been Jack Z's biggest failing as a GM and it has led to one of the largest black holes on this roster. That black hole would be Chone Figgins which was a move that barely made sense when he was signed (I'll say it here, my dad was right and I was wrong) and now clearly doesn't make sense. But when you look at the other signing (on offense) have kind of made sense form a needs point of view, see Olivo, M.
All of that being said it is now time for the M's too add a bat and begin rebuilding their fan base's interest in a club that's had its imaged soiled by incompetent management decisions in the last few months. And this needs to happen fast as there are only a few interesting bats out there for the M's to look at (and possibly sign). Let's get to some of those big names available to the M's through contract negotiations;
This is one of the thinnest free agent markets I have seen for hitters in my time following Major League Baseball. These three batters are the three most well-known and most likely to produce on the market this off season. If the Mariners can nab one of these players to shore up a weak and inconsistent line-up it could be beneficial to an anemic offense and an apathetic fan base. Obviously the offensive issues are at the top of the list, but Jack Z can go a long way to restoring the fan base by signing a big bat this winter.
By: Owen Jarus, LiveScience Contributor
Published: 12/31/2012 02:15 PM EST on LiveScience
"Peking Man," a human ancestor who lived in China between roughly 200,000 and 750,000 years ago, was a wood-working, fire-using, spear-hafting hominid who, mysteriously, liked to drill holes into objects for unknown reasons.
And, yes, these hominids, a form of Homo erectus, appear to have been quite meticulous about their clothing, using stone tools to soften and depress animal hides.
The new discoveries paint a picture of a human ancestor who was more sophisticated than previously believed.
Peking Man was first discovered in 1923 in a cave near the village of Zhoukoudian, close to Beijing (at that time called Peking). During 1941, at the height of World War II, fossils of Peking Man went missing, depriving scientists of valuable information.
Recently, researchers have embarked on a re-excavation of the cave site searching for artifacts and answers as to how the Peking Man lived. Just as importantly, they engaged in new lab work that includes using powerful microscopes to look at artifacts made by Peking Man to determine how they were used, a process archaeologists called "use-wear" analysis.
On Dec. 15, four of these scientists gathered at Toronto's Royal Ontario Museum to give an update on their most recent findings. Three of the scientists, Xing Gao, Yue Zhang and Shuangquan Zhang are with the Chinese Academy of Science's Institute of Vertebrate Palaeontology and Palaeoanthropology. The fourth, Chen Shen, is a curator at the Toronto museum and a special member of the academy.
Among their archaeological findings is a 300,000-year-old "activity floor" (as the scientists call it) containing what may be a hearth and fireplace, akin to a prehistoric living room. Analysis is ongoing and Yue Zhang noted that 3D scanners are being used to map it. If the results hold up, it may prove once and for all that Peking Man was able to control fire, an important skill given the chilly weather at times in northern China. [The 10 Biggest Mysteries of the First Humans]
Spear discovery
The use-wear analysis of Peking Man's tools yielded several interesting finds. Chen Shen said that analysis of the base of Peking Man's stone tools reveal that the hominid "likely" attached stone points to sticks creating a sort of spear. It's an important step in human development as it involves putting two materials, the stone tip and stick, together to form a composite tool.
Scientists are still trying to determine the details. For instance, Shen said it is possible that Peking Man was making spears with short sticks. While not as useful for hunting, the short stick would act as "an extension of the tool," and "you can hold it while you are scrapping or engraving," Shen said in an interview with LiveScience. Researchers are also trying to determine whether Peking Man used some form of sticky organic material to aid in the process of hafting a spear.
Another question is how this fits, chronologically, with other recent prehistoric findings. Just last month, scientists working in South Africa reported in the journal Science that another hominid named Homo heidelbergensis was making spears500,000 years ago (in its case likely to hunt animals). This leaves researchers with the question whether Peking Man, a different hominid, started making spears at around the same time.
More mysteries
The team also found evidence through the use-wear analysis that Peking Man was working wood (which didn't preserve in the cave) with their stone tools, possibly to turn it into wooden tools.
Perhaps the strangest finding was evidence for "drilling." Shen explained they don't know what the hominids were drilling into, or why, but they were certainly engaging in it with their stone tools. There is no evidence so far that Peking Man made ornaments or what we would consider art.
Finally, the analysis shows that Peking Man had an interest in clothes. "A certain proportion of tools were being used for the working and scraping of hides," Shen said in the interview..
"If they are depressing the hides, if they are softening hides, they can use the hides for their clothes," something no sophisticated hominids would dare live without.
Follow LiveScience on Twitter @livescience. We're also on Facebook & Google+.
Copyright 2012 LiveScience, a TechMediaNetwork company. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Photographs are so 20th century.
3D printing is revolutionizing the way we create all types of objects — including mini versions of ourselves. German company DOOB 3D recently set up shop in NYC, where anyone can get a tiny figurine made of themselves. The company originally developed its technology to scan cancer and stroke victims to be fitted for prosthetics. Now it's being used to produce 3D selfies.
The process is pretty painless. At the SoHo storefront, customers are ushered into a small booth that's fitted with 54 DSLR cameras. DOOB processes the data from those images and sends the files over to its printing facility in Brooklyn, where printers are running around the clock. Color is built into the process, making the finished figures strikingly realistic.
“Unless you have a twin, it's the first time you've ever seen yourself in 3D,” said Michael Anderson, CEO of DOOB 3D USA.
As people get more accustomed to the technology, Anderson says he expects poses to evolve. “You're seeing more and more now, these really interesting different poses — where people are understanding that things are happening behind them and around them," he said. "Their poses are really capturing themselves in a 3D environment, as opposed to a 3D version of their 2D pose.”
Mashable editor Annie Colbert, who has long dreamt of getting an action figure of herself made, recently visited DOOB's SoHo shop. Watch the video above to see how it was done.
The Obama administration has given a lot of lip service to the idea of treating drugs as a public health problem, not a criminal justice issue. Most recently, White House drug czar Michael Botticelli said, "We can't arrest and incarcerate addiction out of people."
Finally, the Obama administration appears to be — and I'm sorry for the cliché here — putting its money where its mouth is.
As Chris Ingraham pointed out at Wonkblog, for the first time since the beginning of the escalation of the war on drugs in the 1980s, the White House is asking to spend more money on the public health side of the drug war ("demand reduction") than law enforcement and interdiction ("supply reduction").
Here are the proposed budget numbers for the Office of National Drug Control Policy:
Congress will ultimately need to approve this budget, which certainly casts a lot of uncertainty about its chances of happening. But one reason for optimism is that much of this spending would go to Obama's plan to combat the opioid epidemic — an issue that both parties seem to agree needs serious attention.
The "supply reduction" side is what the drug war is traditionally about — going after drug cartels, drug users, and drug dealers. The idea behind these policies is that by limiting the supply of drugs, prices will go up and a drug habit will be much costlier.
But while this approach has very likely pushed the prices of drugs higher than they would be otherwise, illicit drug prices have still plummeted over the past few decades as drug use has remained roughly the same.
The "demand reduction" spending goes to all sorts of programs, mostly focused on preventing and treating drug abuse as a health care issue. The goal is to eliminate demand for drugs by either treating addiction or preventing it — and if there's no demand, there's going to be no market for illicit drugs.
The shift to a public health approach is in line with public and expert opinion
The budget numbers don't tell the whole story. Recent changes to federal law — the Mental Health Parity and Addiction Equity Act, the 2008 Medicare Improvement for Patient and Providers Act, and Obamacare — imposed new rules on health insurers, requiring them to cover drug and alcohol treatment as an essential health benefit. So people with health insurance are more likely to have addiction treatment covered in their plans.
The shift to a public health approach is in line with public and expert opinion. Polls show that most Americans prefer treating drugs as a public health issue, not a criminal one. And many experts, including the International Narcotics Control Board, have asked for a greater focus on public health policies to curtail demand for drugs.
Still, there's been a massive gap in access to drug treatment for years. According to 2014 federal data, at least 89 percent of people who meet the definition for a drug abuse disorder don't get treatment. And that's likely an underestimate: Federal household surveys leave out incarcerated and homeless individuals, who are more likely to have serious, untreated drug problems. So the White House's new spending could address a big gap in the health care system.
But the Obama administration's proposal is also a big symbol of how much times have changed. A couple decades ago, both parties heralded tough-on-crime policies in the war on drugs. Today, there's a good chance the federal government will soon spend more on public health policies in the drug war than tough-on-crime measures.
San Antonio chooses Ivy Taylor as new mayor
District 2 City Councilwoman Ivy Taylor is sworn in as San Antonio mayor Tuesday morning, replacing Julian Castro for the remainder of his term. District 2 City Councilwoman Ivy Taylor is sworn in as San Antonio mayor Tuesday morning, replacing Julian Castro for the remainder of his term. Photo: Nolan Hicks Photo: Nolan Hicks Image 1 of / 27 Caption Close San Antonio chooses Ivy Taylor as new mayor 1 / 27 Back to Gallery
SAN ANTONIO — The City Council appointed Councilwoman Ivy Taylor to become San Antonio's next mayor.
She did not win a majority of the council vote, as her colleagues split 5-3 over her and Councilman Ray Lopez.
Lopez then withdrew from consideration, saying that it was important for the city to move forward.
Mayor Julián Castro then submitted his official letter of resignation, reading it aloud in council chambers.
He then congratulated Taylor for becoming the city's new mayor. She is the first African-American woman to hold the seat.
She pledged to “work with everyone” to make San Antonio a great city. She thanked her family from traveling to San Antonio for Tuesday's meeting and her husband and daughter for their support.
During the roll call vote, Taylor secured votes from council members Rebecca Viagran, Rey Saldaña, Ron Nirenberg, Joe Krier and Mike Gallagher. Diego Bernal, Shirley Gonzales and Cris Medina voted for Lopez.
Once Lopez withdrew, there was a motion to appoint Taylor, which received unanimous support.
Taylor was sworn in as mayor just after noon.
She then presented Castro with a plaque on behalf of the entire council for his service to San Antonio.
Taylor has been on the council since 2009. She has represented District 2 on the East Side. When she decided to be considered for the appointment, she told her colleagues that she would not run for election in 2015.
If that holds true, the 2015 mayoral election will be for an open seat and is expected to be a raucous event with several potential contenders.
Read the full story on our subscriber site, ExpressNews.com.
jbaugh@express-news.net
In any software project, we need to understand the people who will use the product. There are many different points of view onto what approach we should take.
Spool: Vision, feedback, culture
Some promote approaches to usability practice alternative to User Centered Design (UCD).
Spool (2008, 2009) calls the attention of the usability community to the risk of accepting methodologies blindly, of following them as dogma. Instead of measuring the results, he says, usability practitioners tend to focus on convincing people: “We are following the right methodology, so the product must be good”.
Instead of UCD, which he argues never worked, but leads to people following the process blindly, he encourages what he calls informed design. This is a reward system for any design activity such that the effectiveness of the activity can be measured.
Spool states having researched successful and unsuccessful interaction design projects. He claims having found three quality attributes successful projects had in common: a long-term user experience vision, a working feedback loop, and a culture of encouraging design failure.
“Vision : Can everyone on the team describe what the experience of using your design will be like five years from now?” (Spool, 2008, 2009)
The point here is that you have a larger goal, and when you take daily baby steps in your design, you can tell whether those steps are towards what you're aiming, or not. This seems to also facilitate consistency, as everyone in the team are supposedly aiming for the same, shared goal.
“Feedback : In the last six weeks, have you spent more than two hours watching someone use yours or a competitor's design?” (Spool, 2008, 2009)
The usefulness of feedback from actual users is rather obvious. Spool seems to stress the importance that everyone in the team have the experience of seeing real users use your design — supposedly, in order to remember just how differently real users perceived your design than you did.
The reason Spool argues for six weeks as the maximum amount of time one should be allowed to not sympathize with users, is that according to him, after that time memories fade. In an online, distributed development environment, we want to regularly expose developers to perceptions about how users experience their designs.
“Culture : In the last six weeks, have you rewarded a team member for creating a major design failure?” (Spool, 2008, 2009)
Here, Spool argues that encouraging failure results in a culture of learning from that failure, instead of making contributors ashamed or afraid of mistakes. This also seems to facilitate creativity and trying also experimental design ideas.
Regardless of the validity of Spool's criticism against UCD, his propositions for things to include when designing for our actual users look useful, because they can be adopted seemingly without burdening the team with a heavyweight process.
Open source, for example, has been considered loosely a form of distributed participatory design (Barcellini et al., 2008; Terry et al., 2010) . Participatory design is concerned about democracy at work and about democracy in design. In its roots then, its approach to design is quite similar to the ideals of open source (Nichols & Twidale, 2003), where transparency of the development process is a key value.
Participatory design
In UCD, the focus is on researching the users so that designers can make better design decisions. In contrast, participatory design seeks to empower users as decision makers in the design process itself.
Researcher-designers are thus expected to facilitate user-designer cooperation instead of representing the users (Iivari, 2009) . Ehn (1993) approaches the question of communicating understanding about the intricacies of work, between designers and users, in terms of wittgensteinian language-games:
“If designers and users share the same form of life, it should be possible to overcome the gap between the different language-games [of users and designers]. It should, at least in principle, be possible to develop the practice of design to the point where there is enough family resemblance between a specific language-game of the users and the language-games in which the designers of the computer application are intervening. A mediation should be possible.” (Ehn, 1993, p. 70)
Within the domain of participatory design there are techniques, supposedly helping both users and designers see “other person as partner” instead of “other person as problem”, recognizing the differences in perspective of different stakeholders (Allen et al., 1993). Also in the context of an open source project, users and developers have different language-games. Participatory design explores the conception that making mediation possible between those language-games facilitates design and user participation through enhanced communication.
Erickson (1996) discusses telling stories, considered perhaps an initial, less formal alternative to scenarios , as a similar “equalizer” of different participants of discussion, since storytelling requires no special skills. This comes very close to the challenge of involving users in development that seems to have a culmination point in open source development.
An open source community indeed engages users at a level of discussion. Observation of users in their real working environment is difficult — and sharing those observations in a way that engages the community (such as a video narrative illustrating users' environments) raises privacy issues — and again, is very time-consuming. Thus, the notion of a solution encouraging users to further participate in the design instead of being observed is a very tempting one.
However, Iivari (2009) states that in the OSS project she studied, users do not have actual decision making power regarding the OSS but are left in a consultative role. This seems to be true of most OSS projects. Ultimate decision making is left to developers only, to whom a very limited amount of understanding about the users of the software is available in the forums of the community (Iivari, 2009).
In OSS projects, user involvement is thin from the perspectives of both UCD (no usability practitioners to represent users) and participatory design (the few users who do participate have no true power over the eventual software). Warsta & Abrahamsson (2003) have studied the similarities of agile methodologies and open source development. Sy (2007) builds a case for agile as an efficient framework in which to employ user-centered design.
Further research could reveal whether these approaches might also be applicable to open source development. So central questions, yet ones without clear answers, seem to include:
Is there a way UCD understanding could enrich the natural way OSS projects learn about their users?
Could usability practitioners plug in to the community's existing means of communication, finding fruitful points of contact with the community while using methods favoured by UCD, such as ethnographies, to fuel design?
Or should we perhaps concentrate on what seems to come naturally to an OSS community, and only refine user research methods to be based on the open source community's feedback?
(Adapted from master's thesis, Chapter 8.1. Originally published in Moodle usability blog.)
References
Allen, C. D., Ballman, D., Begg, V., Miller-Jacobs, H. H., Muller, M., Nielsen, J., & Spool, J. (1993). User involvement in the design process: why, when & how? In Proceedings of the INTERACT'93 and CHI'93 Conference on Human Factors in Computing Systems (p. 254). ACM Press.
Barcellini, F., Détienne, F., & Burkhardt, J. (2008). User and developer mediation in an Open Source Software community: Boundary spanning through cross participation in online discussions. International Journal of Human-Computer Studies, 66(7), 558–570.
Ehn, P. (1993). Scandinavian Design: On participation and skill. In D. Schuler & A.Namioka (Eds.), Participatory Design. Routledge.
Erickson, T. (1996). Design as storytelling. interactions, 3(4), 30–35. doi:10.1145/234813.234817
Iivari, N. (2009). User Participation in ‘Configuring the User' in OSS Development. International Conference on Information Systems (ICIS) 2009 Proceedings, Paper 199. Retrieved March 19, 2009, from http://aisel.aisnet.org/icis2009/199
Nichols, D. M., & Twidale, M. B. (2003). The Usability of Open Source Software. First Monday, 8(1). Retrieved from http://firstmonday.org/article/view/1018/939
Spool, J. (2008, April 12). Journey to the center of design (Slideshow with audio). Retrieved from http://www.slideshare.net/jmspool/journey-to-the-center-of-design
See also: Spool's own in-depth story
Spool, J. (2009, March 19). Journey to the center of design. Presented at the SXSWi 2009. Retrieved from http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WCLGnMdBeW8
See also: Spool's own in-depth story
Terry, M., Kay, M., & Lafreniere, B. (2010). Perceptions and practices of usability in the free/open source software (FoSS) community. In Proceedings of the 28th International Conference on Human Factors in Computing Systems CHI '10 (pp. 999–1008). ACM Press. doi:10.1145/1753326.1753476
Warsta, J., & Abrahamsson, P. (2003). Is open source software development essentially an agile method? In Proceedings of the 3rd Workshop on Open Source Software Engineering (pp. 143–147). Presented at the 25th International Conference on Software Engineering.
Gilbert Kambale, another local activist, told Reuters that at least 13 militiamen and three soldiers had died in Thursday's fighting.
KINSHASA – At least 12 people were killed in northeastern Democratic Republic of Congo in heavy firefights between the army and militia fighters on Thursday, and several students sitting exams were wounded in an explosion at a school, local activists said.
The fighting in and around the city of Beni between Congo's army and what is believed to be a new coalition of armed groups, the National Movement of Revolutionaries (MNR), killed at least eight militiamen and four soldiers, said activist Teddy Kataliko.
The clashes, some of which occurred near the mayor's office, broke out early Thursday morning but the army had driven back the militias by mid-afternoon, he added.
Gilbert Kambale, another local activist, told Reuters that at least 13 militiamen and three soldiers had died in Thursday's fighting.
The mayor and a local army spokesman could not be immediately reached for comment on Thursday afternoon.
The fighting followed a breakout by more than 900 inmates, many suspected militiamen, from Beni's main prison this month - one of a series of mass jailbreaks that have undermined security in Congo since President Joseph Kabila refused to step down at the end of his constitutional mandate in December.
Worsening security in the vast central African nation has raised fears of a return to the civil wars of the turn of the century that killed millions, most from hunger and disease, and sucked in more than half a dozen neighbouring countries.
Kataliko and Kambale also said unidentified assailants set off an explosive device at a local secondary school, wounding several students sitting exams. A hospital source said at least three students were injured in the blast.
Eastern Congo contains dozens of armed groups that prey on locals and exploit mineral reserves. Hundreds of civilians have died near Beni since October 2014 in a series of overnight massacres, mostly carried out with hatchets and machetes. It is still not clear who is responsible for most of the attacks.
Donald Trump has a new, derisive nickname for his Democratic rival: Hillary “Rotten” Clinton.
Addressing backers Monday in an overly warm ballroom in Roanoke, Virginia, the Republican presidential nominee lashed out at Clinton as low-energy and needing naps. He argued that she dropped her maiden name, Rodham, because it sounds like “rotten.”
“Why did she get rid of it? Hillary Rotten Clinton, Rotten Clinton. Hillary Rotten Clinton, right?” Trump told the crowd. “Maybe that's why, it's too close.”
Trump has repeatedly referred to Clinton as “Crooked Hillary.”
The event was held in the home state of Clinton's new running mate, Sen. Tim Kaine, whom Trump derided as a “weird little dude” and a political “hack.” Trump argued that Clinton made a mistake when she chose Kaine, describing the well-liked former governor and senator as the opposite of the sort of fiery liberal that supporters of Clinton's former rival Bernie Sanders may have been drawn to.
Many of Sanders' supporters at the Democratic National Convention remain deeply committed to their candidate, holding demonstrations in Philadelphia and booing mentions of Clinton on the convention floor.
Trump reveled in the drama as he campaigned with his running mate, Mike Pence.
Speaking Monday night at a rally in North Carolina during a rally that capped off his first day on the road since becoming his party's nominee, Trump repeatedly pointed to the commotion in Philadelphia.
“What a mess they have going,” said Trump. “Crazy Bernie's going crazy right now.”
During the Virginia rally, the billionaire businessman unleashed a barrage of attacks against Clinton in light of the latest scandal to overshadow her run for office. He accused Clinton of disloyalty for not protecting outgoing Democratic National Committee Chairwoman Debbie Wasserman Schultz following the release of hacked emails that suggest some DNC staffers favored Clinton over Sanders.
Trump claims Wasserman Schultz “worked very hard to rig the system” in Clinton's favor, and Clinton responded by throwing her “under the bus.”
He also suggested at one point that China may have been involved in the DNC hack, despite no evidence to suggest the country's involvement.
“Little did she know that China, Russia — one of our many, many friends — came in and hacked the hell out of us,” Trump said sarcastically, framing the words “friends” in air quotes.
After Democratic Party officials learned their systems were attacked in late April, they sought the help of the cybersecurity firm CrowdStrike Inc., which then discovered traces of at least two sophisticated hacking groups on the Democrats' network — both of which have ties to the Russian government.
The FBI said Monday it is investigating how the hack occurred.
In North Carolina, Trump dismissed suggestions that the Russians may be trying to influence the election in his favor because of his relatively friendly approach to the country's president, Vladimir Putin. He called the idea “one of the weirdest conspiracies.”
Still, he asked: “Wouldn't it be nice if we actually did get along with Russia?”
I'm releasing some code that could get you in some mild trouble if you use it. It's nothing groundbreaking - just a run-of-the-mill scraper written with nodejs that grabs your data from Yelp and gives it to you either as JSON and HTML formatted with hReview.
It's open source on GitHub - the yell project.
~/⇾ npm install yell ~/⇾ yell YOUR_USER_ID fetching articles starting with 0 fetching articles starting with 10 fetching articles starting with 20 fetching articles starting with 30 fetching articles starting with 40 Finished! Find in this directory: - yelp.html, a hreview-formatted HTML version - yelp.json: raw JSON data.
Dear Yelp: it only fetches one user's data - not everyone's. No need to worry about evil people stealing data, if you really tried to use this tool to that, it'd do a terrible and incomplete job. It's for users who want their data.
Yelp has an API. It's right here, but, in the words of a Yelp employee, it's made for businesses - it doesn't have a method to get your data.
The Terms of Service
The problem is the difference between what lawyers write about technology and what they write about copyright.
As between you and Yelp, you own Your Content. (5C: Content Ownership)
Yelp is reasonable about copyright; like many other services, they claim perpetual rights to use your content pretty much however they like, and the aggregates of your star rating with everyone elses isn't “everyone's” - it's owned by Yelp. Fair: aggregation is what they do.
But you own the © on your data - what if you want it?
You also agree not to, and will not assist, encourage, or enable others to: use any robot, spider, site search/retrieval application, or other automated device, process or means to access, retrieve, scrape, or index any portion of the Site or any Site Content; (6B, part iii)
All credit to Lawrence Lessig for popularizing the notion of code is law: this is that.
You can write your reviews and post them on Yelp, but there is no way - API or scraping - that you can legally copy them from Yelp, except by visiting each page and copy & pasting. For me, this is a deterrent to contributing to Yelp, even if it's tepid reviews of coffeeshops. And since I've found DC's best, there's not much to say there.
So I get it: companies see user-generated data as their competitive advantage. If anyone could get a MySQL dump of Yelp, there'd be lots of competitors who are ‘unfairly' advantaged by having the work done for them. Yelp has competition, like Google Places (update: Google Places was discontinued), Foursquare and the like, and needs to manage how they reuse and its content.
But that's not the point: a website inviting contributions but lacking an export API isn't good enough for conscientious or creative users. In this case, over-eager legal terms really limit the potential of site.
Scrapers and Exporters
The first iteration was in node.io and CoffeeScript, but I rebuilt it with cheerio, a great implementation of jQuery's essentials along with a relaxed parser. And instead of request, I used the library that I wrote, and that still powers TileMill and some other work projects - node-get.
This really isn't a significant amount of code: maybe 50 LOC total, and an hour less time to build.
Scrapers are odd like that: I wrote a quick one for Garmin's website to get running data for my running map and it got a decent amount of usage - and even a meaningful improvement in a fork.
Scrapers rarely work on more than one site, and abstracting the process rarely yields results. This makes them a nice to do every once in a while: it tends to help out a lot of less-technical people to give them the ability to export the data that they own, but is hard to pull out.
October 19, 2014 at 3:05 PM
ST. LOUIS — Seahawks safety Earl Thomas was asked if he was surprised if the Rams' fumble at the end of Seattle's 28-26 loss wasn't reviewed. It looked as if Sherman had recovered the fumble initially, but the Rams' retained possession and ran out the clock.
“Yeah,” Thomas said. “At least give us a shot. But you know what? I'm not surprised with the referees this season. If you really look at some plays, we're playing more than our opponents. We're playing the referees too. I don't care what anybody is saying. Something is wrong. That needs to be brought up.”
Thomas was asked if the refs gave the Seahawks an explanation. “There's never an explanation,” he said. “It's kind of crazy how football is turning out now. You give a guy, just because he wears a white and black shirt, he has authority of the game. Man, they need to stay out of it — that's my key — and let us dominate.”
Thomas also pointed to special teams and the fact the Seahawks weren't disciplined, but he also said, “We've got to understand who we're battling now. We won everything last year. We're battling the referees now. I don't know what's going on with that. We've got to cut out the penalties. That's what's hurting us.”
Dean Blandino, the NFL's vice president of officiating, tweeted an explanation of that final fumble:
At end of #SEAvsSTL we looked at all available angles. No evidence of who recovered ball. Ball still loose and then went into pile. — Dean Blandino (@DeanBlandino) October 19, 2014
Player coming out of pile w/loose ball is not a clear recovery. Need video evidence of him gaining possession. Play was reviewed in NY. — Dean Blandino (@DeanBlandino) October 19, 2014
For those asking it was ruled a fumble, not down. Officials ruled STL recovery so by rule ball comes back to spot of fumble. — Dean Blandino (@DeanBlandino) October 19, 2014
RELATED:
FAN ZONE:
In adapting Disney's “Frozen” for the stage in “Frozen – Live at the Hyperion,” the team at Walt Disney Imagineering Creative Entertainment sought out new and exciting ways to tell Anna and Elsa's story. Among other innovations, this dazzling theatrical production incorporates state-of-the-art projections and motion capture technology to create several “Wow!” moments for the audience.
Disney team members collaborated with award-winning video and projection designer Aaron Rhyne (“A Gentleman's Guide to Love and Murder,” “Tangled: The Musical”) to produce projection effects that open up the world of the story, propel the action forward and blend seamlessly with physical sets and, in some cases, the performers themselves!
That custom video wall covers 2,200 square feet and includes more than 4 million pixels. In fact, it weighs so much, the stage deck had to be reinforced with steel plates to secure it! It's just one of the incredibly impressive set pieces that will make “Frozen – Live at the Hyperion” a not-to-be-missed spectacle.
The show makes its debut May 27 in the Hyperion Theater at Disney California Adventure park.
SALT LAKE CITY (AP) — A Utah firefighters union and a gay-rights group can face off against the Drug Enforcement Administration in a court fight over warrantless searches of a prescription drug database similar to those kept by most U.S. states, a federal judge decided Thursday.
The databases containing all controlled-substance prescriptions for every patient are designed to help doctors and police curb abuse, but unfettered police access to them has raised concerns.
The group Equality Utah argues warrantless searches violate the privacy of transgender people whose hormone medications are recorded in the database. The firefighters union, meanwhile, says two members were wrongly accused of prescription drug fraud after a wide-ranging, warrantless search.
U.S. Magistrate Judge Dustin Pead decided Thursday the two groups can add their privacy and social justice arguments to a lawsuit between the DEA and the state of Utah.
DEA lawyers say the agency should be exempt from a new state law that requires police to get a warrant before accessing the database.
Utah is among the minority of states that require police to get a warrant before a search, a change sparked in part by the firefighters' case. They were charged after police investigating ambulance drug thefts ran hundreds of names through the system on a hunch that it might be an inside job.
The two men weren't connected to the thefts, their relatively high number of prescriptions raised suspicion and prosecutors filed fraud charges. The case was later dropped, but still put their careers and personal lives at risk, they said.
Their case shows why police shouldn't be able to access the nearly 70 million records in Utah's nearly 20-year-old database, said the ACLU's Nathan Freed Wessler, who is representing the firefighters and Equality Utah. The database contains records of prescriptions for medication like the anti-anxiety drug Xanax and the sleep aid Ambien as well as prescription painkillers, he said.
“That's a mind-boggling quantity of highly sensitive medical information,” he said.
But the DEA says the database is an important tool in the early stages of their investigation, like one they're conducting into a Utah medical provider suspected of supplying pills to people with ties to an organized crime group.
Federal attorney Kathryn Wyer fought unsuccessfully to keep the Utah groups from intervening in their lawsuit against the state, arguing agents are only asking to use the database for a specific investigation that has nothing to do with them. The prescription-drug industry is already highly regulated and the database has no expectation of privacy, she said.
“People expect their prescription information is going to end up in this database,” Wyer said. “There's a statue that says so.”
Firefighters' union president Jeremy Robertson said that while he's sympathetic to the need to curb a nationwide problem with prescription drug abuse, police shouldn't have unfettered access.
“Doctors and pharmacists have a legitimate need for such a database,” said Robertson, whose own records were among those searched by police in the ambulance-theft investigation. “Law enforcement should go through a process to protect my rights.”
© 2016, Associated Press, All Rights Reserved.
This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed.
This Story Filed Under
This post contains affiliate links. See my Disclosure Policy for details.
Our kids have always enjoyed Dr. Seuss books. We went through a phase where that's all they chose for their nighttime reading. With National Read Across America Day approaching, we've been pulling out and reading some of our favorite Dr. Seuss books like One Fish Two Fish Red Fish Blue Fish. We are also on a roll with the Dr. Seuss book inspired projects. These handprint puppets are our second project inspired by One Fish Two Fish Red Fish Blue Fish.
One of my goals for this year was to do more hand and footprint crafts with our youngest two kids. I did a lot with our oldest and have not done as many with the youngest too and wanted to squeeze some in before they are too big.
Puppets are a great addition to children's play. They can stimulate children's imaginations, encourage creativity, and initiate communication and narration. Our daughter was anxious to finish her handprint puppets and play with them. She has had them out several times since engaging in imaginative play using the puppets.
Supplies
Red cardstock
Blue cardstock
Craft sticks
Googly eyes
Black marker
Glue
Tape
Directions
1. To get started trace your child's hand on both red and blue paper.
2. Cut out the handprints.
3. Glue a googly eye to each fish on the palm side of the fish. We turned the fish so that the thumb pointed downwards.
4. Use the black marker to draw a mouth on each fish.
5. Attach the fish to craft sticks. We used tape to attach the fish. You could also use a hot glue gun or other strong craft glue.
Extend the Activity
Pull out your dot markers or bingo daubers for some dot painting with this Red Fish Blue Fish Dot Painting Activity.
Go back through the book and identify some of the rhyming words in the story.
Pull out the cupcake liners and make fish like these at The Kindergarten Connection.
You Also Might Like
Get the biggest daily stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Three women have won £1,000 compensation each from a grocer dubbed “Grabber Grenfell” who was found guilty of groping shoppers.
Cub scout leader Raymond Grenfell, 70, claimed his touching, kissing and saucy comments to female customers was just “friendly banter” in his Crickhowell store.
The grocer was found guilty of a string of sexual assaults - but appealed the conviction in a bid to clear his name.
His victims returned to court to give new evidence to the judge who ordered Grenfell to pay £1,000 to three shoppers.
Judge Michael Fitton QC described Grenfell as a “man who lacks respect for women.”
'Pillar of the community'
The defendant was earlier convicted by magistrates of sexually assaulting four women in their 30s and 40s by grabbing them by their breasts, their waist, kissing them on the lips and begging them to take their clothes off.
The grandfather of four described as “the pillar of the community” denied the allegations at the Grenfell and Son grocery store in the Powys town.
He was convicted by magistrates at nearby Brecon - but appealed against his convictions at Merthyr Tydfil Crown Court - forcing victims back to court to give more evidence.
The women, who cannot be named, told the court their relationships with Grenfell had begun innocently but had progressed quickly into smut and innuendo on his part.
'Grabber Grenfell'
“We all called him Grabber Grenfell,” one victim told the court.
“It started to become more than just an easy friendship.
“I felt some of his remarks became rather lewd, and inappropriate and dirty minded.
“I was very vulnerable. I had been through hell. It made me feel dirty. He did not hold back.”
(Image: Wales News Service)
She said Grenfell had pressed his hands against her breasts.
“I felt ashamed. I had been violated,” she said.
“He had a smirk on his face. He is a dirty old man.”
'Made me squirm'
Another victim said: “There was always innuendo. It was like a drip, drip effect.
“You could be talking about the weather and he would say something about seeing me in a bikini.
“It made me squirm and if I could avoid him I would. He was always very tactile but he was very crafty.”
She told the court Grenfell had sexually assaulted her by liking his fingers and putting them on her breasts.
“It was a momentary touch and he just did one of his dirty sighs,” she said.
'Dropped to his knees'
Grenfell assaulted another victim after pestering her and demanding to see her belly button piercing.
She said: “He told me to lift up my top for him to have a look. I put my hand over my midriff.
“He dropped to his knees and asked me again. He said: “You excite me. Give me a kiss before I go”
“I felt it was not going to a nice place. I turned my cheek and he lunged forward. He grabbed me around my waist, put his hand on my breast and squeezed.”
(Image: Wales News Service Ltd.)
His fourth victim alleged that on one occasion when she went into his shop he was sitting on a stool but refused to move, telling her: “I'm not going to move out the way because I want to feel your breasts on my back.”
She also alleged he had kissed her on the lips before she fled.
He admitted kissing her once on the lips because he had gone to peck her on the cheek but she had failed to turn her head and he had given her a second one “for luck”.
The women said they kept the alleged attacks secret, which occurred between 2007 and 2014, because they feared they wouldn't be believed over the “popular” shopkeeper.
'Lies added to the truth'
It was only after the women found out about each other's experience through other locals that they decided to contact police.
Grenfell, a former school governor, told the court it was normal for him to greet customers with a hug and a peck or sometimes a kiss on the lips and it was all just part of friendly banter as part of his friendly and tactile persona.
He told the court: “Lies have been added to the truth to make more lies.”
The court heard he was a well respected member of the community.
Ann Smith, the former headteacher of the local primary school, told the appeal: “I have never had any concern about his behaviour.
“I have not had any cause to question the propriety of his behaviour in any way at all.
“The children love Ray. He would put himself second and he is still holding the community together.”
'Personality flaw'
Judge Michael Fitton QC dismissed Grenfell's appeal for the first three complainants - but upheld it for the fourth because the burden of proof had not been met.
He told Grenfell that he was found to be “untruthful”.
The judge added: “The appellant in our judgment is a man who lacks respect for women and was seeking by degrees to exercise his own will and overcome the responses of those women to whom he was making approaches in a subtle way.
“It displays a character trait that is a personality flaw in contradiction in all the excellent things said about him.”
Grenfell, whose address was given as his grocery shop in High Street, Crickhowell, was ordered to complete 150 hours unpaid work along with the £1,000 compensation to three women.
He will also have to sign as a sex offender for five years.
Words by agency reporter Suzanne Evans
Congo's president, Joseph Kabila, attends the signing ceremony of the Peace, Security and Cooperation Framework for the Democratic Republic of Congo and the Great Lakes, at the African Union Headquarters in Addis Ababa, Ethiopia, Feb. 24, 2013. REUTERS/Tiksa Negeri/File Photo
The ruling government in Congo has indicated it may not hold long-awaited elections this year.
Why? It's simply too expensive, a government official suggested this week
“It will be difficult to think that we can mobilize $1.8 billion this year," Pierre Kangudia Mbayi, minister of state in charge of budget, said at a news conference Wednesday, Africa News reported. "At this stage, I prefer to keep a language of sincerity.”
That $1.8 billion cost was the one estimated by Congo's Independent National Electoral Commission (CENI) last year.
It is certainly a large amount of money — almost two-thirds the estimated cost of America's 2016 presidential vote, despite a vast difference in economic size between the countries. However, election officials say funds are needed to register more than 30 million voters in a vast country with poor transport links that has not held regular elections. CENI had already announced late last year that it doubted it would be able to register all voters before 2018.
These explanations are unlikely to placate critics of current leader Joseph Kabila, who has led been president of Congo since his father was assassinated in 2001. Kabila was due to step down at the end of his second term in November, and the country's constitution bars a third term.
Opinion polls show most Congolese want him to step down and make way for a new leader.
But Kabila has refused to leave office until a new president is chosen, a decision later upheld by a constitutional court viewed as loyal to the president. The delayed elections have sparked a political crisis in the country. In the sprawling capital of Kinshasa, scattered demonstrations against Kabila were put down by soldiers and police; at least 20 people died in the ensuing violence.
While a deal was eventually reached to hold elections before the end of 2017, Mbayi's comments suggest that further delays may be coming.
The situation in Congo highlights a broader issue across sub-Saharan Africa: leaders who won't step down. Across the continent, there are widespread examples of governments flouting term limits and other standard democratic practices so they can retain power, sometimes for decades.
Even when these leaders are compelled to leave office, they often don't give up without a fight: Yahyah Jammeh, president of the Gambia for 22 years, lost a reelection bid but left office only after West African troops threatened to oust him by force.
Congo, sub-Saharan Africa's largest nation, has never had a peaceful handover of power, and it was plagued by conflict for many years in the late 1990s and early 2000s. Tensions between Kabila's government and its opposition have been strained further by the death of veteran opposition leader Etienne Tshisekedi last month.
It is true that the country's economic problems are very real. According to one estimate, many Congolese citizens live on $2 a day despite the country's vast mineral resources. But Kabila himself is estimated to have made a large fortune out of his time in office, with hundreds of millions of dollars funneled to his family, according to a Bloomberg News investigation.
Read more:
Up to 20 dead in clashes in Congo over president's decision to stay in power
Africa's leaders consider a future when the U.S. no longer cares
Reuters/Dan Kitwood There's filtration and then there's filtration.
Engineers in the US have been working on the latter, coming up with a new, markedly more energy-efficient way of taking the salt out of seawater, which could deliver huge advantages in terms of providing people with access to drinking water and help combat problems like drought.
The researchers have developed a material that allows high volumes of water to pass through extremely tiny holes called 'nanopores' while blocking salt and other contaminants.
The material they're using - a nanometre-thick sheet of molybdenum disulphide (MoS2) riddled with these nanopore holes - is the most efficient of a number of thin-film membranes that the engineers modelled, filtering up to 70 percent more water than graphene.
"Even though we have a lot of water on this planet, there is very little that is drinkable," said Narayana Aluru, a professor of mechanical science and engineering at the University of Illinois and leader of the study. "If we could find a low-cost, efficient way to purify seawater, we would be making good strides in solving the water crisis."
Molybdenum disulphide coupled with nanopores could be that solution. While desalination isn't a new concept, the efficiency gains with this kind of new material - both in terms of the energy required to make the filtration work, and also the cost of keeping a desalination system running - could make a world of difference when it comes to processing large amounts of seawater.
"Finding materials for efficient desalination has been a big issue, and I think this work lays the foundation for next-generation materials," said Aluru. "These materials are efficient in terms of energy usage and fouling, which are issues that have plagued desalination technology for a long time."
Conventional desalination relies on reverse osmosis to channel seawater through a thin plastic membrane, but the process suffers from a number of bottlenecks. While the membrane appears thin to the eye, from a microscopic perspective it's more tube- or tunnel-like than a sheet that's only a nanometre in thickness, which means it requires more pressure (and thus energy) to operate. They're also susceptible to more clogging, which ramps up operational costs.
Mohammad Heiranian/University of Illinois
In comparison, the extreme thinness of the molybdenum disulphide membrane allows water to pass through with much less resistance, lessening or negating many of the above drawbacks. But the ingenuity behind the system isn't just in its engineering.
"MoS2 has inherent advantages in that the molybdenum in the centre attracts water, then the sulphur on the other side pushes it away, so we have much higher rate of water going through the pore," said Mohammad Heiranian, first author of the study. "It's inherent in the chemistry of MoS2 and the geometry of the pore, so we don't have to functionalise the pore, which is a very complex process with graphene."
There you have it, folks - the world's first thirsty water filter. We love it! The next steps for the researchers are partnering with manufacturers who can bring their modelled desalination technique to life. The first step will be testing, but they're confident their findings - which are published in Nature Communications - could be applied on an industrial scale for everybody's benefit.
"I'm in California now, and there's a lot of talk about the drought and how to tackle it," said Amir Barati Farimani, a postdoctoral fellow at Stanford University who worked on the research at Illinois as a graduate student. "I'm very hopeful that this work can help the designers of desalination plants."
We continue to develop new locations for our game. This time we would like to introduce a new location for Naval Battles - “English shore”. The action will take place on the coastal area of the British Isles.
The battling parties will have to capture and hold the strategic passages between small islands and moss covered cliffs. The landscape allows hiding of smaller vessels behind the rocks and makes it possible to lead a sudden and fast attack straight for the capture zones.
The location is inspired from various areas of the British coast - the white cliffs of Dover, the coast of Wales and around Ramsey Island. The Maunsell Forts - metal fortresses mounted on pylons, being a part of the British coastal defenses are also a feature of this latest location.
This new beautiful location will be introduced in the close future - one of the next test sessions of Naval Battles will take place right here. Join in in and see it for yourself!
May 27, 2014 (JUBA) – There are calls from the South Sudanese diaspora for US intervention to end ongoing conflict in the country and for sanctions to be imposed on the country's rival leaders.
US secretary of state (L) is greeted by South Sudan's foreign minister, Barnaba Marial Benjamin, on his arrival in the capital, Juba, on 2 May 2014 (AP)
The group, comprising largely of activists from different ethnic groups and regions, have launched an online petition urging the US to act, saying South Sudanese people are “sick and tired of senseless violence”.
“We, the undersigned South Sudanese Americans, are deeply concerned with the devastating crisis in South Sudan,” the petition says.
“We are sick and tired of all the violence going on in our motherland. Our unity in diversity and our civic commitments compel us to speak now in one voice regardless of how this conflict has developed ethnic hatred,” the petition adds.
It calls for high level US involvement in the conflict in order to end suffering and avert famine caused by the widespread displacement in war-affected areas.
SANCTIONS “INADEQUATE”
The group has also called for widening of sanctions on officials responsible for human rights abuses.
The US has already introduced targeted sanctions banning travel to the US and a freeze on assets, but the group describes the current measures as too “inadequate to make an impression”.
“There are key officials on both sides of the conflict who have assets and properties in the United States, Kenya, Uganda, Ethiopia, South Africa, Australia, and Europe,” the group said.
The diaspora community has demanded an immediate suspension of any direct funding to the government and for it to be instead diverted to support emergency humanitarian efforts.
“Strong action by the United States is needed to bring the peace that we have yearned for in so many years. We urge you to become personally involved again and take further tough actions to meet this challenge,” the group said, calling for US secretary of state John Kerry to be again dispatched to the region to help negotiate the formation of an inclusive transitional government.
South Sudan has been locked in a devastating conflict since mid-December last year after a political split in the ruling SPLM party turned violent.
The conflict has pitted government loyalists against rebels aligned with former vice-president Riek Machar, reigniting tribal tensions across the country.
It's estimated that 10,000 have died, while more than 1.3 million have been displaced, with ongoing peace talks and a negotiated ceasefire deal so far failing to halt hostilities on the ground.
The group has appealed to US president Barack Obama to personally intervene to end violence in the country, saying diplomatic pressure is key to ensuring both parties observed the terms of the ceasefire.
“To move from a ceasefire to lasting peace, we believe that you, President Obama, must be more directly involved,” the group said.
CALLS FOR ACTION
Meanwhile, in a separate statement on Tuesday, South Sudanese religious leaders called on the international community to press the country's warring parties to continue to resolve their differences through peaceful dialogue.
“The most important thing right now is to end hostilities so that the civil population could return to their homes. Our people now need peace and stability [more] than any other thing in the country, because they are always the victims of the political differences,” the statement said in part.
“It is time for action. The time for talking and preaching theories about this conflict is over. It is time to save lives and restore shattered hopes and mistrust created by this conflict between our people,” it adds.
The leaders also thanked the international community, particularly, the European Union the governments of Norway the US and the United Kingdom, for providing support and bringing attention to the conflict and the plight of South Sudanese.
In earlier comments on Monday the archbishop of Juba diocese, Paulino Lokudu Loro, appealed for tolerance and respect.
“May we respect and love one another as brothers and sisters,” Loro said on an occasion marking 50 years of pastoral service for retired Roman Catholic bishop Paride Taban.
“May no-one abuse any position of authority to advance personal interest? It is time for our leaders to work together to bring peace and harmony in our country. It is time to cultivate seeds of love and trust,” he added.
(ST)
Holyrood magazine is a sister publication of PoliticsHome. So you really should know that before I heap praise on the fascinating interview with Mhairi Black in this week's issue.
If you haven't been paying attention, you may have missed her revelation that despite becoming an SNP MP in 2015, she has never had a proper conversation with Nicola Sturgeon.
You may also be unaware that shortly after entering the Commons, Alex Salmond told her he would ask Tasmina Ahmed-Sheikh - who was also an SNP MP at the time - to take her out clothes shopping to help her "find her own style".
But another part of the piece was equally revealing, or at least it was to me.
The left-wing Paisley and Renfrewshire South MP - who famously once claimed Labour had left her, rather than the other way around - told Holyrood editor Mandy Rhodes: "I get the SNP has that wee string of neoliberalism through it and that kind of Edinburgh pandering to banks and to businesses, and stuff like that, and I get that I'm totally the opposite.
"I think it's almost like I'm a micro example of what the SNP is as a party in that you've got Karl Marx in one corner and then you've got somebody who's basically got a conservative point of view in the other and the two of us argue it out and by the time that's done, we reach something that's pretty digestible for most people and that is the SNP."
A party with hard-left elements which tacks to the centre in order to make itself more electable. Doesn't that sound a bit, well, New Labour? That's the New Labour regularly denounced by the SNP for having sold out on its principles in pursuit of power, betraying the people of Scotland along the way.
Of course, all parties are broad churches. And nationalist parties by definition need to accommodate members from all parts of the political spectrum in order to pursue their shared goal of self-determination.
But Black may well have inadvertently revealed that the SNP is far more like New Labour than they would ever publicly admit.
In Edgar Rice Burrough's Barsoom series set around Mars, the planet's native inhabitants had a life span of a 1,000 years. Down here, in more terrestrial shores, the restaurants of Hauz Khas Village scarcely have a life span of a 1,000 days and so we traipsed up three weary staircases to Barsoom, the newest entrant to the village with some reservation, not least because we hadn't made any.
The interiors are in the primary shade of red, but of course, edged with deep black and dusty brown. Barsoom is split into two levels, the barroom (how could one resist) on the lower level, with a lounge on the upper, accessed through a short flight of stairs. Walls are covered with murals ranging from a view into one of Burrough's scenic landscapes to the never-ending door, so beloved of psychologists and horror flicks. The furniture, upholstered in geometric prints, is comfortable and thankfully fails to elicit memories of maths lessons past. The music is superlative and the service warm and friendly.
Still under construction, the Martian menu is alliteratively Mediterranean with some Levantine dishes thrown in to leaven the mix. So you have soups, salads, tapas and grills with brettone pancakes a la Flipside Cafe. The bar menu is limited to the mockery, er mocktails, of non-fermented drinks, given the tough licencing laws prior to polling day.
We decide to try out the Crumb Fried Mushrooms and Lamb Chops in a Pine Nut Crust, along with a Watermelonade. The mushrooms sprout first, fried to a copper tone, crispy on the outside, squishy on the inside. Their mild flavour is more than compensated for by the accompanying tangy yoghurt dip. The lamb fares even better, coming juicy, with a light dusting of pine nuts, which manages to not overpower the meat. The companion brown jus is velveteen and sinfully redolent with the flavour of spices. The watermelonade tastes exactly like it sounds, a clear red liquid with a light flavour, which will taste all the better when (finally) fortified. So what if we missed the application date for the Mars One programme? We can have a Martian holiday right here in Delhi.
ALSO READ Screen Awards 2014: The stage is set
Please read our terms of use before posting comments
James Brightman Editor, North America Monday 1st August 2016 Share this article Share
Companies in this article Ubisoft
While 2016 has seen heaps of praise thrown at virtual reality technology, the market itself has yet to be proven. The headsets and PC hardware needed to run high-end VR games are prohibitively expensive, and the installed bases will remain somewhat small because of that. Enthusiasm from developers isn't matched by investors or publishers, but that hasn't scared away Ubisoft from jumping onto the VR train early on.
While Bethesda is pursuing Fallout 4 in VR and Electronic Arts has a Star Wars Battlefront VR experience, the fact is that Ubisoft is the only major third-party publisher that will be releasing several brand-new VR games during 2016. But how can the company justify the investment?
Ubisoft has always supported new technology from the get go (Wii, Kinect, Wii U) and the publisher's head of EMEA, Alain Corre, simply believes the creative possibilities that the new VR technology affords would be too important to pass up.
"For us, when we see VR and the capacity and possibilities of this technology it gives our creative teams new possibilities of expressing themselves and innovating and bringing something fresh, because the immersion you have when you play a VR game is second to none. When you play a good VR game you will never forget it. It will remain in your mind forever. And that's something we were feeling from the beginning when we were presented with the technology. At Ubisoft there are a lot of teams that always want to take a crack at new technology and put their know-how creation into it. That's why we have four games coming this year for VR and we have many more prototypes on the way," Corre tells me at E3.
"...we can imagine that these games will last 2-3 years and will become interesting back catalogue titles for future adopters of VR technology"
"We feel there will be a spark and it will really explode - it's still very early days but we want to put some seeds in the soil and we don't necessarily know which ones will explode and create a new franchise for us. It's an opportunity for us to create new brands," he adds.
Before the year is up Ubisoft will have shipped Eagle Flight, Trackmania Turbo, Werewolves Within and Star Trek: Bridge Crew for the three major VR platforms (Oculus Rift, HTC Vive and PS VR) and the company is betting on the fact that its titles will benefit from early word of mouth among VR enthusiasts. Corre fully admits that it's unlikely Ubisoft will earn back its investments on VR projects in the near future, but he sees a bright future ahead where a game like Star Trek could enjoy healthy catalogue sales for a few years.
"Even with Eagle Flight or with Star Trek VR we think that ultimately during the life of the game that they will be profitable. Because we're very early on... with good quality products they will sell to a certain level based on the installed base within the first year, so there's a limitation but if the games are good they will remain [in the charts]. The first games that come out for a new technology are associated with this technology and it remains in the mind of the people moving forward so we can imagine that these games will last 2-3 years and will become interesting back catalogue titles for future adopters of VR technology," he notes.
I ask Corre how much Ubisoft's VR games cost to build, and while the publisher isn't disclosing budgets, it's clear that a title like Star Trek VR costs far less to build than a AAA blockbuster like Assassin's Creed. That certainly makes it easier to take a risk.
"It's less risky but it's also, at the moment, less rewarding if the game is super successful because there's a limitation in the installed base. But all in all we feel it's important for us to learn and to try to understand what we can do in terms of creation. What are the limits of [VR] and what will the fans enjoy and want and prefer? So we have to invest, not massive amounts of money yet, but on certain franchises and to build new franchises and new gameplay so that we're ready when this market will explode and we believe it will explode at some point," Corre continues.
"We want to keep on growing the community to make sure we keep the energy behind eSports because we believe eSports is super important for Rainbow Six and for the fans to compete together. We're going to invest and expand..."
Another new technology that Ubisoft is excited to support is the Nintendo NX. Of course, Nintendo has yet to say anything at all about its new hardware while the rumor mill continues to present plenty of plausible possibilities, but Corre assures me that Ubisoft is gearing up for a slate of titles beyond Just Dance.
"We announced that we're developing Just Dance for NX and we have other surprises that we will announce later, but we also believe Nintendo has the power to reinvent the way families are playing," Corre tells me. "Nintendo is a fantastic powerhouse of brands that are really cherished by a lot of fans and families... I am still impressed by the reoccurrence of success and appetite even today for the Nintendo franchises on the current system."
NX portfolio aside, Ubisoft is immensely proud of the progress it's made with its own product slate. The publisher continues to create new IP like Watch Dogs, The Division, and Steep while pushing boundaries in its existing franchises.
"I want to emphasize that for Ubisoft one of the unique things is the variety of our portfolio. We were speaking about Steep and Watch Dogs 2 but we also have South Park which is completely unique, coming at the end of the year, and we also are bringing For Honor - the feedback we're getting is very positive, showing that we can excel in different genres," Corre remarks. "For Honor will be a unique game when it comes out. We haven't seen that type of game for many, many years. That's also the beauty of Ubisoft, trying to innovate each time. If I can take the example of Ghost Recon Wildlands, this is the very first time that we will have a military shooter in an open world with co-op and multiplayer... We have to surprise and push the boundaries of creativity so that we can put smiles on the faces of our fans."
For Honor is not only another stab at creating successful new IP, but Ubisoft believes it can become a franchise to allow the company to dive deeper into the eSports market. So far, Ubisoft's biggest eSports presence has been with Rainbow Six, but the team-based nature and co-op gameplay of For Honor lends itself to eSports, Corre believes.
"You need to have the right products to be able to participate in eSports. We have started with Rainbow Six, we have a championship running with Rainbow Six that we signed with ESL. We started with competition on Rainbow Six in January and it's an ongoing set of competition, coming regularly every quarter in America and Europe. We want to keep on growing the community to make sure we keep the energy behind eSports because we believe eSports is super important for Rainbow Six and for the fans to compete together. We're going to invest and expand - it's a long-term franchise moving forward and the fans are very much reacting to any added content we put out. Each time we bring something fresh and new we see the DAU going up like crazy, so it shows us that our fans are there and they want to participate. We expect Rainbow Six momentum and the community to grow in the months and years to come," Corre says.
Because Ubisoft has succeeded in building a stable portfolio of franchises, the publisher finally feels a bit more comfortable breaking up its release schedule. While big games like Assassin's Creed were once guaranteed to ship every single year, that's no longer the case. Indeed, this is the first year in some time that Ubisoft won't be releasing any Assassin's Creed.
"It's important that the fans are happy with what we are producing, and also what we were thinking is that this year we have the movie for Assassin's Creed, so that gives fans the possibility to be in contact with a beloved brand since they can go and see the movie," Corre says. "And the movie is very true to the DNA of the game. It was very important for us to make sure that the DNA of the game was respected in the movie. So we controlled a lot, the script, etc...
"What we want is that our games are perfect when we release them and we are showing that all the time, so we are giving them the time they need to blow away everybody. That's our mission. The beauty of Ubisoft also is to be able to give time to games when we feel they are not completely polished. We are trying to respect the dates of course, but sometimes we have to make the decision to [push a project back], like with The Division for example, which we had to postpone twice because we felt it was not completely polished yet. Quality for us is super important - everyday we work to make sure the worlds we create are as perfect as possible before we release them to the fans because ultimately they decide if the game is good and if they will help with word of mouth."
"We've listened to all the feedback people were sending us after Watch Dogs 1 and we've ticked all the boxes for improving the game"
"This year we have five AAA franchises to come. Watch Dogs 2 is coming and we think that can be a super good game at the end of this year. We've listened to all the feedback people were sending us after Watch Dogs 1 and we've ticked all the boxes for improving the game and making the size of the game twice as big, and the hacking system lets you now hack anybody, all the vehicles and drones and so on. We've also added more multiplayer and co-op. For us, now we can count on all these franchises, which is great because it allows us to let some of our brands breathe," he adds.
While Assassin's Creed "breathes," it's getting the Hollywood treatment, and Ubisoft has already made it clear that it expects Watch Dogs to become a major movie IP as well. Can we expect Ubisoft to leverage even more of its brands in Hollywood?
"Well it needs to make sense," Corre says. "We are a video game company and we have the chance to have many fans of our franchises and that's our core business - we really want to protect the DNA of our brands. With Assassin's Creed we've waited many, many years before being able to green light this movie because we were not happy with the way this franchise would have been treated. Because we've been able to have our influence into the script, the story, the actors, so we became comfortable that an Assassin's Creed fan going to see the movie would feel at home and it's a new experience for the fan but it's in line with the values of the brand.
"With Watch Dogs it's exactly the same way - we want the movie to respect the values of the video game brand; it takes more time because you have to rewrite the script and so on but it's necessary for us to protect our IPs. It all starts with the video game - if we can find some opportunities in other entertainment worlds to create something new and to permit a certain number of new persons to enjoy our worlds and to one day also buy a video game that would be good. It's on a case by case basis, though."
It has been long rumoured, but yesterday was the first on the record confirmation from the Canadian Soccer Association that they are working on creating a national league. The CSA has been working on this "project" for two years according to CSA President Montagliani in an interview with Anthony Totera for his show "Red Card Radio".
A new Canadian league was originally reported by Duane Rollins of Canadian Soccer News. Since, very little news has been released on the topic as the league slowly moves towards fruition.
"First of all we have every right to establish a pro league," said Montagliani to Totera on Red Card Radio. "National federations don't run pro leagues, but we're in a unique situation in which we don't have one."
He mentioned that they're exploring every avenue to make sure that the league is sustainable. This is in line with what Waking the Red learned this summer, that the reason there hasn't been more reported about the Canadian league is that it is moving slowly and trying to get everything right before announcing and launching the league.
The league is looking to ensure that it gets the right ownership groups in place before proceeding, as several Canadian leagues before have tried and failed to accomplish. Montagliani mentions that a number of groups have already shown interest.
As such a Canadian league, or even an official announcement of a Canadian league, which Montagliani still refers to as a project, is a couple of years in the future. The idea, however, would be that it is finalized before Canada bids for the 2026 World Cup.
Montagliani also told Totera that the ideal number of teams for this league would be eight, but want to make sure that they have quality ownership groups and people in place to keep those franchises in good shape.
The CSA has piqued the interest of several groups, including those in Hamilton who are currently focusing domestic options after being close to joining another league. Ottawa, currently playing in the NASL Soccer Bowl, are also likely considering a switch to a Canadian league should it come to fruition.
In the same vein, however, Canadian Soccer News is reporting that the major hold up for this league currently is a lack of investment in Toronto and Vancouver, who crucial markets for a Canadian league.
Toronto and Vancouver are two of the biggest soccer markets in Canada, probably in the top three with Montreal. They provide the biggest capital potential both when it comes to a Canadian television deal with the league and having teams in profitable markets.
While it is positive to hear that a Canadian league is developing, it is even more important that the CSA are taking their time to make sure that things are done right. The past would suggest that this league has little chance of success, so giving it as much chance to flourish as possible is important.
A climbing instructor who introduces town-dwelling young people to the outdoors has vowed to continue his work after his gear was destroyed in an arson attack.
Sam Farmer said the incident last month was the latest in a series of racist attacks he has had to endure since moving to Cornwall 12 years ago.
The 47-year-old, who was born in Liverpool, runs the Hope Project at St Agnes, a surfers' paradise on the north Cornwall coast. But for the keen outdoorsman, the last few years have been more like hell, with racist abuse from some of the residents and neighbours.
The St Agnes website boasts of a traditional friendly Cornish atmosphere and a thriving community. But since setting up his project, Mr Farmer has felt anything but welcome.
After taking a Mountain Leader Training course in Llanberis when he was 19, he worked up to climbing at E4 grade, and started teaching climbing, canoeing, surfing, campcraft and navigation to youngsters who had never had access to the outdoors before.
He said the project was started for youngsters in Cornwall. “I realised kids in Cornwall, even 10 miles from the coast, don't go canoeing; they don't go surfing. That's a shame.
“We have the most beautiful land that can be found, in Cornwall.
“My partner Carla had an art studio and we said, why not give the studio up for these kids to camp here, to store their surfboards.”
The keen climber and boulderer suggested to her partner they extend their service.
“Then she said: why don't you contact your old youth centres you used to work with in Liverpool and allow them to use it too.”
Groups from Liverpool and London augmented the visitors from Cornish towns such as Camborne, Redruth and Truro.
Seven unemployed people also helped on the scheme.
“We were doing it for free, just for the joy of it. Every group we brought down would become our friends and we just ended up hanging with them,” he said. “We were finally all ready to get proper payment for it then the neighbours got wind of it.”
Mr Farmer says his only income is £40 a week Working Tax Credit.
Although the locals welcome tourists, he said if they realise you're moving in they are less friendly.
“When I rent a house here, I have to get a white friend to go and look at the house and give them three months' rent up front,” he added.
Then on 8 January this year, the stables that doubled up as his partner's art studio and the store for all his outdoor equipment went up in flames. The building and possessions, together worth £70,000, were destroyed in what police said were suspicious circumstances.
Climbing equipment, tents, surfing gear and all of his partner Carla Watkins's artwork – 15 years' worth – along with Mr Farmer's piano, guitars and his writings were destroyed.
Mr Farmer is convinced the arson was racially motivated.
He says he will not be driven out. “How can I take a gang of kids from the inner city and say to them: ‘here's what we do; don't get worried' and then get worried because someone throws a stone and burns a building?
“What kind of example are we if we instantly get worried and run away? We're supposed to be pioneers here.
“Cornwall is part of England, whether it likes it or not.”
Mr Farmer said he was warned before the fire. “They told us over three years: ‘You're a nigger, you're a nigger; we're going to burn you down'. Again and again they told us this. They told us three weeks before they did it, we're going to do it.
“They use racism because they want us to move on; they want our land.
“But my issue here is not racism, it's how people are treated as outsiders in beautiful locations.
“It's impossible to get to a rock and climb up it with a gang of kids, who are extra lively, extra colourful, extra noisy as kids are, and you're trying to go up a rock with them or get to a crag with them and the people who are there already are giving them funny looks.”
The police investigated the fire at the couple's stables.
A spokesperson for Devon and Cornwall Constabulary said: “Police were called after reports of a barn fire in St Agnes in the early hours of 8 January.
“The fire was put out and no-one suffered any injuries.
“Following the fire, which was treated as suspicious, an allegation that the incident was a racially aggravated arson was made.
“Police have conducted a thorough and lengthy investigation and spoken to a number of people as part of the enquiry. Police will continue to follow up any new leads and information.”
Mr Farmer says, however, that he has contacted police 35 times, including one incident where he reported that one of his neighbours had shot him with a stun gun, fired pepper in his face and said: “Nigger, we're going to burn you down.”
But he says the police are not recording the incidents properly as racial offences. “If they shout ‘nigger' out of the window as they try to run me over, I consider that as racist.”
“I say it's complete poppycock.
“The police are full of empty words.”
Mr Farmer says he is surprised that he has been turned into what people are calling a climbing activist.
“I have now turned into a fellow that fights for the right of kids to go climbing. But I thought I was a fellow who took kids climbing.
“I'm sick of fighting for the right for kids to go climbing. I just want to take them climbing,” he said.
“I would like us to be able to walk down the street, with a group of kids and we would like people to smile, and nod their heads; and we would nod our heads.”
He said the council and the police should work to make the outdoors inclusive, not exclusive as he sees the area around St Agnes.
Mr Farmer has had a great deal of support from fellow climbers across the country, through the UKClimbing forums.
He has had offers of money and gear from people he has never met.
“But I've spent all week saying to people: please don't send me cash.”
He also said people had rung him to say they had collected gear for him at climbing walls, but he is worried that people would question his motives.
Nevertheless, people have turned up with vanloads of gear, including a man who had driven down from Sheffield after collecting from equipment from climbers.
But despite the attacks on Mr Farmer, his partner and his daughter, he has one message for the people who want to drive him out of town: “We are not going. I'm staying here, even if I stay here on my knees. It might take us longer to do what we've got to do, but at the end of the day, Cornwall is not Russia.”
Is IT A Loooooong Movie? Hopefully!
Here is a photo that Barbara Muschietti shared on Instagram. It shows the editing room with a scene from the IT movie that we recognize from the second trailer. What's interesting with this photo is up in the left corner. There you can see the numbers 2:17:16:13. If this is what I think it is, it's the running time for the movie and would mean that this scene (which is probably not at the end of the movie) happen about 2 hours and 17 minutes into the movie and that tells me the movie will be very looooooong. Or the numbers could mean something totally different but lets hope its the running time.
You can also see that this is from May 1st so there might have been other cuts done that would affect the running time if that is what those numbers are
Thanks to Giorgia Camilla Stella
[Photo by David Saddler (originally posted to Flickr as Promontory Rider) via Wikimedia Commons]
In February and March 1978lyricistand his bandtoured as the opening act for the Jerry Garcia Band. Composed of guitarist Kevin Morgenstern, violin/mandolin/banjo player Rodney Albin, drummer Pat Lorenzano, bassist Larry Klien, keyboardist Ozzie Ahlers and vocalists Marleen Molle and Kathleen Klein, the group would continue to tour through May 1978 before calling it quits.Watch a pro-shot black and white video ofopening set before theperformance at the Capitol Theatre in Passaic, New Jersey, filmed nearly 37 years ago to the day on March 17, 1978.0:00:00 -“Rose Of Sharon”0:05:41 -“Rum Runners”0:08:52 -“Tiger Rose”0:12:16 -“Battle Of New Orleans”0:16:39 -“It Must Have Been The Roses”Earlier this week Rolling Stone published a lengthy, two-part interview with Hunter, check out 10 things we learned from Bob's chat with David Browne
Get the biggest daily news stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
The average man will, apparently, spend seven years of his lifetime in the bathroom.
Who is this average man? And why is he timing his bathroom visits?
I'm certainly not average. I don't spend two hours in the smallest room every day like this average man must rack up his whopping total.
I'm more of a 30-minute man, meaning I'll end up in the bathroom for a meagre 21 months, which is admittedly still quite a while to spend in a room without a telly.
So how will I spend the rest of my 79 years? (79 being the average lifespan of a man in south-east England. It's 83 years for women. In the north west it's 77 for men and 81 for women, in Scotland it's 75 and 80 respectively).
If I'm not busy in the bathroom, where will I be for those spare five and a half years while average man scrubs himself silly?
Well, in the name of quality research, I decided to time myself doing all the things I fill my life with and can now present some authentic data.
Let's deal with sleep right away. I'm good at sleeping, it's one of the things I'm best at.
In fact, I'm planning on spending at least a third of my lifetime asleep.
That's more than 26 years lying under a blanket with my eyes shut. If it wasn't so cosy, I might think I'm wasting my time on this earth.
But according to some proper scientific research, about 20% of my sleep is REM sleep, and it's during this time we dream.
So I'm going to spend more than five years of my life dreaming.
Bearing in mind that I have some adventurous dreams, that, I think, is an excellent use of a life.
For five years I'll be flying, leaping, and, more often than not, heroically defending a castle from marauding Vikings.
When I wake up I'm hungry, understandably. I make myself breakfast.
That takes a year of my life before I gobble it down in just four months. It's the same story for the rest of my meals.
It takes me three times as long to make food as it does to eat it.
Plus there's the three years I spend washing up. No wonder people are turning to takeaways.
It's going to take me another two years to get dressed. I think shoelaces should be banned to improve our lives.
Come on people, we've got Velcro now.
I have to spend at least 45 minutes a day talking on the phone – that's about two and a half years conversing with people I can't see, and at least four hours a day staring at my computer, writing, researching and, predominantly, finding different ways to avoid writing or researching.
I reckon I'm going to spend well over six years of my life on YouTube watching Charlie biting his brother's finger and Fenton's owner chasing Fenton chasing deer.
So now I'm up to about 50 years, with a mere 29 still to fill.
Being a fairly lazy comedian, I spend about six hours a week in the car, so that's another three years of my life taken care of.
Then, if I do three shows a week, I'll be spending a whole year on stage, trying to make people laugh.
Even if I get a couple of decent laughs every minute, they'll still only be laughing for a few weeks of that year.
Eleven and a half months grinding away for a fortnight of laughter. Is it worth the effort?
The rest, as far as I can work out, is leisure time. I watch TV for an hour a day, or three and a half years a life, and I occasionally play sport, but only for a total of six months at most.
I've worked out I'll spend another pleasant three years reading and in cinemas, restaurants, and cafes.
Less pleasant is queueing. Our average man will be held in a queue for at least four years of his life. Not just one long queue, thankfully; he'll be stuck in traffic, and on hold on the phone, as well as on foot.
As an aside, he's also going to spend six months opening jars.
The man's an idiot. If he combines the two, unscrewing while queueing, he'll save some serious time.
I'm barely going to spend a year moving around on my own two feet. Is that a waste of my body?
Sure, lying down can be more fun, but it's worth pointing out I'll also be having sex for less than a month and kissing for scarcely a fortnight. The rest of the time I'm either sedate or prostrate.
All in all, this means I've got about seven years unaccounted for.
The average man might spend seven years in the bathroom, but I'm going to be spending seven years looking out of the window, doing virtually nothing.
Which, to be honest, sounds pretty good.
In fact, I should get back to it. I need to put the hours in.
* Alex Horne is performing Seven Years in a Bathroom nationwide, beginning at the Soho Theatre on March 12. See www.alexhorne.com
THE HAGUE — A United Nations tribunal on Thursday acquitted a Serbian nationalist, Vojislav Seselj, of war crimes and of crimes against humanity for his role in the Balkan wars of the 1990s, igniting a celebration by his followers and outrage among relatives of the victims.
“It was the only possible verdict,” Mr. Seselj said in a defiant news conference in Belgrade, where he had gone for cancer treatment in 2014 and stayed on. “When I went to The Hague, I knew they could not prove any crime. There, I broke all the false accusations.”
To those representing the victims, the acquittal was as gut-wrenching as it was surprising. “This verdict is offensive and shocking, and the process of reconciliation among people and neighboring countries will be devastated,” said the Croatian foreign minister, Miro Kovac, in a statement. “All those in the world who incite war, calling for ethnic cleansing and a policy of forced changes to internationally recognized borders were given a moral blank check with this verdict.”
The acquittal by a three-judge panel came one week after the same court, the International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia, convicted the former Bosnian Serb leader Radovan Karadzic of genocide and 10 other counts of grave crimes.
Ever stood in a Tim Hortons lineup, desperate for coffee and haunted by the slight suspicion the large and extra-large cups might, in fact, be roughly the same size?
Sure, the extra large cup is taller, but it also appears to be narrower than the large, leading many Canadians to test for themselves the volume of both cups.
Strangely, videos appear online supporting both the prosecution:
and the defence:
So we decided it was up to the Canada's national broadcaster to put the nation's most popular coffee chain to the test.
A bit of background here: Tim Hortons super-sized its coffee cups in 2012. The 20-ounce cup previously known as "extra-large" was demoted to "large" and the chain introduced a 24-ounce extra-large cup in its place.
Tim Hortons introduces new cup sizes. Note L and XL
It's important to note the line a fraction of a centimetre beneath the rim of each cup. This is the level to which staff pour coffee, and proved to be crucial in myth-busting the Tim's truthers, who fill their cups to overflowing before comparing sizes.
We poured a large coffee into an extra-size cup within minutes of buying it at Tim Hortons, ensuring no tampering with the product.
The result? A gap which turned out to be exactly four ounces deep.
In other words, the difference between a 20 and 24 ounce cups is exactly spot on.
Myth busted!
Image of the St. Louis skyline courtesy of Flickr user Dave Herholz under a Creative Commons license.
Since last summer, the St. Louis area has been a national poster child for the problem of fragmented government. In the 1870s, the city of St. Louis broke off from the surrounding county with the same name, in what's widely recognized now as an ill-fated decision. In the years since then, little municipalities within the county proliferated, too, with increasingly tiny communities trying to carve out control — or, rather, avoid sharing it — over their services, taxes, schools and housing.
By last summer, St. Louis County — an area not much larger than Nashville — contained 91 separate municipalities, most with their own police departments to fund and their own little elected governments that struggled to reflect rapid demographic change. Strapped for cash, many of these places resorted to the now-infamous tactic of relying on speed traps, traffic tickets and petty fines to fill city coffers.
This seemingly obscure history of municipal boundary-drawing led directly to the tension that exists today in places like Ferguson, where local residents feel antagonized by their officials and law enforcement, and where neighboring communities have tried to wall themselves off from shouldering regional problems.
The case of St. Louis quickly comes to mind as a good illustration of the phenomenon, examined in a big new report from the Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development, of what happens when otherwise intertwined metropolitan areas slice themselves up into tiny pieces. Fragmented government, in short, makes entire metros horribly inefficient. It hamstrings their ability to solve collective challenges. And it costs them economically, too.
When we compare the growth, productivity and even social mobility of different U.S. metros, this is one of the factors that separates thriving regions from stumbling ones: the fragmentation of government.
The OECD, in a report on the "Metropolitan Century" we've just entered, found across all of its member countries that when you double the number of municipalities per 100,000 residents within a single metropolitan area, regional labor productivity falls by 5 to 6 percent. In short: the more little governments you have, the less productive the entire local economy is.
OECD
How, exactly, does this play out? For one thing, it's not particularly efficient to deploy your police force to collect traffic tickets to fund a police force that collects traffic tickets, nor is it efficient for poor residents to spend what income they have on municipal fines rather than groceries or home improvements. It's not efficient for neighboring municipalities to each buy their own fire trucks when they might share one instead. It's definitely not efficient to devote civic attention to managing unrest rather than investing in schools or economic development.
The larger problem is that local economies — and, relatedly, commuting patterns — don't stop at municipal borders. And when we carve up services and public resources that way, we effectively undermine those economies.
"This is not just a theoretical possibility," the OECD writes, "there are numerous cities where certain transport modes — for no apparent economic reason — end at administrative borders."
The result, for example, when Atlanta's mass transit system doesn't extend far enough into the suburbs where workers live, is that those workers now waste a lot of time commuting instead of working.
This isn't an argument for cities to annex everything in arm's reach. It's an argument for regional cooperation — and that's a lot easier to get when you're not asking for agreement from 91 parties. The OECD also found that regions that have coordinating bodies, like metropolitan planning organizations, or the regional council of governments around D.C., seem to be doing better at some of the things we'd expect cooperating governments to achieve. Metropolitan areas with these governing bodies, the OECD found, have less sprawl and greater population growth. Metro areas without them, meanwhile, have on average higher levels of pollution.
I was sent a Candy Club for review. All opinions are my own.
I was recently sent a Candy Club subscription box for review and the timing is perfect because a Candy Club subscription would make a great valentine's day gift! Candy Club sends 2 to 3 pounds of candy to you each month. When you first sign up you answer a few questions about your candy preferences. When you sign up you get to share your candy likes and dislikes such as how sour, sweet, spicy or fruity you like your candy. Your survey results will recommend one of their three subscription box options for you. They have a Sours & More club (for sour lovers), a Classics club which includes sweet or classic candies like jelly beans and sweet fruit chews or the Favorites club which combines the top picks from the sours club and the classics club for people who like it all.
I am all about sour candy so the survey recommended the sours & more club for me and that is what I was sent. Instead of shipping on a specific date each month, your Candy Club will mail out within 2-3 days of you placing your order and shipping takes 3-5 business days. If you want to get your order by Valentine's day you need to order no later than February 7th.
The Candy Club package comes in a cute box that is brightly colored and fun. The whole box sticks with the same bright blue/teal and pink color scheme including the box, tissue paper and informational cards that come on top of the box. My box had three circular containers of candy.
The first one was Dorval Wild Cherry Sour Power Belts. I have bought these in green apple and strawberry in the past but had never seen cherry. These were my favorite in the box because they are so sour.
The second container was Allan Tangy Wild Strawberries which are chewy candies that are sweet but are covered in a sour powder on the outside, so they're both sweet and sour. I love strawberry flavored candy so these were great too.
The third container was a really unique candy, Nassau Candy Gummy Sour Octopus. Yes, these are shaped like octopus! They are multi-colored and super cute. They looked like they were covered in sour coating like the other candies, but Ryan & I both thought it was more of a sugar-coating than sour as these were fruity and sweet and not sour tasting at all. They had a really bold fruity flavor which Ryan enjoyed so they were still a winner for us.
In addition to the three containers of candy, the box was ‘decorated' with Sweets Totally Taffy assorted salt water taffy mix. There were green apple ones which I loved and the others all tasted great too. I thought adding in the loose individually packaged candy was a fun way to fill in the gaps for the box.
The whole box was a fun way to try out new candies. I'd love to subscribe regularly to keep discovering new candies. You can sign up for a subscription as a Valentine's day gift for one person or split the box between family members based on what each person likes. Use the code welcome10off to get $10 off your first box!
Follow Candy Club on Facebook, Instagram and Twitter to see what they're up to and give yourself a candy craving!
Hi there! I am Emily Evert, the owner of Emily Reviews. I am 25 and live in a small town in Michigan with my boyfriend Ryan and our two pugs. I have a large family and I adore my nieces and nephews. I am a calorie counter who loves soda. I budget to save money so I can spend it on my dogs. I love reading memoirs, and learning about child development and psychology. I love watching The Game of Thrones, Teen Mom, Sister Wives and Veep. I like listening to Jason Isbell, John Prine, Kris Kristofferson and Blue October. I created Emily Reviews as a creative outlet to share my life and the products that I love with others. Follow Emily on Facebook | Twitter | Pinterest | Instagram http://www.emilyreviews.com/category/emily
Related posts we've written:
Dan Boyle's impressive NHL career is an interesting tale of both where the game has been and gone. He loves the game. He wants it to thrive. He wants fans to enjoy it. And because of that, the defenseman worries for it again today almost just as much as he did when he entered the league, undrafted, in the late 1990s during the heyday of the clutch and grab.
"When I started, you wanted the big defenseman that could hold up and chip the puck out," Boyle, who announced his retirement last Wednesday, told ESPN.com. "There was no room for the smaller guy because it was too physical of a game. Then they take out the red line and everyone is going to fly, everyone is going to wheel.''
Those post-2005 lockout years were fun for a while, as rule changes -- such as no longer using the red line to prevent teams from making two-line passes -- helped open the game.
"But obviously coaches evolve, and the game evolves," said Boyle, a puck-moving magician during his 17 years in the NHL. "And now, in today's game, you've got guys -- top guys included -- all blocking shots, breaking hands, breaking ankles. You've got coaches wanting everyone to flip the puck in, dump the puck in.
"And the play that I hated the most in the post-red line era is when teams set up behind their own net and fire these long bombs to the forward at the opposite blueline, who just puts his blade out and then the puck is in the other zone. And nothing happens. I hated that. If there's a red line there, it forces the D-man to make a play. I am one of those guys who would love to see the red line back.''
It just so happens this is exactly what hockey's greatest defenseman believes too. For a few years now, including in his 2013 autobiography, Bobby Orr has espoused the belief that the red line needs to be reinstated, not just for the reasons Boyle brought up, but also because of safety concerns. Orr points to the fact that the game is faster than ever and feels it's become dangerous because of it due to the the speed through the neutral zone and the kind of hits players are taking at that velocity.
Putting the red line back in, perhaps, would not only force defensemen to make higher-end passing plays again (and maybe create turnovers in the process), but also slow the game down a bit. In fact, Orr feels the red-line should be restored at the youth hockey level so that defensemen develop the ability to make passing plays through the neutral zone.
Dan Boyle scored 164 goals and 605 points over 1,093 NHL games with four teams and won a Stanley Cup with Tampa Bay in 2004. Dave Sandford/Getty Images
There's no question that the game is faster than ever, and the players arguably more skilled then ever. But are they being allowed to use most of that skill?
"Right now, where the game is, is got the puck out of your zone as soon as possible and get it in the other zone as soon as possible. Don't make plays, don't go across ice, just get it in,'' said Boyle. "There are so many skilled players in the league today, but the game at times now is robotic. The neutral zone has been eliminated.''
Somewhere between the start of his career during the dead puck era and today's game, there were years in which Boyle says the sport was more fun to watch for fans.
"There was a very good game somewhere in between the clutch-and-grab when I started and the new era now," said the 40-year-old Ottawa native. "The most exciting five minutes of hockey I've ever seen as the overtime between Sweden and Team North America (at the World Cup last month). Now coaches don't want to play that way because it's breakaway after breakaway. I'm not saying we should go Globetrotter-hockey and go crazy. I'm just saying from talking to teammates and ex-teammates, guys want to make plays.''
Boyle then paused. As always, his passion for the game comes through. He's grateful for everything it has given him. He feels so privileged to have played in the NHL. But he's coming at this from the angle of a guy who just wants the game to be as entertaining as possible for fans.
"There's just so many good, young hockey players out there now," Boyle said. "I just wish more of them could be allowed to make plays.''
Don't get him wrong: Boyle strongly believes in situational play, that it's important to understand who's on the ice and who you're playing against. There are times, such as when you're protecting a lead late in a period or a game, when it's the right call to chip it in off the glass and get it deep in a safe area. He just feels the entire 60 minutes shouldn't be played that way.
And again, he stressed that he's coming at this from a fan's perspective -- which, for all intents and purposes, he is now that he's retired.
Editor's Picks 2016-17 season preview: New York Rangers The retooled Rangers don't carry the Cup expectations they've had in recent years, but -- as usual -- how far they'll advance next spring all comes down to "The King," goalie Henrik Lundqvist.
Defenseman Boyle retires after 17-year career Defenseman Dan Boyle has retired from the NHL after a 17-year career, during which he played for four teams. 1 Related
It seems to me that the NHL could use his experience and his mind for the game. But for now, Boyle is going to lay low as he builds a home in the San Jose area and enjoys life with his wife and two daughters.
"I don't see myself doing anything (in hockey) for a while. How long is a while? I don't know. I'm not going to jump right back into it," said Boyle. "I don't have any plans. I love the game, I think I'll be associated with it somehow down the road, I don't know where and how.''
A Stanley Cup champion and Olympic gold medalist, Boyle reflects on something that makes him smile.
"Kris Letang, when he was younger, and Drew Doughty, they each came up to me and said I was the guy that they emulated,'' said Boyle. "Just like I would have told Brian Leetch, had I met him when I was young. But that means the world to me, that I would have left that impression on two of the best defensemen in the game today.''
Now, if only they could be allowed to make more plays, right?
World-number-three Jordan Spieth described his five-under-par opening round of 65 at The Open Championship as a “top five major round” of his.
On the back of a win at the Travelers Championship a month ago, Spieth headed to Royal Birkdale full of confidence and transferred that to a bogeyless opening round to take a share of the lead with Matt Kuchar and US Open champion Brooks Koepka.
“Given the forecast coming in, I thought you really needed to be in the red,” the 23-year-old said.
“Everything was strong. I would give it a nine across the board for everything: tee shots, ball-striking, short game and putting. Things are in check; it's just about keeping it consistent.
Embed from Getty Images “I would call it a top five major round that I've played,” he finished.
Spieth will attempt to solidify his position atop the leaderboard as he tees off his second round on Friday at 14:48 GMT.
Advertisements
"This is a bawdy tale. Herein you will find gratuitous shagging, murder, spanking, maiming, treason, and heretofore unexplored heights of vulgarity and profanity, as well as nontraditional grammar, split infinitives, and the odd wank . . . If that's the sort of thing you think you might enjoy, then you have happened upon the perfect story!"
Verily speaks Christopher Moore, much beloved scrivener and peerless literary jester, who hath writteneth much that is of grand wit and belly-busting mirth, including such laurelled bestsellers of the Times of Olde Newe Yorke as Lamb, A Dirty Job, and You Suck (no offense). Now he takes on no less than the legendary Bard himself (with the utmost humility and respect) in a twisted and insanely funny tale of a moronic monarch and his deceitful daughters—a rousing story of plots, subplots, counterplots, betrayals, war, revenge, bared bosoms, unbridled lust . . . and a ghost (there's always a bloody ghost), as seen through the eyes of a man wearing a codpiece and bells on his head.
Fool
A man of infinite jest, Pocket has been Lear's cherished fool for years, from the time the king's grown daughters—selfish, scheming Goneril, sadistic (but erotic-fantasy-grade-hot) Regan, and sweet, loyal Cordelia—were mere girls. So naturally Pocket is at his brainless, elderly liege's side when Lear—at the insidious urging of Edmund, the bastard (in every way imaginable) son of the Earl of Gloucester—demands that his kids swear their undying love and devotion before a collection of assembled guests. Of course Goneril and Regan are only too happy to brownnose Dad. But Cordelia believes that her father's request is kind of . . . well . . . stupid, and her blunt honesty ends up costing her her rightful share of the kingdom and earns her a banishment to boot.
Well, now the bangers and mash have really hit the fan. The whole damn country's about to go to hell in a handbasket because of a stubborn old fart's wounded pride. And the only person who can possibly make things right . . . is Pocket, a small and slight clown with a biting sense of humor. He's already managed to sidestep catastrophe (and the vengeful blades of many an offended nobleman) on numerous occasions, using his razor-sharp mind, rapier wit . . . and the equally well-honed daggers he keeps conveniently hidden behind his back. Now he's going to have to do some very fancy maneuvering—cast some spells, incite a few assassinations, start a war or two (the usual stuff)—to get Cordelia back into Daddy Lear's good graces, to derail the fiendish power plays of Cordelia's twisted sisters, to rescue his gigantic, gigantically dim, and always randy friend and apprentice fool, Drool, from repeated beatings . . . and to shag every lusciously shaggable wench who's amenable to shagging along the way.
Pocket may be a fool . . . but he's definitely not an idiot.
Vatican was warned about paedophile priests in 1963 BelfastTelegraph.co.uk A 1963 letter sent to Pope Paul VI by a senior US priest who outlined the "problem of the problem priest" suggests that the Vatican was aware sexual abuse within the US Catholic Church almost five decades ago. https://www.belfasttelegraph.co.uk/news/world-news/vatican-was-warned-about-paedophile-priests-in-1963-28527669.html
Email
A 1963 letter sent to Pope Paul VI by a senior US priest who outlined the "problem of the problem priest" suggests that the Vatican was aware sexual abuse within the US Catholic Church almost five decades ago.
The missive, unearthed and made public yesterday by lawyers representing victims of alleged sexual abuse in Los Angeles, argued even then that the best solution for dealing with priests found to have violated young men and boys was to defrock them, rather than shuffle them to other dioceses, as was the practice of the Catholic Church for so long.
The Rev Gerald Fitzgerald penned the letter at the behest of Pope Paul VI after meeting him in Rome to discuss cases of abuse in the US. Fitzgerald was a former head of the New Mexico-based Servants of the Holy Paraclete, a religious congregation of men dedicated to ministry to priests with personal difficulties.
"Personally, I am not sanguine of the return of priests to active duty, who have been addicted to abnormal practices, especially sins with the young," Fitzgerald wrote. "Where there is indication of incorrigibility, because of the tremendous scandal given, I would most earnestly recommend total laicisation. I say 'total'... because when these men are taken before civil authority, the non-Catholic world definitely blames the discipline of celibacy for the perversion of these men."
The letter has surfaced just as the Vatican is striking back at what it has called unfair coverage of the burgeoning paedophilia scandal by US media outlets. A lawyer for abuse victims in Kentucky has filed a lawsuit against the Vatican that could seek to force Pope Benedict XVI to testify in court.
Partly in response to the Kentucky filing, the head of the Vatican's legal tribunal, Giuseppe dalla Torre, told an Italian newspaper that Pope Benedict, as a head of state, had legal immunity and could not be called to testify in any court on this or on any other matter.
Another senior official, Cardinal William Levada, an American who leads the Congregation for the Doctrine of the Faith, meanwhile singled out The New York Times for its coverage of the scandal, saying it "lacks fairness" in its reports, including those dealing with allegations that Pope Benedict failed to act to stop the abuse of deaf boys in Wisconsin before he ascended to the papacy.
Cardinal Levada noted that his predecessor was Cardinal Joseph Ratzinger, the future Pope Benedict, who had forced through new laws to punish priests found guilty of abuse. "I ask the Times to reconsider its attack mode about Pope Benedict XVI and give the world a more balanced view of a leader it can and should count on," Cardinal Levada wrote in an article on the Vatican website. "We owe Pope Benedict a great debt of gratitude for introducing the procedures that have helped the Church to take action in the face of the scandal of priestly sexual abuse of minors."
Lawyers for abuse victims in California sought to underscore the significance of the 1963 letter to Pope Paul VI. "The letter proves Vatican officials knew about clergy abuse decades ago and should have done more to protect children," said Anthony DeMarco.
However, officials for the Catholic archdiocese in Los Angeles said it was highly unlikely that Pope Paul VI ever even saw Fitzgerald's letter. "The fact is the prevailing ideas at the time about how to deal with abusive behaviour were not adequate," said a spokesman. "Clearly, society and the Church have evolved new understandings of what causes sexually abusive behaviour and how to deal with it."
Independent
Belfast Telegraph
www.careerairforce.nic.in WANT TO BE A COMBAT PILOT? WANT TO FLY FOR INDIA? This is the Official Indian Air Force 3D Air Combat Mobile Game. Live the life of an Indian Air Force Combat Pilot and Fly for India! ONE OF THE MOST REALISTIC AIR COMBAT MOBILE GAMES! 'Guardians' is the most realistic and graphic rich mobile air combat game, which breaks the cliche by bringing the first Campaign based air combat game play on the mobile platform. It also sets new benchmark in graphic and game play optimization techniques and has the most elaborate collection of flying missions ever seen on a mobile platform. THE GAME! 'Guardians' puts the player in the hot seat as an Indian Air Force Combat Pilot and takes you through one training and ten combat missions. The player learns to fly the SU 30 high performance jet and subsequently flies as a Mi 17 pilot. While the training mission teaches the player the basics of flying training, the two operational missions lay down the foundation for the story in which war clouds are hanging over India and Zaruzia, a country planning to wage war on India. The eight subsequent missions will see a full fledged air war between Zaruzia and India and will feature all operational mission profiles as flown by the IAF and feature the SU 30, M2000, Tejas, Phalcon AWACS, C130, Mi 17, Mi 35 and ALH Dhruv aircraft. ARMAMENT - Phase One (present) - Guns, Rockets Phase Two (eighth October) - Missiles, LGBs etc THE MISSIONS - Training - On SU30 MKI. Follow simple instructions and land the aircraft to earn your wing. Mission One - Anti Piracy - SU 30MKI Mission Two - Search & rescue - Mi 17V5 Mission Three - Combat Rescue and Night Vision Combat - C130J Mission Four - Base Defence - Mirage2000 Mission Five - High Value Asset Protection - Phalcon/SU30MKI/M2000/Tejas Mission Six - Tanking Ops - IL78MD/ M2000 Mission Seven - Counter Air - SU30MKI/M2000/Tejas Mission Eight - Anti Tank - Mi35/ ALH Mission Nine - Precision Strikes - SU30MKI/M2000/Tejas Mission Ten - Defending a major city of India - SU30MKI MULTIPLAYER - Air to Air combat (Upto six Players) CONTROLS! - Motion Sensors and Touch Based. Default Motion Sensor selected. - For best user experience, calibrate your device (from the pause menu), holding it upright or at 45' angle. AWARDS! The player achieves campaign ribbons and gallantry awards as he progresses across various missions. FLYING MODES! Arcade mode is available for the first three missions, while a cockpit simulation mode will be added for the remaining eight missions releasing as part of phase two on 08 Oct 14. FEATURES! - Very Realistic Mission Profiles - Highly detailed aircraft models and other assets - Featuring fighters, transport and helicopter aircraft of the IAF - Easy to learn to train mission for new flyers - Ten Operational Missions featuring various IAF roles - Advanced air combat depictions with modern air to air and air to ground weapons - Uncluttered Head Up Display optimized to display relevant information - Aircraft Skin changes in phase two - Multiplayer in phase two - Optimized for low to medium end smartphones - First mobile game to be officially based on the Indian Air Force GAME RELEASE VERSIONS! Present version - One Training Mission, Two Combat Missions Next Version (08 October 14) - Eight Added Combat Missions THE MISSION! Play the Game. Join the Mission! JAI HIND!
He's blasted through time, taken Joan of Arc to the mall and destroyed the Matrix, but he hasn't driven Ferrari's powerful turbocharged beast – until now. And yes, he chose the red one.
In a video posted to Ferrari's YouTube channel today, we get to see Keanu Reeves himself take a 488 GTB out on the track during a visit to Maranello. He took his first trip around in the passenger seat, then had a chance to switch it up and get behind the wheel for a turn.
“It's a car you instantly feel an incredible synergy with,” he's quoted as saying in an article on Ferrari's News site about the visit. “It's like it's tailored around you, an extension of your body and your mind. There's no doubt about it: Ferrari is the dream…”
He received a full tour of the facilities at Ferrari's headquarters, including trips to the assembly lines, Classiche Department, GES building and more before ending his trip with a test drive of the California.
(See Also: Four Ferrari FXX Ks Tear Up the Imola Circuit at Once)
Check out the photos from his visit below, then take a moment to check out our exclusive listings of Ferraris for sale, and find yourself a California to see what Keanu's day was like.
View Ferraris For Sale
Gallery
(Source: Ferrari, YouTube)
See More Celebrity Car News
When Elijah Daniel was sworn in as the mayor of Hell, Michigan, this week, he immediately started implementing his agenda.
Specifically, he outlawed heterosexuality in the unincorporated community of 72 people.
Daniel, a YouTube comedian best known for writing a gay-themed erotic novel about Donald Trump, had spent a whole two days seeking higher office somewhere so he could carry out his plan.
“I was looking for a town willing to make me mayor,” Daniel told HuffPost. “They'll do it in Hell for $100, so I caught a redeye to Michigan and got sworn in.”
As of today, August 30th, 2017 I am the legal mayor of Hell, Michigan. This is real. I am the mayor of Hell. pic.twitter.com/J7fuaLnFKV — former mayor elijah (@elijahdaniel) August 30, 2017
Once he was in office, Daniel followed President Trump's lead and attempted to ban a huge swath of people from his community.
“My ban is a copy-and-paste of Trump's Muslim ban, but with heterosexuals instead,” Daniel said, taking some rhetorical license.
His mayoral proclamation explains that when he was growing up, he was often told that homosexuals would go to hell. But “now the heterosexuals are trying to take that from us too,” Daniel wrote.
So, as mayor of Hell, he would establish “new vetting measures to keep radical heterosexuals out of our town.”
To make sure his words reached as many people as possible, he posted the ban on Twitter.
Lest he seems bigoted, Daniel offered local heterosexuals a chance to stay in Hell for a price: Fork over $84,000, which they would get back after one year of abstinence from straight sex.
“Reparative therapy” to find one's gay side was also to be strongly encouraged. The alternative: being forced to wear a scarlet H and cargo shorts in the town square every morning for some public straight-shaming.
As acting mayor of Hell, Michigan I hearby ban all heterosexuals from entering our town. pic.twitter.com/uDuGWFATmS — former mayor elijah (@elijahdaniel) August 30, 2017
Daniel meant the decree to be a prank, but was impeached shortly after he released it.
“That's actually not a problem,” he said. “Everyone who becomes mayor there gets impeached. Most of the people who visit are same-sex couples who want to be married in Hell.”
Being impeached was fun @realDonaldTrump, you should try it. — former mayor elijah (@elijahdaniel) August 30, 2017
Daniel's political career may have been short, but he has sweet memories of Hell.
It's a positive sign to see that many states are making changes to the law but how did this ever happen in the first place? Everyone knows about how quickly a health situation can destroy the life savings of Americans so why should credit checks have anything to do with applying for a job? Perhaps there are some specific exceptions but as a general rule, it's nonsense.
Wisconsin state Rep. Kim Hixson drafted a bill in his state shortly after hearing from Terry Becker, an auto mechanic who struggled to find work.
Becker said it all started with medical bills that piled up when his now 10-year-old son began having seizures as a toddler. In the first year alone, Becker ran up $25,000 in medical debt.
Over 4 1/2 months, he was turned down for at least eight positions for which he had authorized the employer to conduct a credit check, Becker said. He said one potential employer told him, “If your credit is bad, then you'll steal from me.”
“I was in a deep depression. I had lost a business, I was behind on my bills and I was unable to get a job,” he said.
LAS VEGAS – Nick Diaz's attorney blasted a five-year suspension handed down by the Nevada State Athletic Commission and said legal action against the regulatory body is forthcoming.
“This isn't fair – this is a kangaroo court,” attorney Lucas K. Middlebrook told MMAjunkie following Diaz's hearing in Las Vegas. “You heard the commission's decision wasn't based on the facts; it wasn't based on the evidence.
“One commissioner said, ‘Your attorneys were very persuasive. But you don't respect us, so here's a five-year ban and a ton of money that we're going to take back.'”
During a hearing today in Las Vegas, the NSAC issued its longest suspension to date of an MMA fighter for Diaz (26-10 MMA, 7-7 UFC), who failed his third post-fight drug test for marijuana stemming from his decision loss to Anderson Silva at UFC 183.
Diaz, 32, also was fined 33 percent of the $500,000 purse he earned and is also responsible for court costs associated with his appeal. He will be eligible to fight again on Feb. 1, 2020.
Middlebrook called Diaz's punishment “arbitrary and capricious” and said the commission should have instead issued a one-year suspension and a small fine for lying on NSAC pre-fight medical paperwork.
“Actually, they should have dismissed the complaint,” said Diaz attorney Nick Granath. “It was abuse of discretion, through and through.”
Middlebrook attempted to poke holes in the commission's drug test findings against Diaz, bringing forth an expert who said it was “medically implausible” for the fighter to pass two tests and fail one.
Diaz was tested three times on the night of UFC 183. He passed his first and last tests, analyzed by a WADA-accredited laboratory, and failed his second test, analyzed by a workplace drug testing lab.
The commission, however, based their decision on Diaz's answer of “no” on a questionnaire that asked whether he'd used any drugs two weeks prior to UFC 183, as well as his two previous failed tests at UFC 143 and PRIDE 33. They justified a five-year ban by arguing his behavior constituted “disrespect” toward the commission.
Middlebrook and Granath said the fighter's next step is to apply for a judicial review from a higher court, similar to the action taken by veteran Wanderlei Silva in the wake of a lifetime ban, which is now before the Nevada Supreme Court.
“We're confident that they'll see the errors of the commission's ways,” Middlebrook said. “You really have a bigger problem here. There are no standard protocols that these athletes are tested for drugs, which every athlete that's subject to the commission should be extremely worried about that, because you're going to get inconsistent results.
“Any drug testing program in this country has standards of protocol. Go online and try to find the commission's protocol's. There are none. And when they do use a WADA-accredited lab, they don't want to rely on that. So it's very scary that there's no review process for these athletes, that there's no consistent protocol, and that they can be fined and lose their livelihood without any due process of law.”
For more on the UFC's upcoming schedule, check out the UFC Rumors section of the site.
ABB Will Link MayGen Tidal Power To UK Grid
August 20th, 2014 by Sandy Dechert
Europe's largest tidal power project and a cornerstone of world marine energy development, MeyGen will supply clean and renewable electricity to the UK National Grid by harvesting the tidal stream resources of one of the most active maritime sites in Europe. The Pentland Firth lies between the Scottish mainland on the south and the Orkney Islands to its north.
The firth connects the Atlantic Ocean to the North Sea. At 5 meters (15 feet) per second, its tidal currents are among the fastest in the British Isles. The project will harvest tidal energy from the Inner Sound of the firth, which passes between the mainland and the small, unpopulated island of Stroma. It is expected to start generating electricity by 2016.
ABB described its new role in a statement yesterday:
ABB is responsible for the onshore power conversion and grid connection systems to feed the electricity safely and reliably into the local distribution grid. ABB's project scope includes design, engineering, supply and commissioning of the power conversion, switchgear and transformer solution as well as associated civil engineering and cabling works. Major product supplies include transformers, medium voltage switchgear and power converters.
In its entirety, the initial phase of the MeyGen project may generate up to 86 MW of electricity, enough tidal power for around 42,000 homes, or almost 40% of the households in the Scottish Highlands. MeyGen hopes to deploy up to 398 MW of offshore tidal power turbines in the Pentland Firth over the next decade.
As Joshua Hill reported last month for CleanTechnica, the UK's Crown Estate is significantly expanding the nation's capacity to harness its excellent wave and tidal energy resources. The Crown Estate has also just agreed on seabed rights for six new demonstration zones and five other project sites.
Clarkson's graduate programs layer into your already busy life.
We get that our students lead highly engaging lives. They're recent college grads looking for that competitive edge. They're parents. They're future doctors and teachers. They're entrepreneurs, innovators and inventors. They're full-time employees at Fortune 500 companies. They're volunteers in their communities.
That's why we've created flexible options that fit into your lifestyle. Online, onsite at one of our four locations in New York State, or hybrid (a mix of online and onsite) options allow you to take courses in the space that works for you. Part-time and full-time opportunities let you complete your program on your time.
And the best part? You're getting a high quality, accredited education that will lead to future success in your field, taught by faculty experts in a small class setting.
Request More Info Apply Now
Calendar of Events
Taking photos is fun, and so is taking videos. But what about that magical area in-between the two - something that is much more than a photo, but still substantially less than a full-on HD video clip with audio? We all, of course, are aware of the existence of GIFs and their imperfections, but they occupy this niche quite nicely, in particular because they're highly portable and easy to view on any device.
Google has released a new app for iOS recognizing this, but it's gone further yet, and made GIFs even more awesome. Remember HTC's Zoe? Remember when Apple basically ripped it off with Live Photos? Yeah, neither does anybody else, but anyway, Live Photos are short video clips you can attach to a still image, and they're actually half-decent for capturing motion in relatively still scenes or simply for sharing bit-sized portions of cool visual experiences.
But smartphones aren't exactly amazing at video, even with optical image stabilization, and video files are still kind of large, have that whole "sound" thing to contend with, and thus lack the true portability of images. Enter Motion Stills, a new experimental app from Google. It takes your Live Photo video clips and turns them into fully-motion-stabilized animated GIFs, and it does a freaking amazing job.
Motion Stills can also turn your live photos into movies, which is nice, but it's this magical stabilized GIFification that I'm really drooling over. I'd kill for this in Google Photos or even as part of the camera app itself as a new mode.
The Google Research Blog makes no mention of any impending Android implementation, but they do say this:
Based on the feedback we receive, we hope to integrate this feature into existing products like Google Photos.
Keep the hope alive that we see this in Google Photos for Android soon.
Campbell Flakemore has dissolved his contract with BMC Racing and quit cycling less than a year after Cadel Evans anointed the 23-year-old as one of Australia's next potential Grand Tour winners.
Flakemore said he had considered quitting the sport even before he signed a neo-professional contract with BMC last year on the back of an under-23 world title.
“I am leaving the team but also finished with cycling just in general for now,” Flakemore told CyclingTips in a phone interview from Hobart, Tasmania today.
“I think it was a good decision and I'm happy that I've finally made it because it wasn't something that just happened overnight; it's something I've been thinking about probably properly for 18 months now.”
The 2014 UCI under-23 time trial world champion cited a lonely existence in Europe and disillusionment of WorldTour racing as reasons behind his choice, which he communicated to BMC sporting manager, Allan Peiper in August.
Flakemore said his two-year contract was simply terminated.
“They [BMC] were a bit disappointed because they gave me this massive opportunity and I've sort of just thrown it back at them,” he said. “But I think if you're not happy doing something then you've sort of wasted your time and I think they understood that.”
Flakemore crashed out of his WorldTour debut at the January Tour Down Under in which he broke his collarbone riding back to the team hotel at the end of stage two.
At that race then team-mate, and 2011 Tour de France champion, Evans pointed to the potential of the rookie pro, and praised his fourth-place finish on senior debut at the preceding Australian national road race.
Flakemore today expressed doubt he could, or wanted, to live-up to the hyperbole of future Grand Tour contender.
“The amount of work and sacrifice required to get to that level and be a Grand Tour winner, people that aren't in cycling have no idea what it takes. I don't really see myself being able to do that and make all those sacrifices to be a top rider,” he said.
“[The WorldTour] it's not the glitz and glamour of what it looks like on the TV, which is what everyone sees. It wasn't for me and I'm happy I'm out for now. “
Flakemore notched 31 race days this year, which included the Tour of Romandie and Tour of California, before calling time on his season and, seemingly, career with the August Vattenfall Cyclassics-Hamburg, around when he spoke to the team.
Flakemore did have experience living and racing abroad as an under-23 but found this year, in Nice, France, different.
“I did have guys around me like Nathan Earle and Caleb [Ewan], who was living quite close, but there were a lot of times when you were by yourself and, yeah, it just wasn't for me. I asked myself, do I envisage doing this for the next 10 years? The answer was no.
“It was good to get out now before maybe it was a bit too late to try something else.”
Flakemore said he consulted his parents and former domestic team manager Andrew Christie-Johnston about leaving.
“I didn't want to have too many people's opinions because at the end of the day it was me who had to make a decision,” he said.
“For the people who really know me, it wasn't a massive surprise.
“But for a lot of people it is a big surprise because they see it as you're living in Europe and living this dream, which it is at times, but sometimes it's the complete opposite.”
Flakemore returned to Tasmania from France two weeks ago where he will contemplate his future.
He said the composition of BMC in 2016, which will include more climbers, notably compatriot and Grand Tour contender Richie Porte, did not influence his decision.
GRANDVILLE, MI — Russia's anti-gay propaganda law is “common sense” according to a Facebook posting by Republican National Committeeman Dave Agema. Agema, known for making inflammatory statements about gay people, reportedly endorsed the Russian law that makes it illegal to discuss LGBT issues in front of children.
a news site that covers LGBT issues, Agema's post was screen-captured on Jan. 7 by Republican Party members with access to the former Grandville state representative's Facebook news feed. According to the Blade, Agema posted a link to an Illinois Family Institute blog post by Laurie Higgins titled “Russia's Anti-Propaganda Law Riles Pro-Homosexuality Crowd.” Above the article, Agema added the words “Read their law. Common sense in Russia!” The law imposes fines for "propaganda" about "nontraditional sexual relations" as a way to protect minors. Higgins of the IFI
that it “hardly sounds unreasonable to fine adults $150 for trying to inculcate other people's children with their subjective beliefs about sexual morality, but nothing angers homosexual activists quite like being denied access to the hearts and minds of other people's minor children.” Russia passed the law in June, prompting international outcry from activists that has
in the run-up to the 2014 Winter Olympics starting Feb. 7 in Sochi. Activists allege the law has led to an increase in harassment, bullying and violence. Agema's apparent endorsement comes on the heels of his support for "Duck Dynasty" star Phil Robertson, whom Agema
against the “LGBT Gestapo” in December after Robertson was suspended for equating gay men to sinners. Also in December, Agema was harshly rebuked after
that gays are seeking same-sex benefits because they are dying young from AIDS. Michigan Gov. Rick Snyder, legislative leaders and other prominent Republicans publicly criticized Agema's anti-gay remarks with words including "
" and "
." But they
of calling for a public apology or other action. In March, Agema
after posting an article on Facebook that painted gay people as "filthy" and promiscuous, riddled with sexually transmitted diseases. Not everyone has repudiated Agema's remarks, however. Former State Rep. Jack Hoogendyke called Agema "
" on Dec. 18.
“The President's repulsive defense of white supremacists demands that Congress act to defend our American values," House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi said in a statement. | Richard Vogel/AP Pelosi endorses censure of Trump over Charlottesville response
House Democratic Leader Nancy Pelosi on Friday endorsed a call to censure President Donald Trump for his response to last weekend's violent white supremacist march in Charlottesville, Virginia.
"The President's repulsive defense of white supremacists demands that Congress act to defend our American values," she said in a statement.
Story Continued Below
Pelosi noted that Democratic Reps. Jerry Nadler of New York, Bonnie Watson Coleman of New Jersey and Pramila Jayapal of Washington have introduced a censure resolution and added, "Every day, the President gives us further evidence of why such a censure is necessary."
At least 79 Democratic colleagues have signed on to the measure, the three lawmakers said Friday.
A censure represents a rarely used, significant rebuke of the president and can be a preliminary step before impeachment. In a GOP-controlled Congress, this push for a censure will not get far.
Even for Republicans who have criticized Trump for his response to Charlottesville, it will be difficult to endorse such a move against a president from their own party.
Furthermore, in addition to taking aim at the president for his words, the censure resolution says Trump "has surrounded himself with, and cultivated the influence of, senior advisors and spokespeople who have long histories of promoting white nationalist, racist and anti-Semitic principles and policies within the country."
The resolution also calls on Trump to "fire any and all White House advisors who have urged him to cater to the white supremacist movement in the United States." It explicitly names top advisers Steve Bannon and Sebastian Gorka as aides who should be let go for "ties to white supremacist movements."
Trump has faced serious criticism over the past week, first for initially suggesting that "many sides" were to blame for the violence that broke out in Charlottesville, where neo-Nazis and white supremacists marched against the removal of a statue of Confederate Gen. Robert E. Lee. A woman, Heather Heyer, was killed when a car driven by a neo-Nazi sympathizer plowed into a crowd of people.
After a more forceful condemnation of bigotry and racism on Monday, Trump reverted to his original argument Tuesday in a defiant news conference at which he attacked the "alt-left" and said many "fine people" were also among the white nationalist protesters.
Trump has since repeatedly criticized efforts to remove Confederate statues, even as a chorus of Republican lawmakers has called on him to more roundly condemn white nationalists.
It was a good day at the office for the 2nd seed Andy Murray as he breezed past Bulgarian Grigor Dimitrov 6-1,6-2,6-2. Murray hardly broke a sweat as he wrapped up the match in just above 2 hours. He served with a purpose clocking in his fastest serve at 140 mph and also cracked vicious ground strokes. “I played extremely well, I served very well when I was behind. Very few unforced errors and made it tough for Grigor,” Murray reflected after the match. Overall, it was a solid performance by Andy Murray.
On the other hand, the 25 year old Bulgarian was satisfied with his overall performance but a tad let down by today's loss. “Well, first, obviously it's a great experience for me to get out there and play a night match on Ashe.
Obviously I'm very disappointed from the result. I feel I've been doing really well the past five, six weeks, practicing-wise, winning a few good and close matches when I had to.” Dimitrov had beaten Inigo Cervantes, Jeremy Chardy and Joao Sousa en route to his clash with Andy Murray.
Reflecting on today's match, Dimitrov rued the amount of unforced errors that came out of his racquet. “I did a lot of unforced errors. First serve was gone. Andy was just putting everything back in the court.”
He also complimented Murray on his solid gameplay “Slowly I think he was just getting his way into the court. He was moving me well, playing the right shots, just executing a lot of balls the right way.”
Andy now faces the stiff challenge of Kei Nishikori of Japan. Murry admits Nishikori will be tough, as he's “one of the best players in the world”. The 6th seed prevailed over the big serving and hard-hitting Ivo Karlovic in straight sets 6-3,6-4,7-6. Expect a cracker when both of them come face to face in the quarter-finals!
Related
Comments
Kyiv, 8 March 2014 – during a press briefing at the Ukrainian Crisis Media Center, Lesya Orobets, MP, said that the Crimea occupation is no longer only the Ukrainian problem, that it concerns the whole world. ‘The outbreak of the situation has unveiled the fact that the global collective security system doesn't work', she stated.
In this regard, Ms. Orobets highlighted the following major threats that Ukraine, as well as the rest of the world, is facing today:
– The threat of nuclear proliferation. ‘The threat of nuclear proliferation has never been higher. In the past, one could rely on certain written guarantees, whereas today, if Ukraine is left alone to deal with this trouble, each country that is not a member of the Nuclear Club will receive a clear message: the only way to protect its security and territorial integrity is nuclear weapons', commented Ms. Orobets.
– Threats to the economic restoration. According to Ms. Orobets, the situation in Crimea has already affected long-term investment projects, and further escalation of the conflict will cause the governments of a number of European countries to consider increasing their military budgets at the cost of cutting social and development projects.
– The threat of humanitarian disaster. ‘Already now, the Crimean residents are asking themselves a question if they should leave the region', explained Ms. Orobets.
– The problem of Crimean Tatars who fear another mass expulsion from Crimea, which is their motherland.
– The problem of ensuring security for the Ukrainian military men based in Crimea. According to Lesya Orobets, it is necessary today to deal with the security of Ukrainian military men in Crimea, since enormous pressure in now being exerted by Russia to make them break the oath of faithfulness to Ukraine.
‘Today the world needs to find a new formula and launch a viable collective security system', summarized Ms. Orobets.
Lesya Orobets is a Member of Ukrainian Parliament, member of the All-Ukrainian Union Batkivschyna, candidate for Mayor of Kyiv.
Watch video [icon icon='Icomoon/icomoon-youtube-2′]
Mr. May did not address questions about what might happen if Mr. Dear refuses treatment or medication. In court outbursts and conversations with mental-health experts, Mr. Dear has made it abundantly clear that he believes he is competent. He has tried to fire his defense lawyers, and accused the judge of trying to silence him.
On Wednesday, as lawyers, reporters and a handful of family members waited in the hushed courtroom for the judge to take the bench, Mr. Dear continued his outbursts. He called out, “Anybody wants to know why I did it? What gives me the right?”
A sheriff's officer standing nearby motioned to Mr. Dear with his hand, and said politely, “Mr. Dear, stop.”
Mr. Dear has described the Planned Parenthood clinic that he struck as the most evil place in the world.
He engaged in an hourslong standoff with the police before surrendering. He later told a detective that he had decided to surrender because he had flipped a card while he was in a back room of the Planned Parenthood building, pinned down by the police. He said he had taken it as a message from God.
The competency evaluation was ordered by Judge Martinez after Mr. Dear tried to fire his public defenders and serve as his own lawyer.
Two state psychologists who examined Mr. Dear concluded that he was not fit to stand trial. One, Jackie Grimmett, said Mr. Dear had multiple delusions that distorted his reality. For instance, for 20 years he thought that “the feds” were after him, and had planted a listening device in his pickup truck.
Mr. Dear has insisted that he is competent and ready to stand trial. A Colorado Springs police detective said at a hearing last month that Mr. Dear had told him during more than seven hours of questioning after the shooting that he feared an insanity ruling would diminish his anti-abortion message.
Quote Man-Kar Quote: Originally Posted by
A little background: I'm in general positive person, as well as I have experience with creative industries and management in the field.
To my understanding the following points are appropriate:
1. Each decision like this includes choosing lesser evil, and surely people try to make it as flawless as possible, also according to the strategic goals, values of the company they are working for etc
2. This decision (free transfer to PvP from RP-PvP server) definitely was not the lesser evil. It could have been predicted, however I think the data (which is accessible to the company) on player behaviour would confirm it already
3. Customers you are aiming for having different values, so in case of mass product you try to approach wider audience and people with different values
4. There are people who have a mindset and values fit for RP-PVP. RP PVP is definitely not closer to the values of PVP.
5. All the transfer process in Lord Calypho situation was not a good solution to retain customers with this particular values. I bet, some of the people who did transfer, feel (or will start to feel) cheated and that they were not provided the right amount of information where are they transfering and what is the cost of it
6. People who decided to remain...I know, it was probably good intention, but in last post community representative stated, that they encourage people who enjoy RP-PVP to remain on server. That sounds absolutly cynical, as there is NO encouragement in ANY form of action, reality is completely viced versa. The game definitely wasn't intended to be played as it is now on empty server. So where is this encouragement? You are kidding me??
7. People who are rolling alts on another RP-PVP (NA) or RP (EU) servers also feel/will feel alienated because of losing their stuff, friends, legacy, history etc on LC
8. Now imagine the feelings of all mentioned players, when they will realise, that to sort things out in any way they will have to pay for transfers. (Note: I'm sure, that there is no technical problem to make free transfers to several servers, it is corporate policy to enable more revenue from paid transfers)
9. RP-PVP crowd is not the biggest one, but one of the more mature, stable and loyal group of clients (I wonder, if company is analysing their numbers, they would see it right away). It doesn't pay for itself, but also contributes towards creating decent environment to attract more clients who try product out
10. Corporate policy with focus only on revenue will take you nowhere. From the facts, I can clearly say, that this game is either managed unprofessionaly, or the main focus is on $$$ and greed (one of the worst corporate values) contribute towards the fail. Of course, you can make quick buck today if you do not care about the product on the long term. But it's not the case anymore in our ever-changing reality.
Please, don't be shortsighted or you will lose. And - the most important - passion matters, not money. Company has to be passionate about how they create or run their product, not only say it in PR. People will feel it in the end... OK. Let's be straight enough.A little background: I'm in general positive person, as well as I have experience with creative industries and management in the field.To my understanding the following points are appropriate:1. Each decision like this includes choosing lesser evil, and surely people try to make it as flawless as possible, also according to the strategic goals, values of the company they are working for etc2. This decision (free transfer to PvP from RP-PvP server) definitely was not the lesser evil. It could have been predicted, however I think the data (which is accessible to the company) on player behaviour would confirm it already3. Customers you are aiming for having different values, so in case of mass product you try to approach wider audience and people with different values4. There are people who have a mindset and values fit for RP-PVP. RP PVP is definitely not closer to the values of PVP.5. All the transfer process in Lord Calypho situation was not a good solution to retain customers with this particular values. I bet, some of the people who did transfer, feel (or will start to feel) cheated and that they were not provided the right amount of information where are they transfering and what is the cost of it6. People who decided to remain...I know, it was probably good intention, but in last post community representative stated, that they encourage people who enjoy RP-PVP to remain on server. That sounds absolutly cynical, as there is NO encouragement in ANY form of action, reality is completely viced versa. The game definitely wasn't intended to be played as it is now on empty server. So where is this encouragement? You are kidding me??7. People who are rolling alts on another RP-PVP (NA) or RP (EU) servers also feel/will feel alienated because of losing their stuff, friends, legacy, history etc on LC8. Now imagine the feelings of all mentioned players, when they will realise, that to sort things out in any way they will have to pay for transfers. (Note: I'm sure, that there is no technical problem to make free transfers to several servers, it is corporate policy to enable more revenue from paid transfers)9. RP-PVP crowd is not the biggest one, but one of the more mature, stable and loyal group of clients (I wonder, if company is analysing their numbers, they would see it right away). It doesn't pay for itself, but also contributes towards creating decent environment to attract more clients who try product out10. Corporate policy with focus only on revenue will take you nowhere. From the facts, I can clearly say, that this game is either managed unprofessionaly, or the main focus is on $$$ and greed (one of the worst corporate values) contribute towards the fail. Of course, you can make quick buck today if you do not care about the product on the long term. But it's not the case anymore in our ever-changing reality.Please, don't be shortsighted or you will lose. And - the most important - passion matters, not money. Company has to be passionate about how they create or run their product, not only say it in PR. People will feel it in the end... Bloody well said that person!
Volvo Cars to supply tens of thousands of autonomous drive compatible cars to Uber
Volvo Cars, the premium carmaker, has signed a framework agreement with Uber, the ride sharing company, to sell tens of thousands of autonomous driving compatible base vehicles between 2019 and 2021.
The base vehicles are developed on Volvo Cars' fully modular, in-house developed Scalable Product Architecture (SPA). SPA is one of the most advanced car architectures in the world and is currently used on Volvo Cars' top-of-the-line 90 series cars as well as on the new XC60 midsize SUV.
The non-exclusive agreement enhances the strategic partnership between Volvo Cars and Uber announced in August 2016 and also marks a new chapter in the convergence of carmakers and Silicon Valley-based technology companies.
“The automotive industry is being disrupted by technology and Volvo Cars chooses to be an active part of that disruption,” said Håkan Samuelsson, president and chief executive. “Our aim is to be the supplier of choice for AD ride-sharing service providers globally. Today's agreement with Uber is a primary example of that strategic direction.”
Volvo Cars' engineers have worked closely together with engineers from Uber to develop the XC90 premium SUVs that are to be supplied to Uber. The base vehicles incorporate all necessary safety, redundancy and core autonomous driving technologies that are required for Uber to add its own self-driving technology.
“We're thrilled to expand our partnership with Volvo,” said Jeff Miller, Head of Auto Alliances, Uber. “This new agreement puts us on a path towards mass produced self-driving vehicles at scale.”
At the same time as providing Uber with AD compatible cars, Volvo will use the same base vehicle in the development of its own independent autonomous car strategy, which is planned to culminate in the release of its first fully autonomous car in 2021.
-------------------------------
Volvo Car Group in 2016
For the 2016 financial year, Volvo Car Group recorded an operating profit of 11,014 MSEK (6,620 MSEK in 2015). Revenue over the period amounted to 180,672 MSEK (164,043 MSEK). For the full year 2016, global sales reached a record 534,332 cars, an increase of 6.2 per cent versus 2015. The record sales and operating profit cleared the way for Volvo Car Group to continue investing in its global transformation plan.
About Volvo Car Group
Volvo has been in operation since 1927. Today, Volvo Cars is one of the most well-known and respected car brands in the world with sales of 534,332 cars in 2016 in about 100 countries. Volvo Cars has been under the ownership of the Zhejiang Geely Holding (Geely Holding) of China since 2010. It formed part of the Swedish Volvo Group until 1999, when the company was bought by Ford Motor Company of the US. In 2010, Volvo Cars was acquired by Geely Holding.
As of December 2016, Volvo Cars had over 31,000 employees worldwide. Volvo Cars head office, product development, marketing and administration functions are mainly located in Gothenburg, Sweden. Volvo Cars head office for China is located in Shanghai. The company's main car production plants are located in Gothenburg (Sweden), Ghent (Belgium), Chengdu and Daqing (China), while engines are manufactured in Skövde (Sweden) and Zhangjiakou (China) and body components in Olofström (Sweden).
Kings Blown Out in Dallas by Eric He
NBA Trade Rumors: 7 Players That Could Be Moved At The Deadline
NBA Trade Rumors: 7 Players That Could Be Moved At The Deadline by Tej Kamaraju
DeMarcus Cousins never holds back on or off the court, and he's back at it again.
After a 23-point blowout loss to the Mavericks on Wednesday night, Cousins was asked what a realistic goal was for the Kings the rest of the season.
“[Expletive], win more than 25 games,” he said.
The Kings currently have 19 wins through 54 games, putting them on pace for 28 wins for a 82-game schedule.
So, although it seems brazen, Cousins' statement definitely has merit and winning more than 25 games will not be easy for the Kings.
The suspect arrested on suspicion of shooting up three Christian churches in Shelbyville, Tennessee appears to be a convert to Islam, a critically important detail that the incurious mainstream media has not been reporting.
Wendell Tobias Buchanan, who turned 36 in August, is being held in the local county jail on $500,000 bond.
Buchanan was taken into custody last Saturday (October 1), Pamela Geller reports,
…shortly after he was seen driving by Horse Mountain Church of Christ on Horse Mountain Road, which was hit on at least three separate occasions by gunfire. Buchanan allegedly fired into two other churches — Philippi Methodist Church and Singleton United Methodist Church — the University of Tennessee Extension office and shot out several Charter Communications cable boxes during overnight hours Tuesday, Wednesday and Thursday.
As part of its ongoing terrorist protection program, Facebook has scrubbed Buchanan's page of all information except his name. Geller managed to take screen shots while the information on the page was available.
A Facebook post from September 8 indicates Buchanan professed belief in the Islamic deity and seems to radiate the zeal of a convert. “Friends and family of Facebook I've been granted knowledge of the unseen world as a mercy from my Lord Allah.”
The social media entry contains several other references to Allah. Buchanan writes that Allah's “will and word are the ultimate truth,” and “I owe absolutely everything to Allah because he has set me free from my spiritual cage and I feel so much better physically and mentally than I have in months.”
He ended the post with, “Read the Qu'ran because it is the true word of God and seek guidance for a better understanding. Shalom.”
In the comments section underneath the post a Facebook friend wrote “I didn't know you believed in Islamic book?” Buchanan replied, “I do because I was compelled to do so.”
According to the Times-Gazette of Shelbyville, Buchanan was charged with desecration of a venerated object, vandalism under $10,000, vandalism under $500, 18 counts of vandalism under $1,000, and four counts of destroying/interference with utility lines.
Additional charges may be laid against Buchanan, Bedford County Sheriff Austin Swing (D) has said.
Buchanan doesn't have much of a criminal record. He entered a conditional plea to a marijuana possession charge in 2000, pled guilty in 2004 to driving with a suspended license, and was convicted of two driving-related misdemeanors, according to publicly available court records.
In 2009 Geller reported on alleged child abuse at the al-Farooq mosque in Nashville, 50-odd miles away from Shelbyville. She also reported the same year that a Tyson Foods meat-packing plant in Shelbyville gave in to pressure from a local union and dropped the paid holiday of Labor Day in favor of the Muslim holiday Eid al-Fitr. Tyson reversed the policy change after a public backlash.
This wasn't the first terrorist attack in Tennessee.
A naturalized Kuwaiti-born Muslim named Muhammad Youssef Abdulazeez killed five U.S. servicemen at military recruiting centers in Chattanooga on July 16, 2015. The following December 16 FBI Director James Comey concluded the shootings were “motivated by foreign terrorist organization propaganda.”
Comey said in February 2015 that the tentacles of Islamic State (a.k.a. ISIS, ISIL, Daesh) in the U.S. extend to all parts of the country. Islamic State is a “chaotic spider web” that utilizes social media to radicalize people across America, he said.
“We have investigations of people in various stages of radicalizing in all 50 states,” said Comey, adding, “This isn't a New York phenomenon or a Washington phenomenon. This is all 50 states and in ways that are very hard to see.”
Islamic State has called on Muslims to murder American military personnel in the U.S. In February last year, Islamic State urged its supporters to assassinate American-born Yasir Qadhi, a professor in the religious studies department at Rhodes College in Memphis. He is also dean of academic affairs at the Al-Maghrib Institute in Houston, Texas.
Tennessee is a frequent destination for Muslim immigrants. The state's education system has been targeted by the terrorist front group, Council on American-Islamic Relations (CAIR).
Throughout the U.S. there are hidden and not-so-hidden enclaves in which anti-American Muslims plot and foment civil unrest and worse. Many mosques and Islamic community centers throughout the nation focus very little on strictly religious matters. Instead, they are hotbeds of jihadism where hatred of the United States, its form of government, religious pluralism, history, and culture are taught and reinforced.
Making matters worse, the Obama administration has been concealing the staggering breadth of terrorist activity in the United States. A recent government report indicated that law enforcement had 7,712 “encounters” with terrorists from July 20, 2015 through July 20, 2016.
There have been at least 93 Muslim terrorist plots in the U.S. since Sept. 11, 2001. The overwhelming majority of those plots took place during Barack Obama's presidency.
Here is where the figure of 93 comes from: the Heritage Foundation hasn't updated its list of all the post-9/11 Muslim terrorist plots in the U.S. since a July 2 terrorist event but as of that date the figure was 89. Of those 89, only 27 took place during George W. Bush's presidency.
Number 90 since Sept. 11, 2001 would be the Sept. 17 bombing in New York's Chelsea neighborhood allegedly carried out by Ahmad Khan Rahami. Number 91 took place the same day at Crossroads Mall, in St. Cloud, Minnesota when Dahir Adan stabbed nine people. Number 92 was the Sept. 23 Cascade Mall shooting spree in Burlington, Washington allegedly carried out by Arcan Cetin. Number 93 was the church shooting rampage.
Meanwhile, Islamic State is now urging supporters to go low-tech when engaging in terrorist attacks. Its new monthly magazine, Rumiyah, encourages entrepreneurial jihadists to get over being “squeamish” and stab their victims with knives. It recommends attackers use a baseball bat to daze victims before stabbing them.
Bridget Johnson reports at the Observer that the magazine “explicitly described what organs the attacker should aim for, how hitting a skull risks a broken knife blade and how pausing to ‘fully detach the head' isn't advised for the novice beheader.”
Johnson continues:
The suggested targets were especially unnerving: head for random people, ISIS directed, walking on the beach, in a park, coming home from the night shift, leaving a nightclub, enjoying a rippling creek. Forget the large crowds, the terror group said, and hit quiet neighborhoods in multiple-attack sprees with “widely available” knives.
“One need not be a military expert or a martial arts master, or even own a gun or rifle in order to carry out a massacre or to kill and injure several disbelievers and terrorize an entire nation,” the ISIS article said.
Islamic State wants “medieval, simplistic attacks” on the theory that “[s]pontaneity not only spreads terror to the most unlikely corners of the country, but creates an even bigger nightmare for our efforts to intercept terrorists in the planning stages,” Johnson writes.
Wendell Tobias Buchanan may have answered Islamic State's call to attack Americans
Russian exile, Mikhail Khodorkovsky, delivers a speech at Chatham House in central London, February 26, 2015. REUTERS/Toby Melville (BRITAIN - Tags: POLITICS) - RTR4RBPK
ГААГА (Рейтер) - В Нидерландах во вторник началось рассмотрение жалобы России на взыскание с нее более $50 миллиардов в пользу бывших акционеров обанкроченного Юкоса.
Большинство активов частного Юкоса купила государственная Роснефть после того, как некогда крупнейшая нефтяная компания была объявлена банкротом, а ее основатель Михаил Ходорковский, попавший в опалу Кремля, оказался за решеткой по обвинениям в мошенничестве и уклонении от налогов.
Ходорковский был освобожден из тюрьмы в декабре 2013 года, сразу после чего некогда самый богатый российский бизнесмен уехал на Запад.
В июле 2014 года Международный арбитражный суд в Гааге обязал Россию выплатить более $50 миллиардов за экспроприацию активов Юкоса. Такое решение арбитраж принял по трем искам бывших акционеров нефтяной компании, требовавших в общей сложности $114 миллиардов.
Россия подала в Окружной суд Гааги ходатайства об отмене всех трех арбитражных решений, сообщил представитель суда.
По его словам, решение по апелляции ожидается не ранее чем через шесть месяцев.
В декабре Апелляционный суд Парижа отклонил ходатайство России о приостановке ареста российского имущества во Франции бывшими акционерами Юкоса.
В связи с отказом России выплачивать компенсацию, с июня 2015 года экс-акционеры Юкоса начали арестовывать активы и имущество, принадлежащие Российской Федерации, в Париже и других частях Франции.
Many people mistakenly believe that the Immaculate Conception refers to the conception of Jesus Christ. Jesus' conception was most assuredly immaculate—that is, without the stain of sin—but the Immaculate Conception does not refer to Jesus at all. The Immaculate Conception is a doctrine of the Roman Catholic Church in regards to Mary, Jesus' mother. The official statement of the doctrine reads, “The blessed Virgin Mary to have been, from the first instant of her conception, by a singular grace and privilege of Almighty God, in view of the merits of Christ Jesus the Savior of Mankind, preserved free from all stain of original sin” (Pope Pius IX,, December 1854). Essentially, the Immaculate Conception is the belief that Mary was protected from original sin , that Mary did not have a sin nature and was, in fact, sinless.Catholics celebrate the Feast of the Immaculate Conception of the Blessed Virgin Mary on December 8. Within Eastern Orthodoxy , December 9 is the date of the Feast of the Conception by St. Anne of the Most Holy Theotokos . (Anne is Mary's mother, according to tradition.) The Eastern Church does not hold to the doctrine of the Immaculate Conception, although they do consider Mary “all-holy,” that is, she never committed a sin.The Immaculate Conception is not a virgin birth. Catholics believe Mary was conceived the normal way, but God made her immune from imputed or inherited sin. For as long as she's been in existence, Mary has been free of sin. This allowed her to be the “second Eve” to give birth to the “second Adam” (see 1 Corinthians 15:45). Overshadowed by the Holy Spirit (Luke 1:35), Mary was a pure and holy “ark,” fit to carry the Son of God. As the ark of the Lord in Moses' day carried the elements of the Old Covenant within it, so Mary carried the Author of the New Covenant within her.The Roman Catholic Church bases its teaching of the Immaculate Conception on tradition along with a couple passages of Scripture. One is Genesis 3:15, the protoevangelium . There, God speaks to the serpent: “I will put enmity between you and the woman, and between your offspring and hers.” Catholics point to the fact that the conflict between the serpent and the woman is equal to the conflict between the serpent and the woman's Offspring, and they explain this by saying the woman (Mary) must be as equally sinless as her Offspring (Christ). The other passage cited by Catholics in support of the Immaculate Conception is Luke 1:28, “The angel went to her and said, ‘Greetings, you who are highly favored! The Lord is with you.'” The Greek word translated “highly favored” can be rendered “favored with grace”; thus, according to Catholic dogma, Mary had a superabundance of grace, rendering her sinless, and that's why God chose her to bear His Son.The Roman Catholic Church argues that the Immaculate Conception is necessary because, without it, Jesus would have received His flesh from one who was herself a slave to the devil, whose works Jesus came to destroy (1 John 3:8). Mary, as the mother of the Redeemer, needed for her flesh to be free from the power of sin, and God gave her that privilege. From her time in the womb, Mary was sanctified because of her special role in bringing the Son of God incarnate into the world.One problem with the doctrine of the Immaculate Conception is that it is not taught in the Bible. Even Catholics admit that Scripture does not directly teach the Immaculate Conception. The Bible nowhere describes Mary as anything but an ordinary human female whom God chose to be the mother of the Lord Jesus Christ. Mary was undoubtedly a godly woman (Luke 1:28). Mary was surely a wonderful wife and mother. Jesus definitely loved and cherished His mother (John 19:27). But the Bible gives us no reason to believe that Mary was sinless. In fact, the Bible gives us every reason to believe that Jesus Christ is the only Person who was not “infected” by sin and never committed a sin (see Ecclesiastes 7:20; Romans 3:23; 2 Corinthians 5:21; 1 Peter 2:22; 1 John 3:5).The doctrine of the Immaculate Conception is neither biblical nor necessary. Jesus was miraculously conceived inside Mary, who was a virgin at the time. That is the biblical doctrine of the virgin birth . The Bible never hints that there was anything significant about Mary's conception. Mary is not an exception to the Bible's statement that “all have sinned” (Romans 3:23). Mary needed a Savior just like the rest of us (Luke 1:47).
When I was a kid, you could say I had an ecumenical instinct in some respects. It was common at the time (I'm thinking 6th-12th grade) to ask, “Are you a Christian or a Catholic?” meaning something like, “Evangelical or Catholic?” or “Catholic or something else?” depending on who was asking it. This was true of the Roman Catholic kids too. I—being me—took special delight in pointing out that technically they were all Christians and, really, it was a matter of sub-branches. Beyond that, I didn't trouble myself too much. I knew we had the Bible and they had the Pope, so there wasn't much to worry about.
Oh, those were the days.
Of course, things get more complicated as you age and especially as you begin studying doctrine and history. I got to thinking about this yesterday after a conversation with a friend, so I figured I'd briefly (and roughly) explore this a bit.
In my experience, there are something like three stages or modes of being a “consciously” Protestant—where you adopt your theological stance with a fair amount of awareness of other positions, traditions, etc. Or, at least, there have been three modes that I have inhabited.
Unreconstructed Triumphalism. The first is sort of the unreconstructed or un-conflicted joy of discovering you are the heir to the great Martin Luther with his hammer, who put the Papists in their place, rediscovering the gospel again after it had long been buried under Papal dogma. This is often accompanied by a general sense that there was no church between Augustine (maybe even Paul) and Luther. What's more, Roman Catholics are obviously likely not saved (or maybe by the skin of their teeth). Luther was a hero, Calvin had no blemishes, and there was no blood on our hands in the whole affair. I'm painting with a broad brush here, but you kind of get the feel—the ethos—so to speak. There's no guilt about it, but there's also sort of arrogant myopia involved. Protest on, bro.
Begrudging Embarrassment. From there we pass to a second stage: a sort of bashful, apologetic Protestantism that's fairly conflicted about the whole thing. This ambivalent stance can come from any number of sources. Sometimes it comes with studying a bit more of church history and theology and coming to appreciate the riches of the broader tradition. Start reading the Fathers and a little Anselm or Aquinas, or some spiritual masters, and you begin to realize the Holy Spirit might have been doing a few things during that gap between the Fathers and the Reformation. This new appreciation for history might occur while simultaneously looking at the worst excesses of pop-culture Evangelicalism and getting the sense that they're the natural outworking of Reformation theology.
Some have drunk deeply from the wells of recent narratives of decline that lay all the blame at Protestantism's feet (ie. Reformation –> Modernity and Bad, Bad Things). Sure, there may have been some excesses in the Medieval period, and Luther and Calvin had a point on justification, but…was it all worth it? I mean, are our beliefs that different? Are beliefs even the point? Was all the blood, the division, the dis-unity really the unalloyed victory for the truth it's painted to be? Can the solas, especially sola Scriptura, be sustained in our day anyways? This is often accompanied by an unspoken (often unrecognized) premise that unity is supposed to be of a certain, more clearly chain-link, institutional sort and is scandalized by the thought of (30,000!) denominations the Reformation has apparently left in its wake. (BTW, that's a myth that's been debunked even by Roman Catholic apologists).
I don't want to make light of this. There's a real (and right) holy grief at this disunity for the sake of witness. And there's something wise about the chastening of un-catholic pride.
Second Naïveté Protesting. Coming in third is what I'll call (in a very snooty manner) Protesting with a “second naïveté.” The idea is that once you've kind of gone through this sort of chastening, self-critical phase, you push past it to something more constructive. In other words, you get tired of feeling guilty about being a Protestant, about some of ecclesial realities on the ground, and get on with the business of confessing the faith.
How this happens, I'm not entirely sure. I suppose for me it's involved a few things.
First, there's been a greater appreciation for just how muddled history can be. For instance, it comes with recognizing that the Reformation was, in many ways, dependent on the diversity already present within the pre-Reformation medieval scene. In which case, Luther with his hammer, and Calvin (with his…pointy beard?) weren't coming out of nowhere, bursting in and overturning a serene unity that needed a tune-up. In many cases they were drawing on Medieval theologies and Patristic theologies to do the work of Reformation—because they did see themselves as Reformers of the church they loved.
This is where you appreciate their claim they didn't leave the church, but they were left by it. In their view, they weren't the arrogant ones, but it was Rome that had arrogated to itself an un-catholic and divisive authority over the whole of the church in contradiction to the Word of God. To see Luther and Co. as the dividers, the de-unifiers, is to concede the Roman Catholic point at the outset; it is to buy that story and buy their view of the doctrine of the church, sacraments, and salvation in general.
And this is at the heart of things. Did the Reformers have a point or not? Is Christ's work alone the basis of the justification we receive by faith, not our meritorious works? Is there a right to assurance for the troubled conscience in the gospel or not? Is Scripture as the Word of God the ultimate authority (the norming norm) in matters of faith and practice for the church, or does the church rule over the Word? On and on down the line we can go (sacraments, worship, etc), but at the core of things is the question whether the Reformation made a recovery of a key dimension to the faith that threatened to be overshadowed or not.
In other words, is there something to “protest” or not? And I don't mean protest in the modern sense of revolution—but in the original sense of making a confession of faith against abuse. If there is, then let's get on with it. Because if we truly get on with confessing these things, not begrudgingly, or with a shamed face, then many of the anxieties that plague the bashful Protestant will begin to take care of themselves.
The heart of the Reformation-gospel is not sectarianism, pride, disunity, or the things that make for skepticism and dissolution, but (for the most part) the New Testament call to one faith in one Lord who has promised by his one Spirit to make us one body according to his Word. To confess this gospel, then, ought not leave us complacent with ourselves, nor dismissive of the history of the church, nor other branches of the Church, nor proud and boasting against others with a sectarian spirit, unwilling to learn, grow and submit to the Word of God anew. Why should it?
But neither should it leave us anxious, guilty, and laboring with a bad conscience about being a Protestant. Fundamentally it is a message of humility and joy: humility before God and joy in what Christ has done before me and apart from me, now given to me by grace, and worked within me by the Spirit.
Soli Deo Gloria
Tyler, the Creator and his Odd Future crew are the most talked-about phenomenon in rap and indie circles lately. A lot of that talk has to do with their deliriously, surreally offensive lyrics; rape and murder are common tropes, as are anti-gay slurs. Sara Quin, half of Tegan and Sara, took to the Tegan and Sara website on Friday to post ["A Call for Change"](http://teganandsara.com/news/a-call-for-change/ ""A Call for Change"" ) about Tyler and all the hype he's getting from the media. It's less about Tyler, really, and more about the enthusiastic response to Tyler.
Quin writes:
As journalists and colleagues defend, excuse and congratulate 'Tyler, the Creator,' I find it impossible not to comment. In any other industry would I be expected to tolerate, overlook, and find deeper meaning in this kid's sickening rhetoric? Why should I care about this music or its 'brilliance' when the message is so repulsive and irresponsible?... The more I think about it, the more I think people don't actually want to go up against this particular bully because he's popular. Who sticks up for women and gay people now? It seems entirely uncool to do so in the indie rock world, and I'll argue that point with ANYONE.
On his Twitter, Tyler responded to the post in predictably fucked up fashion:
"If Tegan And Sara Need Some Hard Dick, Hit Me Up!"
Quin's whole piece is up here. Below, watch Tegan and Sara's video for "The Con".
According to a new study by the Urban Institute, the wealth gap among Whites, Blacks, and Hispanics has continued to increase. Before the recession, White families, on average, were about four times wealthier than non-White families, according to Federal Reserve data. By 2010, White families were about six times as wealthy. The most recent data shows the average White family has about $632,000 in wealth, versus $98,000 for Black families and $110,000 for Hispanic families. But what about Asian families?
Last I checked, there are 4.3 billion Asians in the world, making up 62% of the world's population. What's surprising is that only around 5% of the American population is Asian. If there's only 16 million people to sell to out of a country population of 310 million, no wonder why nobody really cares about Asians. Money talks!
When you grow up attending international schools, living in the Spanish house in college and working in Manhattan and San Francisco, it's very hard to accept a world where there isn't much diversity. 33% of San Francisco's population is Asian for example. This post will attempt to understand why Asians consistently get ignored by researchers, politicians, and the media. I'll also offer solutions as to how Asian Americans can gain more coverage.
WHY DON'T MORE PEOPLE CARE ABOUT ASIANS?
1) The media does not understand. We tend to write about what we know and who we know. If there is an underrepresentation of Asians in journalism, a profession most recently voted as the worst occupation in America, then is it any wonder why the media doesn't write about Asian issues? How is a non-Asian supposed to understand the cultural differences if they've never been to Asia, don't speak an Asian language, and have hardly any Asian friends? They can't, so we can't blame the media for their ignorance.
2) Politicians are blind. To make money, all you had to do was look at Mitt Romney's crowd of supporters during election night and bet he would lose the election. There's hardly any diversity with his supporters, even though the American population continuously becomes more diverse. Whatever your political preference, it's pretty clear that if Republican candidates can't connect with the majority of Blacks, Hispanics, and Asians, they will never win again. A full 78% of non-white voters supported President Obama.
3) Misery and suffering. The media loves to focus on the suffering of others. Every time a bubble bursts you will read scores of stories about how so and so lost their fortune. If you are an overrepresented minority in higher education that ultimately earns higher than average or median incomes, then you're no fun. Misery loves company. When your industry has shrunk by 60% in the past 10 years and the median pay is only about $36,000 a year, relative success stories do not interest you.
4) Asians are less vocal. It's hard to think of any Asian Jesse Jacksons in America. Nor are there any massive protest movements by Asians in America except for when Abercrombie & Fitch puts out racist t-shirts. Asian culture is relatively more reserved when they are a minority. Asians in Asia are an entirely different story. When the majority do not hear about a minority's problems, then it's as if there are no problems at all.
5) Asians have a strong culture of saving money. The national savings rate in China and India are 38% and 35%, respectively according to OECD and World Bank. Compare such levels with the savings rates in the US at 3.9%, Australia at 2.5%, and Britain at 7% and there is really no comparison. If you save money you are more free to do whatever you want. When you do what you want, there is less crime, more stability, and greater happiness. There aren't as many problems for politicians, think tanks, and researchers to try and “fix.”
IT'S ALL ABOUT EDUCATION
The most interesting statistic is the level of educational attainment in the Asian community. According to the US Census Bureau in 2010, while the high school graduation rate for Asian Americans is on par with those of other ethnic groups, 50% of Asian Americans have attained at least a bachelor's degree compared with the national average of 28%. Meanwhile, a whopping 71% of Indians have bachelors degree. When I got my MBA at Berkeley part-time, half of my class were Indian, and all of them had GMAT scores of over 720 out of 800. They were in the top 1% of the top 1%.
Asians make up around 21% of a Harvard class, while Asians dominate the campuses of UC Berkeley and UCLA with around a 50% representation. Given Asians only make up 5% of the American population, it's clear they are an overrepresented minority in higher education. If you're Asian, best of luck getting into a top university. You're going to need it.
FINDING A VOICE FOR THE INVISIBLE RACE
In order to have a larger voice in America, a greater portion of the world's 4.3 billion Asians needs to migrate to America. There has to be faster procreation growth for Asians who already live in America as there is no strength in small numbers. The majority will always rule the world and if you only comprise 5% of American's population you aren't going to get any respect from anyone. By the year 2060, the Census Bureau estimates the Hispanic population will double to 31% of the total population. Asians need to start getting busy as the Asian population is expected to only grow to 8% of the total population.
Those Asians in leadership positions must do what every single race before them has done, and that is to take care of their own. Go to any organization whose leader went to X school and is from Y country. If you have a new manager who is from Tunisia and went to Chico State, I guarantee you that in a couple years you'll suddenly have a lot more Tunisians and Chico State grads in the mix! The same can be said for female managers who hire female employees and vice versa. Favoritism is alive and well.
It's interesting that Asians are largely ignored in the media because of some belief that all Asians are smart, hardworking, have stable households, and therefore never need much help. The most famous Asian American story in recent memory is Amy Chua and her “Tiger Mom” ways of getting her daughters into Ivy League schools. Believe it or not, there are Asian people who don't do well in school, come from broken households, and need extra help due to various disadvantages.
I'm all for more equality among everybody. But consistently ignoring the Asian race is an increase in socioeconomic inequality. If we can't effectively create income equality by perfectly redistributing wealth, then at least we must strive for socioeconomic equality where all races are treated the same and have the same voice. I argue there should be massive focus on how the Asian population has been able to overcome common immigration hurdles and dominate some of America's best universities and occupations and apply the findings to other minority groups who are falling behind.
Any Asian readers out there who feel they are an invisible minority in America? Why do you think the media, politicians, and research institutes ignore Asians so much? Is the secret to greater wealth and prosperity simply more education? If so, why isn't there more a focus on Asian culture instead?
Official definition of Asian: A person having origins in any of the original peoples of the Far East, Southeast Asia, or the Indian subcontinent including, for example, Cambodia, China, India, Japan, Korea, Malaysia, Pakistan, the Philippine Islands, Thailand, and Vietnam. It includes people who indicate their race as “Asian Indian,” “Chinese,” “Filipino,” “Korean,” “Japanese,” “Vietnamese,” and “Other Asian” or provide other detailed Asian responses.
The full PDF of the Urban Institute's report can be found here.
Related: How About Affirmative Action Based On Income Instead Of Race
Recommendation To Build Wealth
Manage Your Money In One Place: Sign up for Personal Capital, the web's #1 free wealth management tool to get a better handle on your finances. You can use Personal Capital to help monitor illegal use of your credit cards and other accounts with their tracking software. In addition to better money oversight, run your investments through their award-winning Investment Checkup tool to see exactly how much you are paying in fees. I was paying $1,700 a year in fees I had no idea I was paying.
After you link all your accounts, use their Retirement Planning calculator that pulls your real data to give you as pure an estimation of your financial future as possible using Monte Carlo simulation algorithms. Definitely run your numbers to see how you're doing. I've been using Personal Capital since 2012 and have seen my net worth skyrocket during this time thanks to better money management.
Updated for 2019 and beyond. Congrats to the success of Crazy Rich Asians and Searching!
Winter sadness (or “seasonal affective disorder”) is a very common psychological phenomenon where people feel more depressed and unmotivated during winter months of the year.
In fact, one recent study published in the American Journal of Preventive Medicine found that mental health searches on Google tend to increase during winter months and decrease during summer months – showing that mental health issues can often fluctuate with the seasons.
Common symptoms of winter sadness include: increased stress and anxiety, loss of motivation, oversleeping, lack of concentration, and social withdrawal.
If you find yourself more sad and depressed during the winter months, consider these “mental health boosters” to help even yourself out during this time of the year.
Sit in the sun more
During the winter months we often have less hours of sun – and sure, it's colder outside – but that doesn't mean we can't take advantage of the sun while it's up.
Between the hours of 12pm-2pm is a great time to find 15-20 minutes to just sit outside and enjoy the sun. This will help keep your body and metabolism awake during the day – and allow you to get your vitamin D fix.
I honestly like to use this time to just sit and reflect (and make sure my dog pees outside), but you can easily bring out a book or magazine – or even just look through your phone. It's not a lot of time, just give yourself some incentive to actually sit outside.
It may be easier to spend time outside during the summer rather than the winter, but scheduling time to sit in the sun during these months can be really important in overcoming winter sadness.
Keep a healthy sleep schedule
Winter sadness often makes us more tired and want to sleep more. Part of this is due to the fact that the nights are longer and it gets darker earlier.
Sleep is a good thing, but too much of it can make us more drowsy. Try to not sleep more than 7-10 hours a day.
Getting in the habit of sleeping really late on weekends can throw off your sleep schedule for the whole week. There's no such thing as “catching up on sleep,” what you need to do is keep a healthy and consistent schedule that your body can be accustomed to.
This is why it is important to try to keep a very similar sleep schedule during the winter as throughout other parts of the year.
Keep in mind that after daylight savings time ends, your sleep schedule may take a few days to adjust as well. Check out more tips on sleeping at 7 simple principles behind a good night's sleep.
Stay moving during the day
During the winter months we tend to become less physically active. This lack of motivation contributes to our winter sadness – we're less likely to go outside, play sports, exercise, or leave the house on weekends.
Depression and lack of motivation can often become self-fulfilling. We don't do anything, because we don't want to do anything, and we don't want to do anything, because we feel bad for not doing anything.
A recent study published in the Journal of Clinical Psychiatry show that exercise can be very beneficial for treating major depressive disorder. And another study published in Medicine and Science in Sports and Exercise found that exercise at any level is associated with better physical and mental health.
Therefore, any amount of exercise can probably help combat winter sadness too. And considering these are months where we become particularly inactive, it's important to remind ourselves to find new ways of keeping our bodies moving.
Doing something as simple as standing up once an hour and walking around for 5-10 minutes can have huge benefits on our physical and mental health. We sit for far too much time during our waking hours, we need to find easy and convenient ways to keep our bodies active and awake.
Socialize more
Another tendency during winter sadness is to isolate ourselves from people and not socialize as much.
While it's true that introverts and extraverts differ in the quantity of socializing they need or desire, research shows that everyone needs some level of socialization to be happy and satisfied with their lives.
A recent study published in the Journal of Personality and Social Psychology discovered that individuals – including both extraverts and introverts – reported greater positive emotion when they were socializing with others.
Winter sadness can sometimes put us in a “hibernation” mode when it comes to socializing, so it's important to be more active in scheduling time to spend with others.
We may not have as many opportunities to socialize in the winter rather than the summer, but there are things you can do to make sure you're getting your social fix: join a sports league or local club, go out to bars or restaurants with friends, or volunteer at a non-profit organization.
Get a “light therapy” lamp
Many people with winter sadness also recommend “light therapy,” especially if you're more sensitive than most to the changes in the seasons.
Light therapy is also useful in places where there is a big change in darkness to light hours. The basic idea is to use a special kind of light that mimics sunlight to help produce melatonin in the body, which is an important hormone for regulating the circadian rhythm for many biological functions.
Your body is designed to operate in 24-hour cycles – we've evolved with the time of day, and our bodies rely on light as a signal. So when there are big changes in light intake it can throw our whole bodies out of whack. If you've ever seen the movie Insomnia by Christopher Nolan, then you're familiar with how changes in light can have a big impact on our psychological state.
You can find some “light therapy lamps” on Amazon. Although I personally can't recommend a specific one, so make sure you read the reviews and do more research before getting anything.
—
For most people, winter sadness isn't too much of a problem – it's just something to be aware of. However, if you find yourself feeling much worse during the winter months, consider trying out these suggestions to help combat your winter sadness and give your mood a little extra boost.
Stay updated on new articles and resources in psychology and self improvement:
What Happens When Gaming Becomes A Chore?
When we lose sight of why we game, our hobby becomes nothing more than a humourless chore.
My 18-month old daughter had finally gone to sleep. As is my usual evening ritual, I trudged downstairs and plonked myself, bleary-eyed and exhausted from work, in front of the TV ready to game the remainder of the night away. For 10 minutes I stared blankly at the screen, unsure of what to play. My ever growing "pile of shame" beckoned to me with merciless taunts and jeers. The pressure to pick up a game - any game - merely to wipe off my backlog was immense. It was at that moment I had an epiphany: sadly, my wonderful hobby had become nothing more than a humourless chore.
My unfinished backlog consists of around 20 Xbox One games, 5 PS4 games, 150 Steam games (curse you Steam sales!) and several dozen more games on my iPad. In the next few months, I'm anticipating laying down more of my hard earned cash for another half-dozen games. Tell me, what rational person would do this?
Unfortunately, with such a large number of games waiting to be finished - and the pile of shame growing ever higher - several nights ago I realised that gaming had simply become a means through which I progressed from one game to another merely to strike it off my backlog. In other words, it had become nothing more than a chore. It didn't help that I promised myself that 2016 would be the year I make a serious dent in my backlog.
For the first half of the year, things were looking good. I knocked some great titles off my list including Dark Souls, XCOM, Valiant Hears: The Great War and Shovel Knight. I promised myself that I wouldn't buy new games – no matter how much I wanted them – until I had made some solid progress through my backlog. However, it gradually dawned on me that in making this promise to myself, I had locked myself into a cycle where even if I wasn't enjoying those games, I still felt compelled to see them all the way through. But, paradoxically, even those games I was enjoying became nothing more than an accounting item to be struck off my backlog. In doing so, I lost the precious element that should drive our gaming habit: fun.
Case in point: I recently knocked The Witcher 3 off my backlog. Don't get me wrong, the game was absolutely brilliant. I do not regret spending one minute traversing the Northern Kingdoms. But the entire time I was playing, I had a nagging sensation in the back of my mind that I was losing precious hours in this massive world that could be better spent completing another game. Eventually, I stopped trying to complete the side quests and forged on ahead with the main story just so that I could finish the game.
I would hesitate a guess that many of you reading this have felt like that at some point in your life. At times, the ever growing pile of unfinished/unplayed games may feel like a weight around our necks. Enough so that it borders on becoming overwhelming and stressful. We may feel like we have to dedicate every moment of our spare time to making some progress through this backlog. But take it from me: the moment that we lose sight of why we game and why we enjoy it so much, is the moment that it becomes an albatross around our neck. Like any hobby, the moment that it we allow it to rule our life is the moment it becomes an unenjoyable, mundane and humourless chore.
As for me, the other night the nagging sensation was particularly keen. Everyone was in bed, my chores were done, and I could spend the entire night gaming if that was my desire. But I had an epiphany: I did not need to feel compelled to pick up my controller and work through my backlog. I actually had a choice not to game. Instead of firing up my console, I picked up a magazine and had a great time reading it for the rest of the night. It was liberating and a timely reminder that I game for enjoyment. Not out of a sense of obligation.
If you ever feel like this, then I would strongly encourage you to put down your keyboard or controller and have some time away from gaming. Do something else you enjoy for a period of time. It's a great reminder that our lives do not revolve around our gaming habits. Nor are we defined by what we play. I've also recently taken up cricket again, started building miniature models and invested heavily into tabletop gaming. Doing something other than video gaming opens up a whole new world of experiences. By the time you come back to your games, you'll likely feel refreshed and enthusiastic once again.
I'm now much more at peace with my gaming. Even though I still do feel the pull of smashing through my backlog, I'm enjoying picking up my controller once again. Now excuse me while I'll willingly and joyfully attack the next game on my backlog…Dark Souls III!
Writer:
Stephen Mitchell
If you are wondering who we are, we're primarily a digital magazine for the iPad focused on the coverage of indie video games. Run by the former editor of Game Informer, you'll find worldwide exclusives, but also an interactive media experience unlike any you have seen before. If you have an iPad, you should check out the free sample issue at the very least, or enjoy one of our other episodes as listed below.
Get Every Episode:
- Episode 1 - Includes The Making of République (*free sample issue*)
- Episode 2 - Includes The Making of Oceanhorn
- Episode 3 - Includes The Making of Monument Valley
- Episode 4 - Includes The Making of Last Inua
- Episode 5 - Includes The Making of World of Tanks Blitz
- Grab It Episodes 2-5 Bundle
- Episode 6 - Includes The Making of Magic the Gathering
- Episode 7 - Includes The Making of Tiny Troopers Alliance and Midnight Star
- Episode 8 - The PAX AUS edition
- Grab It Presents Nihilumbra - Classics Collection
- Grab It Presents Ultimate Indie Game Reviews Vol 1.
New comment
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
Disqus
Jonathan Lucroy Named Brewers Nominee for 2014 Hank Aaron Award; Vote thru 10/5
Caitlin Moyer Blocked Unblock Follow Sep 29, 2014
Major League Baseball and MLB Advanced Media announced that Jonathan Lucroy was named the Brewers nominee for the 2014 Hank Aaron Award.
Fans can vote exclusively online at MLB.com and the 30 Club sites. For the fifth straight year, a special panel of Hall of Fame players led by Hank Aaron will join fans in voting for the award, which is officially sanctioned by Major League Baseball and has recognized the most outstanding offensive performer in each League since it was established in 1999.
Lucroy is coming off the best year in his career as he batted .301 with 13 home runs and 69 RBI. The five-year veteran set career-highs in games played (153), hits (176), runs (73), doubles (53) and walks (66). He appeared in his first All-Star Game, becoming just the second Brewer in franchise history to start behind the plate in the game. Lucroy went 2-for-2 with two RBI doubles in the Midsummer Classic. The Brewers' backstop collected 53 doubles to become the first primary catcher in modern MLB history (since 1900) to lead the Major Leagues in doubles. Lucroy's 53 doubles also tied Lyle Overbay (2004) for the franchise single-season record. In addition, the Florida native ranked among the National League leaders in multi-hit games (3rd, 53), extra-base hits (T3rd, 68), hits (T5th, 176), batting average (7th, .301) and on-base percentage (8th, .373).
The Hall of Fame panel led by Aaron includes some of the greatest offensive players of all-time –Roberto Alomar, Johnny Bench, Paul Molitor, Eddie Murray, Frank Thomas and Robin Yount. These Hall of Famers — who combined for 16,956 hits, 8,844 RBI and 2,109 home runs — have all been personally selected by Aaron to lend their expertise to select the best offensive performer in each League.
Through October 5, fans will have the opportunity to select one American League and one National League winner from a list comprising of one finalist per Club. The winners of the 2014 Hank Aaron Award will be announced during the 2014 World Series.
Past winners of the Hank Aaron Award include: Miguel Cabrera and Paul Goldschmidt (2013); Cabrera and Buster Posey (2012); Jose Bautista and Matt Kemp (2011); Bautista and Joey Votto (2010); Derek Jeter and Albert Pujols (2009); Aramis Ramirez and Kevin Youkilis (2008); Alex Rodriguez and Prince Fielder (2007); Jeter and Ryan Howard (2006); David Ortiz and Andruw Jones (2005); Manny Ramirez and Barry Bonds (2004); Rodriguez and Pujols (2003); Rodriguez and Bonds (2001–02); Carlos Delgado and Todd Helton (2000) and Manny Ramirez and Sammy Sosa (1999).
The Hank Aaron Award was introduced in 1999 to honor the 25th Anniversary of Aaron breaking Babe Ruth's all-time home run record, and, at that time, was the first major award introduced by Major League Baseball in more than 25 years.
The Encyclical Letter of Marc of Ephesus
JULY 1440
To All Orthodox Christians on the Mainland and in the Islands.
F
rom Mar k, Bis hop of the Met ropo lis of Ephe sus —R ejo ice in Chr ist !
T
o those who have ensnared us in an evil captivit—desirin to lead us awa into the Ba"lon of #atin rites and domas—could not, of course, completel accomplish this, seein immediatel that there was little chance of it$ %n fact, that it was simpl impossi"le$ But havin stopped somewhere in the middle—"oth the and those who followed after them—the neither remained an loner what the were, nor "ecame anthin else$ For havin &uit 'erusalem, a firm and unwaverin faith—and et "ein in no condition and not wishin to "ecome and to "e called Ba"lonians—the thus called themselves, as if " riht, ()reco*#atins,+ and amon the people are called (#atiniers$+
-
nd so these split people, like the mthical centaurs, confess toether with the #atins that the .ol /pirit proceeds from the /on, and has the /on as Cause of .is e0istence, and et toether with us confess that .e proceeds from the Father$ -nd the sa toether with them that the addition to the Creed 1of the Filio&ue2 was done canonicall and with "lessin, and et toether with us do not permit it to "e uttered 1Besides, who would turn awa from what was canonical and "lessed32$ -nd the sa toether with them that unleaven ed "read is the Bod of Christ , and et toether with us do not dare to accept it$ %s this not suffici ent to reveal their spirit , and how that it was not in a &uest for the Truth— which , havin in their hands, the
Hey Reddit!
I'll jump on the bandwagon saying that I've had a REALLY rough week. I got home today to a package on my door step & my Santa didn't only gift me incredible gifts, but she gifted me things to keep my mind off of it all.
The first gift I saw was a Game of Thrones stark mug. This is hands down the coolest mug I've ever seen and would have been VERY happy with just this as my gift. I love coffee, I love game of thrones, and hello #team stark over here! Posing in the photo is our Alaskan Klee Kai, Stark (Of course, named after GoT). He makes the picture much cuter than I would have been able to!! haha.
Then I see a green scarf, I REALLY enjoy wearing scarves. Especially nice and light weight ones like my incredible Santa picked out for me. Then I look at the scarf a little closer.. ZELDA SCARF!!!!!!!!!! Seriously Santa... I think me and you could be buddies!
And there's more!! I'm already incredibly happy at this point, smiling ear to ear. Then I see something at the bottom of the box. No way it could be... but it was! Harry potter the complete 8 film set! There goes the rest of my week! I'll be hibernating when I'm not working watching a marathon of Harry potter until my eyes bleed from staring at the screen too long.
Santa - You MADE my Christmas. I can not thank you enough & you certainly didn't need to go all out. <3 I hope your Christmas is the best Christmas you've ever had this year.
PS. THANK YOU!!
In January, Lyft stated that its goal for the year was to expand into 100 additional cities -- bringing its total up to 300 -- and to increase its reach from 55 percent of the country to 72 percent. But the company has blown through those benchmarks. It hit its city goal in February, started providing over a million rides per day in July and overtook Uber in growth last month.
"Since Lyft's founding in 2012, our goal has always been to create better transportation, decrease the amount of cars and traffic on the road, and bring safe and affordable rides to the entire country," said the company's regional director of new markets, Jaime Raczka, in a statement to Engadget. "Through this expansion, we are one step closer to delivering on that mission."
To celebrate, Lyft is offering new passengers $5 off their first ride with the code LYFTLOVE17.
Outraged at the possibility of the theft of Honduras' election by the discredited current administration, 50 US rights groups have joined call to urge the US to press Honduras for electoral transparency.
Elise Roberts, National Coordinator of Witness for Peace, stated: "As we return from two weeks observing and documenting in Honduras, our concerns about the Honduran electoral process and broader state violence and corruption continue to deepen. We've heard testimony of ongoing intimidation through use of US-funded security forces, incidents of fraud and violence at polling places, use of US-made munitions against anti-fraud protesters, and a total lack of transparency about the electoral process. Our partners in Honduras describe this process as the final phase of the coup, endorsed by US support and funding. Now more than ever, Honduras needs the people and government of the US to stand with them, to support independent, credible investigations into the electoral fraud and state violence, and to immediately cut all US funding to Honduran security forces."
Nationwide protests called for tomorrow starting at 11 am #HondurasElections2017 #Elecciones2017Honduras https://t.co/VrriOgJyru — Honduras Solidarity (@hondurassol) December 2, 2017
“The US government's collusion in the Honduras coup of 2009 has resulted in eight years of massive violence, spiraling poverty, and the brutal suppression of dissent. We, as US-based groups, cannot allow the US and Honduran governments to repeat this horrific tragedy of undermining democracy,” stated Chung-Wha Hong, Executive Director of Grassroots International. “Too many lives are at stake. Democracy is at stake.”
50 US rights groupshave so far joined the call for transparency include Witness for Peace/Acción Permanente por la Paz, Grassroots International, Code Pink, Friendship Office of the Americas, School of the Americas Watch, and the number continues to grow.
Honduras troops shoot dead teenage girl amid election crisis protests https://t.co/dOKqTkRfwZ — The Guardian (@guardian) December 2, 2017
Worldwide media reports are multiplying of suspicious electoral tampering of Honduras' election results by the ruling party which hand-picked the nation's Supreme Electoral Tribunal (TSE). Nonetheless, the Chief Magistrate of the TSE, Mario Lobo, appeared to be bucking the trend when he announced late Wednesday that the official results are suspect, casting doubt on official claims of a win by incumbent candidate Juan Orlando Hernandez, of the incumbent National Party.
Up until Tuesday at 5pm, the head of the TSE, Mr. Lobo, had stated that “the winning tendency of the opposition is irreversible.” This announcement was followed by 24 hours of silence from the TSE, at the end of which the TSE unexpectedly claimed that the vote was now favoring the incumbent Mr. Hernandez. Suspicions of fraud have sparked massive outcry and protests across the country, accompanied by heavy-handed deployment of the military across the nation.
“Campesin@s and Indigenous Peoples showed up at the polls, in spite of voter intimidation, outright violence and attacks from the Honduran military, because they are defending their land and their human rights and they want change,” stated Cindy Wiesner, Grassroots Global Justice Alliance. “The world is watching again, just as we witnessed the illegal coup from 2009. We cannot allow the undermining of the democratic will of the Honduran people.”
As Honduran government suspends constitutional guarantees amid electoral crisis, a reminder that this former military man is the security minister. https://t.co/vmWIEIXjYy — Jake Johnston (@JakobJohnston) December 2, 2017
SCROLL TO CONTINUE WITH CONTENT Help Keep Common Dreams Alive Our progressive news model only survives if those informed and inspired by this work support our efforts
Here's the full call for transparency with list of signatories:
Demand Action in Wake of November 26th Honduran Elections
Open Letter to the US Congress and US State Department:
As US-based human rights, grassroots organizing, solidarity, and other civil society organizations, we write to express our deep concern about reports of fraud and state violence during and since the November 26 elections in Honduras. Since election day we have seen images of US munitions that have been used against Honduran citizens asserting their right to democracy. Colleagues and friends from throughout Honduras are sending videos of massive militarization. We write to urge you, in the strongest possible terms, to support credible, independent investigations into any and all claims of state-involvement in electoral fraud and violence during and since the November 26th elections. We reinforce our demand that you immediately suspend all US police and military aid to Honduras.
After the initial release of official results in the Honduran presidential election showed the opposition candidate leading by approximately 5 percentage points based on more than half the returns, the Supreme Electoral Tribunal did not resume releasing presidential election results for more than a day. For comparison, in the 2013 presidential election, the winner was declared with a similar proportion of the returns in. Ever since the updates resumed, the incumbent, President Hernández, has gained ground at a surprising rate and, as of Wednesday afternoon, has passed the opposition candidate, according to the tribunal's numbers. The long delay, and the dramatic shift in the tendency of the vote count reported before and after that delay, raise serious doubts about the integrity of this election.
The US government has been an ongoing supporter and funder of the Honduran government, including clear US support for the 2009 coup which led to the right-wing National Party taking power, with Hernández as President of the National Congress from 2010-2013. Furthermore, the US has pushed forward the disastrous, failed Plan Colombia model for Honduras, Guatemala, and El Salvador in the form of the “Alliance for Prosperity in the Northern Triangle” aid package. This 750 million-dollar project makes conditions in Central America more “favorable” for outside investors, albeit through militarization and political reforms dressed up as anti-drug policies.
If the US has a genuine commitment to democracy, now is the time to demonstrate it, by:
Ensuring that the will of the Honduran electorate be respected in an honest and transparent, politically independent, accurate vote count by supporting credible, independent investigations into any and all claims of state-involvement in electoral fraud and violence during and since the November 26th elections;
Ending US security aid to Honduras, including police and military aid, and support for Honduran security forces through the so-called “Alliance for Prosperity in the Northern Triangle” program;
Supporting the human rights of the Honduran people in their effort to stand up to voter fraud, intimidation, and dictatorship; and
Insisting on respect for the rights of Indigenous Peoples (including Garifuna communities) and peasant communities organizing to defend and protect ancestral territories, land, water, and Mother Earth in the face of militarization and repression by the current Honduran regime.
Delegations from La Voz de los de Abajo, Code Pink, and Witness for Peace witnessed and heard testimony of the ongoing intimidation through use of security forces, including US-funded security forces, as well as incidents of fraud and violence at polling places. These continuing abuses underscore the need for the passage of HR 1299, the Berta Cáceres Human Rights in Honduras Act – and companion legislation in the Senate – which would suspend US security aid to Honduras until human rights defenders are protected and serious human rights abuses are brought to justice.
We urge you to exert all possible pressure to promote honesty and transparency for Honduras' election and to advance the cause of HR 1299 and companion legislation in the Senate to suspend the "security" aid that is only making Honduras less secure, including at this critical moment for the country.
Current Signatories:
Witness for Peace/Acción Permanente por la Paz
Grassroots International
Code Pink
Friendship Office of the Americas
School of the Americas Watch (SOAW)
La Voz de los de Abajo
Grassroots Global Justice Alliance
Alliance for Global Justice (AFGJ)
Portland Central America Solidarity Committee (PCASC)
St. Louis Inter-Faith Committee on Latin America (IFCLA)
Committee in Solidarity with the People of El Salvador (CISPES)
Unitarian Universalist Service Committee (UUSC)
Chicago Religious Leadership Network on Latin America (CRLN)
Task Force on the Americas
Sustainable Agriculture of Louisville, KY
Human Rights Observation Honduras
Climate Justice Alliance (CJA)
Latin America Task Force of Interfaith Council for Peace & Justice
Interfaith Movement for Human Integrity
Presbyterian Peace Fellowship
WhyHunger
Global Exchange
Samuel Rubin Foundation
Global Exchange
Rights Action
Alianza Americas
Just Foreign Policy
Samuel Rubin Foundation
Cross Borders Network
US-El Salvador Sister Cities
Groundswell International
Houston Peace and Justice Center
Justicia
Nicaragua Center for Community Action (NICCA)
Network in Solidarity with the People of Guatemala/NISGUA
Sisters of St. Francis of Philadelphia
Food Chain Workers Alliance
Family Farm Defenders
The Resistance Center for Peace and Justice
National Lawyers Guild
Centro Presente
Houston Peace News
Ivestor Church of the Brethren Mission and Outreach Team
Rochester Committee on Latin America
Casa Baltimore/Limay
Witness for Peace Southeast
Witness for Peace Midwest
Witness for Peace Southeast
Witness for Peace Northwest
Witness for Peace New England
SouthWest Organizing Project
Nagata-Yamauchi Educational Fund
Association of Roman Catholic Women Priests
New Mexico Faith Coalition for Immigrant Justice
Unidad Latina en Accion (ULA)
UU Faith Action, NJ
Minnesota Break the Bonds Campaign
Karani Media
Center for Human Rights & International Justice, Boston
Travelogue Media
Environmental Association for Latin America
GreenRoots-RaicesVerdes
CAFE at UC Berkeley (Central Americans for Empowerment)
Pioneer Valley Workers Center
San Jose Peace & Justice Center
InterReligious Task Force On Central America and Colombia
Image caption The Congo Basin is the second largest rainforest in the world after the Amazon
Tree loss in one of the world's largest rainforests has slowed, a study suggests.
Satellite images of Africa's Congo Basin reveal that deforestation has fallen by about a third since 2000.
Researchers believe this is partly because of a focus on mining and oil rather than commercial agriculture, where swathes of forest are cleared.
The work is published in the Philosophical Transactions of the Royal Society B.
It is part of a series that is examining the state of Africa's forests.
Dr Simon Lewis, from the University of Leeds and University College London, said: "Most of the focus has been on the Amazon and on South East Asian tropical rainforests, and a big bit of the missing picture is what is going on the Congo Basin in Central Africa.
"We really wanted to pull together information about this amazing region that we know very little about."
Bigger trees
Sprawling across the heart of Africa, the Congo Basin rainforest is second only to the Amazon in size. It covers nearly 2 million sq km (800,000 sq miles).
This latest study, which was carried out by the European Commission's Joint Research Centre, reveals that it is in far better health than expected.
Images taken from space allowed researchers to track how the dense foliage was changing over time.
Image caption Rainforests are sometimes cleared to make way for large-scale commercial agriculture
They found that during the 1990s nearly 3,000 sq km (1,000 sq miles) of forest were being felled each year.
But from 2000 to 2010, the rate of deforestation had slowed. Fewer than 2,000 sq km (700 sq miles) of rainforest were lost every year.
"The results were surprising," Dr Lewis told BBC News.
"This is partly because there is a network of protected areas. But it is also because of a lack of expansion from agriculture, and the way these [central African] countries have organised their economies.
"They are very dependent on oil sales and also minerals from mining, and they are investing in that and not investing so much in agricultural expansion."
Another study published in the same journal highlighted the differences between trees in the Congo Basin and those found elsewhere around the world.
Measurements of 130,000 trees show that African species were on average much larger in stature than those in the Amazon. As a result, scientists believe that the Congo Basin stores more carbon, acting as a carbon sink.
Losing parts of the rainforest would have an impact on climate change, biodiversity and the communities that depend on the environment, said Dr Lewis.
He said that Africa's rainforest was at a pivotal point.
Logging could continue to fall because of schemes such as the United Nations' Reducing Emissions from Deforestation and Forest Degradation in Developing Countries (REDD) that offer financial incentives to keep forests intact.
"But on the other side, the big increase in human population and the rise in living standards globally means we may need more agricultural commodities... It could go the other way and go much more like South East Asia or the Amazon and see the expansion of commercial agriculture," explained Dr Lewis.
However, the environmental group Global Witness said the current loss of forest was unacceptable.
Alexandra Pardal said: "The world's second largest rainforest is losing 2,000 square km - an area 34 times the size of Manhattan - every year. This is totally unsustainable, and it's set to get worse."
September 26, 2016 - Clinton 44 - Trump 43, Too Close To Call, Quinnipiac University National Poll Finds; Democrat Has 9-Point Lead On Tonight's Debate
PDF format
Additional Trend Information
Sample and Methodology detail
The presidential race between Democrat Hillary Clinton and Republican Donald Trump is a virtual dead heat, as she takes 44 percent of American likely voters to his 43 percent, with 8 percent for Libertarian Party candidate Gary Johnson and 2 percent for Green Party candidate Jill Stein, according to a Quinnipiac University national poll released today.
This compares to a 41 - 39 percent Clinton lead among likely voters, with Johnson at 13 percent and Stein at 4 percent, in a September 14 survey by the independent Quinnipiac (KWIN- uh-pe-ack) University.
In a head-to-head matchup, Clinton gets 47 percent to Trump's 46 percent.
American likely voters say 41 - 32 percent that Clinton will win tonight's presidential debate and 84 percent of voters say they plan to watch the highly anticipated showdown.
In fact, 55 percent of likely voters nationwide say they are "more motivated that usual" to vote, while 11 percent say they are less motivated and 33 percent say their motivation is "about the same as usual."
There is a small gender gap and a wide racial divide in the four-way likely voter matchup as Clinton leads 47 - 42 percent among women, while men go to Trump by a narrow 44 - 40 percent. Trump leads 50 - 36 percent among white voters, while non-white voters back Clinton 66 - 24 percent.
"The race for President is a virtual tie and millions of likely voters consider the first debate must-see TV. And for those inclined to place a wager on the likely winner, Hillary Clinton is the best bet," said Tim Malloy, assistant director of the Quinnipiac University Poll.
"In this Super Bowl of American politics, the ratings will be huge and the contenders start dead even."
In the four-way presidential matchup, Trump leads 86 - 5 percent among Republicans and 42 - 35 percent among independent voters. Democrats back Clinton 90 - 6 percent.
Candidates' Health
American likely voters say 73 - 18 percent that Trump is healthy enough to be president.
Clinton is healthy enough to be president, voters say 58 - 31 percent.
For 33 percent of voters, their opinion of Trump was affected in a negative way by his participation in the so-called "birther movement" which said President Barack Obama was born outside the U.S., while 4 percent say their opinion was positive and 60 percent say it did not affect their opinion.
Trump's announcement that he now believes President Obama was born in the U.S. did not affect their opinion of him, 78 percent of likely voters say.
A total of 50 percent of voters are "very concerned" or "somewhat concerned" that they or a family member will be a victim of a terrorist attack, while 50 percent are "not so concerned" or "not concerned at all."
Government anti-terror policies have not gone far enough to adequately protect the country, 51 percent of voters say, while 27 percent say they have gone too far restricting civil liberties.
From September 22 - 25, Quinnipiac University surveyed 1,115 likely voters nationwide with a margin of error of +/- 2.9 percentage points. Live interviewers call landlines and cell phones.
The Quinnipiac University Poll, directed by Douglas Schwartz, Ph.D., conducts public opinion surveys in Pennsylvania, New York, New Jersey, Connecticut, Florida, Ohio, Virginia, Iowa, Colorado, North Carolina, Georgia and the nation as a public service and for research.
Visit http://www.qu.edu/polling or www.facebook.com/quinnipiacpoll Call (203) 582-5201, or follow us on Twitter @QuinnipiacPoll.
1. If the presidential election were being held today, and the candidates were Hillary Clinton and Tim Kaine the Democrats, Donald Trump and Mike Pence the Republicans, Gary Johnson and Bill Weld the Libertarians, and Jill Stein and Ajamu Baraka the Green party candidates, for whom would you vote? (If undecided) As of today, do you lean more toward Clinton and Kaine, Trump and Pence, Johnson and Weld, or Stein and Baraka?
LIKELY VOTERS.......................................... Tot Rep Dem Ind Men Wom Wht NonWht Clinton and Kaine 44% 5% 90% 35% 40% 47% 36% 66% Trump and Pence 43 86 6 42 44 42 50 24 Johnson and Weld 8 5 2 15 9 6 9 5 Stein and Baraka 2 - 1 5 3 - 2 2 SMONE ELSE(VOL) 1 - 1 - 1 - 1 - DK/NA 4 3 2 4 3 5 3 3
2. If the only candidates were Hillary Clinton and Tim Kaine the Democrats and Donald Trump and Mike Pence the Republicans, for whom would you vote? (If undecided) As of today, do you lean more toward Clinton and Kaine or Trump and Pence?
LIKELY VOTERS.......................................... Tot Rep Dem Ind Men Wom Wht NonWht Clinton and Kaine 47% 6% 91% 43% 45% 49% 40% 68% Trump and Pence 46 90 6 47 49 44 54 25 SMONE ELSE(VOL) 1 - 1 1 1 - 1 - DK/NA 6 4 2 9 6 7 6 6
*Results based on total sample, only asked of respondents who did not choose Clinton or Trump Q1 Respondents who named Clinton or Trump in Q1 assigned to initial preference.
3. Compared to past presidential elections, how would you describe your level of motivation to vote in this year's presidential election; are you more motivated than usual, less motivated, or about the same as usual?
LIKELY VOTERS.......................................... Tot Rep Dem Ind Men Wom Wht NonWht More 55% 56% 60% 52% 52% 57% 52% 62% Less 11 12 8 13 12 11 12 9 About the same 33 31 32 35 35 32 35 28 DK/NA 1 1 1 - 1 - 1 1
4. Do you plan on watching or listening to the first presidential debate on Monday, September 26th, or not?
LIKELY VOTERS.......................................... Tot Rep Dem Ind Men Wom Wht NonWht Yes 84% 84% 86% 86% 86% 83% 84% 87% No 13 14 11 11 12 13 13 10 DK/NA 3 3 4 3 2 4 3 3
5. Who do you think will win the debate, Hillary Clinton or Donald Trump?
LIKELY VOTERS.......................................... Tot Rep Dem Ind Men Wom Wht NonWht Clinton 41% 11% 75% 36% 38% 44% 37% 55% Trump 32 61 6 32 39 25 36 21 DK/NA 27 27 19 32 23 30 28 24
6. Regardless of how you intend to vote, do you think that Hillary Clinton is healthy enough to be President, or not?
LIKELY VOTERS.......................................... Tot Rep Dem Ind Men Wom Wht NonWht Yes 58% 27% 90% 57% 58% 58% 53% 73% No 31 61 4 33 33 30 36 19 DK/NA 10 13 7 11 9 12 11 8
7. Regardless of how you intend to vote, do you think that Donald Trump is healthy enough to be President, or not?
LIKELY VOTERS.......................................... Tot Rep Dem Ind Men Wom Wht NonWht Yes 73% 92% 54% 76% 78% 69% 79% 58% No 18 4 34 15 15 21 13 32 DK/NA 9 4 12 8 7 10 8 10
8. Was your opinion of Donald Trump affected or not affected by his participation in the birther movement, which said that President Obama was born outside the United States? (If affected) Did it affect your opinion of Trump in a positive or negative way?
LIKELY VOTERS.......................................... Tot Rep Dem Ind Men Wom Wht NonWht Affected/Positive 4% 7% 3% 3% 5% 4% 4% 4% Affected/Negative 33 9 52 36 35 31 31 38 Not affected 60 82 41 57 58 62 62 54 DK/NA 3 2 4 4 3 4 3 4
9. Was your opinion of Donald Trump affected or not affected when he said he now believes that President Obama was born in the United States? (If affected) Did it affect your opinion of Trump in a positive or negative way?
LIKELY VOTERS.......................................... Tot Rep Dem Ind Men Wom Wht NonWht Affected/Positive 5% 9% 2% 4% 6% 4% 5% 4% Affected/Negative 14 6 24 12 13 15 12 19 Not affected 78 84 69 81 78 78 80 73 DK/NA 4 2 5 3 3 4 3 5
10. What concerns you more about the government's anti-terrorism policies: that they have gone too far in restricting the average person's civil liberties, or that they have not gone far enough to adequately protect the country?
LIKELY VOTERS.......................................... Tot Rep Dem Ind Men Wom Wht NonWht Gone too far 27% 12% 36% 33% 31% 24% 26% 31% Not gone far enough 51 77 32 47 51 52 54 45 DK/NA 21 10 32 19 18 24 20 24
11. How concerned are you that you or someone in your family will be the victim of a terrorist attack: very concerned, somewhat concerned, not so concerned, or not concerned at all?
Mars was once far wetter than it is now — but just how wet?
Once upon a time (about 3.7 billion years ago, to be exact), there was rain on Mars. In fact there was enough liquid water on the Red Planet to create vast valley networks and overflowing crater lakes. But these conditions didn't last long. The poor planet lost its atmosphere and became a frozen wasteland.
Based on geologic evidence, scientists are confident rain fell on ancient Mars. But how much rain? In the September 1st issue of Icarus, Robert Craddock (Smithsonian Institution) and Ralph Lorenz (Johns Hopkins University Applied Physics Laboratory) take a fun foray into the past, exploring how Martian rainfall might have changed with time and how much of an impact the rain could have had on the surface.
Two forces act on a raindrop: gravity (down) and air drag (up). A thicker atmosphere produces more drag, which means raindrops will fall more slowly. Denser atmospheres also produce smaller raindrops. That's because as falling drops become larger, aerodynamic drag flattens their bottoms, until the drop “assumes a shape similar to the top of a hamburger bun,” Craddock and Lorenz write. Boost the drop size more, and it'll deform into an umbrella shape, until the drag force fragments it.
With some assumptions thrown into the mix, the team explored how intense ancient Martian rain could have been. The duo calculated max drop size, terminal velocity, and rainfall intensity across a range of atmospheric pressures from 0.5 to 10 bars, where 1 bar is the air pressure at Earth's sea level. This range encompasses a variety of proposed conditions for early Mars.
Depending on how well Martian soil would soak up rain (or not), Craddock and Lorenz suggest that in atmospheric pressures greater than 4 bars, precipitation would have had the intensity of fog — too gentle to erode the landscape. But as Mars lost its atmosphere over the millennia, raindrops could have grown larger and fallen harder, reaching drizzle levels. Conditions would have hit the sweet spot at 1.5 bars, with intensity levels on par with terrestrial storms — although, the combination of larger drops and slower terminal velocities on Mars compared with Earth would mean that a storm on the Red Planet would be only 70% as intense as its terrestrial twin, the authors note. (If you're curious, the maximum drop size would be around 7½ mm, 1 mm bigger than on Earth.)
Rain's intensity would have continued to rise until 0.5 bar, when the atmosphere should have collapsed.
The calculations suggest that there would have been a brief window in Martian history when rain could have spurred serious erosion. This inference makes sense: The planet's deep valley networks formed around 3.7 billion years ago, which is around the time the atmosphere was peacing out. A 2012 study by Timothy Goudge (then of Brown University) and others also found only limited signs of water-related mineral transformations in more than 200 Martian lake basins, suggesting that the lakes didn't last long.
Craddock and Lorenz go on to argue that their prediction of how rain's intensity changed with time matches the change in crater erosion patterns between the Noachian (4.1 to 3.7 billion years ago) and Hesperian (3.7 to 3.3 billion) periods on Mars, with less erosion during the Noachian and more during the Hesperian. But a lot of other processes have eroded craters on Mars, notably volcanism: The 2012 Goudge study found that volcanism had resurfaced more than 40% of the lake basins investigated, and volcanism was especially active in the Hesperian period.
Still, while we should take the connection to erosion with a grain of salt (or perhaps a drop of salty water), the rainfall study is a delightful romp through Mars's potential past.
References:
Robert A. Craddock and Ralph D. Lorenz. “The Changing Nature of Rainfall During the Early History of Mars.” Icarus. September 1, 2017.
Timothy A. Goudge et al. “An Analysis of Open-Basin Lake Deposits on Mars: Evidence for the Nature of Associated Lacustrine Deposits and Post-Lacustrine Modification Processes.” Icarus. May 2012.
Explore the Red Planet with your own eyes with Sky & Telescope's Mars globes.
There's strong evidence that Russia is hacking Hillary Clinton's allies and handing the private information it steals to WikiLeaks, which promptly makes it public. The goal is to interfere with the US election to help Donald Trump win the presidency or simply to sow chaos that causes Americans to doubt the results.
What hasn't been talked about is that Vladimir Putin has an unwitting ally: the American media, which is helping him accomplish that very task.
It's not enough for WikiLeaks to publish hacked emails. Very few ordinary people actually go through raw data dumps. You need media outlets with wide readerships to disseminate the hacked information and to put politically damaging quotes from and about Clinton into newspaper articles and television broadcasts that reach tens of millions of people. If Russia succeeds in disrupting the US election, then it will have only done so because it had the press as its partner.
“It's not just getting the information; it's getting it distributed and disseminated widely,” Nicholas Weaver, a senior researcher at UC Berkeley's International Computer Science Institute, explains. “One thing I think is important is for press institutions to recognize when they're being used.”
This isn't happening because the American press is pro-Russian. Far from it. Russia is instead playing on the press's incentives, making it so that the US press has little choice but to go along with its plan.
WikiLeaks revealed Democratic National Committee officials plotting to undermine Bernie Sanders's candidacy, revelations that ultimately forced DNC chair Debbie Wasserman Schultz to resign. Emails stolen from Clinton adviser John Podesta, and published by WikiLeaks, revealed excerpts from Clinton's closed-door speeches to big banks, a subject of major controversy in the Democratic primary. In one of those excerpts, which Donald Trump seized on almost immediately, Clinton talked about needing “both a public and a private position” on key policy issues.
These are big-deal news items, and no news organization could afford to ignore them. We at Vox, for example, covered both the DNC and Podesta emails extensively — and would have been remiss not to.
This is how Russia gets us. Once WikiLeaks publishes a trove of newsworthy emails, the press is stuck in a corner: Doing its job will help a hostile foreign power manipulate the American election and arguably even help weaken faith in the press itself.
And that's why Putin's plan is so devilish: He's undermining the credibility of two key American institutions in one go.
How the press is being weaponized
Countries increasingly hack other governments and foreign companies. North Korea, a technological backwater, appears to have hacked Sony Pictures' emails in 2014 as retaliation for making a movie that mocked Kim Jong-un. The information was leaked out in dribbles and, eventually, dumped to WikiLeaks.
The celebrity gossip in the emails deeply embarrassed the company's leadership; even worse were some emails from top executives making racist comments about President Obama. The consequences for the rank-and-file employees were pretty bad, too. More than half of Sony Pictures' staff had their Social Security numbers dumped online.
Both the Sony Pictures hack and the recent Democratic hacks worked by exploiting a key feature of democratic countries: a free and open press. The US could hack Putin's email and release some embarrassing details to the American media, but the strongman could easily prevent the Russian press from publishing any of it.
Putin doesn't have a similar problem with the anti-Clinton information. When you hand over stolen information that's damaging to Hillary Clinton to a radical transparency group that detests Hillary Clinton (because of her relatively hawkish foreign policy), the result is eminently predictable: That information will be published online for the entire world to see.
At that point, journalists really don't have any option but to cover the disclosures.
Journalists can't just ignore information that's in the public interest because the source might be shady. If it's important, true, and valuable for the public to know, then journalists really should be covering it. That's why the New York Times, which resisted publishing information from hacked Sony emails in 2014, ended up covering them once they were made public.
“Is it possible to dismiss the fact that these emails have such tremendous news value? Absolutely not,” Lonnie Isabel, a senior lecturer at Columbia University's School of Journalism, says of the recent Clinton disclosure. “A lot of the decisions that are made for us in the digital age are made simply by disclosure.”
There's also a competition issue. Once WikiLeaks publishes a big document dump, journalistic organizations have to assume that their rivals will cover them too. Nobody wants to be scooped by their competition on something big, so everyone has an incentive to comb through the disclosures and publish whatever they find that they deem newsworthy.
Even after one outfit finds an email, others have a strong incentive to aggregate their discoveries — writing pieces, like the one my colleague Matt Yglesias did on the Clinton speech revelations, explaining or analyzing the newly reported information.
The result, then, is that everything about the profession of journalism inclines reporters to report on the contents of the hacked emails. This is right and good, and exactly what journalists should be doing.
Except that in this case, the normal functioning of journalism is objectively damaging American democracy.
Why the Russian plan is so dangerous for democracy
One of the scariest recent developments in the US election has been Trump's attacks on the legitimacy of the election itself. As Trump's poll numbers have fallen, he has begun warning regularly of dark conspiracies, from unnamed conspirators, aimed at thieving the election from him.
“So important that you watch other communities, because we don't want this election stolen from us,” Trump said at one mid-October rally. “We do not want this election stolen.”
This type of talk is a serious threat to America's open political system. Political scientists who study democratic decline believe that for the system to keep functioning, everybody needs to accept the legitimacy of the basic electoral process, so losers concede once the vote totals come in.
Trump has thrown that into doubt, increasing the likelihood of post-election violence or mass unrest on the part of those who don't believe the result was legitimate.
“By talking preemptively about a ‘rigged system' that may well lead to a ‘stolen election,' Donald Trump is weakening his voters' faith in elections in a way that could prove extremely dangerous,” Shane Bowler, a political scientist at UC Irvine, writes in an essay for Vox.
The press coverage of the WikiLeaks disclosure only fuels that sentiment.
The more we find out about secret actions by the campaign, released only because hackers and WikiLeaks took some initiative, the more it seems like US politics really is a dark conspiracy.
The disclosures bring to light information that makes it seem like the process is fundamentally illegitimate. The emails usually show normal behind-the-scenes maneuvering and activity. Examples include Neera Tanden, head of the ideologically friendly Center for American Progress, emailing the Clinton campaign to talk about coordinating a Supreme Court message, and the full transcripts of three Clinton speeches to Goldman Sachs.
There's nothing illegal or improper in the emails or speeches, but given the sheen of secret information and cynical interpretations from Clinton opponents, it comes across as a secret conspiracy to a lot of Trump supporters.
The press, by signal-boosting these disclosures, makes these accusations more credible to voters who don't really understand that these disclosures, however problematic, don't bear on the fundamental fairness of the November election. They just see plotting and conspiracy.
This appears to be one of Russia's main goals here: to embarrass the United States and undermine the legitimacy of democracy as a system of government. Putin is personally paranoid about the risk of a revolution at home, and wants to limit the US's ability to check his ambitions abroad. Weakening and embarrassing America's political system kills both birds with the same stone.
“A primary objective of Russian actions here is to delegitimize the democratic processes of the United States,” Herb Lin, a senior research scholar at Stanford's Hoover Institution, tells me.
There's a kind of symbiotic relationship with Trump here. Trump says the election is rigged. Trump reads reporting on the WikiLeaks disclosures because they make Clinton look bad — he has literally said “I love WikiLeaks” on the stump. He then cites the disclosures as proof that Clinton is fundamentally corrupt, and only a corrupt system could elect her.
Reporting on this leaked information, however well-intentioned, is helping Trump and Putin cast doubt on the system.
“There's only one candidate right now that's complaining about American democracy,” Lin says. “The most important thing to do is to repudiate the sentiment that the election is gonna be rigged.”
Reporters are hurting themselves — and it's hard for them to stop
Russia's strategy is even more dangerous that it appears. Not only does it undermine democracy using the press but it actually gets the press to undermine itself. And there's not much we can reasonably do about it, either.
Every cybersecurity researcher I spoke to warned that the next step in Russia's strategy is forgeries: that the Russians will give WikiLeaks a lot of hacked information and include in it some fake emails with seemingly damning information. Because this is private correspondence, it's very difficult for reporters to identify as being false. The people who are hacked can deny it, but WikiLeaks will insist it's genuine, creating a kind of “he said, she said” situation where you can't really know who's telling the truth.
There's no evidence Russia has done this in any of the election dumps — yet. But it has before: Foreign Policy's Elias Groll has a good write-up of how documents stolen from philanthropist George Soros's foundation included one note showing Soros's group shoveling hundreds of thousands of dollars to Russian dissident Alexei Navalny. The email was a fake, one designed to discredit Navalny by making him look like a foreign plant.
The Soros email was a poor forgery and was easily caught. But there's no guarantee the Kremlin remains this incompetent in the future.
That's what's so scary for the press. If future docu-dumps contain potentially falsified information, which can't well be verified, we end up in a post-truth world where it's impossible to trust information online. The press may end up unintentionally propagating false information, even if it reports denials by the targets alongside the fake revelations. That undermines its role as societal truth teller and thus the public's already damaged faith in the press's honesty.
“Hacking and misinformation are the death knell,” Isabel, the journalism professor, says. “If we're just constantly following and repeating information we get, then our credibility goes even lower.”
The worst part, though, is that there's almost no way for the press to stop this. Reporters, for reasons we've discussed, have every reason to report on hacked disclosures. We can't hold back on newsworthy information because of the hypothetical fear that one day Russia will end up spinning us into undermining ourselves.
There are checks the press can put up, of course: Be skeptical, don't report things that seem mundane or too outlandish, verify with independent information whenever you can, and publish other pieces on Russia's information warfare strategy. But it's not at all clear that these tactics can counteract the damage hacking and misinformation can do to the credibility of both democracy and the press itself.
The only real, durable solution is to get Russia to knock it off: to somehow persuade the Russians to stop hacking American political actors and dumping their information to WikiLeaks. And that's just not something the press is equipped to do.
On behalf of the Spring Data team I'd like to announce the availability of the second service release of the Spring Data Hopper release train. The release ships 103 issues fixed. We fixed a couple of bugs in the area of repository projections, especially for JPA users and introduce Hibernate 5.2 compatibility with this release (also already back-ported to the Gosling release train for inclusion in the upcoming service release). Hopper SR2 is a recommended upgrade for all Hopper users and also users of previous release trains.
Here are the released modules:
Spring Data Cassandra 1.4.2 - Artifacts - JavaDocs - Documentation - Changelog
Spring Data Commons 1.12.2 - Artifacts - JavaDocs - Documentation - Changelog
Spring Data Couchbase 2.1.2 - Artifacts - JavaDocs - Documentation - Changelog
Spring Data Elasticsearch 2.0.2 - Artifacts - JavaDocs - Documentation - Changelog
Spring Data Envers 1.0.2 - Artifacts - JavaDocs - Documentation
Spring Data Gemfire 1.8.2 - Artifacts - JavaDocs - Documentation - Changelog
Spring Data JPA 1.10.2 - Artifacts - JavaDocs - Documentation - Changelog
Spring Data KeyValue 1.1.2 - Artifacts - JavaDocs - Documentation - Changelog
Spring Data MongoDB 1.9.2 - Artifacts - JavaDocs - Documentation - Changelog
Spring Data Neo4j 4.1.2 - Artifacts - JavaDocs - Documentation - Changelog
Spring Data REST 2.5.2 - Artifacts - JavaDocs - Documentation - Changelog
Spring Data Redis 1.7.2 - Artifacts - JavaDocs - Documentation - Changelog
Spring Data Solr 2.0.2 - Artifacts - JavaDocs - Documentation - Changelog
The release will be included in the upcoming Spring Boot 1.4.0 RC1 release which should make the upgrade a non-issue. If you're using the BOM, make sure you upgrade to Hopper-SR2 .
In case you missed it: a huge chunk of the program for this year's SpringOne Platform conference is already live on the event website. We're going to cover data related topics from a variety of angles. A discounted ticket price is still offered until July 1st, so use the chance to save a couple of bucks (not bugs!) and register.
Volume 21, Number 9—September 2015
THEME ISSUE
Emerging Infections Program
TickNET—A Collaborative Public Health Approach to Tickborne Disease Surveillance and Research
Paul S. Mead , Alison Hinckley, Sarah Hook, and C. Ben Beard
Author affiliations: Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, Fort Collins, Colorado, USA
Cite This Article
Abstract TickNET, a public health network, was created in 2007 to foster greater collaboration between state health departments, academic centers, and the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention on surveillance and prevention of tickborne diseases. Research activities are conducted through the Emerging Infections Program and include laboratory surveys, high-quality prevention trials, and pathogen discovery.
Through their bites, ticks expose humans to a remarkable array of pathologic agents, including neurotoxins, allergens, bacteria, parasites, and viruses. The clinical features of tickborne illness range from mild to life-threatening, and collectively, tickborne diseases constitute a substantial and growing public health problem in the United States. New agents of tickborne disease are described regularly, and known agents are spreading to new areas.
The most common tickborne disease in the United States is Lyme disease, caused by the spirochete Borrelia burgdorferi. With >37,000 cases reported to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) during 2013, Lyme disease ranks fifth among all nationally notifiable conditions (1,2). Less common but potentially serious tickborne infections include anaplasmosis, babesiosis, ehrlichiosis, spotted fever group rickettsioses, and Powassan virus disease (3). Recent reports of US patients infected with Borrelia miyamotoi (4), an Ehrlichia muris–like agent (5), a novel bunyavirus (6), and a putative new genospecies of Borrelia burgdorferi (B. Pritt, pers.com.) all serve to highlight the potential for discovery of novel tickborne pathogens. In addition, several tickborne diseases of unknown etiology have also been described, most notably STARI (southern tick–associated rash illness). Easily confused with early Lyme disease, STARI is a distinct, idiopathic entity associated with bite of the lone star tick, Amblyomma americanum (7,8). This tick species has also been implicated recently as a cause of IgE-mediated hypersensitivity to red meat and certain chemotherapeutic agents (9).
Figure 1
Figure 2
Tickborne diseases pose special challenges for clinicians and public health agencies alike. Although tickborne diseases occur throughout the United States, the distribution of any given disease can be highly focal (Figure 1), and this information must be known and considered by health care providers when assessing patients. In addition, laboratory testing is often limited to serologic assays that require paired samples drawn several weeks apart to confirm recent infection, which complicates the use of laboratory testing for both patient management and public health surveillance. With regard to prevention, tick checks, repellent use, and other personal protective measures, although generally benign and inexpensive, are not especially effective (10). Despite decades of education about these measures, case reports for the more common tickborne diseases continue to increase (Figure 2). Pesticide use can reduce tick abundance (11–13) but has not been proven to reduce tickborne disease in humans (14,15). Lymerix, developed to prevent Lyme disease, is the only vaccine ever licensed in the United States to prevent a tickborne disease in humans, but it was removed from the market during 2003 amidst poor sales and unsubstantiated reports of increased adverse events (16,17).
The Network To foster greater coordination on surveillance, research, education, and prevention of tickborne diseases, CDC established TickNET during 2007. TickNET is a public health network that includes partners from state health departments and academic institutions collaborating through the Emerging Infections Program (EIP), staff of state and local health departments collaborating through the Epidemiology and Laboratory Capacity (ELC) cooperative agreement, and CDC staff in the Division of Vector-Borne Diseases and the Division of Parasitic Diseases and Malaria. We will briefly describe key TickNET projects completed or currently underway. TickNET provides funding to state and local health departments through the ELC cooperative agreement to help sustain and enhance routine surveillance for tickborne diseases. Approximately 18 state and local health departments are funded annually for Lyme disease surveillance, with priority given to states with a reported incidence of Lyme disease greater than the national average and to bordering states where the disease may be spreading. During 2014, an additional 7 state and local health departments received ELC funding to support surveillance for other tickborne diseases. Together with ELC funding for program support, funding through EIP has allowed TickNET partners in Maryland, Minnesota, and New York to undertake special studies to quantify underreported tickborne diseases. These studies include a review of patient charts and codes from the International Classification of Diseases, Ninth Edition, and provide insights into the use of electronic medical records for public health surveillance. Other studies in Massachusetts, Minnesota, and New York are examining ways to streamline the evaluation of positive laboratory reports by using random sampling methods. Results from these and related studies will become available in 2015. During 2008, TickNET partners at EIP sites in Connecticut, Maryland, Minnesota, and New York conducted a survey of commercial, clinical, and state laboratories to evaluate practices and volume of testing for 5 leading tickborne diseases. Collectively, 7 large commercial laboratories reported testing ≈2.4 million patient specimens for evidence of B. burgdorferi infection during 2008, at an estimated cost of $492 million. After correcting for test sensitivity, specificity, and stage of illness, the overall frequency of infection among patients for whom samples were tested was estimated at ≈12%. Applied to the total number of specimens, this percentage yielded an estimated 288,000 true B. burgdorferi infections (range 240,000–444,000) among source patients during 2008 (18). Results of this study will be compared with results of other ongoing CDC studies to estimate the overall frequency of Lyme disease and other tickborne infections in the United States. Frequency is but one measure of the public health importance of a disease. To better quantify the public health burden of tickborne diseases, TickNET EIP partners in Connecticut, Maryland, Minnesota, and New York have undertaken a study to quantify current costs associated with individual cases of Lyme disease. Begun during 2014, the Cost of Lyme Disease study uses a prospective survey design to capture individual and societal costs of Lyme disease, including out-of-pocket medical costs, nonmedical costs, and productivity losses, as well as total direct medical costs to society by using billing codes from enrolled patients' providers. This estimate will be used to guide impact assessments of current and future prevention methods. As an adjunct to personal protective measures such as use of insect repellents, several yard-based interventions have been proposed to reduce tick abundance in the home environment. To assess the efficacy of such interventions in preventing human illness, TickNET sites have insti­tuted a series of studies to evaluate the efficacy of novel and commercially available prevention strategies. One study, a randomized, blinded, placebo-controlled, multi­state trial assessing the effectiveness of acaricide barrier sprays, will cover ≈2,700 households in 3 states, with out­comes measures including tick density on acaricide-treated properties, the number of tick–human encounters, and the number of tickborne diseases in humans. (Study results are forthcoming.) A second study, begun in Connecticut dur­ing 2012, uses a similar design to evaluate the effective­ness of bait boxes that apply fipronil to rodents that are the reservoirs of B. burgdorferi. Used by veterinarians to pre­vent flea and tick infestations on dogs, fipronil kills ticks on the rodents for several weeks and may potentially interrupt the local transmission cycle of B. burgdorferi. This study of 625 enrolled households will be completed during 2016. Recent experience indicates that additional tickborne pathogens are waiting to be discovered. In collaboration with the Tennessee and Minnesota health departments, the Mayo Clinic, and Vanderbilt University, TickNET has recently initiated a study to identify novel agents of tickborne disease. Over the next 3 years, >30,000 clinical specimens from US patients with suspected tickborne diseases will be screened by using high-throughput molecular methods designed to detect bacteria, followed by use of genomic sequencing to characterize detected pathogens. The ultimate goal is to better describe the epidemiologic and laboratory features associated with recognized and novel tickborne pathogens and to guide the development of new diagnostic methods.
Conclusions Although sometimes overlooked, tickborne diseases pose an increasing threat to public health. Factors driving the emergence of tickborne diseases are poorly defined, but current prevention methods are clearly inadequate. Addressing this problem requires a multidisciplinary approach with input of entomologists, epidemiologists, educators, and infectious disease and communications specialists. Built on the pillars of the EIP and the ELC cooperative agreements, TickNET provides a collaborative network that brings together these resources at the federal and state levels to enhance surveillance, improve prevention, and identify new tickborne diseases.
Dr. Mead is a medical epidemiologist with CDC in Fort Collins, CO. His research interests include medical and public health aspects of Lyme disease, plague, tularemia, and other vector-borne diseases.
References
Adams DA , Jajosky RA , Ajani U , Kriseman J , Sharp P , Onwen DH , Summary of notifiable diseases—United States, 2012. MMWR Morb Mortal Wkly Rep . 2014 ; 61 : 1 – 121 . PubMed Centers for Disease Control and Prevention . Notice to readers: final 2013 reports of nationally notifiable infectious diseases. MMWR Morb Mortal Wkly Rep . 2014 ; 63 : 702 . PubMed Chapman AS , Bakken JS , Folk SM , Paddock CD , Bloch KC , Krusell A , Diagnosis and management of tickborne rickettsial diseases: Rocky Mountain spotted fever, ehrlichioses, and anaplasmosis—United States: a practical guide for physicians and other health-care and public health professionals. MMWR Recomm Rep . 2006 ; 55 : 1 – 27 . PubMed Gugliotta JL , Goethert HK , Berardi VP , Telford SR III . Meningoencephalitis from Borrelia miyamotoi in an immunocompromised patient. N Engl J Med . 2013 ; 368 : 240 – 5 . DOI PubMed Pritt BS , Sloan LM , Johnson DK , Munderloh UG , Paskewitz SM , McElroy KM , Emergence of a new pathogenic Ehrlichia species, Wisconsin and Minnesota, 2009. N Engl J Med . 2011 ; 365 : 422 – 9 . DOI PubMed McMullan LK , Folk SM , Kelly AJ , MacNeil A , Goldsmith CS , Metcalfe MG , A new phlebovirus associated with severe febrile illness in Missouri. N Engl J Med . 2012 ; 367 : 834 – 41 . DOI PubMed Wormser GP , Masters E , Liveris D , Nowakowski J , Nadelman RB , Holmgren D , Microbiologic evaluation of patients from Missouri with erythema migrans. Clin Infect Dis . 2005 ; 40 : 423 – 8 . DOI PubMed Wormser GP , Masters E , Nowakowski J , McKenna D , Holmgren D , Ma K , Prospective clinical evaluation of patients from Missouri and New York with erythema migrans-like skin lesions. Clin Infect Dis . 2005 ; 41 : 958 – 65 . DOI PubMed Commins SP , Platts-Mills TA . Tick bites and red meat allergy. Curr Opin Allergy Clin Immunol . 2013 ; 13 : 354 – 9 . DOI PubMed Vázquez M , Muehlenbein C , Cartter M , Hayes EB , Ertel S , Shapiro ED . Effectiveness of personal protective measures to prevent Lyme disease. Emerg Infect Dis . 2008 ; 14 : 210 – 6 . DOI PubMed Hayes EB , Piesman J . How can we prevent Lyme disease? N Engl J Med . 2003 ; 348 : 2424 – 30 . DOI PubMed Piesman J . Strategies for reducing the risk of Lyme borreliosis in North America. Int J Med Microbiol . 2006 ; 296 ( Suppl 40 ): 17 – 22 . DOI PubMed ): Gould LH , Nelson RS , Griffith KS , Hayes EB , Piesman J , Mead PS , Knowledge, attitudes, and behaviors regarding Lyme disease prevention among Connecticut residents, 1999–2004. Vector Borne Zoonotic Dis . 2008 ; 8 : 769 – 76 . DOI PubMed Poland GA . Prevention of Lyme disease: a review of the evidence. Mayo Clin Proc . 2001 ; 76 : 713 – 24 . DOI PubMed Wormser GP . Prevention of Lyme borreliosis. Wien Klin Wochenschr . 2005 ; 117 : 385 – 91 . DOI PubMed Plotkin SA . Correcting a public health fiasco: the need for a new vaccine against Lyme disease. Clin Infect Dis . 2011 ; 52 ( Suppl 3 ): s271 – 5 . DOI PubMed ): Shen AK , Mead PS , Beard CB . The Lyme disease vaccine—a public health perspective. Clin Infect Dis . 2011 ; 52 ( Suppl 3 ): s247 – 52 . DOI PubMed ): Hinckley AF , Connally NP , Meek JI , Johnson BJ , Kemperman MM , Feldman KA , Lyme disease testing by large commercial laboratories in the United States. Clin Infect Dis . 2014 ; 59 : 676 – 81 . DOI PubMed
Figures
Table of Contents – Volume 21, Number 9—September 2015
Building a brand is one of the most important things you can do as an entrepreneur, and as a business. A brand is how you and your company are seen by your peers, competition, and teammates. Today we're talking about how to build a brand that will last.
Consistency is the key to building a lasting brand. Everything you do should reflect the image that you're trying to build up around yourself and your company. For Hiten, it's being known as the most generous founder in Silicone Valley. This is the guiding light for almost everything he does in his business and with those around him.
What's really meta about this consistent brand building is that it further reinforces the actions and behaviors in yourself. Doing the same things over and over, will continually mold your character in the image of this day to day actions.
To an extent your brand is who you are, and you can't escape your essence. However, what makes a great personal brand knows yourself well enough to be true to those values, but also finding out what drives you.
Don't ask yourself if something is going to be enough. Find out what will be true to you, and do more of that every day. Be unique, be special, and focus on reinforcing your brand every day.
A brand doesn't have to mean having a large following. Don't confuse brand with audience. Building up an audience will be the direct result of being true to your brand and doing the things every day that are a reflection of who you are. Both Hiten and Steli started out from scratch, and now just a few years later are very well known for being exactly who they are. This is because they've been true to themselves and grown that personal brand consistently over time.
Today's Tips
Hiten: Start thinking about your brand today. Brands are what stands out in today's world, and without a well defined brand it's tough for you to rise above the noise.
Steli: Think very long term, think Legacy instead of brand. Where do you want to be and how do you want to seen in 30 years? What will they write on your tombstone?
Let's continue this discussion. If you're not already in our Facebook group, head over to thestartupchat.com/fb to join. Let us know how you're limiting your wasted time, and keeping other people from wasting your time.
Want to get a daily dose of motivation from Steli? Have a one-minute Steli video delivered to your email each day by signing up here. You'll get a powerful 60 seconds of motivation, an inspiring quote and a quick action item to crush your day!
We would like your email address at The Startup Chat because we will be sharing some special podcast episodes and other things with the people who are only on our email list. Click the link above to and fill out the email address box to become part of the community.
As always, you can hit us up on Twitter @Steli or @hnshah, #thestartupchat. Let us know where you get your motivation.
Want Steli & Hiten to record more episodes of The Startup Chat?
Help us promote the podcast by subscribing on iTunes and writing a review! After you've published your review, send us an email with your mailing address. You'll get Steli's book The Ultimate Startup Guide to Outbound Sales + a free 15 minute call with either Hiten or Steli to talk about your business (limited availability; first come, first served). Click here to make it happen!
So, as discussed in the previous post, I wanted to talk about something we're going to frequently encounter on the ladder. His name? Frustration, Mechaz0r. Mechaz0r at first seems like a super neat idea, it requires 5 cards to be complete, and then you win the game!
Sound familiar?
Hmm…This isn't Duelyst is it?
No, it's not Duelyst, but there's if you recall the discussion about when minions become answer or die, or else you lose the game, there is a very specific minion in the game that is extremely similar to that, except you can see it coming a mile away.
This slideshow requires JavaScript.
For Mechaz0r to be built, it requires 5 of any combination of the following cards:
1 mana – Helm of Mechaz0r
2 mana – Wings of Mechaz0r
3 manas – Cannon of Mechaz0r
3 manas – Sword of Mechaz0r
4 mana – Chasis of Mechaz0r
With the exception of Helm of Mechazor, they all have innate abilities as well as progressing mechaz0r's “birth” by 20% each time any one is played. It doesn't matter if duplicates are played – they still progress to the mechaz0r.
1 mana – Helm of Mechaz0r –
2 mana – Wings of Mechaz0r -Airdrop (can be dropped anwyhere on the field)
3 manas – Cannon of Mechaz0r – Ranged (can reach anywhere on the field with attack without moving)
3 manas – Sword of Mechaz0r Frenzy (adjacent and diagonal tiles can all be targetted at once)
4 mana – Chasis of Mechaz0r(Cannot be targeted by spells)*
*Area of Effect spells not included
So what's the big deal with this? Oh, well it's just a card that's 8 health, 8 attack, and receives all of the innate abilities and is played for 0 manas once mechaz0r reaches 100% completion.
the forbidden one
So game over, right? The game has an internal clock that just determines that if you don't win by the time the opponent gets out this card, you just lose, right?
No – that's not the case, and that's where the meta comes in. There's a 3 attack, 3 health minion that costs 3 manas.
It's value is 3. That's right, it's only 3. Using our algorithms, this card falls very very flat on it's face when you compare the fact that our most basic card Windblade Adept has a value of 4 when zealed – which it should always be.
the main offender
I'm sure you can see where this is going, and that will be continued in the next article. But for now, know that Crossbones is a hard counter to Mechaz0r, and depending on the meta you decide on whether or not to play him.
Correction credits:
Boronian1
remoqaz
Summary:
There is a controversial “1-2-3-4-5” you-win in Duelyst that largely ignores the other elements of the game.
There is a hard counter that fails our algorithm test – Crossbones, that can instantly destroy a Mechaz0r with its Opening Gambit
Including Crossbones (a card that using our previous expressions to calculate value, the card would falsely appear to be useless.) in your deck depends on the meta – which is how many players are deciding to play the game this way (mechaz0r)
PS: If you guys could let me know about the length of each article (too long? too short?) I would greatly appreciate the feedback.
Advertisements
Share this: Twitter
Facebook
Google
Like this: Like Loading... Related
Back in 2014, New Orleans band The Deslondes released their self-titled debut The Deslondes to fairly widespread critical acclaim. It blended psychedelic guitars with banjos on some songs, took on a more rock 'n' roll sound for others, but no musical element ever seems out of place. By doing this, The Deslondes established themselves as a band capable of highlighting the complexities of the music genres without too much disrespect. They created something that revived and respected the old while also innovating it for a more 21st century Bandcamp audience.
So it makes sense that their new album, Hurry Home, follows much the same trajectory. The self-described Americana band takes Woodie Guthrie-inspired folk techniques and blends it with harder riffs and psychedelic rock. The Deslondes have found a comfortable sound to create art in, and it serves them well.
Hurry Home is out Friday, June 23 on New West Records.
One of the first mistakes developers make when handling their own PR is emailing everyone under the sun who writes about games in any capacity. While initially that may seem like a good idea—I see you writing comments like “Isn't that what you guys do?!”—writers are busy, and a generic pitch that isn't in line with what they cover is a surefire way to get Marked As Spam and disappear from their inbox forever.
Proper pitch targeting is as simple as finding people who write about games like yours and contacting them, but there's a lot more to it than that.
Determine Who You Are
The initial part of this is easy: What platform do you work on and what are you making, or what have you made for said platform?
For example, pushing a PC-exclusive title can eliminate all the Mac sites and all the sites that are console-exclusive, meaning that's thousands of people you don't have to talk to. Pushing, say, an RPG means you can cut out all the FPS-only sites, the MMO sites, and all the sites with a focus on non-RPG genres. Your to-do list is already significantly smaller.
The second step is determining your identity as a company, which gives you a company voice and style in writing your releases; the tone of your pitches may also need to vary based on the press you're targeting. Big companies tend to sound very boring and staid because their releases and materials go through 10+ people for approvals–I'm not exaggerating: I still have a chart of the approval process at one of the bigger companies I worked for and, yes, it needed a chart–and come out very bland and corporate.
Smaller companies have a little bit more freedom and flexibility with their voice, but also have the burden of having to win writers over. While Blizzard and Capcom may merit news posts about “Blizzard and Capcom are going to announce something that we don't know what it is at PAX East!” we find smaller, lesser-known companies struggle to get attention with “Here's our complete game that we made ourselves,” particularly if their press communications are boring or poorly written.
For example, our “voice” as an agency is very casual and informal. I've been known to include vaguely relevant Monty Python videos or talk about how grateful we all are for the upcoming weekend rather than stick to a deeply formal voice. Importantly, this isn't a put-on. We don't workshop it or critique each other's causal posts for maximum casual. That's our personalities and we express ourselves that way in our releases and pretty much everything we do.
Using a casual voice is often quite useful in humanizing you and your company to the media and your audience. However, if your pitch is too casual and chummy, you might come across as unprofessional – generally a no-no when pitching big outlets – while a boring or stiff announcement from an unknown company might alienate a YouTube personality who isn't quite prepared to read five paragraphs about your business' achievements. In fact, we specifically include bullets at the top of our press releases with the quick and dirty details expressly for people that don't have time to read a wall of words.
Here's some advice on finding your written voice.
Determine What You're Sending and Who to Talk To
Before contacting press, determine what you're sending, as that will influence who you'll reach out to.
It's important to remember that media get hundreds of emails a day – many from developers or publishers or agencies looking for coverage – so if you're sending pitches to the wrong people, your efforts are likely going to waste.
A simple press release, for example, may need to go to a news@ or tips@-type email address, where the site's multiple news writers rummage through it, looking for the news gems of the day. Emailing a publication's features editor with a news release they don't want is a good way to annoy him or her, meaning you don't get your news posted and you may not be able to get a feature posted when you come calling down the road.
Screenshots, videos and other media assets may go to a distinct and separate asset-drop email address rather than the news staff or news@ address, as different teams handle those for some sites. With that said, a release targeted to someone who is interested in the game is much more likely to be successful than one filling up a news@ inbox, since you'll be competing with literally everyone with news going out that day. As mentioned earlier, while Blizzard and Capcom may merit instant pickup, on a busy news day, you may not. A personalized pitch is much more effective than any blast will ever be.
Sending review and preview builds or code may go to an entirely different editor or may go to the editor-in-chief or equivalent for handing out to the writing staff, though if you know a writer fancies your sort of game, it can't hurt to contact them directly.
To begin building your outreach list, start checking potential sites and narrow it down based on that self-profile you created earlier. The ideal find is a masthead, listing everyone on staff with their titles or beats as well as their contact information. Some sites may have their contact information on an About page, but resist the temptation to blast everyone. For sites that covered your previous titles, it's fairly easy to figure out who to focus on, but for new games, find who has been covering similar games and start with them.
Sometimes, reviewers/writers with an unofficial beat have them because that's what they get assigned. Sometimes, it's the area they are deeply passionate about and they'll be interested in hearing about new ones.
Let me give an example from our work. A client asks us to find an outlet interested in an interview with them for an upcoming real-time strategy game sequel.
The first thing I did was go to the major news sites and find out who had covered the first installment. Of those, I found a couple writers who really enjoyed the first installment, so I've already cut down my list of potentials to two really good potential contacts.
The next thing I did was round up those who'd covered the first game if not passionately, then extensively. If they posted a lot of the press releases, nominated it for awards, and otherwise knew the game existed, they went in the next “tier” to approach.
The third level of people to approach would be writers and sites that posted a couple of releases or otherwise covered the first installment in some way. Maybe they weren't huge fans of the series, but they'd be basically familiar with it and know it existed.
Finally, there's everyone else that covers that particular platform. While there's some opportunity here for coverage, because of the writers' unfamiliarity with this game or genre, they would require a deeper introduction. That's not to say hold off on pursuing them, but we've found coverage from one outlet or a handful of outlets builds a sense of momentum around a game, making it easier to get increasing coverage on a title as that sense of legitimacy builds.
As your time is short, it makes sense to focus on the people who are familiar with your style of game and can help you the most, then branch out into other people who cover the platform and might be interested. Making sure to send the right things–from assets to press releases–to the right people also increases your chance of success.
For games without an existing audience or an easy comparison, things are a little more tricky and require a bit more work. In that instance, it's worth starting from the platform level and writing to press that cover your platform with an introduction of yourself and your project well before you actually want coverage.
For that, we like to put together a summary of the game, about a paragraph-long description of what it is. Think of the text that would go on the back of a game box. It's also tremendously helpful to include evidence your game actually exists, like video footage of gameplay or other extensive documentation that your project is more than a great idea.
Be warned that a game that's hard to describe is going to face a much tougher press reception than one with easily-mapped precursors. Innovation is one of those things everyone says they want, but if it doesn't fit the high-concept “It's like [title] but with [feature]”, much more time and explanation is required and some people just shut down if it doesn't fit in their pre-existing idea matrix.
For games that are that hard to explain, a gameplay demo or video is critical. No matter the eloquence of your ideas or rhapsodizing about your concept, a 1 minute gameplay video or short slice-of-gameplay demo can save you days and days of back and forth emails. Consider offering guided tours of the game via either streaming services like Twitch.tv or desktop sharing programs like Skype. These will benefit the press and may even draw curious onlookers that can become customers.
The Brutal Truth About Indie vs. AAA
Part of the targeting process is also audience targeting, not just editor targeting.
Indie developers can get a little starry-eyed imagining that big feature hitting on IGN or GameSpot… something happens here… instant success assured, but the truth of the matter is an unknown indie dev or a more-casual game is going to be hard to place on the bigger sites because they have their own audiences to consider and their audiences have their own tastes.
We have many examples of games where we've gotten great coverage at big-name sites, but because it's not the kind of game their audience will care about, it results in just a few clicks to the game and no sales. By contrast, we've seen YouTubers with a few thousand subscribers drive hundreds and even thousands of sales because an obscure, niche, indie game is exactly the reason a lot of their audience tunes in.
Even if you can clear the inbox blockade and make an editor fall in love with your indie title, the audience for their site just may not care. A very mainstream site is going to have gamers that lean towards the mainstream. Making a quirky FPS with retro graphics? They may just compare it to Call of Duty, roll their eyes and move on. Making a small, budget RPG with 20 hours of gameplay and some rough edges? They'll see it's not Mass Effect 4 and move on. Then there are games like Facebook games and mobile games where the audience isn't the usual gamer crowd, so sites are indifferent and their audiences doubly so. Writing about a browser game — even a really good browser game — or a free-to-play game instantly turns off a significant chunk of their audience, even if the game itself is excellent.
Interestingly, a lot of our clients have specifically asked us to focus on sending things as widely as possible rather than working on a “home run”-style exclusive with a bigger site. While a front-page post on a top-tier site may impress executives and investors, the developers we work with that focus more on results than prestige are finding success by working with everyone interested in their game rather than lobbying indifferent but larger sites, even if that means working with YouTubers and streamers and 100 smaller sites rather than 10 big ones. We work with several people that have a Gmail address, a YouTube channel, and maybe a Twitter account, but they have, time and again, driven thousands of dollars in sales while a well-placed article on a major site resulted in only a handful of clicks.
PR Is About Relationships
At its core, PR is about building relationships. When you hire us, or any good PR agency, you're not hiring a massive database of everyone who writes about video games where we mindlessly send out press releases. What you're paying for is our knowledge that Destructoid likes this and GameSpot prefers things this way and the news people at Polygon like things done this way while GamesRadar wants things broken down like this.
The gaming press has changed from the days when a massive cc'd generic email would get plenty of coverage. Some sites are only interested in video content; some sites will post screenshots in a generic gallery but won't promote them at all; some specialty sites only cover particular genres or titles; and some sites don't care how many press releases you send them, they write about what they want when they want.
As you begin sending out emails and talking to people at conventions and shows, you'll begin accumulating this body of knowledge about who likes what and where to send particular things. If a writer has their AIM address or Skype info in their signature, feel free to add them for quick questions or requests. Don't abuse it, but use it if you occasionally need to talk to them outside of crowded inboxes.
Twitter is a godsend for PR, both professionals like us and anyone trying to do it themselves. It provides real-time insight into what people are writing about, what issues are hot, and even which writers are looking for new games to play. They will not send out a mass email to their industry contacts asking for a new game to play–which would make all of our lives easier–but they will ask the Twitter masses what they should play this weekend.
Where Twitter helps PR people–be they professional or the guy who drew the short straw at the studio–is that it makes us more human and more interesting and less “that annoying relative that only calls when they want something.” Part of the reason my Twitter feed is a barrage of baseball news and gaming stuff (even, gasp horror, non-client games) is because that's what I'm genuinely interested in. While it's less professional-looking than a feed that focuses entirely on client news, it's considerably more human, and people want to talk to people that share their interests and appear human.
Overall, our job (or yours, if you're undertaking your own PR) is all about knowing people and what they want, building a relationship that's mutually beneficial and minimally annoying. No matter how great your game is, remember that it will take a lot of time and a commitment to doing things right – from interacting with press to developing games they love – to raise your company's profile to the point where every pitch you send out will earn a response, or for media to come to you for coverage. It may take months or years. It may never happen. There are guys we work with and like (and like us!) that we talk to only at shows because otherwise they are drowning in a sea of email.
There's no sure-fire way to secure media coverage, and it's exceedingly rare for an unknown developer to rise to fame with their first game. Realize that you're in it for the long haul and accept that it may be difficult at times. Keep making good games, keep building relationships and don't burn bridges, and soon enough success will come.
TLDR Tips
The workers have come up with a four-point charter of demands that includes a call for fixing minimum wages for boatmen at Tk 10,000.
Bangladesh Water Transport Workers' Federation (BWTWF) President Md Shah Alam Bhuiyan on Tuesday told bdnews24.com the indefinite strike called by the Water Transport Workers' Sangram Parishad began at midnight on Monday across the country.
“We demand a fixing of the minimum wage at Tk 10,000, refixing of the rate of compensation for workers killed in accidents, steps to prevent theft, terrorism and extortion and preservation of the rivers' navigability."
As many as 17 waterways workers' organisations have lent their support to the strike, Alam said.
He said that when the workers went on strike in January, the government had declared making their minimum wages at par with the national pay scale within 30 working days.
“When workers went on a countrywide strike on April 20, six days into the strike, Shipping Minister Shajahan Khan had assured minimum wages of Tk 10,000. Both promises are yet to be kept," he added.
Since the demands of oil ferrying waterways workers has been met, they have kept away from Tuesday's strike, he further informed, and added that all other workers numbering about 200,000 are participating in the strike.
It may be mentioned here that instead of going for a hike in wages as promised after the strike in April, the vessel owners' body had moved court against the decision.
Bangladesh Cargo Vessel Owners' Association Vice-President Khorshed Alom said that fixing the wages is under the jurisdiction of the labour ministry.
“We cannot pay what the shipping minister promised and so we have moved court. There is no legal basis for the workers going on strike," he said.
Chittagong
Meanwhile, all waterways traffic on the Chittagong port will remain closed as the workers of all kind of lighter ships and passenger launches have decided to extend support to the Water Transport Workers' Oikya Parishad strike.
The workers here have lent support since the start of the strike Monday midnight.
Food and other cargo that had been unloaded from mother vassals to lighter smaller ships lie stranded at the port.
Water Transport Workers Sangram Parishad Convenor Wajul Islam told bdnews24.com that they have joined the strike to push for the four-point charter of demands.
He said that the oil ferrying workers have decided to stay away from the strike because their salaries were hiked by the owners.
Islam said that all lighter and passenger ferries from the port are suspended due to the strike.
“No proposal for negotiations has reached us yet so the strike will continue," he added.
Chandpur
The district's Water Transport Workers Sangram Parishad Convenor Md Biplob Sarkar said that the four-point charter has been a demand they had been making for a long time.
“The strike will continue until the demands are met," he said.
Munshiganj
Although all long distance launches from the district are not operating due to the strike, launch services on Munshiganj-Narayanganj and Shimulia-Kewrakandi routes are functional.
Many long distance travellers, who had no prior idea of the strike, have had to face inconvenience due to that.
Munshiganj terminal lessee and launch owner Dil Mohammad said that short distance workers do not have such demands and so their launches are operating.
Shimulia-Kewrakandi route launch owner Iqbal Hossain also said that workers on this route do not have pay issues.
Launch ML Mukul's pilot Md Jamal Hossain said he had nothing to comment on about the strikers' demands. He said he received his daily wages of Tk 400 regularly and had no complaints.
[Reporting by Staff Correspondent, Chittagong Bureau and Chandpur, Munshiganj and Dohar-Nawabganj correspondents]
If you're a regular reader of TSA you'll know about worryingly good Nathan Drake look-a-like Kev Adsett, he's a massive Uncharted fan and – as you'll see below – rather good at interviews too. He spoke to Naughty Dog last week, chatting about their latest game, playing other games and the PlayStation Vita.
It really is very interesting stuff, particularly hearing about the Uncharted 3's online pass from Naughty Dog's perspective, so I'll pass you over to Kev as he chats to Justin Richmond and Arne Meyer.
Kev Adsett: I'm here with Naughty Dog's Justin Richmond (game director) and Arne Meyer (community strategist); Justin, Arne, Hi!
Both: Hello.
KA: We're about to embark on Drake's third PS3 adventure. When making the game, were there any lessons that you've learnt from the previous two games that you implemented here?
Justin Richmond: Sure, I mean, we never want to make the same mistakes twice, right? We'll make a whole bunch of new mistakes, but we're not gonna make the same ones again. So when we looked at Uncharted 2, it was an amazing game and I think it still stands up, but one of the comments people said was that they felt there was a little too much gunfire at the end of the game.
We did a couple of things to combat that: we added a whole new melee system into the game so now you can fight multiple guys at the same time, bar brawl-style stuff. Putting that allows us to have more different types of interactions with the enemies, so that was one way to combat that. We also added in a whole new style of puzzle to this game. The puzzles in Uncharted 1 and 2 were basically “open the journal, here's the answer, implement that in the world” but this time we actually make you think, and we put some stuff in there that makes you go “Oh! I've actually gotta figure this out”. Both those things, I think, combined, were a big deal.
We also looked at the pacing, trying to make sure it feels like you aren't ever in one place for too long, and the pace goes up and down throughout the entire game instead of spiking in certain spots and then completely falling off. We tried to bring the up and down moments into closer cohesion with the gameplay so you feel like you're on this adventure even more than last time.
Another thing we learnt was that the harder stuff you should start early! The earlier you can get onto the cargo plane or the cruise ship in this game, the better off you are. It's still really hard to do, but yeah.
KA: I noticed you mentioned the combat, and how you can now fight multiple opponents. Do you look to any other games when you're developing combat systems, for inspiration and the like?
JR: Sure, we played every brawler out there. We played Batman, we played God of War. I mean, we'd already all played these games, but we definitely look at what people thought of them, and what things we thought were fun and successful and then tried to take the lessons from those other games. We never want to reinvent the wheel if we don't have to.
Our design goal was to make something that's really fluid and fun, that anybody can pick up and play, and isn't too complex, and so to try to do that and still make the game feel fun was one of the lessons we learnt from Uncharted 2. You want anybody to be able to pick it up, but a master to be able to do deeper stuff, and so it's the same thing in the melee system.
KA: Great stuff. All the Uncharted games have been huge in terms of storyline and performance, and obviously all-importantly, the emotional attachment you have with the characters and the involvement there. What are the challenges, particularly for this medium, in bringing that level of emotional detail to the game?
JR: I think it's really hard to make people care about your characters in any medium, let alone videogames. In videogames, it's hard because you have interactivity, right? You have to allow the player to play! You can't just force them into scenarios or force them into certain things without it feeling false or stupid, so we try to keep you in control as much as possible to make you feel like you really are playing as Nathan Drake.
Other than that, Amy Hennig, our creative director is a really good writer and she writes characters that are interesting and believable. When you get that combined with us trying to meld the gameplay into the story as much as possible, really interweaving the story with the gameplay, you get a really good result, but I do think it's hard to create interesting characters that people want to know about, just in general, and I think we're very lucky to work with the people that we do, to bring that to life.
[drop]: Yeah, I think something Uncharted particularly does really well is the seamless integration from cut scene to in-game. I know some games suffer from a little loading time in between those things, and Uncharted definitely crosses that barrier.
JR: Yeah we definitely spent a lot of time on our technology trying to prevent that from happening. You know, there are no load screens anywhere in the game – you load once at the beginning and that's it, and that's always the way it's been in Uncharted. It's super-important for us to maintain that, and it's really difficult to do!
Sometimes we're just like “dammit, just get a load screen, it'd be awesome”, but you know one thing people don't realise is that we're not actually loading under our cut scenes. People think we're loading levels behind there, but we're not. The level of fidelity we want from our cut scenes is so high that we can't afford to do anything other than play off the disk, so when you finish a level, you actually already have the next level in memory, so even if you skip the cut scene, you can still play. It's all those little tiny things that we take into account.
Arne Meyer: What was that thing you were saying earlier too about our IGCs? We're taking control away from the player, but we're trying to do it in such a way that you don't even realise when control is back.
JR: Yeah yeah, we wanna make it feel like “Oh! Wow”
KA: Yeah I was going to mention that actually, I was playing Uncharted 2 earlier, in preparation for this, and there's the scene in Nepal where the truck is chasing after you, and suddenly it's up to you to run away now, and it's exactly that “oh it's me now!” moment.
JR: Yeah exactly, and there are a bunch of moments like that in this game too where it's like “oh, woah I've gotta go!” so yeah there's plenty of that kind of thing, for sure.
Bigger Crowds Through Noodles
If you live in Vancouver, or Burnaby, you probably know of Anton's. It's an Italian restaurant with out-of-date decor and entirely mediocre food. However, they offer enormous portions. A typical meal there will set you up with leftovers for two or three subsequent meals.
As a result of their portion sizes (few seem to realize how inexpensive noodles are), many talk about Anton's. This results in a lot of people making the trek to this restaurant. There's almost always a crowd of eager patrons waiting to get in. In my many years living in this neighborhood, I've only once seen the restaurant without a line, out front.
Anton's got people talking by offering gigantic meals. After that, the line did most of the work for them. Anyone walking by sees that line and assumes that all those waiting can't be wrong.
I figure this all relates to some sort of instinctive mechanism that helped us evolve. At some point, we learned to trust in numbers. Specifically: if no one is at the watering hole, the water must be contaminated. However, if there's a crowd, one can reasonably assume the source is safe.
So, let's get back to you and what you made. What's the one crazy thing (like making your portions 3 times larger than everyone else's) you can do to grow a crowd? Because once you have, the crowd will attract others without you needing to say a word.
Sharing options
Sign up to receive new articles by email:
Email *
There's no charge to subscribe, no spam, and I won't sell your contact information. You can unsubscribe from this list at any time, with one click.
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports. The news and stories that matter, delivered weekday mornings.
Sep. 15, 2016, 9:59 PM GMT / Updated Sep. 16, 2016, 12:18 PM GMT By Pete Williams
The U.S. House intelligence committee on Thursday unanimously approved a blistering report on the activities of Edward Snowden, saying his disclosures of top-secret documents and programs did "tremendous damage" to national security.
"The public narrative popularized by Snowden and his allies is rife with falsehoods, exaggerations, and crucial omissions," said the report by staff members of the House Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence.
The report comes amid a renewed push by Snowden's supporters, who urged President Obama this week to pardon him before the president leaves office.
Edward Snowden speaks during an interview in Hong Kong. Snowden, a 29-year-old former technical assistant for the CIA, revealed details of top-secret surveillance conducted by the United States' National Security Agency regarding telecom data. The Guardian via Getty Images
And a largely favorable movie about Snowden, directed by Oliver Stone, is now in theaters.
Snowden said Wednesday that he would return to the U.S. if he thought he could get a fair trial. But he said federal espionage laws do not recognize a defense of acting in the public interest or as a whistleblower.
Contrary to Snowden's statements that he intended to reveal programs that intruded on the privacy of Americans, the House report concluded that the vast majority of the 1.5 million documents he stole "have nothing to do with programs impacting individual privacy interests. They instead pertain to military, defense, and intelligence programs of great interest to America's adversaries."
Related: Edward Snowden's Motive Revealed: He Can 'Sleep at Night'
Snowden, a former contractor working for the National Security Agency, left the U.S. in May 2013 with a trove of NSA documents that he began passing along to reporters. His disclosures led Congress to eliminate a program that allowed the NSA to store the numbers dialed by U.S. telephone customers.
Blocked later from traveling when the U.S. revoked his passport, Snowden has been living in Russia since shortly after he left.
The report said Snowden did not, as he claimed, try to express his concerns about potentially illegal intelligence gathering in a way that would qualify him as a whistleblower.
"The Committee found no evidence that Snowden took any official effort to express concerns about U.S. intelligence activities — legal, moral, or otherwise — to any oversight officials within the U.S. government, despite numerous avenues for him to do so."
Two weeks before he began to download classified documents at an NSA installation in Hawaii, the report said, he was reprimanded after "engaging in a workplace spat" with managers. And he was repeatedly counseled regarding his behavior at work, it said.
While he has claimed that statements made by U.S. intelligence official James Clapper at a March 2013 congressional hearing amounted to a "breaking point" for him, the report said Snowden began to download classified documents eight months earlier.
Snowden's ACLU-provided attorney, Ben Wizner, disputed the report.
“This is a dishonest report that attempts to discredit a genuine American hero," said Wizner. "But after years of ‘investigation,' the committee still can't point to any remotely credible evidence that Snowden's disclosures caused harm."
He added, "The truth is that Edward Snowden and the journalists with whom he worked did the job that the House Intelligence Committee was supposed to do: bring meaningful oversight to the U.S. intelligence community. The did so responsibly and carefully, and their efforts have led to historic reforms."
Can you imagine losing your home over a $68 dental bill? That's what happened to one Utah woman.
Sonya Capri Ramos (center) and her four children. (Courtesy of Sonya Capri Ramos)
Sonya Capri Ramos says her Salt Lake City home was sold out from under her in 1996 to pay a collections agency seeking payment for dental work performed on one of Ramos's daughters. And despite the fact that she had made three years of payments on a $51,000 mortgage, the title changed hands for just $1,550 at a sheriff's auction.
But the story doesn't end there: Ramos, 41, said she didn't find out that her home no longer belonged to her until two years after the sale. To date, she hasn't moved out.
Instead, she said she continues to make mortgage payments on the home and is fighting what has become a decade-long legal battle to reclaim ownership.
[Via - ABCNews.Com]
Wacky Records - Woman Spends 3 Days In Walmart
Stupid Shit People ACTUALLY Put On Their Resumes
Awesome Cappuchino Art
5 Coolest Beer Records
Stupid Shit People ACTUALLY Put On Their Resumes
A behavior modification facility (or youth residential program) is a residential educational and treatment institution enrolling adolescents who are perceived as displaying antisocial behavior, in an attempt to alter their conduct. As of 2008 there were about 650 nongovernmental, residential programs in the United States offering treatment services for adolescents.[1] Some similar institutions are operated as components of governmental education or correctional systems.
Methodologies used in such programs [ edit ]
Practices and service quality in such program vary greatly. The behavior modification methodologies used vary, but a combination of positive and negative reinforcement is typically used.[2] Often these methods are delivered in a contingency management format such as a point system or level system.[3] Such methodology has been found to be highly effective in the treatment of disruptive disorders (see meta-analysis of Chen & Ma (2007).[4]
Positive reinforcement mechanisms include points, rewards and signs of status,[5] while punishment procedures may include time-outs,[6] point deductions, reversal of status, prolonged stays at a facility, physical restraint, or even corporal punishment. Research showed that time out length was not a factor and suggestions were made to limit time out to five minute durations.[6] A newer approach uses graduated sanctions.[7] Staff appear easily trained in behavioral intervention, such training is maintained and does lead to improved consumer outcomes, as well as reduce turn over.[8] More restrictive punishment procedures in general are less appealing to staff and administrators.[9]
Behavioral programs were found to lessen the need for medication [10] Several studies have found that gains made in residential treatment programs are maintained from 1–5 years post discharge.[11] Therapeutic boarding schools are boarding schools based on the therapeutic community model that offers an educational program together with specialized structure and supervision for students with emotional and behavioral problems, substance abuse problems, or learning difficulties. Some schools are accredited as Residential treatment centers. [4][5]
Behavioral residential treatment became so popular in the 1970s and 1980s that a journal was formed called "Behavioral residential Treatment", which later changed its name to "Behavioral Intervention." Behavioral Intervention continues to be published today.
History [ edit ]
In the late 1960s, behavior modification or practice referred to as applied behavior analysis began to move rapidly into residential treatment facilities.[12][13] The goal was to redesign the behavioral architecture around delinquent teens to lessen chances of recidivism[14] and improve academics [15] Harold Cohen and James Filipczak (1971) published a book hailing the successes of such programs in doubling learning rates and reducing recidivism.[16] This book even contained an introduction from the leading behaviorist at the time, B.F. Skinner hailing the achievements. Independent analysis of multiple sites with thousands of adolescents found behavior modification to be more effective than treatment as usual, a therapeutic milieu, and as effective as more psychologically intense programs such as transactional analysis with better outcomes on behavioral measures;[17] however, these authors found that behavior modification was more prone to leading to poor relationships with the clients.[18] Over time interest faded in Cohen's CASE project [19] Other studies found that in proper supervision of staff in behavior modification facilities could lead to greater use of punishment procedures.[20]
Under the leadership of Montrose Wolf, Achievement place, the first Teaching Family Home became the prototype for behavioral programs.[21] Achievement place opened in 1967. Each home has from 6-8 boys in it with two "parents" trained in behavior modification principles. The token system for the program was divided into 3 levels. Outcome studies have found that Achievement place and other teaching family homes reduce recidivism and increase pro-social behavior, as well as self-esteem.[22][23] While initial research suggested the effects of the program only lasted for one year post discharge, recent review of the data suggests the program lasts longer in effect.[24]
Gradually, behavior modification /applied behavior analysis within the penal system including residential facilities for delinquent youth lost popularity in the 1970s-1980s due to a large number of abuses (see Cautilli & Weinberg (2007) [25]), but recent trends in the increase in U.S. crime and recent focus on reduction of recidivism have given such programs a second look [6].[26][27] Indeed, because of societal needs the number of youth residential facilities has grown over recent years to close to 39,950 in 2000.[28] The use of functional analysis has been shown to be teachable to staff and able to reduce use of punishment procedures.[29] Rutherford's (2009) review from interviews and archival materials documents the decline from treatment of behavior analysis with criminal justice populations.[19]
Some model programs [ edit ]
While boot camp type programs have not been shown to be successful, largely because they represent punishment devoid of context (unlike in the military, where passing boot camp initiates one into the service),[30] programs such as teaching family homes based on the Teaching-Family Model have been extensively researched and show positive gains. Research shows that they can be used to reduce delinquency while adolescents are in the home and post release {see Kingsley (2006) [31]}. In general, these types of programs take a behavioral engineering approach to reducing problem behavior and building skills.
In general, behavior modification programs that are used in facilities or in the natural environment have the largest effect size and lead to an estimated 15% reduction in recidivism.[32] While this reduction appears to be modest, it holds potention in the U.S. given the large number of people in the prison system. Increasingly behavior modification models based on the principles of applied behavior analysis are being developed to model and reduce delinquency[33]
Controversy [ edit ]
This industry is not without controversy, however. The U.S. Surgeon General (1999) discussed the need to clarify admission criteria to residential treatment programs.[34] Included in the same report was the call for more updated research as most of the residential research had been completed in the 1960s and 1970s.[34][dead link]. Disability rights organizations, such as the Bazelon Center for Mental Health Law, oppose placement in such programs and call into question the appropriateness and efficacy of such group placements, the failure of such programs to address problems in the child's home and community environment, the limited or no mental health services offered and substandard educational programs.
Bazelon promotes community-based services on the basis that it considers more effective and less costly than residential placement.[35] While the behavior modification programs can be delivered as easily in residential programs as in community-based programs [36][37] overall community-based programs continue to lack empirical support especially with respect to long term outcomes for severe cases [38] with the notable exception of Hinckley and Ellis (1985).[39] Even with this said, in 1999 the surgeon general clearly stated "...it is premature to endorse the effectiveness of residential treatment for adolescents.".[34][dead link]
From late 2007 through 2008, a broad coalition of grass roots efforts, prominent medical and psychological organizations that including members of Alliance for the Safe, Therapeutic and Appropriate use of Residential Treatment (ASTART) and the Community Alliance for the Ethical Treatment of Youth (CAFETY), provided testimony and support that led to the creation of the Stop Child Abuse in Residential Programs for Teens Act of 2008 by the United States Congress Committee on Education and Labor.[40]
Jon Martin-Crawford and Kathryn Whitehead of CAFETY testified at a hearing of the United States Congress Committee on Education and Labor on April 24, 2008,[41] where they described abusive practices they had experienced at the Family Foundation School and Mission Mountain School, both therapeutic boarding schools.[42][43]
One recent acknowledgement has been that long term care does not equate with better outcomes.[28] To reduce the tendency for abuse, a strong push has occurred to certify or license behavior modifiers[44][45] or to have such practices limited to licensed psychologists.[7][dead link] In particular psychologists with behavioral training [46] American psychological association offers a diplomat (post Ph.D. and licensed certification) in behavioral psychology.[47]
Often the practice of behavior modification in facilities comes into question (see recent interest in Judge Rotenberg Educational Center, Aspen Education Group and the World Wide Association of Specialty Programs and Schools). Often these types of restrictive issues are discussed as part of ethical and legal standards (see Professional practice of behavior analysis). Recent research has identified some best practices for use in such facilities[28] In general policies in such facilities require the presence of a treatment team to ensure that abuses do not occur especially if facilities are attempting to use punishment programs.[48]
Regulations [ edit ]
In the U.S. residential treatment programs are all monitored at the state level and many are JACHO accredited. States vary in requirements to open such centers. Due to the absence of regulation of these programs by the federal government and because many are not subject to state licensing or monitoring,[49] the Federal Trade Commission has issued a guide for parents considering such placement [50]
Organizations [ edit ]
Residential therapist who are behavior modifiers should join professional organizations and be professionally affiliated. Many organizations exist for behavior therapists around the world. The World Association for Behavior Analysis offers a certification in behavior therapy [8] In the United States, the American Psychological Association's Division 25 is the division for behavior analysis. The Association for Contextual Behavior Therapy is another professional organization. ACBS is home to many clinicians with specific interest in third generation behavior therapy. The Association for Behavioral and Cognitive Therapies (formerly the Association for the Advancement of Behavior Therapy) is for those with a more cognitive orientation. Internationally, most behavior therapists find a core intellectual home in the International Association for Behavior Analysis (ABA:I) [9].
See also [ edit ]
Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan, center, walks through a crowd of supporters flanked by security in Novi Pazar, some 150 kilometers south of Belgrade, Serbia, Wednesday, Oct. 11, 2017. Erdoğan has received a rousing welcome as he visited a predominantly Muslim region in southwestern Serbia. (AP Photo/Marko Drobnjakovic)
NOVI PAZAR, Serbia (AP) — Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan received a rousing welcome on Wednesday as he visited a predominantly Muslim region in southwestern Serbia.
Thousands of people waving Turkish and Serbian flags lined the streets of Novi Pazar, in the Sandzak region, where Erdoğan arrived with Serbian President Aleksandar Vucic. The cheering crowd held banners praising Erdoğan, while many struggled to shake hands with the Turkish president.
“Sandzak is one of the bridges that connect us,” Erdoğan said in a speech translated from Turkish into Serbian and aired on Serbian state TV. “We can all see how our emotional connection has had a positive effect on our bilateral ties.”
Erdoğan is on a two-day visit to Serbia, pledging to boost economic and other ties as part of stepped-up efforts by Ankara to increase its clout in the Balkans.
Relations between Serbia and Turkey have improved in recent years after decades of mistrust between the two nations. Serbia was ruled for almost 500 years by the Ottoman Empire.
Turkey backed Bosnian Muslims in the 1990s war that pitted them against the Christian Orthodox Serbs and Catholic Croats. Sandzak, where many people consider Bosnia or Turkey — rather than Serbia — as their motherland, has remained peaceful but tense over the years.
Vucic conceded in his address that he will “not be greeted half as (warmly) as Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan.”
“But, I have the courage to say I will work in the interest of all nations,” he said.
Erdoğan has praised Vucic for supporting him during last year's failed coup that he blames on the movement led by U.S.-based cleric Fethullah Gulen, who denied involvement. A banner in Novi Pazar on Wednesday showed Gulen dressed in a prison uniform.
In his speech, Erdoğan urged that the Balkans' bloody past be replaced with unity among the region's many nations. He said Turkey and Serbia share common views.
“We have felt at home during this visit to Serbia,” Erdoğan said. “We will preserve our friendship.”
At Wednesday night's CNN DNC Leadership debate, Chris Cuomo asked former Obama administration Labor Secretary Tom Perez about the allegations that the 2016 Democratic primary was "rigged" against Bernie Sanders.
Perez discusses how Democrats need to be transparent both in "fact and perception" and said: "Here are the facts. Hillary Clinton won the Democratic primary. Hillary Clinton also won the popular vote. At the same time because of the absence of transparency in the Democratic primary, there was a crisis of trust that ensued."
Another candidate, U.S. Air Force veteran Sam Ronan replied: "Not only was the primary rigged but also rigged across the country because the DNC has never allowed outsiders or brand-new people to rise through the ranks. It's always been insider game and it has been that way for a very, very long time."
CHRIS CUOMO, CNN: Next question: Secretary Perez, recently you said that the primary was rigged against Bernie Sanders. Later the same day you said you misspoke when you made those comments. Which is it?
TOM PEREZ: Well, you know, here are the facts. Hillary Clinton won the Democratic primary. Hillary Clinton also won the popular vote. At the same time because of the absence of transparency in the Democratic primary, there was a crisis of trust that ensued.
And what we need in the chair of the Democratic Party is to make sure that in fact and in perception, every single day, you are fair and neutral...
CUOMO: Hold on a second. Secretary, 10 seconds, was it rigged or not?
PEREZ: Again, the process, because of the absence of transparency, it created that crisis of relevance and it created the distrust that people didn't trust the outcome...
SAM RONAN, U.S. AIR FORCE VETERAN: Thank you. I was going to interrupt anyway.
The point is -- not only was the primary rigged but also rigged across the country because the DNC has never allowed outsiders or brand-new people to rise through the ranks. And it's always been insider game and it has been that way for a very, very long time.
That is where the lack of trust has come into play because not only was Bernie Sanders snubbed, not only did it look like Hillary Clinton had bought or muscled her way into it, then those supporters were denied the chance to speak at convention, and that was final straw.
President Trump on Wednesday touted "additional support" for Sen. Luther Strange (R-Ala.) following his endorsement in Alabama's special Senate election, despite Strange coming in second place in the GOP primary the night before.
Wow, Senator Luther Strange picked up a lot of additional support since my endorsement. Now in September runoff. Strong on Wall & Crime! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) August 16, 2017
Strange, who was appointed to the Senate seat vacated by Attorney General Jeff Sessions Jefferson (Jeff) Beauregard SessionsTrump says he hasn't spoken to Barr about Mueller report Ex-Trump aide: Can't imagine Mueller not giving House a ‘roadmap' to impeachment Rosenstein: My time at DOJ is 'coming to an end' MORE, finished behind former Alabama Supreme Court Chief Justice Roy Moore in the Republican primary on Tuesday.
Strange's campaign and allies leaned heavily on the Trump endorsement in the final days, pushing back against claims that Strange serves as a tool of the Washington establishment and Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell Addison (Mitch) Mitchell McConnellHouse to push back at Trump on border Democrats block abortion bill in Senate Overnight Energy: Climate protesters storm McConnell's office | Center-right group says Green New Deal could cost trillion | Dire warnings from new climate studies MORE (R-Ky.).
ADVERTISEMENT
Trump recorded a robocall for Strange one day before the primary, even as Moore and Alabama Rep. Mo Brooks Morris (Mo) Jackson BrooksCoulter slams Trump as 'lazy and incompetent,' says he could face primary challenger Dems press Pentagon officials to explain why troops are still at border House Republicans call for moving State of the Union to Senate chamber MORE (R) both tried to paint themselves as the most pro-Trump candidate.
Moore won among primary voters, projected to beat Strange by 9 points, 41 percent to 32 percent.
Trump also congratulated them both earlier Wednesday morning.
Since neither of the two GOP candidates received more than 50 percent support, they are set to move on to a runoff election in late September, before the general election in December.
In February, then-Alabama Gov. Robert Bentley (R) appointed Strange to the seat after Sessions was confirmed to his top Justice Department position. McConnell and the National Republican Senatorial Committee are treating him as the incumbent.
“Senator Luther Strange has done a great job representing the people of the Great State of Alabama. He has my complete and total endorsement!” Trump tweeted last week.
Several government and private sector websites in South Korea were hacked this morning, including the site for the Cheongwadae, the country's presidential residence, reports the AP. The attacks come on the 63rd anniversary of the start of the Korean War, but it's not yet clear who is behind them. According to South Korea's Chosun newspaper, the Cheongwadae site displayed a slogan voicing support for North Korean leader Kim Jong-un earlier today, although now it only shows a page (pictured above) advising visitors of a "temporary halt in operation" due to a "system check."
In March, several of South Korea's banks and TV networks were affected by a massive malware attack, crippling ATMs and online banking. The country had blamed North Korea for the attack, but Pyongyang has denied any involvement.
Some are looking at Anonymous Korea, whose Twitter account indicates that its members attacked multiple North Korean websites today, including the official government website korea-dpr.com, following through on plans it announced back in April. However, the group denies any role in today's attacks on South Korean targets, says Chosun.
The AP writes that South Korea's science ministry alerted citizens to the attacks on government websites and media servers earlier today, encouraging officials and others to beef up their network security.
Hyunhu Jang contributed to this report
At dusk, 20 million Mexican free-tail bats would pour from the darkness inside Bracken Cave on the outskirts of San Antonio, Tex., in a skillfully crafted black tornado against the dimming orange sunset. But a few thousand feet away, directly in their flight path, a community of 3,500 homes would soon stand.
That was the plan at least, until Halloween.
In an effort to protect both bats and would-be residents, The Nature Conservancy of Texas and Bat Conservation International — with help from other groups, including the Department of Defense and the City of San Antonio — purchased the land for $20.5 million, providing a buffer between the bats and the encroaching urban sprawl.
The 1,521-acre plot called Crescent Hills is roughly 30 minutes northwest of San Antonio. The area is adjacent to the famous bat cave and lies within the Edwards Aquifer recharge zone. The aquifer provides drinking water for roughly 2 million central Texans, including the entire city of San Antonio. The property is also home to the federally endangered golden-cheeked warblers, birds known locally as golden finches of Texas that nest in the area.
5-HT2Rs have a different genomic organization from other 5-HT2Rs. 5HT2CR undergoes post-transcriptional pre-mRNA editing generating diversity among RNA transcripts. Selective post-transcriptional editing could be involved in the pathophysiology of psychiatric disorders through impairment in G-protein interactions. Moreover, it may influence the therapeutic response to agents such as atypical antipsychotic drugs. Additionally, 5-HT2CR exhibits alternative splicing. Central serotonergic and dopaminergic systems interact to modulate normal and abnormal behaviors. Thus, 5HT2CR plays a crucial role in psychiatric disorders. 5HT2CR could be a relevant pharmacological target in the treatment of neuropsychiatric disorders. The development of drugs that specifically target 5-HT2C receptors will allow for better understanding of their involvement in the pathophysiology of psychiatric disorders including schizophrenia, anxiety, and depression. Among therapeutic means currently available, most drugs used to treat highly morbid psychiatric diseases interact at least partly with 5-HT2CRs. Pharmacologically, 5HT2CRs, have the ability to generate differentially distinct response signal transduction pathways depending on the type of 5HT2CR agonist. Although this receptor property has been clearly demonstrated, in vitro, the eventual beneficial impact of this property opens new perspectives in the development of agonists that could activate signal transduction pathways leading to better therapeutic efficiency with fewer adverse effects.
Copyright © 2015 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Getting started with BibLaTeX
Author: Josh Cassidy (July 2013)
For years LaTeX users have been using BibTeX along with multiple additional packages such as natbib to write bibliographies. However, now there's a new option, BibLaTeX. It's designed to give you many more options to easily configure your bibliographies/citations. Conveniently, existing .bib files are unlikely to need much altering to work with BibLaTeX. Unfortunately (and at the time of writing), there isn't much useful information available online other than the extensive documentation which you can access here. But in case you don't fancy trawling through all of its 300+ pages, here is a video tutorial followed by some notes/examples to help you get started.
Basic commands and styles
Firstly the commands you use in the tex file to add a bibliography into the document are quite different. In the preamble you need to use the following code:
\ usepackage { biblatex } \addbibresource { }
The first command just loads up the biblatex package. The second is used to specify which bib files you want to use. You simply enter the file name in the curly brackets including the .bib extension. Then in the body of the document instead of using a \bibliography command to construct the bibliography, you use the \printbibliography command. When using BibTeX you specify the bibliography style by using the \bibliographystyle command. In biblatex we no longer use this command, instead we specify style options by passing more arguments into the \usepackage command. To do this we enter style= followed by a style name into square brackets immediately before the curly brackets. For example:
\ usepackage [ style=numeric ]{ biblatex }
Alternatively if you want to declare one style for the citations and a different style for the bibliography, you use the words citestyle and bibstyle . Here's an example:
\ usepackage [ citestyle=alphabetic,bibstyle=authortitle ]{ biblatex }
Before moving on I will quickly show you what some of these styles look like for both the citations and the actual bibliography entry. However, you can refer to the documentation for a full list of styles.
The numeric style:
style: The alphabetic style:
style: The reading style:
style: The authoryear style:
Another argument you can give the \usepackage command is the sorting option. For example:
\ usepackage [ style=authoryear,sorting=ynt ]{ biblatex }
This would use the author-year style and then sort the bibliography entries by year, name, title. Here's a list of some of the different sorting options available:
nty —sorts entries by name, title, year;
—sorts entries by name, title, year; nyt —sorts entries by name, year, title;
—sorts entries by name, year, title; nyvt —sorts entries by name, year, volume, title;
—sorts entries by name, year, volume, title; anyt —sorts entries by alphabetic label, name, year, title;
—sorts entries by alphabetic label, name, year, title; anyvt —sorts entries by alphabetic label, name, year, volume, title;
—sorts entries by alphabetic label, name, year, volume, title; ynt —sorts entries by year, name, title;
—sorts entries by year, name, title; ydnt —sorts entries by year (descending order), name, title;
—sorts entries by year (descending order), name, title; none —no sorting. Entries appear in the order they appear in the text.
If you don't specify an order the default is nty .
Citation Commands
The citation commands have also been overhauled in biblatex . These more intelligent commands give you the option of adding a prenote and postnote in as arguments:
a prenote is a word or phrase like 'see' that is inserted at the start of the citation;
is a word or phrase like 'see' that is inserted at the start of the citation; a postnote is text you want inserted at the end of the citation.
To add these notes in you uses two sets of square brackets in the citation command. Here's an example:
\ cite [ see ][ page 12 ]{ latexcompanion }
In this example we've already loaded the alphabetic style and latexcompanion is just the citation key. This is what the citation would look like in the text:
If you only open one set of square brackets it will assume the contents of the brackets is a postnote , so if you only want a prenote make sure you still open the second set of square brackets and then just leave it empty.
There are also a number of different citation commands available for you to use. Here are some of the standard ones:
\cite —the most basic one. Prints without any brackets except when using the alphabetic or numeric style when it uses square brackets;
—the most basic one. Prints without any brackets except when using the or style when it uses square brackets; \parencite —prints citations in parentheses except when using the alphabetic or numeric style when it uses square brackets;
—prints citations in parentheses except when using the or style when it uses square brackets; \footcite —puts the citation in a footnote.
Subdividing Bibliographies
One of the nice things about biblatex is that you can subdivide bibliographies according to source type. Here's an example of subdividing by source type:
\printbibheading \printbibliography [ type=book,heading=subbibliography,title={ Book Sources} ] \printbibliography [ nottype=book,heading=subbibliography,title={Other Sources } ]
In this example we are subdividing the bibliography into two sections, one for sources that are books and one for sources that aren't. Here's an example output:
Another way you can subdivide bibliographies is using a keyword filter. To do this you need to add a keywords field into the entries in your .bib file. For example:
@article { key, keywords = {keywordA,keywordB,keywordC }
Here's an example of how you'd then subdivide by keyword:
\printbibheading \printbibliography [ keyword=major,heading=subbibliography,title={ Major Sources} ] \printbibliography [ keyword=minor,heading=subbibliography,title={Minor Sources } ]
And the corresponding output:
A little late, but I just joined Instructables recently... My wife and I have been making pork (and other types of) sausage for over ten years now and have this down to a "repeatable offense" at this point. We processed 1100 pounds of pork last spring from our "mini-farm". We take this very seriously ;o)
Just a few pointers:
1) Meat cuts better in the grinder when it is cold (nearly frozen). A gallon sized freezer bag will take approximately 1 1/2 hours to chill in the freezer with just the corners frozen. We have a much larger grinder (#32) but the meat cuts the same in either case - cut the meat into workable [grinder sized] chunks before you chill it.
2) When cutting meat, be sure to leave a quantity of fat in, else your sausage will be dry. Add beef fat (from your grocer) to Venison or typical game animals - while you grind the meat, the idea is to intermix the fat with the meat in the grind.
3) perform the first grind (rough grind) with a larger plate (bigger holes), add seasonings (the web is full of recipies) and then reduce the plate size (remember to chill again prior to grinding. Nothing is more annoying than having the meat turn into paste in the grinder when the knife (the four bladed thing) gets coated with sinew and goo. (this includes liquid smoke - smoking the sausage to cure it is carcinogenic, liquid smoke is not while it adds the same flavor).
4) After grinding, you MUST make small patties and taste the product to ensure that you have added enough of everything. I generally add the salt gradually as I go forward because you can over salt very easily and make the entire batch less than great as a result. The addition of compensatory spices will need to be mixed in well and completely through the batch before tasting (beer helps to clean the pallet between offerings).
I will be adding an Instructable on this (hopefully in the near future) - GREAT PIECE!! My compliments on the instructable!!
India's First Mobile App For LGBTs Launched
Undeterred by the Supreme Court verdict re-criminalising same-sex sexual relations, Gaylaxy- India's most popular LGBT website and e-zine, launched India's first gay mobile app on 14th Feb- valentine's day. The app will feature news and articles from the website.
Gaylaxy was launched as an online magazine in 2010, nearly six months after the Delhi High Court verdict decriminalizing homosexuality in India. The magazine caters to the LGBT community through its various sections on science and health, personal stories of coming out, current affairs and news, relationship advice, lifestyle and entertainment.
Sukhdeep Singh, who founded Gaylaxy while pursuing his engineering from ISM Dhanbad and is its current editor-in-chief, said, “When Gaylaxy was launched, there was a dearth of quality LGBT website or magazine that would cater to a wide variety of topics and provide a platform for members to express themselves. The response to the magazine was phenomenal and we soon had writers writing to us from not only across the country, but from different parts of the world too, notably US and neighbouring Pakistan.”
The website recently got a new and mobile friendly look. Talking about the decision to launch an app, Sukhdeep said, “We have seen a steady increase of traffic through mobile. A mobile app was the next natural step for us. With our app, we hope to reach even more people. No other major LGBT website even from the West have their own mobile app.”
Apurv Gupta, who takes care of the website and technology for the organization said, “We have currently launched this app for Android phones, but will soon follow it up with apps for iOS and Windows devices also.”In their effort towards going mobile, the website was also made available on news-reading app Plash. “We were already in talks with the team at Plash to make Gaylaxy available to mobile devices through their app. When the Supreme Court verdict on Sec 377 came in December, the team at Plash added a LGBT section in their app to show support to the community,” said Mr. Singh.
Gaylaxy currently has its reporters in Delhi, Mumbai, Bangalore, Kolkata, Hyderabad and Lahore in Pakistan, apart from writers in other cities who send in their articles for different sections. It also launched the magazine in Hindi- the first of its kind effort in India. They plan to develop the app into an interactive platform that shall keep the community updated about any events happening in their area as well.
The app can be downloaded from the Google Play Store.
**EDIT**
New update has gone into Patch 12 Beta. The build is now 10877.535502.
The changes from the previous version (10760.533783) are:
Further improvements to how units climb ladders and siege towers on the battlefield.
Fixed blood on weapons, and decapitating generals for owners of Blood and Gore DLC.
**EDIT**New update has gone into Patch 12 Beta. The build is now 10760.533783.More information on the changes made can be found here Hello All,Today we go live with Patch 12 BETA! You'll be seeing some improvements to campaign and battle AI, as well as some balance changes and general improvements to your game. Also, an issue preventing the number of variations of clothing/armour to be displayed on units has been resolved, and more variations added. To read the full list of changes please click the link below to the wiki:If you're interested in signing up for the beta and feeding back on your experiences please follow these instructions;1) In the Steam Games Library, right-click “Total War: ROME II” and select “Properties”.2) In the properties window, select the “BETAS” tab.3) In the “Select the beta you would like to opt into:” drop-down box, select “update12beta”.An added bonus for you modders is a small update to the assembly kit that you can also try out. You'll need to opt in using the instructions below if you'd like to try it out as it won't automatically apply even if you've opted in the patch 12 beta.1) In the Steam Games Library, navigate to the tools section.2) In the Tools list, right-click “Total War: ROME II – Assembly Kit BETA”, and select “Properties”.3) In The “BETAS” tab, select “update12beta”.Please be sure to disable mods, verify your steam cache and try a new campaign to see the full effect of the patch and if you experience any issues be sure to report in the support forum where there is a patch feedback threadNote that you are welcome to try running mods with this patch, but your feedback is only useful to us if you do not have them running when you experience any bugs you report.EDIT* We have updated the Patch notes as of 17/04/14Edit bis* We have updated the Patch notes as of 24/04/2014, to see the changes made since last update click here Joey
LL Pavorsky is the official Jeweler of The Rights To Ricky Sanchez, and 59 listeners have purchased engagement rings from him. LL Pavorsky is located at 707 Walnut St. in Philadelphia, online at LLPavorsky.com, on the phone at 215-627-2252 or just hit Lee up on Twitter @LLPavorsky. Tell him you're a Truster, he's one of us. For every show, Lee makes a generous donation to Justice Rescue and the National Coalition Against Domestic Violence.
The LL Pavorsky annual holiday party is December 9th from 5pm till 9pm! Spike will be there, and LL will give away over $10,000 in prizes, while everything in the store is 20% off. Not to mention the Pavortinis will be flowing. You HAVE to RSVP HERE, and dress to impress (keep the RTRS t-shirts under your real shirt).
We are proud to partner with The Athletic, the premium sports site for smart people. You are a smart person. We are smart people. We've spent the last four years proving that. So you deserve the best possible sports coverage, and The Athletic provides that. They got Godner. They got Rich Hofmann and Mike O'Connor, all covering the Sixers. They got Sheil Kapadia and Bo Wulf covering the Eagles. SHEIL IS BACK! They've got Charlie O'Connor on the Flyers and Liz Roscher on the Phillies and so much more.
AND GET THIS! If you subscribe for one year using the link theathletic.com/rtrs, you'll get 25% off! What a great deal. If you took advantage of the Right Side Of History t-shirt special, you'll get your shirt within three weeks.
A scene from Captain Squeegee's "The Factory" video. (Photo: Courtesy of Captain Squeegee)
The Apache Lake Music Festival, now in its fifth year, has rounded up some of the Valley's most popular local draws for a two-day festival that takes place Friday, Oct. 24, and Saturday, Oct. 25, at Apache Lake Resort and Marina in Roosevelt.
The lineup is: Banana Gun, Banshee Bones, Captain Squeegee, Carlos Arzate & the Kind Souls, Coobee Coo, Deadfoxx, Dry River Yacht Club, Ghetto Cowgirl, Hot Birds & the Chili Sauce, the Haymarket Squares, the Hourglass Cats, Japhy's Descent, Lee Perreria, Mr. Eastwood, Phoenix Afrobeat Orchetsra, Playboy Manbaby, Princess, the Prowling Kind, Sarah Robinson & the Midnight Special, Shawn Johnson & the Foundation, Sister Lip, Something Went Awry, the Shakers, the Sugar Thieves, Sunset Voodoo, Sweetgrass and the Woodworks.
Apache Lake sits along the Apache Trail, which heads northeast out of Apache Junction. The Lake is about two hour's drive from downtown Phoenix.
Camping at Apache Lake is on a first-come first-served basis. There are plenty of camping spots but early arrival is recommended for lakeside locations. A $5 per car camping pass is required and good for the entire weekend. There are indoor bathrooms and showers available to all campers. The festival asks that you bring trash bags and use the on-site garbage cans and dumpsters to keep the camping areas clean.
Tickets are $35-$40, available online at apachelakemusicfestival.com.
Read or Share this story: http://azc.cc/1rP7pTy
The Obama Administration is already infamous for slow-walking information requests, causing investigations to drag out for years, and then complaining loudly about how long the investigations are taking! But they've really outdone themselves this time.
The Justice Department has filed a motion in court, on behalf of the State Department, seeking to keep a vast trove of correspondence between Secretary of State Hillary Clinton's aides, and the notorious Clinton Foundation, hidden from voters' eyes for 27 months… in other words, until October 2018, about halfway through President Hillary Clinton's prospective first term.
The story laid out by the Daily Caller grows more outrageous with each paragraph. For starters, we learn that four senior Clinton aides — Deputy Assistant Secretary of State Michael Fuchs, Ambassador-At-Large Melanne Verveer, Chief of Staff Cheryl Mills, and Deputy Chief of Staff Huma Abedin — were sending a lot of correspondence to the Clinton Foundation. The original tally of six thousand emails turned out to be low — very, very low. The State Department said the total has swelled to 34,116 potentially responsive documents.
“During Clinton's four years as America's chief foreign diplomat, her aides communicated with officials at the Clinton Foundation and Teneo Holdings where Bill Clinton was formerly both a client and paid consultant, on the average of 700 times each month, according to the Justice Department filing,” the Daily Caller reports. This from the same gang that couldn't spare the time to work out decent security arrangements in Benghazi.
Teneo Holdings will be a familiar name to Clinton scandal-watchers: it's the company Hillary Clinton's aide Huma Abedin was working for, while simultaneously drawing a full State Department check from American taxpayers, in an utterly unprecedented work arrangement that has drawn Congressional scrutiny.
Teneo was founded by President Bill Clinton's onetime personal aide, Doug Band. Abedin was working on the kind of double-dipping program that was supposed to bring irreplaceable top corporate and scientific talent into government service, without forcing them to give up successful private-sector careers, but she was merely a staffer for Secretary of State Hillary Clinton.
The Daily Caller notes that Cheryl Mills was double-dipping too, working for the Clinton Foundation and its Clinton Global Initiative while also serving as a State Department employee. “Conflict of interest” doesn't do justice to the stench hanging over these arrangements.
The documents Justice and State are delaying were supposed to be handed over by July 21, in accordance with a judicial order, but DOJ lawyers told the judge on Wednesday night that the State Department found some “errors in the manner in which the searches had been conducted in order to capture documents potentially responsive to plaintiff's request.”
One reason it's been less than smooth sailing for this Freedom of Information Act Requests is that the State Department's entire FOIA review staff consists of 71 part-time retired foreign service officers. The Administration adamantly refuses to beef up the staff. (Which is hardly surprising, given that perpetual complaints about inadequate resources allow these FOIA requests to be dragged out for years.)
The plaintiff in the FOIA case at hand is Citizens United, the group that rose to prominence in a Supreme Court case Hillary Clinton is still trying to overturn. “The State Department is using taxpayer dollars to protect their candidate, Hillary Clinton. The American people have a right to see these emails before the election,” said Citizens United president David Bossie.
Citizens United just won another victory in court, as a federal judge ordered the State Department to hand over Hillary Clinton's schedules for 14 overseas trips she took as Secretary of State. Some of the documents Citizens United has already secured led them to suspect the Secretary met with Clinton Foundation donors while on these trips.
Of course, the Associated Press recently learned that Clinton's schedules were, shall we say, creatively updated by her aides, scrubbing the historical record of potentially embarrassing meetings. One of the events from Clinton's overseas journeys, a dinner in Dublin with Teneo executives, seems to have gotten a vigorous scrubbing and disappeared from her official calendar.
“Citizens United wants to know how many overseas dinners Sec. Clinton attended with Clinton Foundation donors that didn't make it on her schedule,” said Bossie. He can probably expect to see those schedule records sometime around 2046. They might be stashed in a lost government warehouse, right next to the Ark of the Covenant.
It's probably a total coincidence that Bill Clinton just caused a stir by holding a mysterious private meeting with Attorney General Loretta Lynch, creating “optics” that made even some liberals queasy.
Lynch insists all they talked about was “grandchildren, golf, and their respective travels.” We can take her word that they didn't talk about DOJ lawyers helping to shield Clinton Foundation documents from the public for 27 months, or with the depositions Clinton aides are currently giving about Hillary Clinton's email server in another FOIA suit, right?
Also on Thursday, the White House published a fact sheet called “New Steps Toward Ensuring Openness and Transparency in Government.” No, really, they did.
Looking for news you can trust?
Subscribe to our free newsletters.
Emma Watson—the humanitarian and staunch feminist who you may recognize from such films as The Bling Ring, Noah, and the Harry Potter movies—is now working with the United Nations on gender equality and female empowerment.
On Monday, UN Women and Watson announced that she had been appointed as a celebrity Goodwill Ambassador. The 24-year-old British actress will work on the “empowerment of young women and will serve as an advocate for UN Women's HeForShe campaign,” according to the UN Women's press release. (The HeForShe campaign enlists men and boys to stand up for gender equality.) In 2012, Watson became an ambassador for the Campaign for Female Education.
The announcement drew enough web traffic to crash the UN Women website. “We apologize & hope to be back up soon,” the UN entity tweeted. The site experienced problems for roughly 12 hours following the announcement. “This is the power of [Watson]; she has such global appeal,” UN Women's Elizabeth Nyamayaro told Mother Jones.
“Ms. Emma Watson is someone who is not only smart, but someone who is very passionate about girls' issues,” Nyamayaro said, explaining why the UN reached out to the actress in the first place. According to Nyamayaro, Watson is particularly excited about working with HeForShe, and will also support the work of young women across UN Women's strategic pillars, including economic empowerment, ending violence against women, political participation, and peace and security.
Here is Watson's full statement on her new gig:
Being asked to serve as UN Women's Goodwill Ambassador is truly humbling. The chance to make a real difference is not an opportunity that everyone is given and is one I have no intention of taking lightly. Women's rights are something so inextricably linked with who I am, so deeply personal and rooted in my life that I can't imagine an opportunity more exciting. I still have so much to learn, but as I progress I hope to bring more of my individual knowledge, experience, and awareness to this role.
(Watson expressed her excitement on Twitter with a blushing emoticon.)
Other celebrity Goodwill Ambassadors for the UN include Liam Neeson, “Twitter Nazi hunter” Mia Farrow, and Orlando Bloom.
Below is video of Watson visiting slum homes and a fair trade group in Bangladesh: “I still find it hard to convey what fair trade means to those producing our fashion—it's just so impressive to see how the women have used fair trade clothing to escape poverty and empower themselves and their children,” Watson said. “I was moved and inspired.”
This post has been updated.
Tank Monkey Notes:
As with most plans… they change. Originally I thought it would be 5 strips to close out this story but clearly in writing and finally drawing the strip there was a clear and present need for an additional strip. On the bright side (for me) this is strip #2 of 6 and the next one (#3) is done and ready to go up next week. #4 is completely penciled and mostly inked and #5 is even mostly inked with only a few pickup panels left to draw. It's only 6 that I need to get cracking on.
Then it's time to get to work on the book. The strips are done but I want to make sure the story is formatted (or possibly re-formatted) for print. In strips like this it's okay to jump from location to location without explanation but in the book some of these strips may be reordered or have additional text to make sure things flow. Also one of the web strips did not save properly and I may need to re-scan and rework a page as the high res file did not save properly.
For the casual reader all this shop talk is likely a little much but… long story short I'm excitedly cruising towards my goal of having a Tank-Monkey print volume well before I table at O-Comic Con in May. Did I mention that we'll be at O-Comic Con? Cuz we will be! Sharing the same air as the Hard Core Former WWE Champion and New York Times Best Seller… Mick Foley! do I sound pumped? Cuz I'm Pumped! But that's gotta simmer till May. For now… it's layouts and pencils for this guy!
In Review:
Speaking of pencils that reminds me of writing… and writing reminds me of this Doctor Who Review I wrote that's posted over at The Grawlix Podcast Site! Lately I find myself more and more listening to audio books and audio plays as they are something I can really enjoy while I do some of my more mundane and drudge-like tasks throughout the day. I'm also a huge classic Doctor Who fan so Doctor Who is a Audio Plays? HECK YEAH! For my Tank-Monkey readers I'll cut right to the chase. I highly recommend Masters of Earth put out by Big Finish if you are a fan of the First and Sixth Doctors. Firstly because this is a Sixth Doctor story set at the same time as a First Doctor story will take place one year later! Wibbley Wobbly!
Richard Wang is the most unfortunate name ever given to anyone, real or fictional. So it is no wonder he used a nickname and since “ short round ” was already taken — why not go with “Data”? To be honest, he was a bit more of a “ Gadget ”. He even wore the trench coat. But then every analytic team knows without a doubt that all good things start with “Data”.
At Corsair's , we love a good pirate story . Being pirates, defeating pirates, who cares? It is all just awesome. Any team willing to take on or be pirates is an analytic team worth hiring … unbiased truth! Wink.
Reason #3 — Interpretation
Data needs to be translated, well not the Goonies' Data — he spoke English, mostly. But analytic teams need to be adept and sometimes creative in translating and interpreting data and information. Enter Ralph “Mouth”, I mean Corey Feldman, actually Clarke Devereaux… seriously? I never realized how unimportant these kids names really were.
Mouth was a very ‘creative' translator. Old Spanish, modern Spanish, sheet music — he translated all of it. If you want to follow that up with ‘poorly', you have a valid point. But you also have to admit, he got the job done.
Reason #4— Segmentation
Not only was Mouth the teams master translator. He also showed a knack for on the fly analysis and segmentation. When it comes data and insight, it is very important to organize and/or separate information and insights into the proper buckets. Or drawers…
Reason #5 — Goonies Never Say Die
Every great team needs a great leader. Someone who can inspire and create vision. Enter “Mikey” Walsh, ringleader of the Goonies.
Mikey's story is the heart of the movie from the moment he encounters “One-Eyed Willy” until he is dramatically carried from the field by the entire Notre Dame… wait sorry. I got a bit confused there.
Mikey gives many impassioned speeches during the film. He encourages his team to press on. From his famous “Goonies never say die!” to that touching soliloquy at the base of Mount Doom — “Come, Mr. Frodo! I can't carry it for you, but I can carry you.” Oops, sorry.
You get the idea. Every team needs a great leader, analytic teams especially.
Reason #6 — Every Team Needs A Great Story Teller
Lawrence “Chunk” Cohen is an incredible story teller. This is something every great analytic team needs. If you are inclined to think “he made most of them up”, you weren't paying attention.
Maybe he never met Michael Jackson, but can we be sure. He got the Fratelli's story right. His confessions were hysterical and likely true. And while the police may not have believed his Gremlin story, he lived in Steven Spielberg's universe, that boy was speaking truth.
His stories are entertaining, they are honest, and they come from the heart. How do you find a better story teller for any team?
Reason #7 — Analytic Teams Need To Be Succinct
Two words — Truffle Shuffle
Reason #8— Brand Is Important, Innovation More So
Remember that scene when young George W. Bush climbs on the little girls bike to chase after his younger brother… sorry. Brandon “Brand” Walsh plays two important roles on this team. First, he is arguably the Goonie (ok, extended Goonie) most concerned with appearances. Brand has a brand… gee, think that was intended?
But Brand is also the character who gives us innovation. Whether the target of a chest expander turned handcuffs, or the acquirer of available transport — even Brand knows when to adjust priority.
Reason #9 — Targeted Technology
The fact that someone actually built an infographic of Data's inventions speaks volumes. Pinchers of Peril, Punch Out, Bully Blinders, Slick Shoes, and the sadly-cut-from-the-movie Octo-blaster were all incredibly awesome and targeted technology.
Data understood, no one technology can rule them all. Maybe he got that from Mikey…
He could also teach Brand a few things on branding. Every tool had a name!
Reason #10 — Repairing Broken Models
Things break. At many companies, analyst spend a lot of time repairing broken models. Data models, statistical models, business models, the list goes on. I even once repaired a model created by a Greek colleague who had left the company… thankfully, it was quite a bit different than the Goonies.
Reason #11 — Chester Copperpot, One-Eyed Willie, & The Fratellis
I have written at length about adversarial relationships and mentors. The Goonies give us both in abundance. Each represents a learning opportunity that the boys embrace fully, although often not willingly. Any team who can do that, can plan my castle onslaught any day.
Reason #12 — Learning From History
I am also a huge fan of learning from history. If Sloth can do it, anyone can?
Struggling for the refence? Think Captain Blood or maybe Errol Flynn? I think he also learned from The Electric Company, which may also count as history these days…
Reason #13 — Relationships
Goonies are all about relationships. Their movie was all about relationships. Relationships are huge in analytics. Big stories require perspective, leverage, and networks. No one ever solved the world's problems locked in the Fratelli's basement… well, actually if you use that as an opportunity to build a relationship with an unexpected friend…
Great analytic teams know that relationships are a requirement.
HIV/AIDS wrought devastation in Romania in the 1980s and 1990s. The HIV problem was exposed after the 1989 revolution that brought communism crashing down. Romanians, who had been shielded from the truth by a tightly controlled media, were as shocked by the extent of the disease in their country as the outside world was.
The victims were mostly small children infected in hospitals. Poor sterilisation facilities and dubious medical practices, such as dodgy blood transfusions, were largely to blame.
Get our daily newsletter Upgrade your inbox and get our Daily Dispatch and Editor's Picks.
Those that did not die were often ostracised. One HIV-positive woman, now 21, told me that her neighbours knew about her condition before she did: it was openly written on her medical documents. At school they teased her as sidoasa—a slang expression for an AIDS sufferer.
She had probably been infected in hospital as a small child, a year or two after the death of Ceauşescu. But she was only tested at around the age of ten, after she started developing strange illnesses in her lungs.
Hers is a typical story. But Romania's treatment of HIV/AIDS has improved in the last decade, after long protests from victims' families. Questions are still occasionally asked about some medical services, but the most dangerous practices have been eradicated. The woman is now on regular anti-retroviral treatment, and the levels of the virus in her blood are undetectable. She has a young son, who, thanks to good medical supervision during pregnancy and since, is HIV-negative.
Identifying someone as HIV-positive without their consent can now lead to five years in prison. Doctors have learned to use cryptic medical codes rather than disease names on official documents. Mother-to-child transmission of the virus has been drastically reduced by simple measures like proper screening of pregnant mothers, delivery by Caesarian section and avoiding breastfeeding.
Antiretroviral treatment is free and available to those who need it. Death rates have plummeted. In fact, Romania is now often cited as an example to other poor countries with major HIV/AIDS problems.
Yet a substantial number of Romanians with HIV still don't know it. The generation infected in the 1980s and 1990s is now at reproductive age, and new cases are still appearing across the country, often years after infection. Health workers say sexual transmission is now the most common method.
With Romania undergoing painful economic restructuring, campaigners say funding for public education on HIV/AIDS has largely dried up. It was always a hard sell in a country terrified of the disease. Many Romanians remain ignorant of the most basic facts.
Public-health workers say that, with Romania now an EU member, this represents a danger not just to Romanians but potentially to its neighbours. “HIV doesn't have borders," says Angela Achitei, president of Alaturi de Voi ("Close to You"), an organisation providing work for HIV-positive people in the northeastern city of Iasi. Romanians working overseas are at particular risk, as they often cannot access local health services.
The sex industry has flourished in Romania, just as it has across the ex-communist world. Yet health workers say prostitutes are probably not the greatest risk. After all, they have a professional interest in knowing how to avoid infection. A bigger problem is a silent pool of HIV-positive people who do not realise that they and their sexual contacts are at risk.
Alaturi de Voi once handed out free condoms and organised free HIV testing in discos in Iasi, home to many students. It was a big hit. It reached the target audience and the owners got a full club to boot. But the money is no longer there.
The Dawn spacecraft has completed a graceful spiral into the first of four planned science orbits during the spacecraft's yearlong visit to Vesta. The spacecraft started taking detailed observations on Aug. 11 at 9:13 a.m. PDT (12:13 a.m. EDT), which marks the official start of the first science-collecting orbit phase at Vesta, also known as the survey orbit.Survey orbit is the initial and highest orbit, at roughly 1700 miles (2700 kilometers) above the surface, which will provide an overview or "big picture" perspective of the giant asteroid.The primary objective of survey orbit is to image the surface with near-global coverage in visible and infrared wavelengths with the mapping spectrometer, also known as VIR. Dawn also will be using its framing camera to collect image mosaics that complement the VIR spectral data to produce geologic and compositional maps of Vesta's surface. Ultrasensitive measurements of the spacecraft's motion using radio signals will allow improved understanding of the giant asteroid's gravity field. Dawn's gamma ray and neutron detector will continue to collect background data.The survey phase is planned to last 20 days. Each orbit takes almost three days, which will provide the spacecraft seven trips around Vesta. After survey orbit, Dawn will resume thrusting, taking about a month to spiral down gently to its next science orbit for an even closer view. That orbit, known as High Altitude Mapping Orbit, or HAMO, begins in late September. Dawn will spend about a month in HAMO, circling around Vesta in half a day, rather than three. Dawn will orbit more than 60 times during HAMO, allowing the camera to fully map the illuminated portion of Vesta at even higher resolution, and enable the science team to generate stereo images.For more information about Dawn, visit: http://www.nasa.gov/dawn and http://dawn.jpl.nasa.gov Dawn launched in September 2007 and arrived at Vesta in July 2011. Following a year at Vesta, the spacecraft will depart in July 2012 for Ceres, where it will arrive in 2015. Dawn's mission to Vesta and Ceres is managed by the Jet Propulsion Laboratory, Pasadena, Ca., for NASA's Science Mission Directorate in Washington. JPL is a division of the California Institute of Technology in Pasadena. Dawn is a project of the directorate's Discovery Program, managed by NASA's Marshall Space Flight Center in Huntsville, Ala. UCLA is responsible for overall Dawn mission science. Orbital Sciences Corp. in Dulles, Va., designed and built the spacecraft. The German Aerospace Center, the Max Planck Institute for Solar System Research, the Italian Space Agency and the Italian National Astrophysical Institute are international partners on the mission team.
News Media Contact
Priscilla VegaJet Propulsion Laboratory, Pasadena, Calif.818-354-1357Priscilla.r.vega@jpl.nasa.gov2011-250
A man was injured after he exchanged gunfire with two people who attempted to break into his apartment in north Houston.Police say two people jumped over the fence of an apartment complex on Greens Parkway at Fall Lake Drive after 10:30pm and attempted to kick in the man's front door.The resident grabbed his gun and started shooting at the suspects as they tried to make entry into his apartment.The suspects fired back, striking the victim in the leg. He was taken to Ben Taub hospital for treatment.The man was unable to give police a description of the suspects since they never made it inside the apartment.Police are not sure whether the suspects were injured in the gun fight since investigators were unable to find a blood trail at the scene.
FORT LAUDERDALE, Fla. -- ESPN 150 running back Alex Collins still has not signed his letter of intent with Arkansas, and as of Wednesday evening there had not been a resolution.
Earlier in the day, Collins' mother, Andrea McDonald, refused to sign the letter of intent papers. Sources said she preferred Collins stay closer to home and sign with the University of Miami.
McDonald arrived at the school at 10:45 a.m. Wednesday to sign the papers but abruptly left without signing, according to two sources familiar with the situation.
Collins' older brother, Johnny, told the Miami Herald the family hoped Collins would re-consider Miami.
"I would prefer him to go to Miami, too, because it would be a better program for him, a better environment," Johnny Collins said. "He could get home faster and it's more convenient if Mom wants to go to a game -- instead of having to fly to Arkansas."
The National Letter of Intent, according to the NCAA's official website, is a binding agreement between a prospective student-athlete and an NLI member institution. "If you are under the age of 21, regardless of marital status, your parent or legal guardian must sign the NLI in order for it to be considered valid," the website states. An earlier version of this story said McDonald did not have to sign the papers.
Per NCAA rules and because he hasn't received a signed letter of intent, Arkansas coach Bret Bielema, appearing on ESPNU's broadcast of national signing day, said he could not talk about Collins.
"The family was not on the same page and needed to work things out," said school athletic director Mike Collins, who is not related to Alex.
Attempts to reach South Plantation head coach Doug Gatewood and McDonald were unsuccessful. The high school was closed off to all media Wednesday.
The 5-foot-11, 200-pound Collins, ranked 57th by ESPN, verbally committed to Arkansas on Monday, choosing the Razorbacks over Miami, Florida, Wisconsin and Florida State. He made his commitment during a Fox Sports South broadcast that also included No. 1 ESPN 150 inside linebacker Reuben Foster announcing his decision to play for Alabama.
Collins had been a longtime commit to Miami until he reopened his recruitment in November. He ran for 1,276 yards and 14 touchdowns during his senior season.
Collins has stayed relatively quiet for much of his recruitment and today he only sent a tweet later from his account that simply said, "Everything is going to be alright."
Collins' teammate and best friend, John Franklin, said Collins was dealing with the situation as well as could be expected.
"He's pretty upset about everything but I think things are going to get worked out," said Franklin, who signed with Florida State on Wednesday. "At least they are talking right now. It's been pretty tough on Alex since he made the decision."
A lot as been writting about sizing VMware environments. There are various opinions and ideas, like:
Use the reference guide or architecture, then you're safe
Follow the sizing guides from the vendors
you need to monitor the current workloads to correctly size your environment.
Do a full load test, start small so you can size the rest accordingly
Use a calculator.
They are all valid in some form or the other and have their specific purpose. I think it basically doesn't matter if you're sizing NSX, sizing vSphere or sizing another VMware product, if you use the methods above you get a infrastructure that is able to run your workload. This post is a collection of useful links to guides, calculators and load tests. I probably missed a lot of them. If you use others, just put them in the comments, I'll update this post regularly.
Monitor current workloads /Assessment
One of the most important things to do is monitor you current workloads. Without knowing what you want to run on your new platform there is no way to size it correctly.
A couple of tools you can use for monitoring your current workload or perform an assessment:
Sizing guides / Reference architecture / design guides
Sizing guides and reference architectures from the various vendors and products provide a good basis for your infrastructure. If you follow these guidelines you know what your infrastructure is able to handle.
Calculators
Calculators finally are very useful in sizing your infrastructure. They often contain the knowledge of the items above. They know about what the maximum sizing is for a single product, or what the best fit is based on organizational requirements. Some of the items below take input from other tools.
Load tests
After you you created your infrastructure you can use a load test to see how it performs under stress. By using load tests you get a lot of information on the complete stack. Load test work by simulating workloads. In a VDI load test this could be: logging in a user, starting Word, typing, printing to PDF, starting Excel, stopping Word. By adding more users that perform the same actions (on a different time/random) you reach a certain breakpoint. At that moment you know how many sessions you can run on one particular server. With a full load test you test all servers and underlying components until one of them ‘breaks'. That's the maximum number of users with that particular configuration or setup.
Tools that do load testing:
Is one method better than the other?
I think not. As a bare minimum you should at least do one of the above, but I think it is better to do them all. First monitor your current infrastructure to know what you have. Then use sizing guides, reference architectures and calculators to design and build your infrastructure. And finally do a full load test to test every component in the chain.
Denmark's top-ranked higher education institution is to shift away from patenting research conducted in partnership with the private sector to pursue an open science model.
Aarhus University's new initiative, called Open Science, does not allow either the university or the companies involved to patent any discoveries made during the research process and, at the end, the results are disclosed to everyone – even other firms – in what it calls a “patent-free playground”.
The move reflects concerns that universities have moved too far away from their core role in conducting open, fundamental, risk-taking research, and have become too bogged down in the drive to patent research.
For some, this is an activity that is unprofitable and bureaucratic, but others argue that it remains crucial to attracting private research funding.
Kim Daasbjerg, a chemistry professor who instigated and runs the initiative, said that during the past 10 to 15 years, universities had moved towards patenting discoveries and were incentivised to “get as many patents as possible”.
“I don't think that it's the role of the university to do that,” he said. “Our competence, our value in society, is fundamental research.”
So far, six large companies, including Lego, have put “cash on the table” to fund research into smart materials, while other smaller firms had promised time and expertise, he said. About 20 researchers are now working as part of the new platform, including six from Aalborg University and three from the University of Copenhagen.
Professor Daasbjerg hopes that other universities and companies will join the platform and that numbers will grow “exponentially”.
One question is whether firms are willing to fund research without an exclusive claim on the results. Professor Daasbjerg insisted that the companies involved were happy spending money on research that would ultimately be available to a rival.
He acknowledged that “maybe a competitor will be a bit stronger” because they can read the research, but he argued that the funder would also get plenty of benefits, too.
A breakthrough at a basic level – a new type of smart material, for example – might be used in completely different products by different firms, Professor Daasbjerg explained, meaning that they were not in direct competition.
Niels Christian Nielsen, Aarhus' dean of science and technology, acknowledged that rival firms could “always wait” to pounce on the results of research funded by a rival, but argued that latecomers would always be at a disadvantage when it came to commercialisation since, when it came to turning breakthroughs into new products, “time is the most precious thing”, with those already involved in the research more likely to be first to market.
Another concern for Aarhus had been the time spent nailing down exactly what rights and patents would come out of collaborative research, Professor Nielsen added. “We use an enormous amount of time in lawyers' offices negotiating,” he said, which was “a waste of time that could be more effectively used to build up good relations”.
The new platform does not mark a total shift away from the old model. Firms will still be able to ask Aarhus to conduct joint research with an agreement that they can patent the results. But the emphasis will now be on open, basic collaborative research, Professor Nielsen said.
Universities sometimes use patents and technology licences as a measure of whether they are successfully commercialising their research. But companies tell Aarhus that “the number of licences don't tell us anything”, Professor Nielsen said. “A good fraction of the numbers that we have collected [about patents] haven't been useful...it's the wrong way to measure it.”
There is also concern that patenting costs most universities money, with only a few profiting. An analysis of technology transfer offices at US universities by the Brookings Institution in 2013 concluded that, despite a dramatic rise in the number of such offices since the late 1980s, the top 10 per cent of earners took about three-quarters of the income. Out of 155 offices, 130 were operating at a loss. Professor Daasbjerg said that patenting was often “bad business”.
Adam Stoten, chief operating officer at Oxford University Innovation, which helps academics with patents and intellectual property, acknowledged that “many technology transfer offices are not profitable”.
But their true mission was to “demonstrate impact” for the university, he said, arguing that “one has to consider the situation a bit more holistically”.
Dr Stoten added that if research could yield “a product, or part of a product, most companies are going to want to have some [IP] protection on that”.
“I don't see there being a broad spectrum shift to open science,” Dr Stoten said.
Bruno Reynolds, a senior consultant at Oxentia, Oxford's management consultancy company, also warned that “a policy of not filing any patent applications will not alleviate a university of legal negotiations when entering into collaborations with industry partners”.
david.matthews@timeshighereducation.com
Rumour Has It: Pardew Has Been Sacked...
By Tyne-Talk
May 21 2013
Social media site Twitter is on fire tonight with reports escalating over the last hour that Alan Pardew has been sacked by Newcastle United after the club held talks for most of the day. The rumours are unconfirmed with reports suggesting that an official announcement is due tomorrow.
Pardew signed a massive 8 year contract in September last year but the termination of his managerial contract at the club would not cost Mike Ashley as much as the headline would suggest. Instead Ashley would be expected to pay Pardew one year of his salary after a one year get out clause or pre agreed settlement fee was inserted into the contract.
Pardew who today became the 2nd longest serving manager in the Premier League, behind Arsene Wenger, has been at the club for two and a half years and has previously made no secret of the fact that his Newcastle career could be on the line after a relegation battle and 16th place finish in the League.
However, just three days ago Pardew was quoted by Sky Sports saying that there was no uncertainty about his position at the club. He said;
“There's no uncertainty about my position. I expect to be manager 100 per cent. It was a good lunch.
Mike just comes and generally has a chat, says hello to everyone and he thanked all the players for their efforts.
We all know it has not been our greatest season but you cannot say we've not given 100 per cent.
We have and therefore have a better scenario next year and we all have to pull together. That was basically his message.
Like all clubs, we will be sitting down again, discussing plans for next year."
So if the rumours are proved to be true would you want to see replace him? Gus Poyet or Roberto Di Matteo seem to be top contenders but Tony Pulis, Roberto Mancini and Rafa Benitez are all also free agents.
Follow us on Twitter for all news stories direct to your Twitter feed!
View a Printer Friendly version of this Story.
Bookmark or share this story with: Digg
Digg Delicious
Delicious Facebook
Facebook Reddit
Reddit Stumbleupon
Stumbleupon Tweet
A Deutsche Bank logo adorns a wall at the company's headquarters in Frankfurt Thomson Reuters (Reuters) - The United States Department of Justice is investigating trades worth billions of dollars that Germany's Deutsche Bank AG made on behalf of its Russian clients, Bloomberg reported, citing people familiar with the matter.
The probe investigates so-called mirror trades, where the bank's Russian clients bought stocks in rubles, and through simultaneous transactions in London, bought the same stocks in U.S. dollars, thereby moving funds out of Russia without informing authorities, Bloomberg reported.
Last month, The New York State Department of Financial Services (DFS) sought detailed information from Deutsche Bank on possible money-laundering transactions by some of its clients in Russia that could exceed $6 billion in total, a source familiar with the matter told Reuters.
Deutsche Bank declined to comment on this development and referred to its earlier statement published on the issue along with its annual report on July 30.
(Reporting by Ankush Sharma in Bengaluru; Editing by Steve Orlofsky)
The president of the United States of America should be beholden to no man, woman or entity. Do you believe that a presidential nominee who can raise $1 billion, with a "B," is beholden to nobody? Neither do I.
President Obama came into power promising sweeping changes to how America does business. America was going to re-emerge as a bastion for fair and transparent government. President Obama was going to clean up the messes and debacles created by the George W. Bush administration. The new, young, educated, intellectual leader of the free world was going to mend fences with our partners in the Middle East and the Muslim world, while becoming a friend to emerging superpowers like Turkey and China. He was going to open doors of dialogue with our vocal adversaries in North Korea, Iran and Venezuela, and support the rise of democracy in the oppressed areas of the world thirsting for their own democratic revolutions.
He was going to create a more equal tax structure, bring much-needed regulation and scrutiny to the financial markets, close Guantanamo Bay, start a troop withdrawal in Iraq and finally bring an end to the war in Afghanistan.
Three years after his election, we have less transparency in our financial markets, continuation of an unfair tax structure, depleting relations with many of our Middle East and Muslim allies, a blind eye to the atrocious actions of our oppressive allied governments of the Bahrain, Yemen and Egypt, a massive cloud of secrecy in Guantanamo Bay, an increase of troop levels in Afghanistan, an escalation of rhetoric with Iran and Iraqis having to beg the U.S. to end its occupation. Does this sound like the administration of a liberal, espousing "Change we can believe in"?
Obama apologists will bring up the president's successes, such as the end of "Don't Ask, Don't Tell," the passing of the Affordable Health Care Act and the end to the Iraq war. But those same liberals, either publicly or privately, believe the president didn't go far enough in pushing a public option in healthcare, didn't push for a complete withdrawal of American forces from Iraq, and are embarrassed by the fact that Mr. Obama's views on equality for same-sex couples are still "evolving." This same president additionally extended the Bush tax cuts as a compromise to end "Don't Ask, Don't Tell'" that clearly favored the GOP. Is that who devout liberals voted for? Change when it's negotiable or popular?
President Obama has been a failure to many Democrats, especially the liberal wing of the party, and all they can say to one another is, "At least he's not the GOP candidate." But what if the GOP candidate was Ron Paul? Ron Paul, the Texas congressman who has served over 30 years in the House of Representatives.
Yes, you read that correctly, a Republican from Texas. Congressman Paul is one of the most ideological members in the history of Congress. His vote is nearly never based on monetary donation or party affiliation. Like him or not, the man is a true individual. In fact many of Mr. Paul's ideas would be considered too liberal by most mainstream Democrat standards.
Though Mr. Paul is an old name in Beltway politics, he brings something completely new and refreshing to presidential politics: His unabridged and steadfast honesty. Ron Paul has not wavered in his voting or policy ideals, regardless of how unpopular his opinions can be. Congressman Paul wants to get rid of many federal agencies, including the Department of Education and the EPA, and would like to audit and perhaps abolish the Federal Reserve Bank. In that same breath, Mr. Paul advocated an end to the death penalty, the legalization of all drugs, the removal of American troops from across the globe and voted against the Patriot Act. Not exactly your father's brand of Republican.
Congressman Paul's positions are not "evolving" like President Obama. Mr. Paul's opinions are simply that: his own. Congressman Paul's beliefs have made him a "fringe" candidate by most media standards, even though he's polling in the top three among all GOP candidates in most states. His no-nonsense attitude and approach along with his unwavering and steadfast principles have helped him as much as they have hurt him as a GOP candidate. But imagine a world where Ron Paul was president; a promise to remove American troops from most of the world, the closing of Guantanamo Bay, the legalization of drugs, an audit of the Federal Reserve and the end of the death penalty. Now I know all these views may be a bit extreme, and I haven't even mentioned his strong conservative beliefs such as his strong anti-immigration approach, unequivocal disdain for abortion rights, pledge to never raise taxes and his criticism of the Civil Rights Act of 1964.
The most practical reason for liberals to vote for Ron Paul is that it would move the goal posts of discussions to a more liberal platform. Without a Democratic primary, Mr. Obama has had no reason to reach out to liberal supporters he has taken for granted. But with the "Occupy" movement focusing on campaign fundraising events for Republicans and Democrats alike, President Obama's become susceptible to the same attacks as his GOP contemporaries, except for Mr. Paul. Unlike all of the cookie cutter candidates in both parties, Mr. Paul strays from party lines on many critical issues, including issues that deep pocket contributor's support. On Dec. 15, at a GOP debate in Iowa where Mr. Paul is surging, he doubled down on his position against military action in Iran, and has been the only candidate to question our unquestioned support of Israel under any circumstance. Even with a surging campaign in Iowa, Mr. Paul refused to pander to the status quo GOP position against Iran and Israel -- a stand many believe could derail his chances of winning Iowa, but he did it anyways and with sincerity.
If Mr. Paul was a legitimate candidate in a general election, we could finally have an honest debate about campaign finance reform, military spending, torture of enemy combatants, immigration, the Federal Reserve, free trade agreements, gay marriage and prison sentences for drug use. These issues are just the tip of the iceberg of themes that are glazed over with gimmick answers and worthless slogans in normal presidential debates. With a candidate willing to stick to his convictions regardless of popularity, we can finally have an honest discussion, one that would finally make President Obama show his true colors, as either a leader with conviction, or as one that plays to the masses.
Introduction
Specifications
Earphones
Sensitivity: 120 dB SPL
Frequency response: 8 Hz - 20 kHz
Impedance: 20 ohm
Driver: Five balanced armature drivers with a passive three-way crossover
Bundle
Deluxe monitor case
Cleaning tool
Desiccant drying compound
Cleaning cloth
Bottle of Oto-Ease.
Today we will be taking a good and hard look at the Westone ES5 custom earphones. The ES prefix means that the earphones are apart of Westone's EliteSeries line-up which are constructed for musicians and audiophiles alike.The ES5 uses a different driver arrangement than the Westone designs before it. Instead of having multiple bass drivers this design features just one large driver. This should boost the high-end precision to some extent. The ES5 features a total of five balanced armature drivers, double mids and highs and a single woofer.Five drivers might not seem like a lot with the nearest competition using either six or eight drivers in their high end in-ears, but the number of drivers is not the only variable that affects the sound quality of the solution. Generally the more drivers you add the less overhead each driver has, however, with each added driver you run the risk of getting a higher level of phase alignment issues. The sweet spot in terms of drivers depends a lot on what drivers are used and what the crossover and shell is like.Westone is currently the only in-ear company that offers a hybrid shell design with a hard acrylic housing and a semi soft vinyl tip. This interesting combination allows for a better overall fit due to the fact that the nozzle part of the in-ear can deform with your ear canals. It may come as a surprise to many but the shape of your ear canals changes quite a bit depending on jaw position, thus affecting the quality of the acoustic seal. With a deformable canal piece the seal should be more uniform regardless of jaw position.Like all the other high-end in-ear manufacturers Westone offer different kinds of customization options in terms of appearance. The earphones we received for this review were made with their new ES Exotics faceplate. This is a $125 option for those that want a rad looking set of in-ears. For $95 Westone will print your own custom graphics on the face plates, which is a fair asking price.According to the specifications the ES5s are some of the most efficient in-ears around.This is one of the most comprehensive bundles we have come across from any custom in-ear company regardless of price. Everything is thought of including right from cleaning to easing insertion and wearing comfort with Oto-Ease.
Mandy Matula Missing, 'Person of Interest' Shoots Himself in Police Parking Lot
Email Print Whatsapp Menu Whatsapp Google Reddit Digg Stumbleupon Linkedin
Authorities are still searching for Mandy Marie Matula, 24, who was reported missing by her family on Thursday. Her ex-boyfriend, a person of interest, shot himself in the head while waiting to speak with police about the case.
Matula dated David Marshall Roe for several years and had planned to break off the relationship, her father told the Star Tribune. They were last seen together on Thursday morning at Miller Park in Eden Prairie, Minnesota. When Matula did not show up for work on time, her parents reported her missing to police; they last saw her late Wednesday evening.
Roe was a "person of interest" due to his relationship with Matula. Police wanted to speak with him to see what he knew about Matula's disappearance, but as he waited in the police parking lot, Roe pulled out a gun, then shot himself in the head. He had placed a piece of paper in his window before shooting himself, but police refuse to release any information about what was on the paper.
Police immediately called for an ambulance, and Roe's condition is still unknown at this time. They were forced to shut down the police station after the shooting in order to process the scene and collect any evidence.
Matula is described as a stellar athlete during her high school years and graduated from Eden Prairie High School in 2007. Since then, she worked as a seasonal city maintenance worked in Eden Prairie.
Police began searching the Miller Park in Eden Prairie, and the Hennepin County Water Patrol began looking for her near Mitchell Lake but changed to Round Lake in Eden Prairie. So far, no clues have been found as to where Matula may be.
Friends and family are praying for her safe return.
"Prayers go out to the Matula family! Mandy is such a great girl! She was my role model when I was younger!!" Ashley Astor tweeted.
"UMD Athletics is a family. We are all praying for your safe return, Mandy," added Kelly Grgas Wheeler. "Praying for the Matula family tonight."
Authorities are asking anyone with information to contact the Eden Prairie police at 952-949-6200.
Football fans have some free time in the summer as they wait for preseason to being or their star quarterback to finish battling the NFL via the justice system. Football fans, like most regular people, seem to enjoy music and so StubHub decided to see which concerts fans were attending. The list is based on fans who purchased tickets on StubHub for both NFL games and live concerts. The results are at times totally expected, sometimes surprising, and marginally hilarious (Eagles fans).
Arizona Cardinals
Favorite Band: U2
Atlanta Falcons
Favorite Band: The Rolling Stones
Baltimore Ravens
Favorite Band: Florida Georgia Line
Buffalo Bills
Favorite Band: Garth Brooks
The Cardinals and Falcons open up the list with strong candidates for king of dad music. Garth Brooks appears multiple times on this list and Buffalo is the least surprising location. Baltimore apparently forgot Dru Hill exists.
Carolina Panthers
Favorite Band: Taylor Swift
Chicago Bears
Favorite Band: The Rolling Stones
Cincinnati Bengals
Favorite Band: Jason Aldean
Cleveland Browns
Favorite Band: Garth Brooks
Garth Brooks is now the preferred choice of Browns and Bills fans. Is the infinite sadness within the arena swift and acute or dull and steady?
Dallas Cowboys
Favorite Band: Taylor Swift
Denver Broncos
Favorite Band: Kenny Chesney
Detroit Lions
Favorite Band: Kid Rock
Green Bay Packers
Favorite Band: Luke Bryan
This is the most sensible foursome on the list.
Houston Texans
Favorite Band: Kenny Chesney
Indianapolis Colts
Favorite Band: Ed Sheeran
Jacksonville Jaguars
Favorite Band: Elton John
Kansas City Chiefs
Favorite Band: Luke Bryan
I would have believed Jaguars fans would pay money to watch a dumpster get lit on fire if you told me so it's nice to see that they fill their spare time listening to one of the most prolific composers in a generation. Which brings us to Ed Sheeran as Indianapolis' hottest ticket. Seriously, Indianapolis? Ed Sheeran? Have a modicum of respect.
Miami Dolphins
Favorite Band: Ariana Grande
Minnesota Vikings
Favorite Band: Ed Sheeran
New England Patriots
Favorite Band: Billy Joel
New Orleans Saints
Favorite Band: Garth Brooks
For The Win's own Micah Peters, a native of New Orleans, was irate when he discovered the betrayal that had befallen him at the hands of his home. Micah's betrayal is nothing compared to that of the state of Massachusetts committing themselves to the patron saint of New York City and grandmothers from New Jersey, Billy Joel. AND ED SHEERAN AGAIN.
New York Giants
Favorite Band: Kenny Chesney
New York Jets
Favorite Band: Billy Joel
Oakland Raiders
Favorite Band: The Grateful Dead
Philadelphia Eagles
Favorite Band: Maroon 5
Take a hard look in the mirror, Eagles fans. Do you like what you see?
Pittsburgh Steelers
Favorite Band: U2
San Diego Chargers
Favorite Band: U2
San Francisco 49ers
Favorite Band: Grateful Dead
Seattle Seahawks
Favorite Band: Rush
I'm shocked Rush appears only once on this list and I'm also shocked that U2 isn't the most embarrassing band featured.
St. Louis Rams
Favorite Band: Ed Sheeran
Tampa Bay Buccaneers
Favorite Band: Luke Bryan
Tennessee Titans
Favorite Band: The Rolling Stones
Washington Redskins
Favorite Band: Foo Fighters
Seriously why do people like Ed Sheeran so much?
Whatever. He's nice enough, I guess.
Don't get cocky on me, Sheeran.
The key interlude occurred with the ubiquitous Kamala Harris, the same Senator Harris who failed the bar the first time she took the bar exam. Only a Kamala-Comey marriage could birth this debacle:
Harris: “So was there any kind of memorandum issued from the attorney general or the Department of Justice to the FBI, outlining the parameters of his recusal”? Comey: “Not that I'm aware of.”
Thursday night, Attorney General Sessions' Justice Department released a statement about Comey's testimony. The statement reads as follows:
“In his testimony, Mr. Comey states that he was not aware of any kind of memorandum issued from the Attorney General or the Department of Justice to the FBI outlining the parameters of the Attorney General's recusal. However, on March 2, 2017, the Attorney General's Chief of Staff sent the attached email specifically informing Mr. Comey and other relevant Department officials of the recusal and its parameters, and advising that each of them instruct their staff not to brief the Attorney General about or otherwise involve the Attorney General in any such matters described.” (internal ellipses omitted).
In fact, Comey almost certainly knew the “parameters of the Attorney General's recusal.”
It gets worse for Comey. Right before and right after the answer that triggered the DOJ's extraordinary written statement (name me the last time the DOJ publicly identified their recent ex-FBI Director as having just lied to Congress?), Comey denied knowledge about the “extent” of Sessions' recusal and denied knowing Sessions' scope of recusal as to “if he reviewed any FBI or DOJ documents.”
Congress criminalizes lying to Congress under oath. The relevant statutes are 18 USC 1621 and 18 USC 1001. Section 1621 requires a person first, be making a statement under a sworn oath; second, that statement be “material” to the proceeding; third, the statement be false; and fourth, the statement be knowingly and willfully false. Section 1001 mirrors those elements, without the same tribunal prerequisites: it also requires the government prove a person willfully made a materially false statements. In either case, the primary focus is: first, a false statement; second, a false statement as material to the matter; third, the false statement be made knowingly and willfully. A statement is not false if it can be interpreted in a completely innocent manner. A statement is not material if it is not particularly relevant or pertain to the subject of the matter. Willfully remains a very high standard of proof in the criminal law, though less in perjury cases than in tax cases: it requires the person know they are lying.
Sadly, for Comey, Sessions has the smoking gun: Sessions' own email sent and read by Comey, according to the Department of Justice statement, showing Comey in fact did know “the parameters of the Attorney General's recusal” despite his repeated comments to the contrary to Senator Kamala Harris' questions.
Dead. To. Rights. Maybe Comey will claim the Ruskies hacked his emails, and blame them instead?
Robert Barnes is a California-based trial attorney whose practice focuses on Constitutional, criminal and civil rights law. You can follow him at @Barnes_Law.
This is an opinion piece. The views expressed in this article are those of just the author.
LONDON: The risks associated with climate change have got some very important people worried − the people who pick up the bills, and those who clear up the mess or try to prevent it happening.
The world's biggest and oldest insurance market, Lloyd's of London, has published a report that urges insurers to include climate risks in their models. It says: “Scientific research points conclusively to the existence of climate change driven by human activity.
“Nevertheless, significant uncertainty remains on the nature and extent of the changes to our climate and the specific impacts this will generate. Many of the effects will become apparent over the coming decades and anticipating them will require forward projections, not solely historical data.”
Quoting the Munich Re insurance group, the World Bank says damage and weather-related losses around the world have increased from an annual average of $50bn in the 1980s to nearly $200bn over the last decade.
Causing havoc
The Lloyd's report was published the day after the US National Climate Assessment (NCA) warned Americans that climate change is already causing havoc across the country. John Holdren, the White House science adviser, said the NCA was the “loudest and clearest alarm bell to date signalling the need to take urgent action to combat the threats to Americans from climate change”.
The most expensive year on record for natural disasters was 2011, when insured losses cost the industry more than $126bn. In 2012, Superstorm Sandy caused $35bn of insured losses, making it the most expensive hurricane in US history after Hurricane Katrina in 2005.
The Lloyd's report says a 20cm rise in sea level at the southern tip of Manhattan Island increased Sandy's surge losses by 30% (up to $8bn) in New York alone.
John Nelson, chairman of Lloyd's, told the Guardian newspaper in London: “The destruction Sandy brought to the eastern US seaboard was responsible for claims of up to $300m in lost fine art, a consequence of the many expensive US beachfront homes damaged.”
Typhoon Haiyan, which devastated much of the Philippines and other parts of south-east Asia in November 2013, was one of the strongest tropical cyclones on record.
Trevor Maynard, head of exposure management and reinsurance at Lloyd's, said: “Climate change is very much here to stay. Hurricanes are getting stronger worldwide, and especially over the north Atlantic. . . At the moment we are heading for a rise of four degrees by the end of the century.”
Mission reality
It's not only the insurers who believe that climate change is a real and growing risk. Increasingly, the prospect is preoccupying military planners.
Mark Wright, a Pentagon spokesman, said: “This is a mission reality, not a political debate. The scientific forecast is for more Arctic ice melt, more sea-level rise, more intense storms, more flooding from storm surge, and more drought.”
A former US Navy officer, retired Vice-Admiral Lee Gunn, is reported by NBC News as saying that the 2011 Arab Spring uprising could in part be traced to a winter drought in China, plus record heat waves and flooding in several other countries, including Russia.
Gunn concluded: “There was a drought and a wheat shortage that resulted in an increase in wheat prices and, therefore, an increase in bread prices − a staple in North Africa.”
NBC says US security experts are also concerned by possible threats to the rice harvest in south-east Asia, and specifically in Vietnam. They say the melting of the Himalayan glaciers would add to sea-level rise, ruining rice production and ravaging Bangladesh. If it did, they believe, that could create a flow of refugees into India, and also threaten fresh water resources in India and Pakistan.
Dennis McGinn, the US Navy assistant secretary for energy, installations and environment, told NBC that there were also worries in military circles about unstable governments and fragile societies.
“The last thing in the world these nations need are the severe and more frequent effects of bad weather, including crop failures,” McGinn said. “Therein is a recipe for the kind of instability that will inevitably involve the United States in humanitarian assistance, disaster relief or, indeed, in a regional conflict.”
A further report, by 16 retired generals and admirals, says climate change is a direct threat to national security and the US economy. The authors, members of the Military Advisory Board of the not-for-profit CNA Corporation, blame rising temperatures for, in part, worsening international tension.
Their study says that the impacts of climate change are already intensifying instability in vulnerable regions, especially the resource-rich and rapidly changing Arctic. It says the projected impacts within the US will threaten its homeland security and major sectors of its economy.
Originally posted on Climate News Network, written by Alex Kirby.
Related News:
Climate change is a global security threat, warn military officials across the world
Bold EU renewables policies will bolster economic and energy security, leaders agree
IPCC report: Business, political, military and faith leaders call for ‘clean revolution' to avert climate disaster
cow slaughter +
GREATER NOIDA: Surajpur court on Thursday ordered Jarcha police to register FIR against seven members of Akhlaq family for alleged. District chief judicial magistrate Vijay Kumar ordered the police to register an FIR and investigate the matter.The order comes after a group of Bisada residents moved an application in the court under Section 156(3) of CrPC with a request to direct the police to lodge an FIR. The villagers, headed by Surajpal Singh (65), had filed a complaint based on the forensic report, which says the flesh was of cow or its progeny."Judicial Magistrate Vijay Kumar, acting on application moved under 156(3) CrPC for registration of a case, has ordered investigation and lodging of an FIR of cow slaughter against Akhlaq's family," said D S R Tripathi, Senior Prosecution Officer.SSP Dharmendra Yadav had said a case will be registered against the family only if the charge that the meat found in Akhlaq's home was beef was found to be true.Akhlaq was killed by a mob on September 29 last year on the suspicion that his family stored and consumed beef at their home.Rajeev Tyagi, lawyer of Surajpal Singh, said that he had named seven persons – Akhlaq, his wife Ikraman, mother Asghari, brother Jaan Mohammad, daughter Shaishta, son Danish in the complaint. Sona, wife of Jafaruddin, brother of Akhlaq, was also named in the complaint.Tyagi said that he had earlier approached the police but they had refused to register FIR. “We are happy that the court has ordered police to register FIR,” he said.Yusuf Saifi, lawyer of Akhlaq family, however, said that he would challenge the order in higher court. “All the accused persons have admitted their roles in Akhlaq murder. We will challenge the order in higher court,” Saifi said."On October 8, 2015, we had sent the copy of the complaint to SSP, DIG and other senior officials requesting that an FIR be lodged for cow slaughter against Akhlaq's family. Then we had moved an application before the judicial magistrate's court under CrPC 156(3) for issuing directions to police to lodge the FIR," said advocate B R Sharma.Sanjay Rana, the father of one of the accused, said, "The court has rightly ordered lodging of the FIR. The UP government was taking one-sided action. Now the court order has provided justice to other side too."Akhlaq's family said they were unhappy with the court order. Jaan Mohammad, Akhlaq's brother, said that the family is ready for a fair probe. “We came to know that the court has ordered for registration of an FIR against our family. We are ready for the probe,” he said.Jaan Mohammad denied the allegation that the family had slaughter a cow. "The accused's family claims that I killed a cow in my home. In fact, I had rented my home to a local named Swami. I live in Dadri and I was not at home. The officials can put my mobile phone on electronic surveillance to gather the information," he said.Asked if the registration of a case was a setback to him, he said, "Yes, it is."He also questioned how the meat sample which was earlier tested as goat meat turned cow after nine months. "The accused's family members approached me and mounted pressure to withdraw case. When we refused, they approached court for a counter FIR against our family. We have faith in judiciary and government. We hope justice will be delivered," he said. He said that that the family is apprehensive that the matter will be politicized for vested interest.On the night of September 28, 2015, a mob of locals had attacked Akhlaq (55) and his son Danish (21) at their residence at Bisada village in Dadri area on suspicion that they had killed a cow and stored its meat. Akhlaq succumbed to injuries while Danish survived with a fractured skull. Akhlaq's family has named 18 persons in this case. The matter is being heard in a fast-track court.
A rumour that has originated on NeoGAF suggests that Nintendo started working on a brand-new platform in early 2013. The platform is supposedly a handheld, which would make it the successor to the Nintendo 3DS. This is a rumour, but it's likely that Nintendo has already begun planning the followup to the successful 3DS console.
Almost certainly off-topic, but I don't quite want to make a new thread, because it would go to shit quickly. Also, I'd need to post a source, and I don't really want to get people in trouble. Anyway, Nintendo apparently started working on a new platform in early 2013 and has already selected a vendor for the SoC after talking to several potential candidates. The SoC might be based on an existing design, but will be changed to fit Nintendo's requirements. I assume it's for their next handheld, though.
Thanks, iceazeama
Syrian government forces launched a mortar and rocket assault on the country's third-largest city Friday night that activists said killed more than 200 people, intensifying pressure on the U.N. Security Council as it prepares to vote on a measure aimed at ending a bloody government crackdown.
If the death toll is confirmed, the military assault on Homs would be the single deadliest attack of the 10-month-old uprising that has devastated Syria.
The Security Council vote, which comes after months of swelling international outrage over the crackdown, is expected Saturday.
Military forces began to fire shells and rockets on the neighborhood of Khaldiyeh, a hotbed of protest, in the late evening, said activist Omar Shakir, speaking by telephone from the city. He said he heard hundreds of missiles strike the area.
The assault then spread to the Baba Amr and Bab al-Sebaa neighborhoods, with buildings collapsing on top of wailing residents. He estimated that at least 220 people were dead and more than 700 injured.
It was not possible, he said, to take the injured to hospitals because roads were blocked by security forces. Armed pro-government gangs had taken injured and dead people from the al-Amal hospital near Khaldiyeh, apparently to remove evidence of the offensive, he said.
People were being treated in makeshift field hospitals, he said, but he feared that many with head and chest injuries would die.
“Assad has lost control of this city and became mad, he became crazy to do these crimes,” he exclaimed.
Rami Abdulrahman, head of the British-based Syrian Observatory for Human Rights, said he had tallied the deaths in the city at 217 after speaking with residents. He added that Homs had been rocked by fighting between the Free Syrian Army opposition group and government forces before the assault began in the evening.
“From the 19 of March till now, this is the bloodiest day in Syria,” he declared, referring to the start of the uprising against the government of President Bashar al-Assad.
A government spokesperson declined to comment Saturday on the events of the previous night. The Syrian Arab News Agency, a state media outlet, said that footage of bodies said by the opposition to have been killed in Friday's bombardment were in fact “the corpses of the innocent citizens kidnapped, tortured and slaughtered by the armed terrorist groups.”
The agency cited a resident of Homs who said that she recognized the corpses of two of her relatives among those shown in videos, who had been kidnapped more than two months ago. If those killed had been hit by mortars, the agency article said, “their bodies would have been turned into tiny pieces.”
The attacks in Homs and other places across Syria, an anonymous source reportedly said to the agency, had been fabricated by the opposition ahead of a crucial U.N. vote on a resolution condemning Syria.
It was not possible to independently confirm the casualty estimates or details of the attack on Homs, which is about 100 miles north of Damascus.
In Washington, President Obama issued a statement Saturday strongly condemning what he called an “unspeakable assault” by the Syrian government against the people of Homs.
“Assad must halt his campaign of killing and crimes against his own people now,” Obama said. “He must step aside and allow a democratic transition to proceed immediately.”
British Foreign Secretary William Hague also condemned the reported killings, saying they displayed Assad's “cold-blooded cynicism” in the face of mounting international pressure for the United Nations to take action to end the bloodshed.
“The escalating violence underlines the critical importance of the U.N. Security Council adding its weight to the Arab League's efforts to end the crisis in Syria,” Hague said.
Secretary of State Hillary Rodham Clinton, speaking to reporters at a European security conference in Munich on Saturday, said that the United States stands with Europe alongside the Arab League “in demanding an end to the bloodshed and a democratic future for Syria.”
Dima Moussa, a U.S.-based Syrian American born in Homs, said she had spoken to several city residents, who described a scene of horror.
“At least four buildings have collapsed. There are still people under the rubble. It's the middle of the night — they can't get to them,” said Moussa, a member of the Syrian National Council opposition group.
Moussa said the timing of the attack was significant. Opposition groups across the country had used their weekly Friday protests to commemorate the 30th anniversary of a notorious assault on an uprising in the city of Hama. At least 10,000 people were killed in that fighting, according to rights groups' reporting at the time, and the date was highly emotional for protesters.
“I don't think that it was a coincidence that it was the 30th anniversary of the events in Hama,” Moussa said. “The regime is saying that this is what we do, we will do it again, and they are disregarding every human rights law that's out there, and obviously they are disregarding all the people's demands.”
However, she predicted that the protest movement would remain resilient, saying that already in the city of Idlib, people were holding nighttime demonstrations in support of the victims in Homs.
She added that activists were reporting that there had also been a large-scale assault on Zabadani, an area near Damascus where armed opponents of the government had negotiated a cease-fire with Syrian officials more than two weeks ago. It was not possible to immediately confirm details of either operation.
The assault on Homs comes as the U.N. Security Council prepares to vote on a contentious resolution condemning the Syrian government's response to the opposition demonstrations. Russia has strongly opposed such a move and called for a number of concessions to the proposed draft resolutions. One measure under discussion is a process of dialogue between the opposition and the Syrian government.
“It seems that the regime has read the stalling by the Russians as a license to stomp this out very quickly and then try and dictate the process of dialogue with the opposition,” said Andrew Tabler of the Washington Institute for Near East Policy.
“I don't understand how this resolution in New York can arrest what is happening in Syria,” he added. “The idea is that the Russians would use their influence to constrain the regime, but it seems that the regime is reading it the other way.”
The violence of the crackdown against an initially largely peaceful, if now increasingly armed, nationwide protest movement has drawn international condemnation. One Western diplomat, speaking in Damascus this week, said: “The regime has no moral scruples, no shame. They subordinate all that to a sense of honor.”
In Washington on Friday night, dozens of protesters waving Syrian flags gathered outside the Syrian Embassy to protest the killings in Homs. They chanted “Down, down with Assad” and “Free, free Syria.” The Reuters news agency reported protests at Syrian embassies in Britain, Germany and Egypt, where a crowd stormed the building.
Staff writer Karen DeYoung in Washington contributed to this report.
NEW YORK -- Rafael Palmeiro has signed with the Sugar Land Skeeters of the independent Atlantic League and plans to play alongside his son Patrick for the remainder of this season.
Palmeiro, 50, was a four-time All-Star who played for the Chicago Cubs (1986-88), Texas Rangers (1989-93, 1999-03) and Baltimore Orioles (1994-98, 2004-05). He hit .288 with 569 homers and 1,835 RBIs, but his career was tarnished by a 10-day suspension in 2005 for a positive steroids test -- after he testified at a congressional hearing that he had never taken the performance-enhancing drugs.
Palmeiro never received more than 12.6 percent of the vote for the Hall of Fame ballot and was dropped after the 2014 vote, when he fell below 5 percent.
Patrick Palmeiro, 25, signed with the Chicago White Sox organization in June 2012 and was released last October. He set a team-record for RBIs for the second time in three days, driving in six runs Thursday night in the Skeeters' 15-5 home victory over Camden. Palmeiro had five RBIs on Tuesday night against Camden.
"We discussed me playing earlier this year and it's something I've looked forward to since then," Rafael Palmeiro said in a statement. "The chance to play with my son is an opportunity the Skeeters have offered me and I'm very excited to make it happen this weekend."
Information from The Associated Press was used in this report.
In 2010, Jesse Itzler—a successful businessman behind ventures ranging from a prepaid private jet company, to Zico coconut water, and even the Atlanta Hawks—decided to radically change his life. He wanted to become mentally tougher and thought that the best, or at least the most effective way to do that was by inviting a Navy SEAL to live with him for a month. But he didn't call upon just any SEAL. Itzler enlisted David Goggins, who, thanks to his outrageous feats of endurance, many consider to be the toughest man on the planet. Goggins' range is impressive: he holds the 24-hour record for pullups—4,030, or 168 per hour—and has placed highly in numerous ultra-endurance races. In 2006, Goggins placed fifth in the 135-mile Badwater Ultramarathon after taking up running less than a year prior.
The result of Itzler's experiment was his bestselling (and hilarious) book, Living with a SEAL: 31 Days Training with the Toughest Man on the Planet, published in 2015. While it's one thing to embrace the intense lifestyle of a SEAL for a month, it's another to hold onto it for the long haul. Now that significant time has passed, I was curious to know what, if anything, had stuck with Itzler. In other words, what are the sustainable lessons of living with a SEAL? This is what Itzler told us.
Do Something Hard Every Day
I do a workout every morning in which I purposefully try to make myself uncomfortable. It sets me up for the rest of the day by reminding me that I can choose to be OK in the midst of tough challenges. After you've physically suffered, not much that happens in a business meeting is going to shake you up.
Don't Put Off the Little Things—Just Get Them Done
I used to delay doing stuff that I just didn't want to deal with—things like putting the garden hose away properly or doing the dishes right after dinner. Now I have this little voice in my head that says, “I know you don't want to do this, but just do it anyway.” In other words, there's far less stuff that I put off until tomorrow. On the whole, I think this makes me more productive and probably even happier. Plus, it sets the tone for my whole life. It's like that old saying: “How you do anything is how you do everything.”
Simplicity
I'm much more of a minimalist since living with David. This isn't to say I've given up all the things I love. It's just that, for example, I've gone from having countless pairs of shoes to just a few. I've found that eliminating not-so-important choices really frees up my mental capacity to think about the important ones.
Say No to Stuff
Goggins forced me to complete massive workouts every morning, so inherently, I had less time to do other things. As good as these workouts were for my physical health, they may have been even better for my mental health because they forced me to prioritize my time more seriously, which I still do today. I put my life into four buckets: I sleep seven hours a day. I take three hours for myself so I don't resent the people I'm closest to. I work for about eight hours. And I set aside six hours for hygiene and all the other random stuff that comes up. I don't let anything encroach upon the sleep, me, or work buckets, which means turning down unimportant things. Time is the most precious resource there is—you have to protect it.
Have a Plan
My entrepreneurial life really mirrors the mind-set of a SEAL or training for a big race: there's preparation and game planning, plus execution. To do the latter well, you need to nail the former.
A Chinese soldier stands guard in central Beijing. Persistent smog over several days has triggered the city's first ever air quality 'red alert' (Image by weibo)
Beijing on Tuesday declared its first ever red smog alert, forcing millions of cars off the roads and the closure of factories and construction sites as China's capital once again tries to deal with another bout of severe air pollution.
The red alert, which also advises offices and schools being allowed to close, enables drastic measures that are usually reserved for major events such the Second World War victory parade held in early October this year.
Although the current levels of smog aren't as high as at other times this year, the persistent levels of toxic air over a period of several days have prompted the red alert, as visibility has fallen to just a few hundred metres and the threat to public health increases.
Levels of PM2.5, tiny fragments of particulate matter deemed highly harmful as they are inhaled deep into the lungs, were measured to be as high as 350 microgrammes per cubic metre early Tuesday evening Beijing time, compared with 25 microgrammes the level the World Health Organisation thinks it is safe to inhale.
Early last month, levels of PM2.5 exceeded 1,000 microgrammes per cubic metre in some parts of the city, but then soon dispersed. This time round the smog is hanging around for longer.
The red alert, which began at 7am local time today, will run until midday on 10 December, the first time a red alert has been issued by Beijing's municipal pollution command centre. An orange alert had already been in place since the weekend, prompting questions from Beijing's residents about why a red alert wasn't declared sooner.
Experts explained in Chinese language media that the authorities had been reluctant to declare a red alert until it was sure that smog-forming weather conditions–such as humidity and lack of wind–would persist for several days.
The drastic measures required by a red alert, such as banning half the city's cars from the roads and forcing factories to close, have a huge economic cost in a city of over 20 million people.
Beijing has seen suffered several bouts of smog since the arrival of colder weather in autumn. The first smog alert in the latter half of the year came into effect on October 5, just days after ‘Parade Blue' skies were seen over Beijing and altogether, eight have been issued so far since the summer– two blue alerts, three yellow, two orange and one red.
In March, Beijing updated its plans for responding to severe pollution. The city has four levels of alert: If ‘severe' pollution is expected to continue for one day, a blue alert is issued; for two days a yellow alert; for three days an orange alert, and for any longer than three days a red alert.
Although much of Beijing's pollution migrates from surrounding provinces, where heavy industry and district heating emits harmful particulates and burns large amounts of smog-causing coal, around two-thirds of the capital's toxic air is judged to come from sources within the city limits. Vehicles are estimated to account for one-third of Beijing's smog, with construction, household burning of coal and other highly localised activities believed to account for the remainder.
Press Release
Gravitational Lensing in the Peculiar "Magatama" Galaxy
March 31, 2013
In a course of studying young galaxies at a distance of 11.6 billion light years from Earth, a team of astronomers led by Professor Yoshiaki Taniguchi (Ehime University) noticed a strangely shaped galaxy that looks like a "magatama", an ancient, comma-shaped Japanese amulet made of stone (Figure 1). Subsequent research revealed that the magatama galaxy was actually an overlapping system of two young galaxies lying in an extremely close line of sight--an exceedingly rare occurrence among celestial objects. The small angular separation between the foreground and background galaxies gave the current team an opportunity to investigate the effect of gravitational lensing on the properties of the background galaxy. A member of the team, university student Yuya Nakahiro (Ehime University), calculated that the effect of gravitational amplification would be 20% at most. The foreground young galaxy is still forming, and the team concluded that the gravitational lensing effect from such a young galaxy does not affect the luminosity of its background galaxy.
Figure 1: The imaging data taken with the Hubble Space Telescope (HST) of LAE 221724+001716 (left). The shape of LAE 221724+001716 in the HST image is peculiar and looks like a "magatama", an ancient Japanese amulet made of stone (right). (Credit: Ehime University)
The focus of the team's research was the young galaxy LAE 221724+001716, which lies about 11.6 billion light years from Earth. Team member Dr. Akio Inoue (Osaka Sangyo University) had made observations with the Subaru Telescope's prime focus camera (Suprime-Cam) and identified this galaxy as one of those emitting strong ultraviolet radiation that ionizes hydrogen atoms (Note); it is a Lyman-alpha emitter (LAE) and can provide important clues about the progenitors of Milky-Way type galaxies. Although he noticed that there was a separation between the galaxy itself and the emission point of ionizing radiation, he concluded that this galaxy did not include the effect of any foreground galaxies, given the negligible probability of an overlapping foreground galaxy with such a small separation from its background galaxy. However, another research team using Keck's Low Resolution Imaging Spectrometer (LRIS) found that the radiation, originally interpreted as ionizing radiation from LAE 221724+001716, came from a foreground galaxy located about 9.9 billion light years from Earth. Figure 2 shows the context for the images from the Subaru Telescope and HST in light of this revised interpretation.
a) b) Figure 2: The shape and scale of the galaxies composing the magatama galaxy.
a) Reference figure for the physical scales of the foreground and background galaxies. Using the physical scale of 10 kilo light years, the red lines represent the foreground galaxy while the blue lines represent the background galaxy. (Credit: Ehime University)
b) The schematic view of LAE 221724+001716's shape (top) and imaging data taken with the Subaru Telescope (bottom left and middle) and the HST (bottom right). While both emissions detected in NB359 and NB497 images were originally thought to come from LAE 221724+001716, later observations revealed that most of the emission in NB359 comes from a foreground galaxy and that two distinct galaxies overlap and lie in an extremely close line of sight in the sky. 1 arcsecond (arcsec) is equal to 1/3600 of arc (part of a curve or circle). (Credit: Ehime University)
Dr. Inoue expressed his surprise at the finding: "This result was very amazing to me, since this is the discovery of an extremely rare system." The finding sparked Professor Taniguchi's idea for the current research: "Soon after I knew this observational result, I became aware of the possibility that light from LAE 221724+001716 is gravitationally amplified by the foreground galaxy".
According to Einstein's Theory of Relativity, when light from an object in the distant universe travels close to a foreground source, it bends and amplifies (or magnifies) the light from the background object (Figure 3). This gravitational lensing effect facilitates the detection of faint objects not originally bright enough for detection.
a) b) Figure 3: Examples of gravitational lensing
a) Schematic view of how gravitational lensing works. If there is not a foreground gravitational source, the black lines show how the light travels from the distant object and reaches Earth. If a gravitational source lies between Earth and the distant object, the red lines show how the light path bends and travels around the gravitational source. As a result, the distant object is amplified and another path of light reaches us. (Credit: Ehime University)
b) Schematic view of LAE 221724+001716's configuration. Due to the gravitational lensing effect, light from the actual location of background galaxy 11.6 billion light years distant from Earth bends around the foreground galaxy that is 9.9 billion light years distant. As a result, the red-filled star (separated by 0.6 arcseconds from the foreground galaxy) shows the position at which the background galaxy was observed. (Credit: Ehime University)
However, it is important to know how large the gravitational amplification is in order to estimate the object's absolute luminosity, which relates to its stellar mass and formation history. Team member Nakahiro performed most of the amplification research as part of his university studies. Using observational data from the Subaru Telescope, the team used three quantities for estimating amplification to evaluate the mass of the foreground galaxy: 1) the distance from Earth to the background galaxy, 2) the distance between the foreground and background galaxies, and 3) the angular separation between the two galaxies.
The team found that the stellar mass of the foreground object was about a billion solar masses, which corresponds to only one percent of our Milky Way's mass (Figure 4).
Figure 4: The relationship between the gravitational amplification factor and the stellar mass of the foreground galaxy. The red vertical line represents the upper limit of the estimated stellar mass, which provides an upper limit to the gravitational amplification. (Credit: Ehime University)
The estimated stellar mass is rather small among the galaxies in the Universe, and its gravitational amplification is only about 20% at most. The foreground galaxy is still forming, and its stellar mass is increasing. The team concluded that the gravitational lensing effect from such young, forming galaxy does not significantly affect the luminosity of any background galaxies.
Nakahiro looks forward to future research in this area with great enthusiasm: "In this research, we have analyzed the gravitational amplification for only one object. Thus far, we have found similar objects in the literature, so I will evaluate the gravitational lens effects of these objects and tackle the challenging questions of our Universe."
References:
These results are published in the April 1st 2013 issue of the Astrophysical Journal, as "A Gravitational Lens Model for the Lya Emitter, LAE 221724+001716 at z=3.1 in the SSA 22 Field", Y. Nakahiro, Y. Taniguchi, A. K. Inoue, Y. Shioya, M. Kajisawa, M. A. R. Kobayashi, I. Iwata, Y. Matsuda, T. Hayashino, A. R. Tanaka, & K. Hamada.
Members of the research team are:
Yuya Nakahiro (Ehime University)
Yoshiaki Taniguchi (Ehime University)
Akio K. Inoue (Osaka Sangyo University)
Yasuhiro Shioya (Ehime University)
Masaru Kajisawa (Ehime University)
Masakazu A. R. Kobayashi (Ehime University)
Ikuru Iwata (National Astronomical Observatory of Japan)
Yuichi Matsuda (National Astronomical Observatory of Japan)
Yuki Hayashino (Tohoku University)
Ayaka R. Tanaka (Ehime University)
Katsuhiko Hamada (Ehime University)
Acknowledgements:
This research was supported by the Japan Society for the Promotion of Science
(Nos. 17253001, 19340046, 23244031, 23654068, 23684010, and 24244018).
Notes:
For more information, refer to the February 24, 2009 Subaru Telescope (Science Results) Press Release "Strong UV Radiation Detected in the Most Distant Galaxies". The imaging data of LAE 221724+001716 taken by the Subaru Telescope are shown in the middle-left panel of Figure 3.
Artist Mack Williams' rendering of his proposed revision of Georgia's Stone Mountain. Artist Mack Williams' rendering of his proposed revision of Georgia's Stone Mountain. Photo: Mack Williams, Courtesy Photo: Mack Williams, Courtesy Image 1 of / 4 Caption Close Man petitions to have Outkast join Confederate icons on Stone Mountain 1 / 4 Back to Gallery
Stone Mountain in Georgia is a massive bas-relief that depicts Stonewall Jackson, Robert E. Lee and Jefferson Davis on horseback. It was a Klan rallying point and understandably offends a lot of people, including the NAACP which recently called for the monument to be sand-blasted off.
One brave American thinks he has a solution to this outdated glorification of the Confederacy: Add Outkast to it.
Artist Mack Williams mocked up a rendering of what his 'Stank Mountain' would look like. The famous Atlanta rap duo is depicted lounging in a Cadillac, modern man's answer to a loyal steed. They also appear to be having a much better time than Jeff Davis and Co.
"By no means do we wish to erase or destroy the current carving, which, regardless of its context, is an impressive and historic work of art," Williams says on his MoveOn.com petition. "We simply wish to add new carvings, of Atlanta hip-hop duo Outkast, to the mountainside. There's plenty of room."
Williams' petition has over 8,000 signatures and was acknowledged by Outkast member Big Boi himself, who has repeatedly retweeted people soliciting for more signatures.
"Outkast are two of the greatest Georgians in the history of our state," Williams says. "It's about time the Empire State of the South paid proper tribute to them, while also improving a great monument and tourist attraction."
The Aadhaar cardholders who have yet not done linked their bank account or PAN card with Aadhaar, they can breathe a sigh of relief. The Center has informed that it has extended the mandatory Aadhaar card linking deadline till March 31, 2018 for various services and welfare schemes.
"It has come to notice that some of the taxpayers have not yet completed the linking of PAN with Aadhaar. Therefore, to facilitate the process of linking, it has been decided to further extend the time for linking of Aadhaar with PAN till 31st March, 2018," the ministry has said in a statement.
The Supreme Court has set up a five-judge Constitution bench to hear the plea of petitioners who have challenged this move of government of linking Aadhaar with various services on the grounds of right to privacy. The hearing will take place next week. While the deadline for bank account and PAN card have been extended, the last date for linking your mobile phone with Aadhaar remains February 6, 2018.
The government earlier had announced December 31 , 2017 as the deadline for all Aadhaaris to link their 12 digit Aadhaar card number with bank accounts, PAN card, various other services and wellfare schemes for the poor. Shyam Divan, a senior advocate representing those who are opposed to the Aadhaar linking, told the bench that the centre should give an undertaking that no coercive steps should be taken against those who fail to link their Aadhaar card.
Also Read: Is August 31 the deadline for Aadhaar-PAN linking? Yes, no and it's complicated
So now the new deadline for the PAN card, bank account and other services is March 31, 2018. The government has made it mandatory to link Aadhaar number with PAN card, bank account and various services to bring transparency and get hold of illegal black money.
Here's how to link your bank account with Aadhaar card:
There are two ways to link your bank account with Aadhaar-offline and online. For offline method, fill up the Aadhaar application form and carry it along to your bank. For online, it can be done via net banking.
To check if your bank account has been linked or not, follow these steps:
1. Go to the UIDAI website.
2. Click on Check Aadhaar & Bank Account Linking Status
3. Enter your Aadhaar number and security code. An OTP will be generated and sent to your registered mobile number. Enter the OTP and login.
4. You can now see the status of your Aadhaar linking.
You can also check the status through your mobile phone. Just dial *99*99*1# > enter your Aadhaar number> confirm. You will now be able to see the status. Please note that this is only possible if your mobile number is linked to Aadhaar.
To link Aadhaar with PAN card:
1. Log on to the Income Tax department's e-filing portal -- www.incometaxindiaefiling.gov.in.
2. Enter the asked details and click on Link Aadhaar shown at the end of the page. You PAN card is now linked to Aadhaar.
To link phone number with Aadhaar:
1. Visit your nearest Aadhaar centre or download the Aadhaar update form.
2. Fill up the form with the phone number you want to link.
3. Submit the form along with photocopy of your Aadhaar and a id proof document such as PAN card, Voter ID card etc.
4. Your form submission will be verified after which you will be given an acknowledgement slip. Your phone number will be linked within 10 days.
What a time to be alive!
New Hampshire is really cranking things up a notch in 2016 with some proposed changes that could make us the envy of New England.
Up first is the bill to lower the drinking age to 18-years-old in the state. State representative Max Abramson from Seabrook has the proposal to "allow 18- to 20-year-olds to drink anywhere as long as they were accompanied by someone older than 21."
Their blood alcohol content would still be limited to .05, which would prevent underage binge drinking.
We have all been underage drinkers at one time or another and there are obviously millions of them out there right now. Teens will want to drink alcohol because our entire culture is built around having a good time with some drinks. Let's continue making drinking alcohol a skill learned responsibly over time rather than a tempting mystery that will proceed to punch them in the face without warning.
I like the way other countries do it where they start em off with some alcohol young and then it isn't such a big deal later in life. Seems to dispel all the excitement around binge drinking later in life.
Another juicy tidbit of hedonistic legislation is a proposal to decriminalize prostitution in New Hampshire . Rep. Elizabeth Edwards from Manchester. The profession wouldn't be legal or licensed with this bill, but it would be a first step.
Much like the underage drinking issue, there are millions of guys and girls out there who are looking to pay for sex. You cannot stop it and the only thing we should focus on is making it safer for the people who choose to go into the profession.
There is no harm involved between two consenting adults, so let's regulate and tax the prostitution profession.
Don't like the idea of individuals paying for sex? That is totally fine. I can see the negatives associated with this particular job. However, we cannot hope to legislate away the moral choices between consenting adults.
These two proposals are probably going to get destroyed in the legislative process, but I would like to believe that they will see the light of day at some point. Let's think smart and pass bills based on reason, like the ones noted above, and create changes that make sense.
Those of you who listened Tuesday afternoon to "The Aaron Rodgers Show" on ESPN 540 in Milwaukee know that the Green Bay Packers have been deeply, deeply impacted by the death of offensive coordinator Joe Philbin's 21-year-old son.
Speaking in low tones and a halting voice, Rodgers said, "It's been a rough couple days around the facility," and, "a lot of us have been really upset."
It's fair to wonder about the Packers' mental state when they begin practicing Wednesday for Sunday's divisional playoff game against the New York Giants. Rodgers expressed confidence but also acknowledged reality.
"We're all professionals," Rodgers said. "We have to be able to separate the on-the-field from the off-the-field stuff. And make sure when you're at work, you remain focused. But we're human as well, and the human element is that it's on your mind. You're thinking about it. You're thinking about Joe."
Rodgers said that "a lot of people" have visited the Philbin family home to express condolences and said he spoke with Philbin, as well.
"What do you say to someone who has lost their son in a tragic way like this?" Rodgers said. "At 28, there are no words I can say to comfort him. I wanted him to know how much I care about him and [his wife] Diane and the family and I'm praying for him.
"But I think once we get in here on Wednesday, it's going to be about beating the Giants and making sure we're doing everything we can do to play our best game."
The Packers are scheduled to practice at noon ET Wednesday then will conduct postpractice interviews with reporters.
Related: For a sense of why the Philbins' loss has hit so hard, make sure you read Andrew Brandt's column over at the National Football Post. Brandt is a former Packers executive.
President Jacob Zuma used his position as the keynote speaker at a wreath laying ceremony commemorating the 24th anniversary of the murder of Chris Hani to claim the marches against him on Friday were racist.
Read Zuma's full statement at the Chris Hani wreath laying below:
Mrs Dimpho Hani and family,
Minister Nathi Mthethwa and all Ministers present,
Acting Premier of Gauteng Ms Barbara Creecy and all MECs,
The Executive Mayor of Ekurhuleni Mr Mzwandile Masina and all mayors present,
Leaders of the ANC, SACP, COSATU and SANCO present,
Traditional and religious leaders present here,
Fellow South Africans,
We are gathered here to once again commemorate the life of a distinguished freedom fighter and revolutionary, Tembisile Chris Hani.
Today marks exactly 24 years since he was brutally assassinated by right-wing conspirators who sought to derail our march to freedom and democracy. He was taken away from his family and the people who adored him and looked up to him.
The killers wanted to plunge the country into civil war so as to prevent us from achieving a democracy in which government would be built by the majority will of the people.
Comrade Chris Hani demonstrated throughout his life and at the hour of his death that he lived for his people.
Anti-Zuma marches racism against blacks‚ says Zuma President Jacob Zuma‚ the keynote speaker at a wreath-laying ceremony commemorating the 24th anniversary of Chris Hani's death‚ honoured Hani's legacy and made specific reference to his intolerance for racism.
He taught many young men and women within the ANC and the Alliance that personal suffering was the price to be paid in defence of the interests of the oppressed black people.
In their actions, the killers of Chris Hani, sought to sow division amongst the people of South Africa so that they could protect minority interests.
However, the leadership of President Nelson Mandela rose to the occasion and called on all of us not to allow minority interests and the actions of disruptors to shift our focus.
President Mandela called on all of us to honour the sacrifice of Comrade Chris Hani by uniting and accelerating our advance towards democratic elections.
The ANC has lost its sanity‚ says ruling party MP Senior ANC member of parliament Makhosi Khoza has lashed out at the ruling party's leadership‚ saying that it was effectively handing over power to the opposition.
Indeed, we used that sombre occasion as a platform to push harder for freedom and democracy and eventually held our first democratic election on 27 April 1994; on the principle of one person, one vote.
This year we are also commemorating the Centenary of President Oliver Reginald Tambo.
Comrade Chris Hani and President Oliver Tambo are two of the most distinguished servants and leaders of our people in the struggle for freedom and justice.
They passed away, one after the other in April 1993, having successfully laid the foundation for the victory of the people in their struggle against white minority rule.
Inspector General probes origin of Gordhan intelligence report The Inspector General of Intelligence‚ Sethlomamaru Dintwe‚ is investigating the origins of the intelligence report apparently used by President Jacob Zuma to fire Pravin Gordhan.
Our youth and future generations need to understand the life and contribution of these two outstanding patriots.
It is for this reason that on the 24th of March 2017 we declared as National Heritage Sites, the grave of Chris Hani, the Chris Hani Memorial and the Chris Hani Memorial and Walk of Remembrance.
The leadership of Ekurhuleni must utilise the new status of these monuments, alongside other historic monuments of liberation, to build a thriving cultural tourism sector that also creates jobs for local people.
Compatriots,
We also need to remember that Chris Hani was a committed advocate of a kind of democratic transformation that would bring about political, social and economic justice in our country.
ANC's Mkhize lashes out at ANCYL hecklers at Kathrada memorial ANC treasurer general Zweli Mkhize has lashed out at the party's Youth League supporters for heckling him and former finance minister Pravin Gordhan at a memorial service for late stalwart Ahmed Kathrada. Gordhan was one of the main speakers at the service for Kathrada‚ held in Durban on Sunday.
He believed that our democracy would only be meaningful if it guaranteed equality in the access to education, healthcare, jobs and housing among others.
It is because of such beliefs that we made sure that the Constitution of the Republic affirms the principles of equality, freedom and justice for our people.
We ensured that the Constitution enshrines the creation of a better life for our people, through the inclusion of socio-economic rights, such as the right to water, sanitation, quality education and health care and other important basic services.
We have been able to alleviate poverty through providing social grants to more than 17 million of our people the majority of whom are vulnerable children, older persons and persons with disability, in line with the Constitution. Government will always make sure to overcome whatever challenges may threaten the provision of this important social security net to our people.
Save SA concerned about attacks against and intimidation of anti-Zuma protesters The Save South Africa campaign has voiced its concern about what it calls a trend of attacks and intimidation against those exercising their right to protest against Jacob Zuma's “corrupt” rule.
Comrade Chris Hani also advocated very passionately, the need for our democracy to transform the systems of economic participation. He insisted that a democratic government had a duty to build a modern economy at the hands of all our people, particularly black people.
As you may recall, earlier this year, while delivering the State of the Nation Address in Parliament, I reminded the country of the message of President Oliver Tambo regarding the content of a future democratic society.
The message was delivered at a South African Communist Party anniversary meeting in London in 1981.
He said: “The objective of our struggle in South Africa, as set out in the Freedom Charter, encompasses economic emancipation. It is inconceivable for liberation to have meaning without a return of the wealth of the country to the people as a whole.
“To allow the existing economic forces to retain their interests intact is to feed the roots of racial supremacy and exploitation, and does not represent even the shadow of liberation.
“It is therefore a fundamental feature of our strategy that victory must embrace more than formal political democracy; and our drive towards national emancipation must include economic emancipation.”
The ANC will continue to defend Zuma: Lindiwe Zulu Small Business Development Minister Lindiwe Zulu says the African National Congress will continue to defend President Jacob Zuma‚ despite mounting pressure and calls for him to step down.
Over the past two decades of democratic governance, we have achieved a lot in the transformation of our economy.
We have built a growing black middle class with access to work opportunities in areas that were historically denied to them. We have created pathways for the emergence of black owned businesses in various sectors of our economy.
However, the impact of these changes has not been to the desired effect.
Twenty-three years into our freedom and democracy, the majority of black people are still economically disempowered. They are dissatisfied with the limited economic gains from liberation.
Therefore, it is out of this historic knowledge about the essence of our struggle for democracy that we have decided to focus firmly on radical socio-economic transformation in the remaining term of this government, as informed by the 2012 resolutions of the governing party, the ANC.
Stop using funerals and memorials to fight political battles: Zuma President Jacob Zuma on Saturday launched a scathing attack on those using funerals and memorial services to attack “fellow comrades”‚ saying it bordered on “terrible and dangerous” politics.
The ANC government defines Radical Socio-Economic Transformation to mean the fundamental change in the structure, systems, institutions and patterns of ownership, management and control of the economy in favour of all South Africans, especially the poor, the majority of whom are African and female.
We want to move beyond the minority control of our economic assets towards democratic, inclusive and equitable economic relations of control and ownership.
We want to see more opportunities being provided for local producers to sell their products so that our hard-pressed economy can grow.
We want to see more black owned companies benefitting from government's five hundred billion rand procurement budget, so that we can further grow black business and entrepreneurship.
We want to see more young people becoming entrepreneurs and obtaining support from government and the private sector. We want to see more black people becoming farmers or industrialists.
We want to see more black people owning companies that are listed on the Johannesburg Stock exchange.
We also want to see an improvement in the implementation of the affirmative action policy especially within the private sector.
Reports by the Employment Equity Commission each year indicate that the top and senior management positions of top companies remain overwhelmingly white and male.
Black professionals indicate that they are being overlooked for promotion in many companies.
The private sector also needs to attend to the accusations that the salaries of black and white professionals doing the same job are still unequal in this free and democratic South Africa. These are serious transformation issues that cannot be ignored.
Importantly, we remember well that our radical political transformation towards democracy in 1994 was achieved through united action.
We were able to make progress because all democratic forces closed ranks and put up a united front against minority interests that sought to prevent the achievement of our objectives.
We must therefore unite as South Africans behind this project of building a sustainable economy.
We need to unite even more now given the challenges we face locally and globally.
Earlier this morning, I met with the Finance Minister and the Deputy Minister, the Governor of the SA Reserve Bank and the SARS Commissioner to discuss further, the impact of the credit rating downgrades and how we should respond adequately and unite the country as we move forward.
The Finance Minister has been engaging the business community.
Engagements with all social partners including labour will continue, because we make progress and find solutions when we work together.
Compatriots,
Comrade Chris Hani believed in a non-racial society. In his memory, we must continue building a non-racial society and fight racism wherever it rears its ugly head.
We have sadly not yet succeeded in building the non-racial society that we envisaged. There is a resurgence of racism in our country. It is also clear that racists have become more emboldened.
The marches that took place last week demonstrated that racism is real and exists in our country.
Many placards and posters displayed beliefs that we thought had been buried in 1994, with some posters depicting black people as baboons. It is clear that some of our white compatriots regard black people as being lesser human beings or sub-human.
The racist onslaught has become more direct and is no longer hidden as was the case in the early years of our constitutional democratic order.
Racists no longer fear being caught or exposed.
In the fight to combat racism, we should look beyond only overt racist utterances and public displays that we saw during the marches last week.
We should also look at the ideological and institutional machinations that continue to give racism more traction.
Racism is a gross violation of human rights and plunged this country into decades of conflict in the past. We cannot allow and assist racists to take our country backwards.
At a legislative level, Government has published the Prevention and Combating of Hate Crimes and Hate Speech Bill.
Once it becomes law, it will criminalise several forms of discrimination including on the basis of race, gender, sexual orientation, religion and nationality.
We call upon all freedom loving South Africans to unite and fight racism in our country, in the memory of Comrade Chris Hani. Chris Hani abhorred racism and fought against it all his life. He tragically lost his life at the hands of hard-core racists.
It will take time, but it needs to be done if we are to achieve a truly united and non-racial society.
Compatriots,
As we navigate the transformation of our country, we encounter various challenges along the way.
Our people are also experiencing frustration and we will have misunderstandings in trying to choose the best path forward.
However, we should never forget that one of the trademarks of South Africa's transition to democracy was tolerance and peaceful co-existence.
We must co-exist and tolerate one another, around a common vision of social justice, reducing inequality, maintaining political stability and national unity.
As we celebrate the life of Chris Hani, we must work together to build a better life for all of our people, in spite of the economic hardships that we face currently.
We must face the difficult times together, and united, we shall succeed.
Compatriots and friends,
It is my pleasure and honour to officially unveil and launch today, as National Heritage Sites - the grave of Chris Hani, the Chris Hani Memorial and the Chris Hani Memorial and Walk of Remembrance.
I thank you!
-Issued by: The Presidency
Next Saturday (9/06) is my one year blogiversary! I didn't want to do a huge giveaway, but I did want it to be special. I've gotten three customs made, two of which I posted about yesterday. Shipped directly from Philly Loves Lacquer the winner will get Violet Blooms, a deep purple jelly with holo micro glitter, and Tootsie's Teal, a teal jelly with holo micro glitter. From Smokey Mountain Lacquers is Ocean Nymph, a dark teal jelly with green, blue, gold, and purple glitters. And from me the winner will get a 2oz bottle of Zoya Remove+, 3 rolls of striping tape, and their choice of one of the new fall holos coming out September.
There will only be one prize pack, so make sure to do the two daily options every day for extra entries. This giveaway will only be active for one week starting today, so go enter HERE! Entrants must be 18 or over and have a US mailing address. If you are outside of the US you can enter if you are able to get somebody in the US to receive the packages and then send them to you. PLL, SML, and MFP are not responsible for packages after they have been sent out.
Advertisements
Photo: AP
One of the frontrunners for the Philippine presidency has been caught on tape airing several fairly damning thoughts on a brutal rape and murder that occurred in the country in 1989.
In a video uploaded to YouTube that's since been removed, Rodrigo Duterte, 71, can be heard joking to an amused crowd about the killing of 36-year-old missionary Jacqueline Hamill. She and four other hostages were killed in a Davao prison during an inmate riot almost 30 years ago.
“They raped all of the women ... There was this Australian lay minister ... when they took them out ... I saw her face and I thought, ‘Son of a bitch. What a pity ... they raped her, they all lined up. I was mad she was raped but she was so beautiful. I thought, the mayor should have been first.”
Duterte has spent nearly three decades as the mayor of the troubled city of Davao. He drew notoriety and earned the nickname “The Punisher” for his vigilante crime-fighting methods, which some speculate have been instrumental in Davao's resurrection as a tourist destination. Specifically, Duterte has been connected to the Davao Death Squad, a group responsible for hundreds of execution-style murders “of drug traffickers, petty criminals, gang members and other lawless elements.”
Crate selection
Several types of crates are available:
Plastic (often called "flight kennels")
Fabric on a collapsible, rigid frame
Collapsible, metal pens
Crates come in different sizes and can be purchased at most pet supply stores or pet supply catalogs.
Browse Dog Crates on Amazon.com
Your dog's crate should be just large enough for them to stand up and turn around in. If your dog is still growing, choose a crate size that will accommodate their adult size. Block off the excess crate space so your dog can't eliminate at one end and retreat to the other. Your local animal shelter may rent out crates. By renting, you can trade up to the appropriate size for your puppy until they reach adult size, when you can invest in a permanent crate.
The training process
Crate training can take days or weeks, depending on your dog's age, temperament and past experiences. It's important to keep two things in mind while crate training: The crate should always be associated with something pleasant and training should take place in a series of small steps. Don't go too fast.
Step 1: Introduce your dog to the crate
Place the crate in an area of your house where the family spends a lot of time, such as the family room. Put a soft blanket or towel in the crate. Take the door off and let the dog explore the crate at their leisure. Some dogs will be naturally curious and start sleeping in the crate right away. If yours isn't one of them:
Bring them over to the crate and talk to them in a happy tone of voice. Make sure the crate door is open and secured so that it won't hit your dog and frighten them.
Encourage your dog to enter the crate by dropping some small food treats nearby, then just inside the door, and finally, all the way inside the crate. If they refuse to go all the way in at first, that's OK; don't force them to enter.
Continue tossing treats into the crate until your dog will walk calmly all the way into the crate to get the food. If they aren't interested in treats, try tossing a favorite toy in the crate. This step may take a few minutes or as long as several days.
Step 2: Feed your dog meals in the crate
After introducing your dog to the crate, begin feeding them their regular meals near the crate. This will create a pleasant association with the crate.
If your dog is readily entering the crate when you begin Step 2, place the food dish all the way at the back of the crate.
If they remain reluctant to enter, put the dish only as far inside as they will readily go without becoming fearful or anxious. Each time you feed them, place the dish a little further back in the crate.
Once your dog is standing comfortably in the crate to eat their meal, you can close the door while they're eating. The first time you do this, open the door as soon as they finish their meal. With each successive feeding, leave the door closed a few minutes longer, until they're staying in the crate for 10 minutes or so after eating.
If they begin to whine to be let out, you may have increased the length of time too quickly. Next time, try leaving them in the crate for a shorter time period. If they do whine or cry in the crate, don't let them out until they stop. Otherwise, they'll learn that the way to get out of the crate is to whine, so they'll keep doing it.
Step 3: Practice with longer crating periods
After your dog is eating their regular meals in the crate with no sign of fear or anxiety, you can confine them there for short time periods while you're home.
Call them over to the crate and give them a treat.
Give them a command to enter, such as "kennel." Encourage them by pointing to the inside of the crate with a treat in your hand.
After your dog enters the crate, praise them, give them the treat, and close the door.
Sit quietly near the crate for five to ten minutes, and then go into another room for a few minutes. Return, sit quietly again for a short time, and then let them out of the crate.
Repeat this process several times a day, gradually increasing the length of time you leave them in the crate and the length of time you're out of sight.
Once your dog will stay quietly in the crate for about 30 minutes with you mostly out of sight, you can begin leaving them crated when you're gone for short time periods and/or letting them sleep there at night. This may take several days or weeks.
Step 4, Part A: Crate your dog when you leave
After your dog can spend about 30 minutes in the crate without becoming anxious or afraid, you can begin leaving them crated for short periods when you leave the house.
Put them in the crate using your regular command and a treat. You might also want to leave them with a few safe toys in the crate.
Vary the moment during your "getting ready to leave" routine that you put your dog in the crate. Although they shouldn't be crated for a long time before you leave, you can crate them anywhere from five to 20 minutes prior to leaving.
Don't make your departures emotional and prolonged—they should be matter-of-fact. Praise your dog briefly, give them a treat for entering the crate, and then leave quietly.
When you return home, don't reward your dog for excited behavior by responding to them in an enthusiastic way. Keep arrivals low-key to avoid increasing their anxiety over when you will return. Continue to crate your dog for short periods from time to time when you're home so they don't associate crating with being left alone.
Step 4, Part B: Crate your dog at night
Put your dog in the crate using your regular command and a treat. Initially, it may be a good idea to put the crate in your bedroom or nearby in a hallway, especially if you have a puppy. Puppies often need to go outside to eliminate during the night, and you'll want to be able to hear your puppy when they whine to be let outside. Older dogs, too, should initially be kept nearby so they don't associate the crate with social isolation.
Once your dog is sleeping comfortably through the night with the crate near you, you can begin to gradually move it to the location you prefer, although time spent with your dog—even sleep time—is a chance to strengthen the bond between you and your pet.
Once your dog is sleeping comfortably through the night with his crate near you, you can begin to gradually move it to the location you prefer, although time spent with your dog—even sleep time—is a chance to strengthen the bond between you and your pet.
Potential problems
Whining. If your dog whines or cries while in the crate at night, it may be difficult to decide whether they're whining to be let out of the crate, or whether they need to be let outside eliminate. If you've followed the training procedures outlined above, then your dog hasn't been rewarded for whining in the past by being released from their crate. If that is the case, try to ignore the whining. If your dog is just testing you, they'll probably stop whining soon. Yelling at them or pounding on the crate will only make things worse.
If the whining continues after you've ignored them for several minutes, use the phrase they associate with going outside to eliminate. If they respond and become excited, take them outside. This should be a trip with a purpose, not play time. If you're convinced that your dog doesn't need to eliminate, the best response is to ignore them until they stop whining. Don't give in; if you do, you'll teach your dog to whine loud and long to get what they want. If you've progressed gradually through the training steps and haven't done too much too fast, you'll be less likely to encounter this problem. If the problem becomes unmanageable, you may need to start the crate training process over again.
Separation anxiety. Attempting to use the crate as a remedy for separation anxiety won't solve the problem. A crate may prevent your dog from being destructive, but they may get injured in an attempt to escape. Separation anxiety problems can only be resolved with counterconditioning and desensitization procedures. You may want to consult a professional animal-behavior specialist for help. See more about separation anxiety below.
House Oversight Ranking Member Elijah Cummings is requesting information pertaining to former National Security Advisor Michael Flynn and senior advisor Jared Kushner's security clearances, citing concerns about whether the Trump administration is properly safeguarding classified information.
In a four-page letter sent Wednesday to White House Chief of Staff Reince Priebus, Cummings said Flynn's decision to mislead Vice President Mike Pence on communications with the Russian ambassador and Kushner's alleged failure to disclose meetings with Russian officials were cause to suspend their clearances.
“Based on a number of recent incidents, we are now seeking documents relating to the White House's compliance with procedures governing the suspension of security clearances while allegations against White House employees are under investigation,” he wrote.
The letter argues the White House could have potentially violated a 1995-executive order requiring that employees under investigation be banned from access to sensitive information until they are cleared of their allegations.
“Executive Order 12968 provides that, in order to maintain access to classified information, security clearance holders must always demonstrate ‘trustworthiness, honesty, reliability, discretion, and sound judgment, as well as freedom from conflicting allegiances and potential for coercion,'” the letter reads.
In addition to documents relating to Kushner and Flynn's security clearances, Democrats on the House Oversight and Government Reform Committee are requesting information on all White House officials who resigned or were terminated due to a criminal investigation.
“The revelations about it are crazy,” Illinois Democrat Rep. Raja Krishnamoorthi told The Daily Caller News Foundation, adding members of the party feel it's in the best interest of the country to suspend Kushner's clearance.
President Donald Trump has repeatedly dismissed allegations his campaign was involved with Russia's meddling in the 2016 election.
Follow Juliegrace Brufke on Twitter
Content created by The Daily Caller News Foundation is available without charge to any eligible news publisher that can provide a large audience. For licensing opportunities of our original content, please contact licensing@dailycallernewsfoundation.org.
If you would like to see more articles like this please support our coverage of the space program by becoming a Spaceflight Now Member . If everyone who enjoys our website helps fund it, we can expand and improve our coverage further.
STORY WRITTEN FOR CBS NEWS & USED WITH PERMISSION
Astronaut Shane Kimbrough and his two Russian crewmates — Soyuz MS-02 commander Sergey Ryzhikov and flight engineer Andrey Borisenko — undocked from the International Space Station and plunged back to Earth Monday, landing on the steppe of Kazakhstan to close out an extended 173-day mission.
Launched Oct. 19 from the Baikonur Cosmodrome, Kimbrough and his Soyuz crewmates departed the station's upper Poisk module at 3:57 a.m. EDT (GMT-4), leaving behind Soyuz MS-03 crewmates Oleg Novitskiy, European Space Agency astronaut Thomas Pesquet and NASA astronaut Peggy Whitson.
After moving a safe distance away from the station, Ryzhikov and Borisenko monitored an automated four-minute 38-second rocket firing that slowed the ferry ship by about 286 miles per hour, just enough to drop the far side of the orbit deep into Earth's atmosphere.
About 25 minutes later, just before plunging into the discernible atmosphere, the central crew module separated from the upper orbital compartment and the lower propulsion module.
Oriented head shield first, the capsule then slammed into the thick lower atmosphere at an altitude of about 62 miles, enduring peak heating and deceleration loads over the next six minutes or so.
The capsule's parachutes unfurled at an altitude of about six-and-a-half miles and 15 minutes later, the spacecraft settled to a jarring rocket-assisted touchdown at 7:20 a.m. EDT (5:20 p.m. local time) near the town of Dzhezkazgan.
Spectacular live television views captured almost all of the parachute descent, showing the capsule's braking rockets firing an instant before touchdown and then the capsule being pulled onto its side and dragged briefly before the chute was released.
Russian recovery crews, flight surgeons and NASA support personnel stationed nearby reached the spacecraft within minutes to help the returning station fliers out of the cramped descent module as they begin re-adapting to the unfamiliar tug of Earth's gravity after more than five-and-a-half months in space.
Carried one at a time to nearby recliners, all three appeared in good spirits, smiling and chatting with support crews and enjoying comfortable, late afternoon weather on the steppe of Kazakhstan.
After initial medical checks and satellite phone calls home, all three were to be flown by helicopter to nearby Karaganda. From there, Ryzhikov and Borisenko will be flown by jet to Star City near Moscow while Kimbrough will board a NASA jet for the long flight back to the Johnson Space Center in Houston.
At touchdown, Ryzhikov, completing his first space flight, had logged 173 days three hours and 15 minutes off planet. Veteran Borisenko's mark stood at 337.3 days while Kimbrough, veteran of a 2008 shuttle flight, chalked up 188.9 days over two flights.
Over the course of their mission, Kimbrough and his crewmates completed 2,768 orbits covering 73.3 million miles. They welcomed four visiting vehicles and Kimbrough participated in four spacewalks. Including two EVAs during his earlier shuttle flight, Kimbrough has logged 34 hours of spacewalk time.
During a brief ceremony Sunday, Kimbrough turned over command of the station to Whitson, who is making her third flight. She served as commander of the station during her second visit in 2008 and currently holds the world record for most spacewalk time by a female astronaut: 53 hours and 22 minutes.
“We've had a great time up here, it's been an amazing experience for almost six months now for Andrey and Sergey and me, and we've gotten to enjoy Peggy and Thomas and Oleg for about four-and-a-half-months of that,” Kimbrough said. “We've really enjoyed having them around.
“It's really neat to be part of something this big, something bigger than ourselves, for one, but even bigger than a nation. We get the ability up here to interact with things that actually benefit all of humanity. So it's really humbling for one, but very neat and special to be part of something like that.”
Whitson said crews aboard the station “don't wear shoes, but Shane's leaving some really big socks for me to fill.”
“Expedition 50's been incredibly successful, (we) conducted four spacewalks, grappled two visiting vehicles, we packed and unpacked three cargo vehicles in relatively short order and got an amazing amount of science done, all thanks to the Expedition 50 crew and the leadership of Shane Kimbrough,” she said.
Said Ryzhikov: “We have a very nice crew, we have excellent commander and we have beautiful ground support and we have unforgettable memories about our beautiful … time aboard ISS. Thank you everybody.”
With the departure of the Soyuz MS-02 crew, Whitson, Novitskiy and Pesquet will have the station to themselves for just 10 days before the arrival of the Soyuz MS-04 crew, commander Fyodor Yurchikhin and NASA flight engineer Jack Fischer on April 20.
Four days later, Whitson will set a new record for most cumulative time in space by a U.S. astronaut, passing Jeff Williams' mark of 534 days two hours and 48 minutes over four missions. She also may participate in another spacewalk in early May, which would push her EVA total to third in the world, with almost 60 hours of EVA time over nine excursions.
Whitson originally planned to return to Earth on June 2 with her Soyuz MS-03 crewmates. Instead, NASA and Roscosmos, the Russian space agency, agreed to extend her stay by three months to maximize U.S. research. As a result, Novitskiy and Pesquet will return to a landing in Kazakhstan with one empty seat, leaving Whitson behind aboard the station with Yurchikhin and Fischer.
Soyuz spacecraft normally carry three crew members to and from the station but the Russians have opted to reduce their crew size in the near term to save money. As a result, the MS-04 spacecraft will launch with an empty seat loaded with supplies. Whitson will take that seat when she returns to Earth with Yurchikhin and Fischer on Sept. 3.
“This is great news,” Whitson said in a NASA statement when the extension was announced. “I love being up here. Living and working aboard the space station is where I feel like I make the greatest contribution, so I am constantly trying to squeeze every drop out of my time here. Having three more months to squeeze is just what I would wish for.”
A fresh three-person crew — Soyuz MS-05 commander Sergey Ryazanskiy, NASA astronaut Randy Bresnik and ESA astronaut Paolo Nespoli — is scheduled for launch July 28.
Between June 2, when Whitson's two Soyuz MS-03 crewmates land, and the arrival of Ryazanskiy's crew, the station will be staffed by one Russian, Yurchikhin, and two Americans, Whitson and Fischer. That will enable continued research operations in the U.S. segment of the lab that otherwise would have been curtailed if just one astronaut was available.
It also preserves the option for a contingency spacewalk if a major problem crops up with the U.S. segment of the station.
In any case, assuming a landing Sept. 3, Whitson will have logged 289 days aloft since launch last November, pushing her cumulative total to a U.S.-record 666 days over three missions and moving her up to No. 6 on the list of world's most experienced space fliers behind five cosmonauts. The record for the longest single flight by a U.S. astronaut is held by Scott Kelly, who logged 340 days aloft in 2015-16.
Setting a new endurance mark “indicates that our program, the space program, is increasing its capability with every record that we break,” Whitson told an interviewer.
“I think it's a stepping stone to future exploration,” she said. “It's important for us to understand and know what happens to the human body (during long stays in space) and it's just one of those data points we have to gain knowledge from. In that perspective, yes, it is important. But it's also important for us to continue to expand beyond that.”
Kimbrough's mission also was extended after a Russian Progress supply ship was destroyed during launch Dec. 1 when the upper stage of its Soyuz booster malfunctioned. Downstream station launches were delayed until the Russians completed a failure investigation.
The Russians successfully resumed flights Feb. 22 with launch of another Progress freighter, clearing the way for landing of Kimbrough and his crewmates and launch of Yurchikhin and Fischer.
During his stay aboard the station, Kimbrough and his crewmates welcomed three cargo ships and one Soyuz. Kimbrough also participated in four spacewalks, two with Pesquet and two with Whitson, to continue ongoing work to prepare a second docking port for commercial crew ferry ships being built by Boeing and SpaceX.
Kimbrough, Pesquet and Whitson, who holds a Ph.D. in biochemistry, also carried out a wide variety of scientific research, ranging from medical studies to basic physics and biology, including gene sequencing experiments.
“Our pace has been really good, I think we've all worked really hard the entire time, we haven't really had any lulls,” Kimbrough said a few weeks ago. “We just got in a nice rhythm as a crew, and we've been able to accomplish a lot more than a lot of people expected, I think.”
We use Drip for Marketing Automation as a part of our Content Marketing service and we use Angular2 for our Front-Ends as a part of our Development service.
Drip has a very simple JavaScript API for adding email subscribers to their database.
The Problem this post offers a solution to is “How do I integrate Drip with an Angular 2 project?”
Problem 1: Where do I include the Drip provided <script> tag?
Drip provides a <script> tag to include in every page. Drip recommends putting it at the end of the <body> tag, however that doesn't play nicely with Angular. So I included this script in my index.html in the <head> tag.
Problem 2: Where do I invoke the API?
I recommend invoking the API in a service so that you can re-use code in multiple places in your app.
However, since this is Angular 2 and Angular 2 uses TypeScript, you've got to jump through a hoop. At the top of your service include this line:
Adding the declare statement will stop TypeScript from complaining in your editor like it did in mine:
TypeScript complaining that _dcq is not found
Now with the declare statement in place, we can create a simple service that returns the response or the error from the Drip API. In the code below I use a Promise to handle the async. It's a simple method but its not the Angular 2 way.
The Angular 2 way involves Observables and Subjects. Of course, you already know what Observables are all about, but your friend doesn't. So for your friend, a Promise.
Problem 3: How do I display the returned data in my component template?
I know that Drip will have a success response with an email property.
However, that email property will only exist when the Promise resolves. So our template must account for that. As well, the Promise resolves asynchronously so we must use the Angular async pipe.
The result looks like the below:
I'll break down the critical line:
{{ (response | async)?.email }}
We pipe the response to async so that its value will update when the Promise resolves. And we'll optionally display the e-mail from the response. Thats what the question mark is about, optionally displaying a value.
Done!
Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window)
Click to share on Telegram (Opens in new window)
Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window)
Click to print (Opens in new window)
Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window)
Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window)
Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window)
Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window)
Kurdish-led SDF to hand over Tabqa city to civilian council after liberation from ISIS
No Kurdification policy in Rojava's educational system: PYD official
Assad using ‘crematorium' to hide mass killings: US officials
Putin: Russia sees no need to arm the Kurds in Syria
Syrian Democratic Forces call on stranded ISIS militants in Raqqa to surrender
ARA News
Aleppo – Reinforced with Iraqi and Iranian militiamen, the Syrian Army advanced north towards al-Bab city on Sunday, targeting the Islamic State's (ISIS) local headquarters.
“As the Turkish military and Turkey-backed rebels continued their campaign on al-Bab from the northwest, the Syrian regime and allied militias launched an offensive on the southeastern part of the city,” local media activist Muhammad al-Jassim told ARA News.
Turkey and its rebel allies have been bogged down in al-Bab for almost a month, taking significant casualties without securing any of the city's neighborhoods. ISIS constructed a warren of tunnels and an extensive trench line in anticipation of the fighting.
Al-Jassim, who is embedded with the Euphrates Shield Brigades in al-Bab, said that pro-regime troops struck ISIS strongholds in the districts of Tadef and Abu Jaabar.
“The regime used the Kweris Airport as a base for its offensive on Sunday,” al-Jassim explained. “The Syrian Army […] engaged in clashes with ISIS fighters in the southeastern suburb of al-Bab for the first time today.”
The clashes reportedly continued until midnight, and it remains unknown whether ISIS lost any positions in southern al-Bab or suffered any casualties.
On August 24, the Turkish military and allied rebel factions launched Operation Euphrates Shield. As part of the operation, Turkey's military and its allies took over Jarablus city in August.
In early January, the Russia Air Force conducted several airstrikes near al-Bab, targeting Islamic State's tactical units and fighting positions. The Russian air raids destroyed at least five ISIS strongholds, killing and wounding dozens of ISIS militants.
The Syrian regime has now joined the battle for al-Bab. Analysts believe that the regime is increasingly alarmed by the Turkish advance towards al-Bab, considering it a direct threat to eastern Aleppo, which was recently retaken.
Reporting by: Sulaiman Muhammed and Helin Saeed | Source: ARA News
For the latest news follow us on Twitter
Join our Weekly Newsletter
South African doctors have been moved to safety amid a bombardment by government naval ships and fighter jets. Photo: Reuters
Benghazi - Teams of South African doctors who have been running a frontline battlefield emergency trauma hospital in Libya have been evacuated to safety following intense fighting. The 12-member team, including specialist surgeons from Gauteng, KwaZulu-Natal, Libya, Cuba, Japan and Denmark, were tactically withdrawn from Ajdabiya to Benghazi late on Sunday. The team, part of SA humanitarian organisation Gift of the Givers, had taken over the emergency rooms at Ajdabiya Hospital.
The organisation brought medicines and equipment worth more than R3 million to Libya.
The withdrawal followed intense fighting in the eastern town of Brega. In recent days, Brega has been bombarded by government naval ships, artillery and fighter jets. More than 3 000 rebels are fighting government forces around Brega and the outskirts of Ajdabiya.
The fighting comes as Libyan leader Muammar Gaddafi's opposition, the Interim Transitional National Council (ITNC), masses a sizeable military force in Benghazi to retake towns lost to troops.
The new frontline comes after troops took a number of ITNC-controlled areas over the previous 48 hours, including the oil-producing town of Ras Lanouf, where fighting continues to rage.
Fighting around Ras Lanouf saw the South African medical team being put on high alert on Saturday.
Since falling, Ras Lanouf has been reinforced with hundreds of additional troops, tanks, artillery weapons, fighter jets and attack helicopters.
Brega's main hospital and clinics have been shut after repeatedly being shelled over the past four days.
Other concerns include reports of Gaddafi ordering attacks on foreign journalists, banning the distribution of blood supplies to injured civilians, and allowing medical treatment only for his fighters in areas held by government forces.
Relatives of Libyan doctors working with the Gift of the Givers team on Sunday frantically contacted loved ones after a government minister announced that Ajdabiya Hospital and other eastern regional hospitals were now legitimate military targets and would be attacked by military forces.
No explanation was given for designating hospitals as targets.
Gift of the Givers founder Dr Imtiaz Sooliman, who is leading the team in Libya, said they were evacuated because of safety concerns.
“These concerns include the increased attacks on journalists; the well-being of our Libyan team members, who is a if caught would be executed as traitors; the murder of doctors and injured civilians; and the government's announcement that hospitals are now military targets. While we have been evacuated, it does not mean our work will stop. We are here to do a job, and wherever we are needed we will go.
“While we were initially to be based in Brega and Ajdabiya, the fighting has now seen us moving to Benghazi – the ITNC's second line of defence. Our orthopaedic, vascular and general surgeons, who are forming the backbone of two hospitals in the city, are to be used to treat critically wounded people. We have all been placed on alert and will, if necessary, be deployed to battlefield hospitals. The team that we have will deal with whatever is thrown at us,” Sooliman said.
He added that communication and developing trust with the ITNC and local doctors, who have lived in fear for 42 years, was difficult.
“There is a general leadership crisis, which is feeding into the hospitals and exacerbating the chaos. If the challenges are not resolved and we continue to get huge numbers of casualties, many will die. We have to overcome this and win the hearts and minds of people if we are to save lives,” Sooliman said.
Operation Bolero was the commonly used reference for the code name of the United States military troop buildup in the United Kingdom during World War II in preparation for the initial cross-channel invasion plan known as Operation Roundup, to be implemented in mid-1943, or for its lesser contingency alternative, Operation Sledgehammer, to be executed in the fall of 1942 in the event of German setbacks or to ease Axis pressure on the Eastern Front. ("Bolero" was the code name used in official communications to stand in for "United Kingdom" when describing the theater or movements.) What later became the Bolero plan – the buildup of a strategic air force in Great Britain in preparation for Roundup – was first submitted by Commanding General of the U.S. Army Air Forces, Henry H. Arnold, to General George Marshall, the U.S. Army Chief of Staff, on April 12, 1942, and set in motion a huge movement of men and material that laid the groundwork for Operation Overlord.
To complement the Roundup invasion plan, planning for the movement and basing of U.S. forces in the United Kingdom was begun at the end of April 1942 and given the code name of Bolero. A combined committee of key British and American logistical officers worked in both Washington, D.C. and London planning the build-up, to co-ordinate the effort on the highest level.
In May 1942, with a tentative target date for Roundup of April 1943, the Operations Division of the War Department and USAAF Headquarters drafted plans to transport and house a million American troops: 525,000 ground troops, 240,000 air force troops, and 235,000 from Services of Supply. Arnold's plan to Marshall called for the basing by April 1, 1943, of 21 heavy bomb groups (B-17 and B-24), 8 medium bomb groups (B-26 and B-25), 9 light bomb groups (A-20), 17 fighter groups (P-38, P-39, P-40, and P-47), 6 observation groups, and 8 transport groups—a total of 69 combat groups plus their service units.
General Arnold met with RAF Air Chief Marshal Charles Portal at the end of May 1942 and presented the U.S. schedule for the arrival of U.S. Army Air Forces into the theater by March 1943, totalling 3,649 aircraft. The proposed build-up anticipated 15 groups in July, 35 by November and 66 by March, excluding observation squadrons. Arnold anticipated that by the April 1 deadline, the combat units of the Eighth Air Force would have 800 heavy bombers, 600 medium bombers, 342 light bombers, and 960 fighters. (At the time the actual strength of the Eighth in the United Kingdom was 1,871 troops and no aircraft).
Bolero movement of air groups [ edit ]
The movement of the assigned air combat groups began in May 1942 with the shipment by fast troopships (usually former ocean liners) of their ground echelons. The movement of their aircraft began in June after the decision was made that the most efficient and rapid buildup could be made by having the groups themselves ferry their planes overseas. Fighters, having only a single crewman and not equipped with proper navigational and communications equipment for trans-oceanic flights, were to be divided into flights of four and escorted by single bombers navigating the route for them.
Three groups were assigned for the first phase of movement: the 97th Bomb Group (B-17 Flying Fortress), 1st Fighter Group (P-38 Lightning), and 60th Troop Carrier Group (C-47 Skytrain). These groups were gathered on the east coast in what was termed the "concentration area" to stage for the overseas flights via the northern ferry route. Ironically, all of these groups, originally tasked for the Eighth Air Force, saw limited duty in England and were transferred to the Twelfth Air Force.
An anticipated loss rate of 10% for the first movement did not materialize and instead was 5.2%. The largest loss occurred July 15, 1942, when six P-38s of the 94th Fighter Squadron, 1st Fighter Group, and two B-17s of the 97th Bomb Group, on the Greenland-to-Iceland leg, were forced by weather to attempt to return to Greenland. Running low on fuel, all eight force-landed on the Greenland ice cap. The aircraft, although apparently recoverable, were abandoned after all of their crews had been safely recovered. One of the P-38s, subsequently named Glacier Girl, was recovered from under ice in 1992, and has been restored to flying condition.[1]
By the end of August 1942, the Bolero movement had transferred 386 airplanes: 164 P-38's of the 1st and 14th Fighter Groups; 119 B-17's of the 97th, 301st, and 92nd Bomb Groups; and 103 C-47's of the 60th and 64th Troop Carrier Groups, all of which became part of the Twelfth Air Force in Africa before the end of the year. 920 airplanes had been sent from the United States to England by the end of 1942, and 882 had arrived safely, almost all of them delivered by their combat crews and not specialized ferry command personnel.
Bolero superseded [ edit ]
By July 1, demands from other theaters had caused a downward revision of the Bolero build-up to a total of 54 groups and 194,332 men. Later that month USAAF Headquarters estimated that by December 31, 1943, the Bolero build-up could have in place 137 groups (approximately half of the entire projected strength of the USAAF), including 74 bomb groups of all types and 31 fighter groups. It estimated that 375,000 airmen would comprise the force, 197,000 in combat units and 178,000 in the service organizations. The estimate proved to be remarkably close, particularly the size of the heavy bomber force, to the actual strength of the combined Eighth and Ninth Air Forces at the time of Operation Overlord.
In London the Bolero Committee drew up plans for the accommodation of 1,147,000 troops, including 137,000 replacements, in the United Kingdom by the end of March 1943. But by the end of July, plans for Sledgehammer had been abandoned and Roundup postponed until 1944 in favor of Operation Torch, an invasion of North Africa to establish a base of operations for the invasion of Southern Europe. The Bolero committee thus found its work limited to providing assistance in the planning for Torch. Buildup plans for the invasion of Europe later became the province of the Overlord planners.
References [ edit ]
Express News Service By
NEW DELHI: Within days of government formation in Delhi, a public spat has broken out between the ruling AAP and the BJP over who should take credit for stopping the demolition of slums in the city.
On his first day as Chief Minister, Arvind Kejriwal announced that no demolition would be carried out. The BJP on Tuesday hit back saying the Delhi government was seeking credit for something the Centre had accomplished.
BJP MP Meenakshi Lekhi said, “There is already a Centre enforced ban on pulling down such structures since the BJP came to power at the Centre. The Kejriwal Government is just springing into meaningless action and putting up a pretence of accomplishment.”
“The AAP Government is not only selling old wine in new bottle, but is resorting to selling old wine in even older bottles. In their hurry to appear as keepers of poll promises, they are delving into the realm of eyewash politics,” Lekhi alleged.
She argued that in December 2014, the Centre had introduced the Delhi Laws (Special Provisions) Bill to protect those who would have been displaced had the unauthorised colonies been demolished. Meanwhile senior AAP leader Sanjay Singh said, “Lekhi must rejig her memory. Several slums were demolished during the BJP's rule”.
Helping Hand
Kejriwal on Tuesday engaged with various departments and organisations in the Delhi administration and put on hold the termination of services of contractual employees until “further instructions were issued”.
The decision, which benefits doctors, nurses, teachers and sanitation staff, among others, was taken at a high-level meeting chaired by the CM. This move will give relief to around one lakh contractual employees in various departments and agencies of the Delhi government. “Services of contractual employees should not be terminated or stopped till further orders,” a government notice stated.
I've been watching Dolph Lundgren's kung fu-filled, drum solo-laden rendition of “A Little Less Conversation” at least once a day since I ran it last week. It still blows my mind. That's why I'm overjoyed to present a new absolutely fucking awesome Dolph Lundgren video courtesy of TR reader Tombness from… honestly, I don't know, and it doesn't matter. It's not quite as awesome as the last video — really, what is — but it does include:
? Dolph Lundgren riding a segway
? Dolph Lundgren doing internet research with a Swedish goth girl
? Dolph Lundgren kidnapping children
? Dolph Lundgren using those children to break into an Olympic skier's home…
? …while Dolph Lundgren is also dressed as a small girl
? Dolph Lundgren saying “Capiche” like the baddest-ass motherfucker who ever lived
Watching Dolph Lundgren riding a segway down an empty road is truly one of the most sublime joys I've ever experienced. Please, Dolph, don't ever stop. Let your reign of awesomeness continue unabated!
Sarah Palin speaks to CBS News (screen grab)
Former Republican vice presidential nominee Sarah Palin explained that her daughter had gotten pregnant out of wedlock for the second time because God gave people second, third and fourth chances not to sin.
“Bristol is pregnant again,” CBS correspondent Tracy Smith pointed out to Palin during a recent trip to Wasilla. “That can't be how you saw this playing out, unmarried and pregnant again.”
“Heck, no!” the former Alaska governor insisted. “Because being a single mom is — oh, my goodness. My heart goes out to the single parents. But my enormous admiration for what they're able to accomplish doing double duty. And I watch Bristol do double duty all the time with her little boy, Tripp.”
“I can't wait for about 45 more days and I'm going to have a little baby granddaughter,” Palin beamed. “And I'm happy about it.”
“Of course, there are those who say, ‘Come on, this goes against everything you stand for,'” Smith observed.
“Well, the cool thing about putting your faith in God,” Palin replied in a folksy voice, “is he certainly is a God of second chances and third and fourth and fifth chances.”
Palin also reflected back on her loss in the 2008 presidential election, and noted that it was a matter of “semantics” as to whether or not she lost or came in second place.
“Well it takes a team to win, so it takes a team to lose. I was part of a team that came in second… out of two,” she opined.
“So yeah, semantics! Okay, words matter. You either win or you lose. We lost. That makes you not a winner — at that time.”
Watch the video below from CBS' Sunday Morning, broadcast Nov. 15, 2015.
Important step forward on guns
It is a fortunate coincidence in the ongoing gun safety debate that the most important measure proposed by President Barack Obama is also the most popular with Americans. Over 90 percent of voters support Congress passing a universal background check in the wake of Newtown and the flood of murders that have occurred over the past year as a result of gun violence.
Americans have had enough. And now even some the most pro-gun members in Congress are moving toward a bipartisan bill that would pass such checks. The bill being introduced in the Senate by Tom Coburn (R-Okla.), Joe Manchin (D-W. Va.), Mark Kirk (R-Ill.) and Chuck Schumer (D-N.Y.) is gaining momentum, and this weekend John McCain (R-Ariz.) predicted the bill would receive wide bipartisan support.
Law enforcement officers and many gun control advocates believe that universal background checks and tough gun trafficking law together will do more to slow down the murder tally caused by guns than anything else Washington can do. That includes passing gun safety provisions that I support, such as an assault weapon ban and the regulation of high-capacity magazines. While both of those measures have gained great support after Newtown, police officers say neither would have as big an impact of a universal background check system. Both also come with their own built-in legislative challenges.
So, for now, it seems likely that the single most important piece of gun safety legislation before Congress is also the bill most likely to be passed into law. For once, it seems, the laws of modern American politics seem to be tilted toward what is best for the people.
CSS vendor prefixes considered harmful
I recently came across a post about border-radius by the IE team, that said IE9 supports border-radius (cool!) without vendor prefix (even cooler!)
The post continues:
While a number of web pages already make use of this feature, some [...] do not render properly in IE9 or Opera 10.50 because they lack an unprefixed declaration of the border-radius property. As the specification nears Recommendation and browser vendors are working on their final implementations and testcases for submission to the W3C, we recommend that new content always include a border-radius declaration without vendor prefix.
I'd like to go one step further.
It's time to abolish all vendor prefixes. They've become solutions for which there is no problem, and they are actively harming web standards.
Vendor prefixes force web developers to make their style sheets much more verbose than is necessary, while also running the risk of accidentally forgetting one set of vendor-prefixed declarations.
Besides, why do we need to use several declarations for obtaining one single effect? Weren't web standards supposed to prevent that sort of thing?
Guys, let's stop the vendor prefix nonsense. Enough's enough.
Update: Although the problem is real, my solution is not the best one possible. See the redux for more discussion.
The point
Originally, the point of vendor prefixes was to allow browser makers to start supporting experimental CSS declarations.
Let's say a W3C working group is discussing a grid declaration (which, incidentally, wouldn't be such a bad idea). Let's furthermore say that some people create a draft specification, but others disagree with some of the details. As we know, this process may take ages.
Let's furthermore say that Microsoft as an experiment decides to implement the proposed grid . At this point in time, Microsoft cannot be certain that the specification will not change. Therefore, instead of adding grid to its CSS, it adds -ms-grid .
The vendor prefix kind of says “this is the Microsoft interpretation of an ongoing proposal.” Thus, if the final definition of grid is different, Microsoft can add a new CSS property grid without breaking pages that depend on -ms-grid
Now in itself this is a reasonable line of thought. Point is, it's outlived its usefulness. It's just not necessary any more, neither from a practical nor from a more philosophical point of view.
Practical problems
Let's take a look at some practical cases.
box-sizing
One place where vendor prefixes have always annoyed me terribly is the box-sizing property that allows you to switch from one box model to another. Currently IE8 and Opera support box-sizing without prefix, but Firefox supports only -moz-box-sizing and Safari, Chrome, and all mobile WebKits only -webkit-box-sizing .
In other words, this is the code to switch the box model of one div.
div.borderbox { box-sizing: border-box; /* one */ -moz-box-sizing: border-box; /* two */ -webkit-box-sizing: border-box; /* three */ }
The fact that I have to use three declarations for obtaining one effect is completely preposterous. We might as well live in the Browser Wars era. Standards, anyone?
The point here is that box-sizing will not change any more. Its purpose is to switch box models, and its two values border-box and content-box are supported everywhere.
This declaration makes sense as it is, and it is supported by all browsers as it is. So it should have the same name in every browser.
Why wait for W3C to put its stamp of approval on it before removing the prefixes? We all know that's going to take another five to ten years.
Mozilla, WebKit, you're just being thoughtlessly conservative here. Get rid of your vendor prefixes.
Transitions
Consider the transitions Safari added. They're all prefixed with -webkit- . Here, too, the point is that the Safari team has effectively specified all these declarations. They're not going to change any more.
Google and Opera are implementing transitions, too. I studied the Apple and Opera documentations a bit, and they look quite alike. In fact, right now I dare state that Opera is working to copy Apple's transitions system.
But Apple uses -webkit-transition , while Opera is using -o-transition .
Guys ...
div.coolEffect { -webkit-transition-property: opacity; /* one */ -webkit-transition-duration: 2s; -o-transition-property: opacity; /* two */ -o-transition-duration: 2s; -moz-transition-property: opacity; /* three */ -moz-transition-duration: 2s; -ms-transition-property: opacity; /* four */ -ms-transition-duration: 2s; }
I don't want to use four browser-specific declarations to obtain one effect! This sort of vendor-specific nonsense is exactly what web standards were supposed to do away with. No more bloody fragmentation!
What if a web developer accidentally forgets one vendor prefix? Then the effect won't work while it could — something we've learned to recognise as a grave sin. Still, it's bound to happen in a standardless world.
Enough's enough. Vendor prefixes have to go.
A peek into the future
The most idiotic example comes from the mobile world. Opera has implemented a touchscreen media query in the Vodafone widget manager, and called it -o-touchscreen .
When Samsung started to work on its WebKit-based widget manager, it was notified of the existence of this media query and promptly copied it. To the letter.
Thus, we now have a WebKit browser reacting to -o-touchscreen .
And this is just the beginning. It's going to get much, much worse.
Eventually Opera will discover that plenty of sites use -webkit-transition , but not -o-transition . Will Opera start to support -webkit-transition , too?
From a compatibility perspective that might make sense. From any other perspective it's totally ridiculous, though. And there's a simple solution to this problem: transition has become a de-facto web standard. So treat it as one.
Let's stop the vendor prefix nonsense. Now.
Philosophical problems
So from a practical perspective vendor prefixes are turning into a tool for fragmentation. From a philosophical perspective, moreover, they solve problems that just aren't there any more.
As far as I can see vendor prefixes were supposed to solve two problems:
The problem with unfinished standards I outlined earlier. The problem underlying that problem: an automatic assumption that, when left to their own devices, browser vendors would all start to implement their own stuff without paying attention to what the other browsers were doing.
Both problems have meanwhile been solved, as far as I can see.
We're currently moving toward a situation in which anything that is implemented by two browsers more-or-less automatically becomes a standard. I don't think that this change of process has been accepted by W3C yet (it might take another generation), but it's becoming reality as we speak.
The reason this system can work is because browser vendors now want to copy each other's implementations! Microsoft, Mozilla, Apple, Google, and Opera are all eyeing each other's browsers and want to resemble each other in standards support, while competing in execution excellence, interface smoothness, and standards extension.
Contrary to the Browser Wars era when vendor prefixes were defined, right now browser vendors are genuinely interested in interoperability. There is no danger any of them will go off on a wild tangent and, I don't know, redefine box-sizing: border-box to mean “anything inside the border.” That sort of thing just doesn't make sense any more today.
The Safari team invented cool, new transition stuff. They made it CSS-based, documented it, and submitted it to W3C. That's all good.
Then they added the -webkit- prefix. That's bad.
Now Opera comes along, and wants to support transitions, too. Is Opera going to invent its own system? Is Opera suddenly going to give transition a completely different meaning that is totally incompatible with Safari's?
Of course not! The Opera guys aren't crazy. They know their bread is buttered on the compatibility side of things. The same goes for all other browser vendors.
But they do add their own vendor prefix. That's ridiculous. And pointless.
transition and all the rest have become de-facto standards. Any browser implementing the transition system will make sure that it is compatible with Safari. So who needs vendor prefixes?
Dear browser vendors, take a little more pride in your willingness to work with your competitors towards web standards, even when you invent new functionality. You do not need vendor prefixes any more. You've grown beyond them.
The time has come to abolish all vendor prefixes. They've become fossils of a bygone era, but with the potential to harm web standards significantly.
Update: Although the problem is real, my solution is not the best one possible. See the redux for more discussion.
Comments are closed.
Dharamveer Pal may need to use his hands to walk but he's probably been to more countries, and certainly more cricket matches, than you have. Afflicted by polio as an infant, Dharamveer suffers from severe muscle paresis and skeletal deformities. But his love for cricket has fueled an extraordinary journey across the world.
We meet at the lobby of the Trident Hotel in Nariman Point, Mumbai, where IPL Teams are staying, and where Dharamveer has come to wish players luck ahead of a match.
Born to a family of farmers in a village in the Morena district of Madhya Pradesh, growing up, Dharamveer could not afford a wheelchair. He's learnt to use all fours to move, making up for any deficit of physical strength with his exuberance and determination. Obsessed with cricket since he was a boy, he was 11 years old back in 2004, when he decided to take his dream of watching a cricket match live at a stadium, into his own hands. India was to play Sri Lanka in Mohali, Punjab, and Dharamveer was determined to be there.
He set off on a train with nothing, relying on the compassion of fellow passengers and ticket collectors for food and directions. He reached Mohali three days before the match, and made his way to the stadium, waiting outside in the hope that someone would give him a ticket. “I hadn't even eaten for two whole days but it all paid off -- the Indian team came to practice the day before the match and Mr. Daljit Singh, the pitch inspector and a former cricketer, happened to notice me. He saw how much I wanted to watch them play. He took me in.”
Not only did Dharamveer get to watch the team practice, he became an honorary ball boy, fielding from just beyond the boundary line -- something he continues to do at matches 12 years later. Today, any cricket lover in India will recognize his smiling presence -- he's been to England, the West Indies, South Africa, Australia, New Zealand, Pakistan, Sri Lanka, Bangladesh, and the UAE to support Team India, and TV cameras cut to him at almost every match he attends.
Adventure
The match in Mohali in 2004 was the beginning of Dharamveer's incredible cricketing adventure. It took him two years of hitch-hiking across India -- a disabled adolescent with no money, relying only on his own perseverance and resourcefulness, and the goodwill of others -- before he garnered the regular financial support and social recognition he has come to earn as one of Indian cricket's most dedicated fans.
“By 2006, I'd somehow made it to enough matches that the cricketers started to recognize me and would come up and talk to me. At a match in Faridabad that year, the legendary batsman Virender Sehwag came up to me. He and Harbhajan Singh wanted to know why I love cricket so much, why I keep coming to support the team. From then on, at every match players would give me their jerseys, bats, and helmets. Moved by my passion for the game, they started offering to help me out financially. MS Dhoni, Sachin Tendulkar, Virat Kohli -- all the biggest stars in Indian cricket -- have acknowledged me and offered to help me.”
Dharamveer recognizes the power of his remarkable story to challenge the widespread stigma around disability in India. Here, disabled people are among the most excluded -- children are less likely to be in school, adults are less likely to be employed, or to be considered eligible to marry -- and some families even confine disabled relatives to their homes. Social prejudices include the idea that a disability is the result of ones own karma. Little public infrastructure has wheelchair access provisions, and few can afford the long term medical care or equipment that treating a disability may entail.
But Dharamveer's narrative suggests a bright glimmer of hope. “All through my journey, people have wanted to help me. On trains, on the road, in the stadiums -- the kindness of strangers has been amazing. They want to help me in whatever way possible. By embracing rather than trying to hide my disability, I've been able to turn it into my biggest strength.”
Home celebrity
Now 23, Dharamveer not only travels across India and the world to support cricket, he even captains his home state of Madhya Pradesh during tournaments conducted by the India Cricket Association for the Physically Challenged, an organization founded by former cricketer Ajit Wadekar. Back in his hometown, Dharamveer has become a big celebrity -- but this wasn't always the case.
“In my village, people thought I was a beggar initially. Then, one day, just a few years into my journey, the District Magistrate and the Superintendent of Police invited me to be the chief guest at a local cricket tournament. That's when their perceptions really changed.”
One of six children, he feels great pride in taking his parents and siblings to watch whenever there's a match in the state. “The first time I took them to a cricket match in Gwalior, Sachin scored a double century, and all the players greeted my family -- they were so thrilled. They know I love cricket and cricket loves me.”
As he excuses himself to greet a renowned umpire coach who has just walked in to the lobby, I pause to admire the sheer force of Dharamveer's positivity and passion. His is truly a story of triumph -- of the human spirit, and of the spirit of cricket in India.
"Archie Vs. Predator" image by Fernando Ruiz Credit: Archie Comics
Archie Andrews has faced KISS, the Punisher, marriage, death, and high school drama, but he's never faced anything like what's coming.
In a joint announcement, Archie Comics and Dark Horse Comics announced today a crossover between two of the publisher's top franchises in Archie Meets Predator. This four-issue crossover is to be written by Alex de Campi with art by classic Archei artist Fernando Ruiz, and will reportedly follow Archie and the gang as they head to Costa Rica for spring break and find themselves hunted by a Predator.
“In the grand tradition of Archie Meets The Punisher and Archie Meets KISS, we're unbelievably excited to partner with Dark Horse to show what happens when the Predator comes to Riverdale,” said Archie Comics Publisher/Co-CEO Jon Goldwater in a press release. “It's going to be a surprising, energetic, and must-read series, and we're so glad Alex de Campi and Fernando Ruiz are joining forces to tell this off-the-wall story.”
Archie Meets Predator is scheduled to begin in the Spring of 2015, and in an interview with USA Today's Brian Truitt, de Campi says that this idea being "completely insane" is what led her to signing up to write it.
"Let's take this gentle, beloved, classic teen cast and hunt them down and slaughter them one by one. Seriously, if you wouldn't jump at the chance to write something like this, you need your head examined," the writer stated. "I'll be putting in little Easter eggs from the film throughout the story — still working out a situation in which it would be feasible for an Archie character to say, 'I'm a goddamn sexual tyrannosaur,' though. Sounds like possibly a Reggie line."
306
2575 N Clybourn
Chicago , IL 60614
(773) 281-5156
This taco bell is awesome. The workers are genuinely friendly and the food is always good.
New staff new managers. Worse place of business I've ever been to. I don't say this lightly. I live on Taco Bell and we go here at least twice a week. Stay away from place. I called a manager to comment and ask why they have become so bad and the manager cursed at me and hung up. I went in last night to complain about the person taken our order in the drive through kept arguing with and interrupting my wife. The manager smirked at me and then walked away. Orders are always wrong, people are rude, managers swear at you. This is not a one time experience. Like I said I love Taco Bell. But stay away from this place.
This location fucking sucks now. Tried getting food from the drive thru on a Sunday night and they were apparently out of EVERYTHING. Couldn't do anything with beans, couldn't do a Crunchwrap... We didn't bother asking what they could do, because it just sounded like they just straight up didn't feel like making anything. Mad af.
The manager (lady) working at night on Sunday nights is the worst. She messed up my Grubhub order and tried to blame me even though it's in writing. Very rude.
I feel silly leaving a Yelp review for a chain fast food place but the customer service is really great. Our server, Quiana (Not sure how to spell her name) was so patient with my kids ordering. She was very nice and has a gives great customer service. Very pleasant experience.
I frequent Taco Bell but this one always kills it. So yummy and good service. The chalupa cravings box is a dollar more probably to account for the area of rich yuppies but it's worth it. Go to this tbell and you won't be disappointed
The people working there are very helpful and very polite and service is excellent. I go there very often and am always pleased with the food and service.
Food was very good and i have never been a fan . Reason for two stars short or 5 star and why i cannot go back ....ITS FREEZING in there like 6o and the staf admits it but then does NOTHING!!!
We just drove through and we were greeted with, "we can't take your order, we don't have any gloves." Pretty bizarre. What kind of place are you running here, guys? I appreciate the heads-up but why are you out of gloves?!
I used to go here a few too many times a week before they shut down for remodel so when they opened back up I was super stoked. The quality has just been so terrible every single time I've come here since they've reopened. Food is cold, rice is hard, bottom of the bag on nacho fries with just all of the cold hard little pieces. I don't know many, at first I thought I just had bad luck, but this is becoming pretty consistent. Today I ordered a spicy potato soft taco and got 6 little potato's and some lettuce and cheese lightly sprinkled on a hunk of raw tortilla. I used to work food service so I know what it's like to have a bad day here and there, but poor quality is becoming the status quo for this location.
I love Taco Bell you can't go wrong with Taco Bell they always have a lot of tacos and chips and salsa and hot sauce and fire sauce and everything you could possibly want. I've always loved it and I've always will continue eating it so I say Jeremy where would you like to go eat for some fast food Taco Bell sounds about right now. You know you love it so course you're going to go there
It's just your average Taco Bell, but I wanted to review because they have remodeled and the experience is much better than before. It's very modern and clean inside. The order was correct and came up fast, unlike before the update. Looks like new staff, too. Super fast and friendly. I even saw the manager back in the kitchen helping out. Keep up the good work, we will be back.
After the remodel this TB officially has the best cinnamon twists and nacho fries. The staff is super friendly and is willing to let you order by memory. The green mood lighting is icing on the cake (or taco).
I have never had any problems with this location until today! The lady who took my order put it in wrong but then corrected my order so i thought my food was fine. Once we got to the window the girl was very rude. Didnt tell me how much my order was, she didnt speak at all, just took my card, gave it back, and gave me my order. We were very polite to her too! I ordered the taco party pack. 6 fiery dtl tacos w ONLY lettuce. The other 6 were regular hard shell tacos supreme, w NO cheese. My first 3 tacos were fine! But the last 3 had very little meat w cheese. I never wanted cheese in my tacos. I only wanted lettuce. They didnt even put lettuce in the last 3! And they drowned my boyfriends tacos w sour cream! IDK what it is with these workers! Like if they really hate their job that much, just quit! I had an amazing guy working there who took my order a couple days before today! He Repeated my order to me 3x to make sure he had it right and was very very polite! Please hire more people like him! I sadly dont have the reciept w his name anymore but please stop hiring people who dont give a flying f***k about their job! Because they can care less about customer satisfaction! Looks like they just want to stay on the clock to just get paid as long as they can do whatever they want!
It is a good Taco Bell. The same way there are good Dominos or Wendy's or McDonald's. It is the one you're okay to go to and if given a choice of two locations, the one you pick. I constantly get off work around 1-2:30 in the morning and they've been there with a good value and something different from the monotony of pizza or burger that seem to be the only places open that late. Don't get me wrong, a sit down restauraunt is gonna have better food, but value to convenience to service to taste makes me keep coming back.
Terrible experience here. Paid for three items that weren't prepared. The other items we ordered were inedible. Poorly prepared, wouldn't go back. Would recommend going to another location.
It used to be excellent, and they never made any mistakes. Staff was too friendly. Now this is an ordinary eatery. They make tons of errors, so double-check your order. The staff is nice, but very slow and not attentive.
This is one of the best Taco Bells I have been to. My only complaint is the line that there is at the drive-thru usually. They fill all items up to a good amount - nothing is ever skimped out. My boyfriend says otherwise, but he's also an idiot - a burden I have to bear, but not Taco Bell.
This is the greatest Taco Bell in existence. You know when you get that perfect cheesy Gordita crunch that has perfectly soft flatbread, super meaty cheese, and is properly filled? They do it every single time. It's uncanny. I can't believe I'm reviewing a Taco Bell on Yelp, but seriously, this one is the best.
Derby County's 2015/16 Sky Bet Championship fixture list has been revealed.
Derby County's 2015/16 Sky Bet Championship fixture list has been revealed.
The Rams will kick off the new season, in Paul Clement's first game as Head Coach, away to Bolton Wanderers on Saturday 8th August.
Derby's trip to the Macron Stadium in the 2014/15 campaign was a positive one, as they ran out 2-0 winners thanks to a brace from striker Chris Martin.
The opening month of the campaign also includes games at home to Charlton Athletic (Saturday 15th August) and Middlesbrough (Tuesday 18th August) and a short trip to Birmingham City on Saturday 22nd August, before rounding off the month at home to Leeds United on Saturday 29th August.
The local derby encounters against rivals Nottingham Forest will be played at the City Ground on Saturday 7th November and then back at the iPro Stadium on Saturday 19th March.
Over the Christmas period, Derby will face Fulham at the iPro Stadium on Boxing Day (Saturday 26th December), Leeds United away on Monday 28th December and then Middlesbrough away on Saturday 2nd January to kick off 2016.
Derby will round off the season on home turf, at home to Ipswich Town on Saturday 7th May.
To view Derby County's full 2015/16 fixture list, please follow this link: http://www.dcfc.co.uk/fixtures-results/fixtures-list.
Tweets by @ dcfcofficial
The uncomfortable topic of race came up quickly on the MayMac World Tour last month.
Conor McGregor drew criticism on the first stop in Los Angeles after he told Floyd Mayweather to dance for him, referring to the African American boxing star as “boy.” McGregor used similar language a day later in Toronto and then in New York, on the third stop of the tour, it boiled over.
On stage in Brooklyn, McGregor said he would address the race issue in front of the more than 10,000 in attendance. McGregor said he couldn't be racist, because he was “half black” — “black from the belly button down.” He then did a gyrating dance for what he called his “beautiful black female fans.”
McGregor has called many past opponents “boy,” no matter their race, but it was a backstage interview with “Jimmy Kimmel Live” that caused the most uproar in Toronto. McGregor was asked about the movie Rocky 3 and he asked if that was the film with the “dancing monkeys in the gym.” While it's unclear exactly what McGregor was referring to, many outlets pointed to the fact that Rocky 3 was the sequel in which Rocky Balboa went to train in an all-black gym.
The video has since been removed from the show's YouTube page.
Mayweather was unhappy with what he felt was McGregor's disrespect of him, his family and African Americans after the New York tour stop. And he expanded more on that Tuesday night in an interview with Stephen A. Smith on ESPN's SportsCenter.
“I just didn't like when he called us monkeys,” Mayweather said. “I think that was totally disrespected. … He called us monkeys. I didn't like it. It didn't push a button to make me jump out of my character and go crazy, but I didn't like it.”
McGregor, who is from Ireland, called any talk that he is racist “f*cking ridiculous” after the Brooklyn tour stop. He did admit on the fourth and final stop in London that his comments in front of the crowd in New York didn't hit right. McGregor said he was trying to make light of the situation, but it didn't work the way he hoped.
“It didn't really hit right,” McGregor said. “I'm just gonna stay where it is and leave it out. I know who I am as a person. I think most realistic people can look and know.”
Mayweather said he was upset with McGregor on the tour for those comments, but didn't let it show on stage. The two men — Mayweather, an all-time boxing great, and McGregor, the UFC lightweight champion — will meet in a boxing match Aug. 26 in Las Vegas.
“I just thought about all our different leaders,” Mayweather said on ESPN. “Martin Luther King, Malcolm X. They went on the front line for me and my family and all my loved ones. Like I said before, this stuff still goes on. But I'm strong, I'm smart, patient. And come Aug. 26, I'll be the same person — smart, strong, patient. And the same way he called us monkeys, we're gonna see if he says that Aug. 26.”
Smith asked Mayweather if all of McGregor's talk would motivate him or if this was just another fight camp.
“No different,” Mayweather said. “But this is for a cause. This is for the American people. This is for all the blacks around the world.”
McGregor did not appreciate Mayweather bringing up racism during the tour. In London, he made a vague reference to Mayweather's past prison stint for domestic violence. Mayweather also let loose with a homophobic slur on stage on that final tour stop.
“You can be fooled by him if you want to be fooled by him,” McGregor said. “You know the man's character, you know his history. He's trying to sway the people in his favor. I think it was a cheap, little [play]. … I was trying to address something in my own little way. But whatever. It is what it is. I had fun with it last night. If he feels disrespected, well he's an idiot and then f*ck him as well.”
The great debate/crisis under way right now in Washington over the national debt-limit ceiling is really all about the allocation of limited resources, particularly in the realm of health care costs and insurance that are parts of national entitlement programs and mandates. Obama, Boehner and their supporters are duking it out over who gets covered, who pays for it, and what else won't get funded.
Me, I find it a lot easier to write about the economics of my dog.
My late dog.
Last week, we made the very difficult decision in Seattle to put down Roswell, our basset hound so friendly she actually purred like a cat every time someone rubbed her stomach or pet her head.
Roswell (named after the town in her native New Mexico infamous for a bogus alien spaceship crash) died six weeks short of her 15th birthday. That's more than three years longer than the lifespan of the average basset, and 104 in dog years. So she had a pretty good ride. That's especially true if you don't count the day a decade ago when a boxer bolted out of a house along the Albuquerque street named for Nobel Peace Prize winner Martin Luther King Jr. and unpeaceably tried to take off one of her floppy ears.
Reference works say 50% of bassets die from bloat, cancer or heart problems. Rozzie had all three, and then some, including, as it turned out, insurmountable stomach issues. They left her in a coma before we authorized a shot of pentobarbital, which humanely stopped her breathing in less than 10 seconds.
It fell to me to be the family witness to her passing.
The purpose of this post is not to lament the death of a gentle, affectionate dog or to elicit sympathy. It's to ponder the financial considerations of dog ownership, the value imparted, the trade-offs entailed and--maybe--the light shed on what is truly important and what is not.
Thanks to the magic of a 20-year-long Quicken file, I know to the penny what Rozzie cost since her birth in Albuquerque on September 2, 1996. The total: $36,846.24. That included the $250.00 we paid for her on October 18, 1996, six weeks after her birth, and the expenses attendant to her final illness, about which more in a bit.
The average yearly cost was $2,456.42, or slightly more than $200.00 a month. If that seems high to you, that seems high to me, too. But it's not just because we lived seven years in high-cost California, where some greedy veterinarians marking up the expensive drugs they sold routinely violated state law by refusing to give written prescriptions that could be shopped around for a lower price.
Here's the main reason. Of the $36,846.24, a whopping 70%--$25,924.29--went for all kinds of medical bills. Put another way, aside from health-care expenses, the warmth that Rozzie generated cost us just $2 a day every day of her life. But her collective medical bills boosted that figure by 237% to $6.73 a day.
Expressed on a daily basis, that still may not seem like so much. But it's roughly equal to 4 1/2 servings of Starbucks' smallest brew. It's 22% of the amount the U.S. considers the poverty line for a single human. It's even sufficient to feed a half-dozen kids in Africa.
Why use a dog? Well, it's considered bad form to openly put a value on the life of a human. Of course, this is done quietly across the country all the time in wrongful-death lawsuits, government rule-making and private-sector decision-making on safety issues like whether there should be more steel in that tiny car. Even though they become family members, dogs are a lot easier to discuss, even if just as emotionally.
Rozzie's health-care expenses certainly were formidable. They ranged from routine shots and treatment for all kinds of infections to expensive surgeries on various parts of her rather long body. These procedures included everything from an elongated leg to a twisted stomach to removal of growths attributable to cancer (with which she was diagnosed three times in California).
This tab included medicines and supplements. Near the end of her life Rozzie was taking 12 pills a day as well as iron drops and a daily anti-arthritis squirt. The top of the kitchen microwave oven where we kept her meds looked like a drug warehouse.
For humans it is said that health-care costs peak in the first and last year of life. I'm not so sure that holds for a dog's entry into the world, which generally doesn't involve a hospital stay; Rozzie's first year health-care tab was just $347.00.
But it certainly was true for her exit.
In her last three years of life, Rozzie's health care bills amounted to $16,217.49--nearly half the entire lifetime cost of her support.
The medical bills for her final 12 months was $6,973.73, the highest of any one-year period in her life.
The bill for her last hour as a living being on earth: $918.09.
That was the tab after she was rushed to a Seattle animal hospital 10 days after her arrival in town for the second time in 24 hours, barely awake after not eating or drinking. The charges included $150.80 for X-rays, $195.90 for CPR (Rozzie had had a heart attack), $146.95 to set up an IV, $40.79 for meds and $110.25 for abdomininocentesis, the removal with a needle of fluid build-up.
And $176.15 for Rozzie's euthanasia and routine cremation--all collected, of course, in advance.
I declined in writing the opportunity to pay a lot more for a "private cremation" that would have returned her ashes in my choice of a wooden box or ceramic urn. My memories of her joyous life were sufficient.
And free. Or at least pre-paid.
While a 140/90 blood pressure reading now would put you into a regimen of medical care, if your 75-year-old great-grandfather's numbers were 180/110, no doctor would have blinked an eye throughout the 1950s. A mere 50 years ago, physicians described hypertension, or high blood pressure, with words like "essential" or "benign." That's because the thinking back then was that rising blood pressure was a normal -- even necessary -- part of aging. That was before the Framingham Heart Study published groundbreaking research in 1959 showing that people with elevated blood pressure had more heart attacks and coronary disease than those with normal blood pressure. Far from protecting elderly folks by forcing more blood through aging, stiff arteries to vital organs, as the old theory went, high blood pressure silently ravaged internal organs.
Finally, science showed that something had to be done to control the first proven risk factor associated with the nation's epidemic of heart disease, and researchers set about looking for solutions. In the past half century, pharmaceutical discoveries have come up with dozens of medications to help people keep their blood pressure under control. The arsenal of treatments includes diuretics, beta-blockers, ACE inhibitors, angiotensin antagonists, calcium channel blockers, alpha-blockers, alpha-beta blockers, nervous system inhibitors and vasodilators. If one doesn't work alone, often two or more in combination will do the trick. Protecting your heart, brain, kidneys and other organs from the destruction of high blood pressure is an area of medicine with dozens of individualized treatment options.
We've also learned that losing weight, eating a diet rich in fruits, vegetables and grains and low in salt, sugar and saturated fats, exercising daily and not smoking goes a long way in helping to control blood pressure. But we all know how difficult those lifestyle changes are to make and to stick with, and medications can help you stay safer even as you work on lifestyle changes. Working closely with your doctor will help you find what's right for you to get your blood pressure down and keep it down.
Unheeded Warnings
Modern medicine has made the control of blood pressure highly achievable. And yet far too many people have uncontrolled high blood pressure. According to a recent Centers for Disease Control and Prevention report, almost a third of Americans, or 67 million people, have high blood pressure, and more than half of them -- 36 million people -- don't have it under control. Some 14 million people are walking around with high blood pressure without even knowing it; another 5.7 million people know it but aren't taking drugs to control it; and 16 million are taking drugs, but the medications they're taking aren't doing the job of controlling their blood pressure.
The first step in controlling hypertension knows what your blood pressure reading is. We're all familiar with the cuff squeezing our upper arm as part of just about every medical encounter. Don't let the health care worker jot down your number without knowing it yourself and understanding what it means. Systolic, or the upper number, measures blood pressure within the arteries when the heart muscle is contracting. Diastolic, the lower number, is the minimum pressure in your arteries between beats, when the heart is relaxed. An optimal reading is less than 120/80; with a reading of 140/90 or higher, you need to consider treatment to lower your blood pressure.
Why It's Important
I've heard people protest that they don't want to take pharmaceuticals because they're unnatural and they carry side effects. Well, the "natural" side effects of uncontrolled high blood pressure are deadly. When your blood pressure is high, you are three times more likely to die from heart disease and four times more likely to die of a stroke. High blood pressure is responsible in part for 1,000 deaths in the United States each day, and this one highly controllable risk factor costs the American health care system $131 billion a year.
The damage done to your body by high blood pressure is silent for years and even decades. You won't notice a thing as the increased pressure of blood flowing through your vessels damages cells lining your arteries. Arteries once flexible become hardened and stiff. The damaged cells become collection points for fatty deposits, blocking free blood flow and endangering your brain, your heart, your kidneys -- even your eyes, arms and legs.
There are enough medications and lifestyle changes available to help lower blood pressure that, working with your health care provider, you can find a workable solution with few side effects -- or certainly side effects more acceptable than those resulting "naturally" from lack of treatment.
But sometimes people just don't do what physicians recommend. Researchers have studied the issue of noncompliance, most rigorously among elderly Medicare patients. Here are some astonishing and costly findings. As many as 55 percent of elderly patients don't take the drugs their doctors have prescribed. One large teaching hospital examined 23 patients, all of whom were admitted over a two month period because of consequences of failing to take their medications, and found that those patients racked up 590 days in the hospital, at an avoidable cost of $60,000.
Some reasons people don't take their medications are that the dosing regimen is confusing to them, especially if multiple drugs are needed as is sometimes the case with high blood pressure; they fear or don't like specific side effects; the costs are prohibitive, or they have failed to understand the importance of taking the drugs.
Expect Help From Your Provider
The CDC, understanding how important it is that patients stick with their blood pressure drugs, has begun recognizing health delivery systems that do a good job of helping their patients. Two such systems were Kaiser Permanente in Denver and the Ellsworth Medical Clinic in Ellsworth, Wis. The two systems are important for what they show us about what works and what to expect from your own provider. In four years, the Denver facility improved blood pressure control among patients from 61 percent to 82.6 percent. In the Wisconsin clinic, blood pressure control among patients with cardiac disease went from 67 percent to 97 percent; and among all patients, blood pressure control reached 90 percent in 2011.
Both systems have made blood pressure control a priority. They take readings at every visit. They email or phone patients with reminders about medications. They work with pharmacists to encourage and support them in providing advice and counseling to patients with high blood pressure. They consider providing 90-day prescriptions rather than 30-day prescriptions so patients have fewer opportunities to run out. And they take into account the cost of medications and co-payments when writing prescriptions so that patients with few resources can afford their drugs. Most patients with hypertension can be controlled with generic medications rather than costly trade name pharmaceuticals.
But you can't just passively wait for your doctor to get your blood pressure under control. This is your body. Know your blood pressure number. There are a number of affordable home blood pressure monitoring devices on the market, and your doctor can help you choose one. Then you can record your own blood pressure regularly at various times of the day and let your doctor know if it shows a pattern of climbing to unacceptable levels. (Blood pressure rises and falls throughout the day. It's a problem when it stays at elevated levels.)
You can stop smoking, become physically active and work to maintain a healthy weight. If you need a prescription for a blood pressure lowering drug, take it as prescribed every day.
Heart Healthy Diet
A diet that helps to control blood pressure is the same eating plan that helps control your weight and improve your overall health. Make it rich in fruits, vegetables and grains. Get much of your protein from fish or chicken or nuts and limit fatty meats.
Limiting salt intake has been a controversial element in controlling blood pressure. The evidence indicates that a reduction in dietary salt can lower blood pressure in many people. The effect is more pronounced in some individuals, including elderly patients, African-Americans and obese patients. But the evidence is less clear that eating less salt means fewer heart attacks and strokes among people with normal or high blood pressure. Some studies suggest that salt is unhealthy for hearts; others fail to support that conclusion; still others suggest that salt is bad for some people, but not everyone. That's likely because some individuals are, indeed, more sensitive to salt than others.
For now, we have not proven way to sort out salt sensitive people, and the federal government recommends lowering salt intake to 2,300 milligrams of sodium a day. Even lower levels, to 1,500 milligrams a day, reduces blood pressure even more. (The average man consumes 4,200 milligrams of sodium a day while the average woman consumes 3,300 milligrams a day.)
A Medical Dilemma With Proven Answers
Smoke from wildfires in Northern California and Oregon arrived in the Bay Area Thursday, reducing visibility in some places and increasing concentrations of soot as the region braces for several days of intense heat and smog.
“The smoke has been moving toward us for several days and now it's here,” said Kristine Roselius, a spokeswoman for the Bay Area Air Quality Management District.
The smoke was thickest in the East Bay and North Bay on Thursday, but the smoke also was drifting into San Mateo and Santa Clara counties in the afternoon, the air district reported.
Like our Facebook page for more conversation and news coverage from the East Bay and beyond.
The highest soot concentrations in the Bay Area were measured midday at Concord and Livermore, where the smoke was so thick as to be labeled unhealthy for the general population to breathe.The air improved slightly there over the afternoon to a level where it was considered unhealthy for sensitive individuals to breathe.
In response, the air district issued a smoke advisory urging people who smell the smoke to limit time outdoors, close doors and windows, and set air conditioners and car vents to recirculate.
The smoke prompted many East Bay residents to call local fire local departments to ask if the skies were dirty from local fires, but were told it was mostly from wildfires far away.
“These are unusually high readings for the Bay Area,” said Daniel Alrick, an air district meteorologist. “But the readings can change with shifts in the plume and wind direction. We advise the public to check air quality readings before deciding whether to pursue outdoor activities.”
In addition to the smoke problems, Roselius said unhealthy smog concentrations are expected to reduce visibility in Bay Area skies as well this week.
The wildlfire smoke contains gases that turn into smog, which irritates lungs and eyes, as well as tiny soot particles that can lodge deep in the lungs and escalate the risks of asthma attacks and strokes.
“If you smell the smoke,” Alrick said, “you're likely to be affected by it.”
The smoke is drifting in from a series of wildfires along the Oregon and California border, and more recently from a wildfire near Oroville.
Get top headlines in your inbox every afternoon.
Sign up for the free PM Report newsletter.
How thick the smog gets and where it drifts will depend on wind and weather conditions that can change daily, officials said, but added it's possible the smoke will stick around at least through Saturday.
Also Thursday, the air quality district issued a Spare the Air alert for unhealthy smog levels predicted on Friday for the Bay Area. This is the second day in a row with an alert.
“Extreme temperatures, like those we are expecting this weekend, require caution,” said Jack Broadbent, the air district executive officer. “To protect your health, avoid exercising or outdoor activities during the hottest part of the day and follow the advice of local health officials to find cooling centers in your area.”
INTERMINABLE queues, impenetrable paperwork, unpronounceable German words — the hurdles for any newcomer to Europe's top economy can be daunting but now there's an app for that, says a team of enterprising Syrian refugees.
It's called Bureaucrazy, after the often Kafkaesque process of getting housing, health care and a bank account, not to mention seeking asylum.
The team is made up of six budding programmers from Berlin's ReDI School of Digital Integration, a non-profit organisation that trains refugees in coding and entrepreneurship.
Its first class started in February with 42 students, of whom 35 were awarded diplomas in June.
“I was shocked by the long waits in line and when I first arrived, I waited two weeks for a paper called ‘Kostenuebernahme' — it's a permission for staying in an apartment or hotel” at state expense, said one of the developers, 30-year-old Omar Alshafai.
“Also when I signed the paper — it was in German — we didn't know what we were signing,” said Alshafai, who came from Damascus in April 2015.
The thicket of red tape facing Germany's refugees was highlighted last month by a Chinese backpacker who made global headlines after he accidentally signed an application for asylum when he lost his wallet. He was only able to sort out the mistake and retrieve his passport after spending 12 days in a refugee shelter.
GERMAN TONGUE-TWISTERS
Alshafai's teammate Ghaith Zamrik, a 19-year-old from the war-ravaged Syrian capital, arrived in Berlin last Christmas Day.
Just two months later, he was enrolled at the ReDI school.
“At the first session we were doing some brainstorming — we were discussing what problems we had and how technology could solve these problems,” he said.
“We had two main issues, the first was the language and the other was bureaucracy because we couldn't understand it, how the system works here.” But while the market was flooded with translation apps, the team saw a potentially huge audience for technology that could offer downloads of required documents, map the locations of relevant offices and address frequently asked questions.
The pair howled in mock pain as they recalled the German tongue-twisters necessary to open doors, with “Mietschuldenfreiheitsbescheinigung” (proof that you don't own rent for a previous flat) among the most devilish.
Even Germans they asked for help were often bewildered by the jargon of official correspondence, making their app a potential godsend for more than just asylum seekers.
“We're hoping to also help all the migrants, or anybody who comes new to Germany, with the bureaucratic system,” Zamrik said.
The team started work in February and by early June had a successful demonstration at Berlin's Startup Europe Summit.
Anne Kjaer Riechert, the CEO and co-founder of ReDI, noted Germany had an estimated 43,000 unfilled jobs in the IT sector and that refugees represented untapped potential.
The Bureaucrazy team “had no previous experience in any kind of coding but of course they are what I would call extreme users when it comes to mobile technology because the smartphone has really been a lifeline for many of them while fleeing” including as a tool for navigation and reconnecting with family on the migrant trail, she said.
While Alshafai is a trained electrical engineer, he had initially been hired at luxury carmaker Mercedes-Benz as an intern on the factory floor.
Now ReDI is working with established companies like Mercedes to place qualified asylum seekers in their innovation departments.
“I firmly believe it is more profitable for everybody in the long term when we can support newcomers like Omar to help develop ideas for Mercedes' future digital retail spaces instead of having him work on the assembly line,” she said.
‘NOT THE ONLY ONES'
A recent study by the Bertelsmann Foundation found that the number of jobs created by companies started by migrants shot up by more than one-third to 1.3 million between 2005 and 2014, while the number of entrepreneurs with foreign roots rose by one-quarter to 709,000.
Alshafai and Zamrik said that beyond launching a business venture, they wanted to show that with a bit of hard work and ingenuity, refugees could more than pull their weight in German society.
“Lots of refugees actually are doing something but not all of them get media coverage so I think we're not the only ones,” Zamrik said.
Bureaucrazy has captured the attention of the German media just weeks after a series of brutal assaults committed by refugees in the south of the country, two of which were claimed by the Islamic State group.
The news revived fears that Germany had made a grave mistake in letting in nearly 1.1 million asylum seekers last year, sending Chancellor Angela Merkel's approval rating plunging.
Zamrik said he was heartened in the wake of the attacks to see Merkel defend her welcoming stance and repeat her “We can do this” rallying cry.
“It gives me back the feeling when I left Syria, why I thought that I might choose Germany to stay in,” he said.
The Bureaucrazy team, hoping for a January launch of the app, has opened a crowd-funding page.
When former Indianapolis Colts coach Tony Dungy surveys the winless team he once led, he is reminded of his early years as a defensive backs coach with the Pittsburgh Steelers.
Armed with an aging Terry Bradshaw at the helm, the team passed on a guy named Dan Marino in the 1983 NFL Draft and spent another 20 years searching for a franchise quarterback.
Dungy believes the Colts need to look to the future and draft Stanford quarterback Andrew Luck if they have the chance.
"I think you have to take him," Dungy told "The Dan Patrick Show" on Friday.
Dungy said Peyton Manning "would handle it OK, because you know it's coming."
"I would see him competing and playing as long as he wanted," Dungy said. "If it gets to the point to where, hey, he comes back and it looks like he's gonna play three or four more years, and you say -- we've got Andrew Luck, we've got an asset -- we trade (Peyton)."
Trade Manning?
Up until now, the mere idea of parting ways with No. 18 seemed impossible. But the Colts have wandered into strange lands, 0-6 for the first time since 1997, a disastrous season that netted Indy the top pick in the 1998 NFL Draft. They used that pick on Manning, and they shouldn't be afraid to pull the trigger again come April.
Following a complaint made by HBO, an administrator of a popular streaming TV show and movie portal was arrested by authorities in Chile during March this year. The 26-year-old student was subsequently charged with breaches of copyright law and forbidden from leaving the country. Now he's been set free due to lack of evidence but is banned from accessing his former site and has to give copyright lectures in schools.
In South America, Cuevana.tv is a very popular TV show and movie streaming portal. The site carries an index of popular mainstream content which can be accessed via a smaller browser addon which pulls TV shows and movies from cyberlockers around the world.
The site has its base in Argentina, where it is the country's 65th most-popular site. However, it is in Chile, where it is the 135th most popular site, that it generated big headlines recently.
In March, an alleged operator of Cuevana.tv was arrested by Chilean police, the culmination of a two month investigation prompted by TV show giant HBO.
Christian Alvarez, a 26-year-old student, was claimed to be one of nine alleged administrators of Cuevana.tv. The other eight, authorities claim, are stationed in Argentina.
Alvarez, a student at the University of Chile currently pursuing a Master's degree, denied being a site admin, instead describing himself as just a user with some extra privileges. He also insists that he made no money from his activities at Cuevana.tv.
Despite his protestations Alvarez was subsequently charged with breaches of copyright law and forbidden from leaving the country while the investigation against him continued.
For their part, HBO said they were very happy with the arrest of Alvarez and congratulated the police on their action to protect intellectual property rights. But things quickly went downhill. Following his arrest, nothing could be found to link Alvarez to infringement of HBO's copyrights. Perhaps worst still, Cuevana.tv continued to operate uninterrupted. Yesterday there was more bad news.
“Luckily everything went well for me,” said Alvarez in a statement. “A decision was made to suspend the case, because there was no evidence to support the accusations.”
While the 26-year-old will now go free, it seems that HBO didn't leave completely empty-handed. They only agreed to dismiss their action against Alvarez after he agreed to abide by a set of fairly unusual conditions.
Firstly, Alvarez had to agree not to visit Cuevana.tv at all for the next 12 months, nor get involved in any other similar sites. Secondly and perhaps most controversially, Alvarez will have to give lectures on copyright issues to children in schools.
Commenting on the case, a spokesperson for the Argentinian Pirate Party told TorrentFreak that Cuevana.tv provides an important alternative distribution platform for local independents competing against Hollywood domination.
“Hollywood's movies occupy all the space in theaters leaving little opportunity or decent running lengths for local films,” he told us.
To this end, Tomas Escobar, the alleged owner of Cuevana.tv, tried to reach agreements with local producers and called out to them to distribute their films through his platform. During December 2011, Cuevana.tv hosted the exclusive official release of the local movie ‘Stephanie' directed by Maximilian Gerscovich.
Following recent events it's unclear whether Cuevana will be able to continue this initiative. Authorities in Chile say evidence gathered in the recent case will now be sent to Argentinian authorities for their investigation.
QR Code Link to This Post
Are you a loser, aged 37-50? Are you a lonely, pathetic schlub who can't get any closer to a woman than a 900 number? Do you despair of having a woman speak to you respectfully, let alone date you or touch you? Well, sugar, it's your lucky night. Because a respectable, clean, intelligent, independent, witty, financially secure woman who is fed up with trying to get the attention of respectable, clean, intelligent, independent, witty, financially secure men will seriously consider your offer. Pretty boys, frat brats, software millionaires, endlessly self-promoting Micronerds, salsa-dancing midlife-crisis-clinic navel-gazers, self-obsessed Mountaineers, Dockers-clad Boeing bores, aging hipsters who masturbate to their own blogs...step off, back of the yellow line! Make way for the humble, the beer-gutted, the morbidly obese, the mulleted, the untouchable, the harijans, the rejected! You are my kind of men; you, the repulsive, the socially retarded, are my brothers from another mother.
Don't tell Suze Orman, but this 38-year-old fat chick is putting herself on sale. That's right! In this special offer, I'm lowering my standards to the floor. Apparently, because I'm fat (see picture below), I'm not worth even a polite response from men, let alone a date. I've tried and TRIED to get the attention of men who are my social peers, men I know from work, men I see at church, men with whom I attended school. No dice! Silly moi, thinking I'm good enough for the men I'm surrounded by every day -- when in fact, they deserve lingerie models or mail-order brides who are half their ages. Hey, I just got rejected (by non-response followed by avoidance, no less) by a fat, clumsy slob who comes to work looking like he sleeps in his clothes...but I guess because he's got a job, he's out of my league, and deserves his very own Victoria's Secret catalog model. Oh, the poor thing, having the office fat chick e-mail him! How perfectly dreadful! He must have been so embarrassed.
So I'm moving on...down. Bitter, party of one, your table is SERIOUSLY ready. Nice guys, guys without criminal records, guys without drug habits, guys who read, guys who don't live with their mothers -- yes, all TOO GOOD for me! Come and get it, all ye desperate and lonely, ye self-destructive and miserable, ye of rock-bottom self-esteem. My only criteria:
You bathe
You express yourself well, in English.
You don't have kids
You're aged 37-50
You live in Washington State
That's it! Come to mama, all ye who can't get a date, all ye who would settle for a relationship with any woman who isn't incarcerated, all ye who would be so grateful for some female companionship that you're willing to overlook the fact that your partner weighs 190 lbs. Tell me why women won't even treat you like a human being with feelings. Really, I want to read this. Because I know what it's like. I know what it's like to be a vibrant, vivid, engaging, intelligent person who gets treated like a f*cking piece of vermin-infested furniture because she's overweight.
Apple has been busy releasing swaths of new mobile hardware this year, including the iPad, new notebooks, and most recently, the iPhone 4. Apple did manage to squeeze in a revised unibody Mac mini earlier this year, but a couple new pieces of information suggest that new iMacs and Mac Pros could be showing up soon.
A report from AppleInsider indicates that Apple is clearing the channel of current iMac models. Distributors and resellers are supposedly being told to not expect any additional new stock and to sell through the stock they currently have on hand. The updated iMacs are expected to ditch the Core2 Duos used in lower-end models for Core i5 and—in the lowest-end models—Core i3 processors.
Additionally, MacRumors reports customers around the country have discovered that Mac Pros are no longer available to reserve for pickup at some retail locations. This suggests that inventory is shrinking, and may be a sign that the long (and we mean long) overdue Mac Pro update is nearing release. Apple hasn't released a new Mac Pro in nearly 18 months, though the update cycle for the workstation averages about 8 months.
These new desktops are expected to feature updated Intel processors, much faster graphics cards, USB 3.0, and perhaps a faster version of FireWire. AppleInsider also suggests that Apple has test prototypes in its labs using processors from Intel-rival AMD. Given what we know about both companies' current line-ups, though, we are doubtful that iMacs or Mac Pros powered by AMD processors will be released anytime soon.
Apple CEO Steve Jobs said of the company's recent record breaking quarter that it had "amazing new products still to come this year." In addition to the Mac Pro, other products that have been seemingly ignored for updates include the MacBook Air, 30" Cinema Display, and Xserve, so perhaps desktop fans will get something before the year is out after all.
