US Census data and otherwise has repeatedly shown more couples are opting to marry later in life than ever before. True, there are some great reasons why a couple should wait to tie the knot: like finishing college or working overseas. But there are a lot of lame excuses being made to put off marriage like, “taking time to find yourself” or “not in an ideal financial situation.” Let's be real — aren't we always “finding ourselves”? Our hobbies and passions are ever changing. And when will we ever be in a great financial situation? Not any time soon with the average US student loan debt at $29,400! Some view putting off marriage as a wise decision—personally and professionally. However, there are many reasons why couples should choose to marry sooner rather than later:
Couples who marry younger are happier.
The Knot Yet Project found unmarried 20-somethings as more likely to drink excessively and suffer from depression than their married counterparts. As far as life-satisfaction goes, “35 percent of single men and cohabiting men report they are “highly satisfied” with their life, compared to 52 percent of married men. Likewise, 33 percent of single women and 29 percent of cohabiting women are “highly satisfied,” compared to 47 percent of married women.” In the end, married 20 year olds are happier than unmarried 20 year olds.
No money? No problem.
It's a common conception that a couple must have savings to get married. While I agree a stable income and savings is vital for child-rearing — when it comes to marriage itself, it couldn't be further from the truth. Consider writer and professor Karen Swallows, in her article about marrying young in The Atlantic. She said she and her husband didn't have money when they married at 19. They moved from crappy apartment to apartment. At one point they borrowed money from a church. But they pushed through together. Speaking on her marriage, “Our achievements have come, I am convinced, not despite our young marriage, but because of it.”
Married men earn more.
It's no secret men earn more than women (basically) across the board. But apparently married men earn more than other, similarly qualified single men — and this has been the case for decades. Are married men considered more responsible? Or more productive? Who knows.
On the bright side, if you happen to be in a less fortunate financial situation when hitched, at least you can look forward to the male-half of the marriage earning more.
Couples who marry younger have more sex.
Research proves that married couples in general have more sex than their unmarried counterparts. The Kinsey Institute found that over 85 percent of married couples in their late 20s have sex at least a few times a month compared to only 35 percent of their single counterparts. There could be lots of reasons for this, like more trust and no need for protection between married couples. Either way, married 20-somethings have more sex.
Higher fertility.
What goes hand-in-hand with sex? Duh. Babies.
And unfortunately fertility rates for women start to drop around 27. After 35 they decrease more dramatically. So, getting married earlier provides the opportunity to conceive younger. Even more, trying to conceive younger could save money in the long run. Because, let's face it: fertility treatments can cost a small fortune (For instance, the successful In Vitro Fertilization can amount to $13,000 – $14,000 when all is said and done.)
It's healthier for the mother to carry younger.
Beyond increased fertility, a younger mother has lower chances of certain pregnancy risks. Not to mention the slough of risks that appear after age 35. It is healthier for the child, too. I could browse journals across the web to find all infant-related health risks that coincide with older mothers. But I don't want to give anyone (or myself) nightmares.
Looking at March of Dimes data on the risk of Down syndrome and mother's age:
• At age 25, the risk of having a baby with Down syndrome is 1 in 1,250.
• At age 30, the risk is 1 in 1,000.
• At age 35, the risk is 1 in 400.
• At age 40, the risk is 1 in 100.
• At age 45, the risk is 1 in 30.
More energy to raise kids.
Aside from science, younger married couples have more energy to chase kids around the house than those pushing late 30s. This extra energy is even more crucial at the beginning of parenthood where little sleep is the norm with a fussy infant.
Energy to balance career and parenthood.
A common buzzword nowadays is “work-life-balance.” You know, managing a career, parenthood and even taking care of your own parents simultaneously. Making work-life-balance a reality seems much more feasible at a younger age.
The earlier you have kids, the younger you will be when they leave home.
If you finish having kids by 30, your lovely teenagers will (hopefully) be out of the house by the time you hit 48. Talk about free time to pursue interests.
Reclaim career after kids grow up.
In today's world it's likely that at least one parent is going to put their career on hold while children are young. Reality check: childcare can be as expensive as college. Literally.
The sooner a spouse takes time from their career, the sooner they can reestablish it. Career blogger Penelope Trunk makes a strong case to marry younger (at least for women). She debunks the common advice, “Wait. You have time. Focus on your career first.” Instead she asserts, “… you have your whole life to get a career. This is not true about having a baby.”
Pursue interests at an older age.
Maybe one doesn't want to “reclaim their career.” Or they managed to build it while raising kids. Even so with kids out of the house in your 40s, think of all the extra time. Volunteer at the animal shelter. Take that exotic vacation you never could when the kids were little.
Cool grandma/grandpa.
Having kids younger means you will be a young, “cool” grandparent. (Obviously contingent to if and when your offspring have children.) As a young g-parent, you can keep up with grandkids. More importantly, build up a strong relationship with them.
Share more memories with your spouse.
Whether it's good times or bad times, the sooner you get hitched the more memories there will be to look back on with your beloved. One may argue that a person's 20s is the decade to be “young, wild and free.” But wouldn't it be nicer to share all these experiences with someone you will (hopefully) still be with 50-60 years down the line?
Concerning divorce, there's no reason statistically to wait past 25.
Sometimes people think that young marriages end in divorce at higher rates. Which is true, if the couple marries under the age of 25. But, according to findings from The State of Our Unions “… if you are a reasonably well-educated person with a decent income, come from an intact family and are religious, and marry after the age of 25 without having a baby first, your chances of divorce are very low indeed.”
On your deathbed, what are you going to wish you did differently?
It's not going to be “partied more” or “been laid more.” It may seem that way now, but in actuality it will be the opposite. A book by a palliative nurse looked at the five biggest regrets of the dying: none relate to partying or sex with strangers. Most have to do with spending more time with loved ones, expressing yourself and allowing yourself to be happier. And you know who is happier? People who get married younger.
Marriage is not easy. There will be ups and downs regardless if you wed at 25 or 30. But the future looks a lot brighter for those who get hitched sooner rather than later. So, if you're in your 20s and found “the one” — what are you waiting for? Get married and build a lifetime of memories with that person. One day it will be all you have to look back on.
Read more real-life romantic confessions in our bestselling ebook here.
Originally Posted by UbiEpi Go to original post Originally Posted by
We will be performing a scheduled maintenance for Rainbow Six Siege on the PC servers. The servers will be down for maintenance from 4:00pm EST to 6:00pm EST.
We are implementing an update that will alleviate the issue of a game not starting once you have found one.
We will continue to update this post with more information as it becomes available.
Thanks for your patience.
// UPDATE 6:45pm EST //
We will be extending the maintenance. We will update you again at 7:45pm EST. Thank you for your patience.
// UPDATE 7:42pm EST //
Servers are now available. You should no longer find yourselves in sessions that do not begin. Please do share your experience from now on for PC on this thread. Thank you for your help!
Camp Pendleton's decision to reject our proposal violates federal ethics regulations. This is certainly a huge step in the wrong direction. We're still willing to work with officials before the San Diego area Marine Corps base is entrenched in a legal battle they can't possibly win.
We've received mixed signals from Camp Pendleton in trying to organize Rock Beyond Belief 2. Initially, they were on board with treating us with equality. We are simply demanding the same access, treatment, and support as the Armor of Light ministry has received for over a decade. They've put on numerous massive evangelical festivals featuring rock bands and speakers, all intent on explaining why service members (and their families) need to drop their current religious preference and become born again Christians.
Then late last year something abruptly changed over at the Armor of Light website. They ‘went dark', regarding public announcements of their events featuring command endorsement, sponsorship, or access to military bases. This was the entirety of their mission, so now they've got absolutely nothing to post to their ‘upcoming events' calendar.
Here is a screenshot from this morning, 5 January 2013.
Right around the same time AoL went dark, American Atheists' Freedom Of Information Act (FOIA) request had been processed. Look at the highlighted portions of this document [pdf] to see what was missing out of the information we requested. Half of what they did send us was improperly redacted beyond legibility. Even then, the contents constituted a tiny fraction of what we asked. No explanation was given.
Previously, the apparent full-stop in the special treatment for Armor of Light looked like a positive development. However, a few weeks ago, AoL and Camp Pendleton collaborated on a medium-sized event. Though not a full-blown concert, it had all the same hallmarks of the event we're trying to put on.
It featured a live music performance from at least one group (using relatively expensive pro-gear). There was face-painting, multiple ‘bounce houses', balloon animals, and other activities aimed at children. There was food, and a very large building's worth of seating arrangements (typically rented). Adults and kids sparred in padded sumo wrestler suits. This happened on Camp Pendleton with the full endorsement of a large tenant unit, and the use of government facilities, personnel, and equipment.
Ian Cherry, the same Camp Pendleton official who assured us equal treatment back in May, recently informed American Atheists that RBB2 couldn't be supported. The reasons he gave were ridiculous, and we're considering legal action shortly. The crux of their argument is that it would be ‘too costly', despite the fact that American Atheists was ready and willing to pay for the event. Mr. Cherry also cited one other obstacle – they don't have the manpower. It's odd that Camp Pendleton has the manpower only when Armor of Light events are concerned.
They are bluffing and treating us like we're idiots, but we aren't just going away. Here's why: what they are saying is ILLEGAL. These regulations couldn't possibly be more clear:
They simply don't have the option to tell us ‘No' from a legal perspective.
Here's how the funding piece works- In 2012, American Atheists paid for the first RBB (by way of a $50,000 donation from Stiefel Freethought Foundation) – mirroring the Billy Graham Evangelical Association's spending for the event that prompted RBB. The Billy Graham Evangelical Association no longer does massive festivals on military bases for some mysterious reason. Sources for the funding regarding AoL activities at Camp Pendleton are still completely unknown. We have no idea if tax-payers footed a lot of the bill at Camp Pendleton, but we sure as hell intend to find out.
This Armor of Light ministry is not without embarrassing controversy. They fall under the Calvary Chapel Costa Mesa umbrella, an evangelical movement steeped in (failed) end-times predictions, and mired with a large number of sex abuse cover-up scandals. The center of this storm is right outside of San Diego. There is a lot of money and power funneled into the area by way of a 1000+ church sect (Calvary Chapel) with flagship CCCM at the head.
We backed off temporarily for a few reasons. Chiefly, we thought they might have re-evaluated their history of special treatment for Armor of Light ministries, putting a stop to it. Large scale festivals with sectarian nature (Christian, Jewish, Atheist, Wiccan, etc.) are specifically illegal on military bases – unless they are willing and able to support any other comparable event.
We'd gladly go away if they make a very firm written commitment to stop all of these sectarian concerts, festivals, and the other events from outside organizations. That would be the easiest way to enforce the laws, and is the recommended course of action in the actual regulations. Unfortunately, it's apparent that they decided to fight against equal treatment, and for sectarian favoritism.
We ran into similar bluffs and tactics before. They didn't work last time. We're still hoping that Mr. Cherry is ready to talk about Rock Beyond Belief 2 as a festival, and not as a lawsuit.
It took 18 months to pull it off at Fort Bragg, and it was cutthroat the whole way. I'm proud to say that Colonel Sicinski and the rest of Bragg's leadership really came through on the right side of history, embracing us openly on the Main Post Parade Field. Camp Pendleton has nothing to fear and everything to gain by following the precedent we set last year.
It's not over, by any means. We'll likely resubmit our proposal and spend all of two sentences specifically addressing their nonsensical objections. I've played this game before. We'll be updating the official Rock Beyond Belief website shortly.
I first became aware of Mark Valley when he was on the first season of Fringe. He made such an impression on that show, the second he left it, he was quickly snapped up and put into his own show, Human Target.
The show centers on ‘Christopher Chance', who's a unique private contractor, bodyguard and security expert. The show also stars Chi McBride and his business partner and Jackie Earle Hailey as his hired gun.
I talked with Mark in a conference call where he spoke about the show, how he got into acting and working with his fantastic co-stars.
There are less and fewer shows that are picked up for another season. When Human Target was up in the air, do you think to yourself, “If I get another crack at this, I'd really like to do this” or “have this happen on the show”?
Mark Valley: I just wanted to go a little farther in finding out who he was. On one hand we have a guy who was an assassin who carried out this job and was a spy and a soldier in some ways. It takes a real ability to kind of shut off yourself emotionally in order to kind of accomplish those types of tasks. But also we have a guy likes to have fun, he likes people to some extent, and he has a bit of charm about him, and there's an element of compassion and empathy to him as well. So I was interested in kind of wearing out that path between those two a little more, to be honest with you.
Also just doing some more stunts and some martial arts. We have some great martial arts trainers that are working as stunt coordinators and my stuntman, Jeff Robinson. I was just looking forward to learning some more from these guys, maybe becoming a stuntman as like a fallback job if this whole acting thing doesn't pan out.
I know more than anything this is a very physically and mentally demanding role. How was it for you stepping back into the character after the hiatus?
Mark Valley: I was a little more prepared for what was going to be asked of me this season than last. So I just worked out and got in shape and just tried to have some general flexibility and strength when I came into the season, and it's been going well.
It seems to be the standard for shows to introduce a love interest, and there was a rumor that Chance may be getting one this season. What your thoughts are on that?
Mark Valley: Well there's not a lot of time for a love interest when the bullets are flying. I think if there is a sort of love interest thing it's going to catch them by surprise; it's not something either character is sort of actively pursuing or avoiding. I think when you have a man or woman together on screen it does sort of beg the question at some point, but these are relationships that are much more based on need and respect and ability as well. There's kind of more of a one-upmanship going on with Chance and Indira's character right now that I think would be going on with a guy in that position as well.
So I would just say that no, it's not turning into Cheers with Diane or anything. Do you know what I mean? We're not going to lose Chance or lose the relationships that these three guys have with something like that.
What kind of journey would you say that the characters are on this season?
Mark Valley: In terms of the overall journey that the characters are going to be going on I think some relationships are going to be enhanced, I think some are going to be challenged, and we're going to probably see a little bit more of what everybody's like. It really seems to me, like when I read a script this season, it feels like just simply having more characters in there it feels like it's longer; it's feels like there's so much more material in terms of relationships and finding out who people are in the scripts than there was with just maybe three characters and a new guest star like from some of the episodes from last year.
How do you feel about having the ladies aboard? How does that change the tone of the series, which was pretty testosterone filled last season?
Mark Valley: Oh I love it, to be honest with you. It's just some really fantastic actors. Janet Montgomery and Indira Varma—you can't just bring any two women into a show like this, I think, and these two are really playing out kind of specific characters who have like a real need and a real niche in this team. So it's been a lot of fun.
It seems like you guys are having more fun this time around and there's a lot more humor.
Mark Valley: Yes. There's more fun to do, there are more things to react off of. I was also promised I'd have more free time this season, but that doesn't appear to be happening. It just feels like we're doing even more than we were last year, and we are having an awful lot of fun. This show we're all being encouraged to find appropriate opportunities for humor, which are kind of a bond.
How is it working with Jackie Earle Hailey?
Mark Valley: Well first of all he's Kelly Leak; he's the coolest kid in town for the Bad News Bears. You know what I mean? He more or less is the coolest guy around. He's just really a great guy. He's a nice guy; he's such a talented actor. I'm always looking forward to seeing how he kind of interprets a scene or a line. He's very much a collaborator; he pitches in, and doesn't hesitate to make a suggestion that can help me improve things. He's just a really solid team player and a great guy and very positive. You know he's a black belt in karate, too. Bet you didn't know that.
Chance he seems to have a skill in absolutely everything. Are there some of these things that you already knew from the military? Did you have some skills in karate or shooting or any of those other things?
Mark Valley: Yes, we had to shoot in the Army. We had to qualify with I think it was M-16s at the time and like a 45 caliber, like a 911. Yes, so I've done a little bit of that. I also studied some languages when I was in the Army, like some French and German.
But I think what's interesting this season is I want to find opportunities; we see that Chance doesn't really know everything as well as he might think he does. I think there's a scene I think the first episode where he goes into the Swiss bank and he tells everyone to get down on the floor, and they don't do it so he fires the gun off. So I asked if I could do it in French, and … was like, “Yes, go ahead, dude. Give it a try.” So I yell it in French, but my actual translation of it wasn't get down on the floor it was “everyone in the world get in the basement, get underneath the floor.” Everyone looks at me quizzically and then I realized okay I'll just fire the gun; that will get their attention.
Acting is turning out pretty good for you. How did you make the jump? It's an unusual jump to go from military to acting. What first caused you to do it?
Mark Valley: Well I was stationed in Berlin after for quite a while after the Gulf War, and I realized that life could be short I might as well be doing something that I really enjoy. So I started sniffing around, and I tried a variety of things. I worked as an extra in a movie and I realized wow I want to join the circus, so here I am.
What is it about your role that really continues to challenge you?
Mark Valley: Physically it's still continuing to challenge me. Every stunt or fight we do there's probably something that I obviously haven't done before, and I think you just kind of imagine how someone would do that is always interesting for me. I think what still challenges me with the show is the fact that this character has had the past that he's had, but still he's able to maintain a kind of wink and a little bit of sparkle of charm and be able to cheer people up and to still sort of be positive and hopeful about humanity and the people around him with the past that he's had. So those are two things that I'm really looking forward to continuing.
Also working with this cast that we have; it's really a phenomenal group of people. For an actor like me to be in a situation with all these different types, different kind of varieties of talent I feel like I'm doing three different movies or something sometimes with all these people, all these really talented people. So that's what I'm looking forward to.
What would you say are Chance's strong points and shortcomings, and how does he compare to you in real life?
Mark Valley: Oh I would say Chance's shortcomings is probably his lack of patience. I just feel like Chance in any episode it's like okay where are the bad guys and why can't we go get them right now. I don't think he sounds bored like a teenager like that, but I think there's an element of him that doesn't really like to sit still just wants to go out and do it and let's get this thing going. I think I tend to be restless sometimes, although I think if I had a day off I would just sort of sit around and drink coffee and maybe watch TV and answer some e-mails. I've kind of been fantasizing about that lately.
I guess Chance likes working with a team. He really likes the teamwork aspect of accomplishing these missions and working with people that he trusts, not just anybody. I feel the same way; I like to work on things with people that I like and that I trust and that I enjoy. That's what seems to be happening right now on this show with Chi and Jackie and Janet and Indira, and it's just such a great group of people.
What do you think the combination of you, Chi McBride and Jackie Earle Hailey bring to the show?
Mark Valley: I think it definitely brought together three independent kinds of trajectories that kind of crossed at the same time. As actors we've had a variety of different— Chi did an awful lot of work in features, and of course Jackie did a lot of work as a child actor and then now he's an Academy Award nominated actor. Chi was the principal on Boston Public. I was playing a lawyer. If somebody had told us that 10 years ago we would have said, “What? Really?” Yes, it's just really fantastic group. It's a really fantastic group.
We all have different rhythms as well. When we're in a scene if we're reading it or doing it you read it on the page you don't necessarily know how it's going to go on the day when we're actually doing the scene, so that's what kind of excites me. It's very unpredictable how a scene is going to go down.
We heard how you felt about working with Haley. How do you feel about coming to a second season with McBride?
Mark Valley: Chi he has a kind of sense of timing and rhythm like a musician, so there's always a sort of fluidness to his scenes. No matter how emphatic he may be there's definitely a kind of rhythm and fluid going on underneath.
He's really a sweet man that has such a powerful presence, and for somebody to be able to kind of carry those two things at the same time it's just kind of a privilege to be around. As far as his work goes, he's a perfectionist. He also has one of these photographic memories. He's one of these really kind of amazing actors to watch, because he can kind of memorize things extremely quickly. He's facile enough to make changes, and then he's also reacting off of other people. I did work a little bit with Denzel Washington, I did a movie and had a really small part, but yes, he sort of reminds me of Denzel.
A gay softball organization has agreed to pay an undisclosed sum to three players who were disqualified from its 2008 Gay Softball World Series in the Seattle area because of their perceived heterosexuality.
A gay softball organization has agreed to pay an undisclosed sum to three players who were disqualified from its 2008 Gay Softball World Series because of their perceived heterosexuality.
And as part of the settlement announced Monday, their team will be awarded the second-place trophy it was denied at the time.
The men — Stephen Apilado, Laron Charles and John Russ — filed the federal lawsuit against the North American Gay Amateur Athletic Alliance (NAGAAA) last year, claiming they had been discriminated against because they were bisexual, not gay.
They had played for years on a San Francisco-based team called D2. Rumors had persisted that the team was stacked with straight ringers, and when they made it to the finals of the 2008 tournament in the Seattle area, others filed a protest, accusing D2 of exceeding the limit of two heterosexual players per team.
Tournament officials convened a protest committee and brought in five D2 members for questioning. In a conference room filled with about 25 people, many of them strangers, the players were asked questions about their sexuality and private lives. The protest committee then voted on whether the men were gay.
Two were determined to be gay, but the committee found Apilado, Charles and Russ to be straight. The organization said the men were evasive or refused to answer questions about their sexuality.
Minutes of the hearing say that Charles claimed to be gay but acknowledged being married to a woman, and Apilado initially said he was both gay and straight but then acknowledged being more attracted to women.
The men said they weren't given the option of stating outright that they were bisexual, even though the organization considered bisexual players to be gay for roster purposes. They and their team were disqualified.
One observer at the hearing commented, “This is not a bisexual world series. This is a gay world series.”
NAGAAA said the settlement came after the organization won a series of motions limiting what claims the players could present at trial.
The players initially asked the court to throw out the roster limit on straight players as discriminatory. But U.S. District Judge John Coughenour ruled that the organization had a constitutional right to limit the number of straight players as a means of promoting their message that openly gay, bisexual and transgendered individuals can thrive in competitive sports.
The judge said the case could proceed to trial because questions remained about the way the softball association applied its rule, including whether the questions asked at the hearing were unnecessarily intrusive. The trial was set for next month.
“We have been vindicated by the judge's First Amendment rulings,” said Roy Melani, NAGAAA's commissioner. “This lawsuit threatened not only the purpose of our organization but also its future. We fought hard to protect ourselves and our core identity and I am relieved this issue is finally behind us.”
Since the lawsuit was filed, NAGAAA has added language to its rules clarifying that bisexual and transgender players are fully welcomed participants in its events. As part of the settlement, the organization said disqualifying D2 was not consistent with its goal of welcoming bisexual players.
“NAGAAA regrets the impacts the 2008 protest hearing had on plaintiffs and their team,” the settlement reads.
The National Center for Lesbian Rights, which represented the men, welcomed the changes but said they should go even further. The group wants NAGAAA to delete its roster limits on straight players altogether, on the grounds that it encompasses gay players who are in the closet or who choose not to put a label on their sexuality.
Charles said he's looking forward to playing more softball.
“It means a lot to me that NAGAAA is going to recognize our second-place finish in 2008,” Charles said in a statement. “I look forward to continuing to play ball with my friends, teammates and community in NAGAAA's tournaments.”
Marking Kennedy Assassination, Dallas Still On 'Eggshells'
Enlarge this image toggle caption Tom Pennington/Getty Images Tom Pennington/Getty Images
Friday's 50th anniversary of assassination of President John F. Kennedy is an important moment for Dallas: The city wants to use the occasion to demonstrate how much it has changed.
In the 1960s — after the president's murder — Dallas became known around the world as "The City of Hate." And it was a hotbed of right-wing politics, a magnet for the extremes of the conservative movement at the time.
If the world would like to see evidence that Dallas is no longer the City of Hate, it need not look further than the Dallas Symphony Orchestra.
The orchestra is practicing for its four upcoming concerts celebrating the life — and mourning the death — of the 35th president of the United States.
A Dutch conductor leads an orchestra of black, white, Hispanic and Asian musicians for whom the 50th anniversary of Kennedy's assassination is not an occasion for regret and shame but a canvas upon which they will express their fondest hopes and deepest fears for the country and themselves.
"You know, cities grow and cities change," says Dallas Symphony CEO Jonathan Martin. "One of the things that I hope that this week will show the world is that the Dallas of 2013 is not the Dallas of 1963."
'Camelot Of The Right'
If Dallas is now in a completely different place, that doesn't mean it wasn't a long road to get here.
Dallas native Lawrence Wright, a Pulitzer Prize-winning author, was a sophomore at Woodrow Wilson High School when Kennedy came to town in 1963.
"On the morning of Nov. 22, I went out to get the newspaper, and there was on our doorstep this flier and it said, 'Wanted for Treason.' And it had pictures of President Kennedy, full-face and profile," Wright says.
The day Kennedy arrived at Love Field airport, the front page of the Dallas Morning News was bordered in black. The right-wing radicals and John Birchers who dominated the city despised Kennedy.
The president's brother, Attorney General Bobby Kennedy, had been using the Justice Department to advance the cause of civil rights. And President Kennedy wanted to reduce or even eliminate subsidies for the oil industry, which infuriated the Dallas oilmen.
"You know, it was a kind of Camelot of the right," Wright says. "George Wallace came to Dallas to announce his decision to run for president, for instance. We had Barry Goldwater, who was a senator in Arizona, but he was always in Dallas."
After the assassination, a grieving nation turned its anger upon Dallas. The feeling was that if the city leaders didn't actually pull Lee Harvey Oswald's trigger, they practically loaded the gun. For the first time in its swaggering existence, Dallas was ashamed of itself.
"I had operators when I went off to college who wouldn't place my calls to Dallas," Wright says. "One time in Mexico, we were on a family vacation, a couple at the table next to us asked us where we were from, and when Daddy said Dallas, they just got up and left their meal sitting on the table."
Washing Away The Stain
Change took decades. The first step toward rehabilitation, interestingly enough, was the Dallas Cowboys, with their skimpily clad cheerleaders and head coach Tom Landry in his funny-looking fedora. They called themselves "America's Team," a quiet plea for acceptance: Let us back in.
In the '70s, corporations from the Midwest and the Northeast began to move their headquarters to Dallas, and the city began to change in earnest.
And then came the opulent and over-the-top TV show Dallas. Around the world, the question of who shot JFK was supplanted by the question, "Who shot J.R.?"
The Earth turned and decades passed. Seven years ago, Dallas turned blue; its district attorney is black, the sheriff lesbian. But like the stain on Lady Macbeth, the blood of a murdered president does not come out easily.
"The eggshells that are being walked on as we prepare for the memorial on Friday indicates that this is still a very sensitive subject," says Steve Blow, who's been a reporter and columnist at the Dallas Morning News for the past 35 years.
Though Dallas has moved on, there are still many residents who care very much how this day goes.
"There are folks here that are just really uptight about wanting to get it right, and to me that's evidence that we're still not over it yet," Blow says. "But I think that comes from a good place, a good heart to want to do it right and to honor this man, John F. Kennedy, in the proper way."
Friday, Dallas will take one more turn at the washbasin of redemption — 50 years after the fact, wanting to cleanse its hands, its soul, once and for all.
Three-time Verizon IndyCar Series champion Scott Dixon, who is among the six drivers in contention for the series title entering the GoPro Grand Prix of Sonoma at Sonoma Raceway, and 2012 series champion Ryan Hunter-Reay are featured on back-to-back episodes of "INDYCAR Chronicles" starting at 3 p.m. ET Aug. 30 on NBCSN.
The shows immediately precede the network's live coverage of the 85-lap title-deciding race on the 2.385-mile, 12-turn road course.
"INDYCAR Chronicles" with Dixon goes off the racetrack with the driver and his family (including his wife and daughters shopping at Target for his 35th birthday present) in addition to Dixon competing in the No. 9 Target Chip Ganassi Racing Chevrolet during the race weekend at Mid-Ohio Sports Car Course earlier this month.
Hunter-Reay and his family host "INDYCAR Chronicles" at their South Florida home and the cameras also go behind the scenes at the Iowa Corn 300 at Iowa Speedway, which he won for the second consecutive year.
A programming note: NBCSN also will telecast live coverage of the final practice session (1:30 p.m. ET) and three rounds of qualifications (6:30 p.m. ET) Aug. 29 from Sonoma Raceway. Leigh Diffey is the chief announcer.
A lecturer at the University of Virginia is taking time away from the classroom after he compared the Black Lives Matter movement to the Ku Klux Klan in a recent online post, university officials said.
Douglas Muir, an adjunct lecturer for the university's School of Engineering and Applied Science, made the comment on Oct. 4 in response to a Facebook post by a real estate agent attending an event featuring Black Lives Matter co-founder Alicia Garza.
“Black lives matter is the biggest rasist [sic] organization since the clan,” Muir replied. “Are you kidding me. Disgusting!!!”
Muir's response, which has since been deleted, prompted a flurry of criticism online, where some noted the misspelling in his original post, and from university officials who said it raised “serious concerns” about the school's commitment to inclusion.
“While free speech and open discussion are fundamental principles of our nation and the University, Mr. Muir's comment was entirely inappropriate,” university officials said in a statement. “UVA Engineering does not condone actions that undermine our values, dedication to diversity and educational mission.”
Muir, who teaches entrepreneurship in both the university's School of Engineering and Darden School of Business, has “agreed to take leave” from the school and is preparing to release his own statement, university officials said.
“UVA Engineering is educating the nation's future leaders, problem-solvers and policymakers,” the statement continued. “We expect our faculty and staff to create a climate that supports and engages all. This incident has illuminated the need for further dialogue.”
Attempts to reach Muir, of Charlottesville, were not successful on Monday. According to his university faculty website, Muir is also a “seasoned restaurateur” with family-style Italian eateries in Charlottesville and Richmond.
An employee who answered the phone Monday at his Charlottesville eatery, Bella's, said Muir had not been at the restaurant since the controversy erupted.
“He's not available, he hasn't been in the restaurant since this all happened,” the employee told The Post. “Obviously, people are upset, so he hasn't shown his face.”
Muir's post also caught the eye of Charlottesville City Councilman Wes Bellamy, who called for a boycott of his restaurants.
“I didn't expect this from him, but if this is how he feels, he doesn't have anything else to say to me,” Bellamy wrote on Instagram. “I would encourage everyone in the city to boycott the restaurant.”
Bellamy's post continued: “The notion that #BlackLivesMatter can be comparable to the Klu Klux Klan is not only incredibly misguided, but goes to show the lack cultural awareness [sic] that still plagues many professors at our Universities across the country. An organization, a movement, a collective body that aims to empower Black People, and rally allies is not a terroristic organization, but one that aims to collective bring people together to address systemic oppression and racism, amongst other things, is here to stay.”
Bellamy told The Post on Monday that he's glad Muir has taken a leave of absence.
“I believe that the University of Virginia should not allow Mr. Muir to be placed in front of students again until he has had a great deal of cultural competency training and professional development,” he wrote in an email to The Post. “I have spoken with Mr. Muir, and he has stated to me that he is remorseful for his words, and I appreciate that. However, that does not change the fact that he needs to be educated on just exactly what Black Lives Matter is all about; putting an end to systemic oppression and injustice, and the need for us to work together to break down these barriers. He has received backlash on social media, but he has also received a great deal of praise, and in my opinion, that shows just how divided our community and our country is.”
University officials apparently were alerted to the offensive post when a Twitter user informed them on Wednesday, saying it's “unacceptable” for a university lecturer to compare Black Lives Matter with the Ku Klux Klan.
Tom Katsouleas, executive vice president and provost of the University of Virginia, said he was “disturbed and saddened” by Muir's post.
“This statement is inconsistent with the University of Virginia's values and with its commitment to the principles of academic freedom,” Katsouleas said in a statement. “The University of Virginia stands firmly against racism and social injustice of any kind.”
Muir's comments do not “foster intellectual exploration, nor do they encourage the voices of others,” Katsouleas' statement continued.
Muir has previously worked as an airline captain for US Airways, according to his University of Virginia faculty web page. He's currently trying to expand his stable of Italian restaurants.
“He is in the planning stages of opening three more Bella's Restaurants in Virginia before exiting the company to a hedge fund in 2017,” the website reads.
This is copied from November 1977 Byte magazine and is included without permission. Special thanks to Harry Dodgson for finding the original article for me.
Sweet 16: The 6502 Dream Machine
Sweet 16: The 6502 Dream Machine
While writing Apple BASIC for a 6502 microprocessor I repeatedly encountered a variant of Murphy's Law. Briefly stated, any routine operating on 16-bit data will require at least twice the code that it should. Programs making extensive use of 16 bit pointers (such as compilers, editors and assemblers) are included in this category. In my case, even the addition of a few double byte instructions to the 6502 would have only slightly alleviated the problem. What I really needed was a hybrid of the MOS Technology 6502 and RCA 1800 architectures, a powerful 8-bit data handler complemented by an easy-to-use processor with an abundance of 16 bit registers and excellent pointer capability. My solution was to implement a nonexistent 16 bit "metaprocessor" in software, interpreter style, which I call SWEET16. This metaprocessor was sketched at the end of my article in May 1977 BYTE, and the purpose of this article is to fill in the details of SWEET16.
SWEET16 is based around sixteen16 bit registers called RO to R15, actually implemented as 32 memory locations. RO doubles as the SWEET16 accumulator (ACC), R15 as the program counter (PC), and R14 as the status register. R13 holds compare instruction results and R12 is the subroutine return stack pointer if SWEET16 subroutines are used. All other SWEET16 registers are at the user's unrestricted disposal.
SWEET16 instructions fall into register and nonregister categories. The register operations specify one of the 16 registers to be used as either a data element or a pointer to data in memory depending on the specific instruction. For example, the instruction INR R5 uses R5 as data and ST @R7 uses R7 as a pointer to data in memory. Except for the SET instruction, register operations only require one byte. The nonregister operations are primarily 6502 style branches with the second byte specifying a +/-127 byte displacement relative to the address of the following instruction. If a prior register operation result meets a specified branch condition, the displacement is added to SWEET16's program counter, effecting a branch.
SWEET16 is intended as a 6502 enhancement package, not a stand alone processor. A 6502 program switches to SWEET16 mode with a subroutine call, and subsequent code is interpreted as SWEET16 instructions. The nonregister operation RTN returns the user program to the 6502's direct execution mode after restoring the internal register contents (A, X, Y, P and S). The example of listing 1 illustrates how to use SWEET16 in some program segment.
300 B9 00 02 LDA IN, Y Get a char. 303 C9 CD CMP "M" "M" for move. 305 D0 09 BNE NOMOVE No, skip move. 307 20 00 08 JSR SW16 Yes, call SWEET16 30A 41 MLOOP LD @R1 R1 holds source address 30B 52 ST @R2 R2 holds dest. address 30C F3 DCR R3 Decrement length. 30D 07 FB BNZ MLOOP Loop until done. 30F 00 RTN Return to 6502 modes. 310 C9 C5 NOMOVE CMP "E" "E" char? 312 D0 13 BEQ EXIT Yes, exit. Listing 1: Use of SWEET16 within an assembly language program is accomplished by executing a subroutine call to the SWEET16 entry point (address 307 here). This call preserves the processor registers at the time of entry and begins interpretive execution. End of interpretive execution is signaled by a RTN operation code of SWEET16, at which point all the processor registers will be restored.
Instruction Descriptions
The SWEET16 op code list is short and uncomplicated. Excepting relative branch displacements, hand assembly is trivial. All register op codes are formed by combining two hexadecimal digits, one for the op code and one to specify a register. For example, op codes 15 and 45 both specify register R5 while codes 23, 27 and 29 are all ST (store) operations. Most register operations of SWEET16 are assigned to numerically adjacent pairs to facilitate remembering them. Thus LD and ST are op codes 2n and 3n respectively, while LD @ and ST @ are codes 4n and 5n.
Operation codes 00 to 0C (hexadecimal) are assigned to the 13 nonregister operations. Except for RTN (op code 0), BK (OA), and RS (B), the nonregister operations are 6502 style relative branches. The second byte of a branch instruction contains a +/- 127 byte displacement value (in two's complement form) relative to the address of the instruction immediately following the branch. If a specified branch condition is met by the prior register operation result, the displacement is added to the program counter effecting a branch. Except for BR (Branch always) and BS (Branch to Subroutine), the branch operation codes are assigned in complementary pairs, rendering them easily remembered for hand coding. For example, Branch if Plus and Branch if Minus are op codes 04 and 05, while Branch if Zero and Branch if NonZero are op codes 06 and 07.
Theory of Operation
SWEET16 execution mode begins with a subroutine call to SW16 (see listing 2, an assembly of SWEET16). The user must insure that the 6502 is in hexadecimal mode upon entry. [For those unfomilior with the 6502, arithmetic is either decimal or hexadecimal (binary) depending on a programmable flag...CH] All 6502 registers are saved at this time, to be restored when a SWEET16 RTN instruction returns control to the 6502. If you can tolerate indefinite 6502 register contents upon exit, approximately 30 us may be saved by entering SWEET16 at location SW16 + 3. Because this might cause an inadvertent switch from hexadecimal to decimal mode, it is advisable to enter at SW16 the first time through.
After saving the 6502 registers, SWEET16 initializes its program counter (R15) with the subroutine return address off the 6502 stack. SWEET16's program counterpoints to the location preceding the next instruction to be executed. Following the subroutine call are 1 byte, 2 bytes, or 3 bytes long SWEET16 instructions, stored in ascending memory locations like 6502 instructions. The main loop at SW16B repeatedly calls the "execute instruction" routine at SW16C which examines one op code for type and branches to the appropriate subroutine to execute it.
Subroutine SW16C increments the program counter (R15) and fetches the next op code which is either a register operation of the form OP REG (2 hexadecimal digits) with OP between hexadecimal 1 and F, or a nonregister operation of the form 0 OP with OP between hexadecimal 0 and D. Assuming a register operation, the register specification is doubled to account for the 2 byte SWEET16 registers and placed in the X register for indexing. Then the instruction type is determined. Register operations place the doubled register specification in the high order byte of R14 indicating the "prior result register" to subsequent branch instructions. Nonregister operations treat the register specification (right-hand half-byte) as their op code, increment the SWEET16 PC to point at the displacement byte of branch instructions, load the A-Reg with the "prior result register" index for branch condition testing, and clear the Y Reg.
When Is an RTS Really a JSR?
Each instruction type has a corresponding subroutine. The subroutine entry points are stored in a table which is directly indexed by the op code. By assigning all the entries to a common page, only a single byte of address need be stored per routine. The 6502 indirect jump might have been used as follows to transfer control to the appropriate subroutine:
LDA #ADRH High order address byte STA IND+1 LDA OPTBL,X Low order byte STA IND JMP (IND)
Op Code Subroutines
The register operation routines make use of the 6502 "zero page indexed by X" and "indexed by X indirect" addressing modes to access the specified registers and indirect data. The "result" of most register ops is left in the specified register and can be sensed by subsequent branch instructions since the register specification is saved in the high order byte of R14. This specification is changed to indicate R0 (ACC) for ADD and SUB instructions and R13 for the CPR (compare) instruction.
Normally the high order R14 byte holds the "prior result register" index times 2 to account for the 2 byte SWEET16 registers, and thus the least significant bit is zero. If ADD, SUB or CPR instructions generate carries, then this index is incremented, setting the least significant bit, which becomes a carry flag.
The SET instruction increments the program counter twice, picking up data bytes for the specified register. In accordance with 6502 convention, the low order data byte precedes the high order byte.
Most SWEET16 nonregister operations are relative branches. The corresponding subroutines determine whether or not the "prior result" meets the specified branch condition and if so update the SWEET16 program counter by adding the displacement value ( -128 to +127 bytes).
The RTN operation restores the 6502 register contents, pops the subroutine return stack and jumps indirect through the SWEET16 program counter register. These transfers control to the 6502 at the instruction immediately following the RTN instruction.
The BK operation actually executes a 6502 break instruction (BRK), transferring control to the interrupt handler.
Any number of subroutine levels may be implemented within SWEET16 code via the BS (Branch to Subroutine) and RS (Return from Subroutine) instructions. The user must initialize and otherwise not disturb R12 if the SWEET16 subroutine capability is used since it is utilized as the automatic subroutine return stack pointer.
SWEET16 OP CODE SUMMARY Register Ops Nonregister Ops 00 RTN (Return to 6502 mode) 1n SET Rn Constant (set) 01 BR ea (Branch always) 2n LD Rn (Load) 02 BNC ea (Branch if No Carry) 3n ST Rn (Store) 03 BC ea (Branch if Carry) 4n LD @Rn (Load indirect) 04 BP ea (Branch if Plus) 5n ST @Rn (Store indirect) 05 BM ea (Branch if Minus) 6n LDD @Rn (Load double indirect) 06 BZ ea (Branch if Zero) 7n STD @Rn (Store double indirect) 07 BNZ ea (Branch if NonZero) 8n POP @Rn (Pop indirect) 08 BM1 ea (Branch if Minus 1) 9n STP @Rn (Store Pop indirect) 09 BNM1 ea (Branch if Not Minus 1) An ADD Rn (Add) 0A BK ea (Break) Bn SUB Rn (Subtract) 0B RS (Return from Subroutine) Cn POPD @Rn (Pop double indirect) 0C BS ea (Branch to Subroutine) Dn CPR Rn (Compare) 0D (Unassigned) En INR Rn (Increment) 0E (Unassigned) Fn DCR Rn (Decrement) 0F (Unassigned) SWEET16 Operation Code Summary: Table 1 summarizes the list of SWEET16 operation codes, which are explained in further detail one by one in the descriptions which follow this table. The program in Listing 2 implements the execution of these interpretive codes after a call to the entry point SW16. Return to the calling program and normal noninterpretive operation is accomplished with the RTN mnemonic of SWEET16.
Memory Allocation and User Modifications
The only storage that must be allocated for SWEET16 variables are 32 consecutive locations in page zero for the SWEET16 registers, four locations to save the 6502 register contents, and a few levels of the 6502 subroutine return address stack. If you don't need to preserve the 6502 register contents, delete the SAVE and RESTORE subroutines and the corresponding subroutine calls. This will free the four page zero locations ASAV, XSAV, YSAV and PSAV.
You may wish to add some of your own instructions to this implementation of SWEET16. If you use the unassigned op codes $0E and $0F, remember that SWEET16 treats these as 2 byte instructions. You may wish to handle the break instruction as a SWEET16 call, saving two bytes of code each time you transfer into SWEET16 mode. Or you may wish to use the SWEET16 BK (Break) operation as a "CHAROUT" call in the interrupt handler. You can perform absolute jumps within SWEET16 by loading the ACC (R0) with the address you wish to jump to (minus 1) and executing a ST R15 instruction.
And as a final thought, the ultimate modification for those who do not use the 6502 processor would be to implement a version of SWEET16 for some other microprocessor design. The idea of a low level interpretive processor can be fruitfully implemented for a number of purposes, and achieves a limited sort of machine independence for the interpretive execution strings. I found this technique most useful for the implementation of much of the software of the Apple II computer. I leave it to readers to explore further possibilities for SWEET16.
The MS-06MS Barbus first appears in the "Satellite of the Apes" chapter of the Mobile Suit Crossbone Gundam: Skull Heart manga.
Contents show]
Technology & Combat Characteristics
A unique mobile suit produced under the top-secret "Project E" experiment started during the One Year War by commander Garma Zabi, after witnessing a monkey playing a video-game. The tests were conducted at a Zeon research satellite. Designed specifically for use by the Newtype monkeys produced from the project, The "Barbus" used the base frame of the MS-06F, with retro-fitted leg parts to allow the monkey to control all four manipulators of the machine as if it were extensions of their own limbs. Because the monkeys exhibited excellent technical aptitude and piloting skills, the Magnetic Coating treatment had also been applied to the joints to improve response speed and had tremendous cornering ability. The "Barbus" ran a powerful generator that allowed the simultaneous use of four MS-14 Gelgoog beam rifles. Despite the success of the experiments, "Project E" and the research satellite were entirely forgotten at the end of the war.
Armaments
Beam Rifle Because the Barbus has four arms it is capable of wielding four beam rifles.
History
At some point during the U.C. 130s, nearly 50 years after the project was halted, EFF officer Harrison Maddin receives information from an aged Zeon fanatic and is later assigned to investigate the research satellite. He is immediately attacked and, despite piloting a mass-produced variant of the F91 Gundam Formula 91, he is overwhelmed by the fighting capabilities of the Newtype chimpanzees and their MS-06MS Barbus. It is only with assistance from Tobia Arronax, who uses the XM-X1 Crossbone Gundam X-1 Kai anti-beam coating cloak, yellow spray paint, and oxygen tanks to make a giant banana-shaped balloon as a distraction, that Harrison is able to defeat them.
General Dynamics said today it will not bid for the Army's largest combat vehicle program, the Armored Multi-Purpose Vehicle. Nor will GD take the government to court to try to change the terms of the competition, despite having denounced them as intolerably tilted towards competitor BAE Systems and protested, unsuccessfully, to the Army. With bids due today, this double withdrawal on both the business and legal fronts leaves BAE unchallenged.
Congress could intervene, although so far it's taken mostly symbolic action; the Army could theoretically have a last minute change of heart, though that's surpassingly unlikely; or AMPV could ultimately get cancelled altogether, which is all too plausible given the budget cuts known as sequestration and the Army's long and sorry track record of botched and canceled programs. But the odds now are that the service's thousands of aging, vulnerable M113s will be replaced in a range of support roles, from troop carrier to armored ambulance to mobile command post, by a turretless variant of BAE's Bradley, already the Army's mainstay combat vehicle.
Here's the official statement I got from General Dynamics when I asked about their decision:
“General Dynamics Land Systems did not submit a proposal for the Army's Armored Multi-Purpose Vehicle program. The requirements and other provisions of the request for proposal (RFP) do not allow the company to provide a competitive solution. The company will not pursue the matter in Federal Circuit Court so as not to hinder the ability to continue to pursue its options to participate in the program.”
Meanwhile, BAE broadcast a release touting its Bradley-based design. “BAE Systems [has already] built and demonstrated prototypes for each of the five [AMPV] variants in order to provide the best solution for the Army,” the company said, issuing a photo of its armored ambulance variant (pictured above). “Given the maturity of our design and the commonality both within the AMPV and ABCT [armored brigade combat team] fleets” — i.e. between the Bradley-derived AMPV, the existing Bradley fleet, and the M109 Paladin howitzer, which is being refitted with Bradley automotive components — “we feel this offers significant opportunity to accelerate the program's schedule.
Acceleration is going to be a hard sell if sequestration cuts return, as scheduled in 2016. Having already sacrificed higher-profile, higher-tech, and higher-cost programs like the Ground Combat Vehicle and the Armed Aerial Scout, the Army will fight hard to keep AMPV alive.
Posted May 16th at 12:00am.
Are you looking for more NHL®14 news? The next big reveal will come on Thursday, May 16th when we release the second of our three NHL 14 Developer Diaries featuring all-new One Touch Dekes and improvements to the revolutionary True Performance Skating engine.
Each Dev Diary released will include a new gameplay trailer and developer blog that will provide an in-depth look at the highlighted features. You'll also get a behind-the-scenes look at the EA SPORTS technology used to create it.
Here are when you can expect each NHL 14 Gameplay Dev Diary to be released and what features they'll cover:
LIVE – NHL® Collision Physics
Developed from the same core technology that powers the EA SPORTS FIFA critically-acclaimed Player Impact Engine, NHL® Collision Physics introduces bigger, more thrilling hits, and truer-to-life collisions. A new left-stick control scheme makes delivering a game-changing hit simpler and more rewarding than ever.
Click here to view.
May 16 – One-Touch Dekes/True Performance Skating
One-Touch Dekes – Experience what it feels like to be a superstar through a new, more responsive deking system controlled only with the left stick and one-button. From beginner to advanced gamers, the system allows for quicker reactive dekes and intuitive combination dekes, creating more moves than ever before.
Experience what it feels like to be a superstar through a new, more responsive deking system controlled only with the left stick and one-button. From beginner to advanced gamers, the system allows for quicker reactive dekes and intuitive combination dekes, creating more moves than ever before. True Performance Skating – Built on the breakthrough innovation that introduced physics-based skating and over 1,000 new skating animations to the EA SPORTS NHL franchise. The second year of the True Performance Skating features greater player responsiveness and unprecedented control through improved balance between speed and momentum, quicker pivots and enhanced lateral skating.
Early June – Enforcer Engine
There is a code in hockey, when it's broken you have to respond. A first for the NHL franchise, Fight Night technology delivers a new 3rd person experience, physics-based punch targeting and player size differentiation to every fight, creating the most authentic and electrifying experience yet.
Click here to see the entire list of NHL 14 Features.
What's blooming now? Wildflower Report Blog When and Where Will the Wildflowers Bloom?
Wildflowers may begin blooming in the lower elevations of the Pinto Basin and along the park's south boundary in February and at higher elevations in March and April. Desert regions above 5,000 feet may have plants blooming as late as June.
The extent and timing of spring wildflower blooms in Joshua Tree vary from one year to the next. Fall and winter precipitation and spring temperatures are key environmental factors affecting the spring blooming period. Normally, desert annuals germinate between September and December. Many need a good soaking rain to get started. In addition to rains at the right time, plants also require temperatures to warm a bit before flower stalks will grow. Green-leaf rosettes may cover the ground in January, but flower stalks wait until temperatures rise.
Park staff and volunteers compile their wildflower observations weekly during the spring season to produce a list of the wildflowers that are currently in bloom and where you can see them. You can help! We've partnered with
Wildflowers may begin blooming in the lower elevations of the Pinto Basin and along the park's south boundary in February and at higher elevations in March and April. Desert regions above 5,000 feet may have plants blooming as late as June.The extent and timing of spring wildflower blooms in Joshua Tree vary from one year to the next. Fall and winter precipitation and spring temperatures are key environmental factors affecting the spring blooming period. Normally, desert annuals germinate between September and December. Many need a good soaking rain to get started. In addition to rains at the right time, plants also require temperatures to warm a bit before flower stalks will grow. Green-leaf rosettes may cover the ground in January, but flower stalks wait until temperatures rise.Park staff and volunteers compile their wildflower observations weekly during the spring season to produce a list of the wildflowers that are currently in bloom and where you can see them. Check out our Wildflower Report Blog to learn more.We've partnered with iNaturalist , a free citizen science app for mobile devices. Use iNaturalist to report your flower observations to the Joshua Tree National Park Wildflower Watch project
You can view a teaser and an explanation of the upcoming M1 changes here.
Patch 0.11.1.0 is scheduled for the 28th February and will include bug fixes and champion updates. Servers will have a planned downtime on 15:00 CET (6:00 AM PST / 9:00 AM EST), and the process is expected to take up to 1 hour.
The M1 gameplay changes originally planned for this patch have been delayed by a minimum of two weeks due to a critical team member being out of commission for nearly a month.
As a highly-valued Battlerite player, we wanted to make sure you were notified as soon as possible. We realise these are very anticipated changes, so we have decided to showcase a small teaser of the changes in Monday's dev blog.
We sincerely apologize for the inconvenience. These gameplay changes are our highest priority right now and our dedicated team is working hard on improving your Battlerite experience.
Features & Content
New Mounts – Emperor Scorpion & Deathstalker Scorpion
The Emperor Scorpion (left) will be available to winners of various tournaments. The Deathstalker Scorpion (right) can be obtained via giveaways.
Champion Changes & Fixes
General
Fixed a bug causing the impact location of Healing Potion (Lucie), Healing Wave (Pearl) and Rejuvenating Sands (Oldur) to be slightly incorrect
“Air time” added to the tooltips of several mobility abilities.
Pestilus – Brain Bug damage limit tooltip changed from Panic Damage Limit to Brain Bug Damage Limit
Using a Counter-type ability at the end of Iva's Zap buff no longer renders the player model invisible
Jade
Jade's defensive EX has been missing something to compliment her playstyle properly. This change should make it fit in a bit better in her kit while also making her feel a little more slippery again.
Smoke Veil (EX Q)
Now grants Jade a 100% haste that fades over 0.6s.
Jumong
Fixed a bug that made it possible for Jumong to recast several abilities simultaneously.
Fixed a bug that caused the Deadly Trap Battlerite to be triggered twice in combination with the Death Mark Battlerite.
Pearl
Rippling Waters (Battlerite Round 1)
Fixed a bug where hitting a wall through a bubble with the Soaking Wet Battlerite and the Splash Damage Battlerite would not apply the correct silence duration to nearby enemies.
Fixed a bug where hitting a wall through a bubble with the Splash Damage Battlerite would not apply any damage to nearby enemies.
Raigon
Raigon has had some trouble dealing damage and could sometimes feel a bit immobile. A damage boost to Heavenly Strike and his sword attack being faster during Retribution should alleviate this a bit. Some tweaks to his Battlerites will make some of his lesser picked choices feel more tempting.
Retribution (M2)
Charges will no longer be consumed if Raigon is interrupted before he swings his sword
The sword swing at the end is now faster (enabling Raigon to resume moving again quicker)
Heavenly Strike (Space)
Damage increased from 18 to 20
Parry (Q)
Duration added to tooltip
Fixed a bug that caused parried projectiles to be offset from your aiming position
Wrath of the Tiger (F)
Fixed a bug where some abilities could cause Raigon's ultimate location to move
Aerial Strike (Battlerite Round 1)
Raigon will no longer get an Aerial Strike Recast from Parrying another Raigon's Seismic Shock
Royal Descent (Battlerite Round 2)
Damage bonus reduced from 7 to 6
Duelist (Battlerite Round 2)
Now grants 2 health back for each deflected attack
Hawk Dive (Battlerite Round 4)
Fading Snare duration increased from 1.2s to 1.6s
Resolve (Battlerite Round 4)
Bonus energy gained from the reduced from 7% to 6%
Rook
When Rook smashes, he smashes hard! Frenzy is one of his most powerful and popular Battlerites, and also affects many of the other popular choices. Tuning it back a bit will allow for other choices to shine throughout his Battlerite tree. In addition reducing the additional damage from Crumble should temper his violent outbursts a bit.
Frenzy (Battlerite Round 2)
Berserk duration reduced from 1.2s to 1s
Crumble (Battlerite Round 3)
Bonus damage reduced from 4 to 2
Shifu
Shifu has been hard to catch. Decreasing his immaterial duration after Kunju will allow for more windows to strike at him. He will also need to be more mindful of when to and when to not strike after Kunju.
Kunju (Q)
Immaterial duration reduced from 1s to 0.8s
The empowered Spear Slash after a successful counter will now be removed after a miss or when hitting a counter.
Sirius
Sirius' Prismatic Strike has occasionally felt a bit… off. These changes should make it feel more reliable and fair.
Prismatic Strike (R)
Can now be interrupted, yielding no melee strike.
Reworked to more reliably detect impact with enemies, causing Sirius to stop and hit more consistently
Animations now work as intended.
Taya
Fixed a bug where reflected boomerangs would sometimes deal double the damage.
Returning boomerangs can no longer sometimes clip through shields
Gale (Battlerite Round 1)
Now works with Zephyr (EX Q)
General Changes & Fixes
General Mount optimizations
GUI
Champion Selection Frame for level 10 and 20 no longer rescales when hovered over
Region list is now sorted by latency
Region list layout has been changed to support more entries
Odeum
I've been asked a lot lately how do I find time to do so many activities such as reading 3-4 books a week, running multiple business ventures, go to the gym 5-6 times a week, make YouTube videos, write these articles and coach almost 20 clients online.
So I decided to write a short article about this topic and also share some findings from a book I've recently read. The topic is mostly lifestyle but it's also related to health and fitness.
What most people don't realize is that we all have the same amount of hours and the only difference is the amount of focus and energy each person has.
You can't really manage time, it's fixed.
Everyone has 24 hours in a day
Instead, adopt better ways and build habits to use your physical, mental, emotional, and spiritual energy more efficiently.
The Secret Source of Infinite Energy Most Never Find
How can you go the gym after spending 8 hours at work? How do you work after gym? How do you have the energy to manage your diet, and keep track of all that stuff? If you're wondering… here's how.
What I noticed a few years ago is a very simple fact, people who are very clear on who they are and are in alignment with their goals tend to be bursting with energy.
They don't leak energy on emotional outbursts, worrying how other people perceive them, maintain an egoistic identity etc… and by not wasting all this energy they can channel it all to be more focused and reach any goal much faster than an average Joe complaining that days just pass by.
Imagine just how much mental energy you spend on absorbing irrelevant information (TV, news, Facebook etc…), if you'd cut this out just for a few days in your week I can guarantee you'll see improvements in all areas of life.
Why does this happen? Well simply put instead of having your brain waste glucose (energy) producing thought loops about the latest Hollywood actress sex tape you can actually focus on thinking about more productive things.
So when I say I don't watch TV or listen to the radio I'm essentially freeing up a lot of energy that can be then allocated to pursue higher life goals, like learning how to manage my diet better or improve my exercise technique which eventually compounded into a huge success for my health and fitness.
It Actually Isn't All About Hard Work
You'll read a lot today about working hard, and unlike most addictions, this is often admired, encouraged and materially well-rewarded.
The Japanese have a word, karoshi, meaning “death from overwork.” Most industrial accidents happen when people have been working for too long without a break. When space shuttle Challenger blew up in 1986, NASA officials' decision to go ahead with the launch came after 20 hours of continuous work!!
I know some of you reading this might think of yourself as hard workers, and there's nothing bad about that. Certainly, by having great work ethic you'll go far in life and without it, there's not much success waiting for you… BUT here's the catch.
If you work hard all the time and don't have periods of relaxation your level of engagement at that work is dropping dramatically over time.
This means you're gonna require more energy and willpower to focus on doing the same task that used to be very engaging.
The thing that used to renew your energy is not a burden. Staying engaged is one of the key elements of optimal performance and it's not possible to achieve engagement purely through hard work, there has to be a balance between exertion of energy and recuperation of the same.
The most successful and disciplined people understand these concepts and are always flowing between periods of hard work and those of renewal. They are fully aware of the natural need for quiet times and reflection.
This means being able to say “NO” to the next big task and relax, go out, watch a movie, spend some quality time with friends and family.
Without the period of relaxation, you'll burn out and burnt out people don't have great ideas.
Want more to have more creative ideas? A study found out where people actually were when they got their best ideas. Most said the garden, the gym, watching a movie, or similar places, almost none of them reported while working. Keep this in mind next time you're stuck with a problem.
How Does This Relate To Health & Fitness?
By now you probably realized that it's as important to have a good recovery system in place as it is to have a good workout and nutrition plan to progress in terms of your physical performance.
This is one of the core principles of progress in your training and the ideas I've presented in this article are related to that core concept.
You need periods of hard work and you need periods of recovery, this is the basis of every workout routine and I just realized how little people apply this in other areas of their life.
2-Step Process To Optimize Your Energy Management
There's basically 2 steps to becoming more efficient:
Step number one is to stop wasting time on things that don't move you forward. This goes back to the fact that having clear goals is an infinite source of energy.
Life is long if you know how to use it. As Seneca says in his book On the Shortness of Life “It is not that we have so little time but that we lose so much. … The life we receive is not short but we make it so; we are not ill provided but use what we have wastefully.”
The majority of people waste a lot of their time on meaningless tasks rather than spend that same time improving themselves. So think about how much time you waste and allocate more toward your goals, even if you do this only a little you'll notice a huge difference.
Step number two is when you do have the time to be able to fully focus your energy on the task at hand. Having the time and being unfocused is the same as not having time at all, the result is the same.
High performers have the ability to focus, step into a flow state and accomplish more in one hour than some people do in a week.
This kind of work is very exhausting thus they realize that life is a series of such sprints, changing between periods of full focused immersion and periods of recovery.
I hope you got value out of the article.
Thanks for reading and lastly I wanna share some quotes from the book that inspired me to write this article. Make sure to get the book, link & title is provided below!
Quotes from one of my favorite books on this topic:
“Energy, not time, is the fundamental currency of high performance.”
“The ultimate measure of our lives is not how much time we spend on the planet, but rather how much energy we invest in the time that we have.”
“The number of hours in a day is fixed, but the quantity and quality of energy available to us is not. It is our most precious resource. The more we take responsibility for the energy we bring to the world, the more empowered and productive we become. The more we blame others or external circumstances, the more negative and compromised our energy is likely to be.”
“Without time for recovery, our lives become a blur of doing unbalanced by many opportunities for being.”
“To maintain a powerful pulse in our lives, we must learn how to rhythmically spend and renew energy.”
The book is The Power of Full Engagement by Jim Loehr, Tony Schwartz.
-Mario
Russia's far-ranging campaign to promote dissension in the United States reportedly included an effort to weaponize Pokémon Go. CNN reported today that in July 2016, a Tumblr page linked to Russia's now-notorious Internet Research Agency promoted a contest encouraging people sympathetic to the Black Lives Matter movement to play the game near famous sites of police brutality. Players were told to change their characters' names to the victims of those incidents — an apparent effort to inflame racial tensions.
The Tumblr page was linked to Do Not Shoot Us, a multi-platform campaign designed to mimic aspects of Black Lives Matter. (As CNN notes, the name plays on “hands up, don't shoot,” one of the movement's slogans.) Do Not Shoot Us included a website, donotshoot.us, along with related pages on Facebook, Instagram, Twitter, and YouTube. The Facebook page was one of 470 pages that were removed after the company determined that it was linked to Russian groups attempting to interfere in US politics.
According to CNN, the group's Tumblr page included a post showing a Pokémon named “Eric Garner,” who died after being put in a chokehold by a officer of the New York Police Department. The post promoted a contest, which promised Amazon gift cards to the winners, according to the report. CNN could not find evidence that anyone actually participated in the contest, it said, or that the page had distributed the gift cards.
The Facebook, Instagram, and Twitter accounts of the group have been suspended, CNN said. Its YouTube and Tumblr pages, though, remain active — though the Tumblr page has shifted to posts about Palestine.
The loss of the landmark movie palace's digital projector is a small setback in the midst of a grand restoration scheme.
Several days during the week of June 6th, 2015, Richmond's landmark movie palace, The Byrd Theatre, was shuttered—leading many to speculate about what was going on. It turns out, the interior of the circa-1928 theatre was darkened because another component of the building, the digital projection system, was as well.
The Byrd Theatre Foundation knew the theatre's DP100 digital projection system was on its last leg, but didn't expect to have to replace it quite this soon.
After being closed several days, the theatre went old school, revving up its 35mm projector and showing second-run films such as Cinderella and The Boy Next Door for the time being. Byrd Theatre Foundation Vice President & Marketing Co-Chair Grant Mizell says films on actual 35mm reels are hard to come by in our digital world, and many studios have discontinued non-digital releases altogether, which limited the theatre's options while solutions to their projector woes were weighed.
— ∮∮∮ —
Projecting the future
Despite the earlier-than-expected death of the projector, Foundation directors had factored replacement into its budget and fundraising initiatives in anticipation of such an incident–equipping members to begin searching for a suitable replacement system, which will cost anywhere from $40,000 and $75,000, depending on the model selected and whether the theatre purchases a new or used system.
“Within one week from the projector failing, we worked with operations to try some final fixes for reviving the existing digital projector, engaged our projection engineer to deliver several proposals, evaluated those proposals and put a deposit on new equipment,” says Mizell. “The last few years, the Foundation Board of Directors has concentrated on moving from fundraising based on need to fundraising proactively against upcoming projects.”
“2014 was a big year for us (in both foot traffic and donations), and we really started to estimate on a broad range, all the projects we could conceivably package under the state [historic] tax credit's five year window.”
By June of 2014, the Foundation had raised $250,000 in private donations, which doubled to $500,000 as part of a matching donation program from The Cabell Foundation. The Byrd has far surpassed that fundraising level to date, Mizell says.
The Board began to prioritize upcoming needs, and started addressing them by replacing the building's boiler. Next up was replacement of the HVAC unit (the building was operating on a system dating to 1966). The Foundation also invested money in creating a master plan to restore the theatre to its former glory.
Mizell says staff contracted with a number of specialists to ensure the theatre's future renovations would preserve its character while ensuring they're historically accurate. World-renowned paint analyst Susan Buck was brought in to study the building's color scheme, and art conservationist Cleo Mullins was consulted for ways to preserve the theatre's notable Brounet murals. Theatre restoration architects Martinez + Johnson were also brought in, along with The Monument Group to guide development plans.
The result of their findings and recommendations culminated in a document the Board calls the “Restoration Master Plan,” outlining interior updates from replacement of the theatre's aging, arguably uncomfortable, seating to exterior upgrades like a new marquee and historically accurate signage.
— ∮∮∮ —
A Good Showing
The past year has been the Byrd's “most engaging social year to date,” Mizell says. The theatre nearly doubled its year-over-year audience thanks in part to a popular midnight movie series that sprouted from a one-off event.
Last July, Center of the Universe Brewing hosted “The Big LeBYRDski,” featuring a midnight showing of The Big Lebowski. The event was so popular that it sprouted into an entire midnight movie series. “We turned COTU's successful fundraiser into a partnership fundraising event series—Byrd and a Beer,” Mizell says. Other equally successful midnight features have paired local brews and cult classics like Fight Club, The Goonies, and The Breakfast Club.
The Byrd Theatre is thought by many experts to be one of the last remaining “grand movie palaces”—theatres built in the 1920s and 1930s, with rich and ornate architectural details that simply aren't found in modern construction. In The Byrd's case, they include gold leaf arches, marble walls, and an 18-foot, two-and-a-half ton Czechoslovakian crystal chandelier suspended over the auditorium, illuminated by 500 multi-colored light bulbs.
— ∮∮∮ —
With its rich history and recent upswing in support, the theatre should be on track to implement many of its planned renovations in the next several years. Foundation staff told Style Weekly in 2014 that many projects should be complete by 2017. If you'd like to donate to the theatre's “Journey To The Seats” campaign, which aims to raise a total of $3.5 million, you can do so online.
Photo: Community Idea Stations
Recommend this
on Facebook
Report an error
Subscribe to our
Weekly Digest
· in West of the Boulevard News
CLOSE Here are five things to know about the West Point Military Academy. Video by Jordan Fenster/lohud Wochit
Buy Photo graduation ceremony for the Class of 2017 at United States Military Academy at West Point on Saturday, May 27, 2017. (Photo: John Meore/The Journal News)Buy Photo
FORT DRUM, N.Y. - U.S. military officials are investigating a recent West Point graduate who posted photos of himself at his graduation with pro-communist messages under his uniform, including a red Che Guevara T-shirt.
The 10th Mountain Division said Tuesday that Army officials at Fort Drum in northern New York are aware of 2nd Lt. Spenser Rapone's alleged actions and are "looking into the matter."
A photo posted on Twitter this week by Rapone shows him at his U.S. Military Academy graduation in May with a handwritten message under his uniform cap stating, "Communism will win." Another Twitter photo shows Rapone holding open the tunic of his graduation day uniform to reveal a Che Guevara T-shirt while standing on the football field where the graduation ceremony was held.
Fort Drum said "the Army has strict rules regarding the wear and appearance of Army uniforms."
Officials at West Point also issued a statement Tuesday, saying Rapone's actions "in no way reflect the values of the U.S. Military Academy or the U.S. Army."
Buy Photo Cadets from the Class of 2017 at The United States Military Academy at West Point take part in their graduation and swearing-in ceremony on Saturday, May 27, 2017. Cadets are sworn as second lieutenants in the U. S. Army upon graduating. (Photo: John Meore/The Journal News)
Rapone was assigned to the 10th Mountain Division as an infantry officer after graduating from West Point on May 27. Normally a soldier's hometown is releasable information, but Fort Drum's Lt. Col. Tonya Stokes said Wednesday that it was being withheld for the safety of Rapone and his family. Officials didn't respond to a request to make Rapone available for comment.
While military officials support freedom of speech for soldiers, the Pentagon draws the line at political statements made while in uniform.
"The 10th Mountain Division not only supports free speech, it trains every day to ensure our nation has the ability to protect it at all cost," Stokes told the Army Times "That being said, when our soldiers are in uniform, politics must be set aside. Our uniform represents every corner of our nation and it cannot be used to promote any single ideology."
Read or Share this story: https://www.lohud.com/story/news/2017/09/28/west-point-communism-probe/711903001/
Down below amazing UFO was photographed in deep mountains of Senhor Do Bonfim, Brazil on April 14, 2013.
UFO was seen in the Serra do Gado Bravo by two cyclists and many others in the area.
The Serra do Gado Bravo is an extension of the Chapada Diamantina mountain range with in the municipality of Senhor do Bonfim.
UFO photographs were taken by Raymond Pool and Igor Geovani while participating in a mountain bike competition.
According to witnesses the UFO suddenly appeared and caused a big surprise to them. It was slightly noisy like a sewing machine when they have seen it coming out of the forest said Raymond Pool.
Raimundo saw and shouted for the camera, I was scared, I thought about the race, but endured the fear and took some pictures said Igor Geovane
According to the two friends, UFO was seen around 3:30 PM and stayed for about 15 minutes in the air, and all the sudden disappeared. When asked about the size of the ship, they said, " it was about car size."
In May two more eyewitness come forward claiming they also saw the UFO read more
David Moyes says his side deserved all three points after conceding a late equaliser in the game against Fulham. David Moyes says his side deserved all three points after conceding a late equaliser in the game against Fulham.
The Red Devils dominated the Cottagers at Old Trafford, controlling possession and delivering a record number of crosses into the box.
They were, however, to fall behind early on to a Steve Sidwell strike and took until 12 minutes from time to find a route back into the game.
Goals from Robin van Persie and Michael Carrick swung the match back in their favour, but there was to be a late twist in the tale as Darren Bent grabbed a stoppage-time leveller.
Moyes admits United should not have left themselves in such a position, with the struggles which have plagued them on home soil this season returning to haunt them once again.
He told Sky Sports: "We should have won it but lapses cost us. We probably had to defend three or four times in the whole game, but that happens sometimes in football.
"We tried everything to try and win - we crossed it, passed it, tried to get through - but we just didn't quite have the finishing touches.
"I think if we had got a goal early on then it would have completely altered the game. As it was, the more we went to score, they had a couple of chances and one of them they scored from. But I hardly felt as if they were on the park today.
"It has been quite often here at Old Trafford when we haven't got the goal, we have then maybe lost a goal and ended up chasing the game. We did it today.
"If we hadn't got back into the game then there would have been something up because we totally deserved it. We deserved to win the game, but you don't always get what you deserve."
United is now nine points adrift of the top four and in danger of missing out on a place in the UEFA Champions League.
Asked if the Red Devils can still break into that elite group, Moyes said: "We'll do our best."
270 SHARES Share Tweet
Banking on structural weaknesses in today's media, Beijing has succeeded in broadcasting a false narrative about Taiwan, often on a global scale.
Chinese media and the state apparatus appear to have joined hands to intensify a campaign of propaganda and disinformation targeting Taiwan, with fabrication, half-truths and comments taken out of context aimed at sowing confusion across the democratic nation and undermining its image abroad.
Although there is nothing particularly new about disinformation campaigns — in fact the Chinese Communist Party (CCP) has long used this as a tool in and outside China — their utility tends to increase in times of conflict or when a party is not getting what it wants from an ideological opponent, as is currently the case in the Taiwan Strait.
Disinformation is a key component of political or psychological warfare activity that seeks to weaken the enemy by undermining trust and cohesion across society. Although disinformation can be broadcast using various channels (think tanks, academic conferences, social forums and so on), mass media are the principal means of diffusion and the practice thrives in societies where journalism is either hampered by authoritarian censorship or, even in more open societies, a poor track record of fact-checking.
One of the main targets of Chinese disinformation are the Taiwanese themselves. The goal is to sow confusion; weaken trust in the nation's democratic institutions and leadership; exacerbate divisions between political parties, within civil society and among Chinese dissidents; and raise suspicions of treasonous intent toward retired generals and defense officials — all with the ultimate goal of breaking morale and impairing people's immunity to Beijing's propaganda on unification. Taiwan's ability to defend itself against military attack often has been the subject of such disinformation campaigns. This occurred earlier this week with a controversial interview in the CCP mouthpiece Global Times with former deputy minister of national defense Lin Chong-pin in which Lin, among other things, paints a very grim (and rather out-of-character) picture of Taiwan's ability to withstand a military attack, while seeming to speak positively about the prospects of “peaceful unification,” Chinese Newspeak for coerced annexation. Another recent example was a photograph circulated in Chinese media and on the Chinese air force's Sina Weibo microblog in December 2016 purporting to show a PLAAF H-6K bomber flying near Taiwan's Yushan. Taiwan's defense ministry denied this was true, but one can justifiably ask how many people worldwide will have seen that denial.
Another worrying trend is the growing body of evidence suggesting that pro-Beijing elements have been infiltrating civil society, including Chinese dissident groups, a development that could have a serious impact on the credibility of the information we obtain from such organizations and individuals.
China furthermore knows it can count on media it does not even control to intensify its signalling. What it banks on is circular reporting, or the growing tendency in media, traditional and “new,” to aggregate, repost, or repackage news published elsewhere. In many cases — particularly in Taiwan — the original publication that broke a news story is not even mentioned or hyperlinked, thus giving a false sense of corroboration, as if a piece of information had come from two, or several, sources, when in reality it originated from one outlet. Unfortunately, editorial pressures are such that journalists will be reprimanded if they fail to cover something that is reported by their competitors; and so much is asked of beat reporters that quite often they simply do not have the time, let alone the incentive from their superiors, to corroborate, fact-check, or contact additional sources. As a result, information that was false to begin with can take a life of its own and become a new “meme.” Subsequent corrections cannot undo the initial damage caused by mass disinformation. Lin, the former deputy defense minister, now claims that the Global Times expunged many of his comments from his interview. Fair enough, but given its terrible reputation and the high likelihood that his remarks would be misrepresented or used for propagandistic aims, he should have known better than to grant an interview with them in the first place.
In many cases — particularly in Taiwan — the original publication that broke a news story is not even mentioned or hyperlinked, thus giving a false sense of corroboration, as if a piece of information had come from two, or several, sources, when in reality it originated from one outlet.
The same applies to Taiwanese officials, serving or retired, granting interviews to the Hong Kong-based China Review News, which is believed to have close ties to the China Association for Promotion of Chinese Culture (CAPCC). As Mark Stokes and Russell Hsiao observed in a groundbreaking report on Chinese propaganda efforts, the CAPCC is the principal “platform for cross-Strait political warfare operations.” And yet China Review News reporters operate in Taiwan, attend conferences, have contact with officials, and they take a lot of pictures. A lot of the material the collect is assumed to be intended for internal government reference, or neibu, by the CCP.
Of course when it comes to making sure that pro-Beijing disinformation enters Taiwan's bloodstream, China knows it can always rely on its ally the China Times. Moreover, a recent explosion in the number of online “new media,” many of them with obscure backers, has compounded the credibility gap by adding noise to the news stream and possibly increasing false corroboration.
The disinformation campaign also increasingly relies on pro-Beijing publications in Hong Kong, which as for investment may provide a veneer of legitimacy. Just this week, Ta Kung Pao took comments by Presidential Office spokesman Alex Huang in Taipei completely out of context to sow alarm and discredit the Tsai administration. Commenting on what security measures would be implemented should someone attempt to crash a large vehicle into the Presidential Office, as occurred on Jan. 25, 2014, Huang said that if it were deemed that lives were endangered by such an act, armed military police guarding the building would be given the green light to open fire on the assailant(s). Instead, the Ta Kung Pao article, relying on information initially manipulated in social media, headlined its article as the Tsai government “fearing the people” and ordering military police to shoot protesters, including those who have recently mobilized in opposition to proposed changes to the pension system. (Huang commented on the incident in a Facebook post here.) Hong Kong media, including the self-same Ta Kung Pao, were also notorious earlier this month for mischaracterizing the incidents surrounding a visit to Taiwan by four Hong Kong activists and very much toeing Beijing's line on the increasingly vocal civil society in the former British colony.
Incidentally, signs of a new wave of disinformation against Taiwan emerged soon after Taiwan became the center of attention globally, due largely to president elect Donald Trump's 10-minute telephone conversation with President Tsai Ing-wen on Dec. 2, as well as subsequent remarks by Mr. Trump, who will be inaugurated tomorrow, on the “one China” policy. Logically, Beijing would seek to exploit the unusual attention that is being paid to Taiwan internationally by flooding the media with information that erodes Taiwan's case and prestige. Such efforts are facilitated by the circular news phenomenon in Taiwan described above and the fact that most international media do not have a presence in Taiwan and therefore often rely on reports in mainstream Taiwanese (or Chinese, including the dreaded Global Times) media for their information. The more entrepreneurial journalists, many of whom are based in Beijing, will make the extra effort to contact people in Taiwan to get feedback, but sadly those are in the minority.
The other casualties of intensifying Chinese disinformation efforts are the government agencies, NGOs, and individuals who must spend a lot of time and energy mitigating the reputational damage that can be caused by the false information. The more finite resources they must dedicate to countering such efforts, the less they have at their disposal to do the actual work of running the country or fulfilling their mandates as agencies, NGOs, or individuals. With the recent announcement by Beijing of further investment — in the billions of dollars — to strengthen its global media footprint, the challenge of countering disinformation is about to become even more daunting. While Taiwan cannot possibly hope to counter all that disinformation on a symmetrical basis, it could accomplish a lot by educating its people and its allies abroad, including foreign media, about those practices. As China ramps up its efforts globally, we all have to inoculate ourselves against fake news and be more critical of the information we receive.
Comments
More from Cross-Strait
Editor Picks
On August 18th, it was revealed that popular idol group AKB48 will be making an appearance on NTV' charity telethon "24Hour Television 35 Ai wa Chikyuu wo Sukuu", which will be broadcast live on the 25th to the 26th from Nippon Budokan. �Their appearance will be on the 26th via relay broadcasting from Tokyo Dome on the final day of their 3-day live concert at the venue.
NTV had asked the viewers for "great Japanese songs that gave them the future" for the 24Hour Television, and there were many requests for AKB48's songs. �Receiving such an immense amount of requests, the girls' appearance via relay broadcasting had been decided on. �Reportedly, they will perform a special medley for the program.
At the venue for the 24Hour Television, there will be many great artists like�Hitoto Yo, Morning Musume, Okamoto Mayo, THE ALFEE, Kayama Yuzo, Saijo Hideki and more. �They will show live performances that were requested by the viewers, and there will also be numerous previously unseen collaboration stages between the various artists.
Source & Image: Oricon
Tags
Debut flip issue with GameFan
Destructoid Magazine Issue 1 is finally here! To clear up any confusion: yes, it is a real, actual paper magazine you can lick. It's 36 pages long (minus ads), which isn't too shabby. Better yet, if you flip the magazine over you'll be treated to GameFan Issue 11, which is a whopping 64 pages long (minus ads). That makes a total of 100 pages hand-crafted, custom-designed video game magazine, just for you. You can pre-order the print copy here.
We hope to continue publishing an issue every two months, but we'll only be able to do that with your continued support. The good news is, lending that support won't necessarily cost you anything. Destructoid's patron HUGE members can download their early digital copy today for free from the HUGE perks page. Later in the week the digital download will be free to everyone.
Our top priority with this magazine is to share our love of video games with you in the most expressive, interesting, and honest way possible. GameFan has been striving for that goal since the 1990s, which made this team-up a perfect fit. The only thing that puzzles me about it is that it took us this long to make it happen.
Read on for more about what's inside our debut issue:
Destructoid Magazine: Issue 1
Exclusive Bloodstained cover by Inti Creates artist Yuji Natsume
Exclusive interview with Bloodstained creator and Castlevania legend Koji Igarashi
A detailed examination of the MOTHER/EarthBound series and the reasons why Nintendo so afraid to love it, featuring artwork by Camille Young, Robert 'Robaato' Porter and Jorge Velez
Exclusive sprite art of adorable Cammy and blubbery Birdie from Street Fighter V from Martin Wörister, with a preview of the game to match
A mini-guide for Super Smash Bros. for the Wii U and 3DS by ZeRo, the game's world champion, with art by Corey 'Reyyy' Lewis and David North
A career retrospective with Mariel Cartwright (Skullgirls) and Adam Tierney (WayForward), including exclusive artwork and hints about upcoming projects
A Splatoon for Beginners' guide by Chris Carter and Jonathan Holmes, with artwork by Sarah Thomas, Robert 'Robaato' Porter and Jorge Velez
An exclusive full color Arem comic by Corey 'Reyyy' Lewis
And look what GameFan made!
GameFan: Issue 11
Our E3 picks come to life over 14 pages of scrumptious highlights
HD Remasters: 10 we'd most like to see (and you'll never guess)
Blade & Soul LIVES. Hyung Tae Kim's sweeping online epic (finally) heads west.
Q&A with Omega Force on all things Kaiju for Toukiden Kiwami
20 plus pages of reviews!
Here's a low-resolution preview of Destructoid Magazine, Issue 1
Get your copy today! You can pre-order the print copy here
You are logged out. Login | Sign up
Sometimes a work of satire is so profound, so incisive that the twisted society it came from can't even recognize it for a farce. Other times people are just really, really dumb. The latter was almost certainly the case this week when ClickHole—The Onion's BuzzFeed parody site—published "5 Tragedies Weirdly Predicted By Adam Sandler."
Among other events, the article claimed Sandler had foretold the Waco siege ("Something's coming to Waco. Something dark."), the death of Princess Diana ("Our Queen's eldest, the beautiful flower, will wilt under a Parisian bridge.") and the disappearance of Malaysia Flight 370 ("A missing plane-ah / It's from Malaysia / Make me insane-ah / This will all make sense in due time."). As can only be expected by now, people freaked the fuck out online, some using Twitter to directly accuse Sandler of being responsible.
IF YOU DONT BELIEVE, BELIEVE THIS SHIT>>>>>> http://t.co/BotJ0HmW0C @AdamSandler what do you have to say for yourself !?! — Aubrey Pittman (@_doobrey) August 19, 2014
UM I JUST READ AN ARTICLE ABT HOW ADAM SANDLER IS AN ORACLE OF SORTS WHO CAN PREDICT THE FUTURE I ALWAYS KNEW THIS SUMHOW OMG 😳 — ENCARTA (@365750) August 19, 2014
@AdamSandler is this true? You predicted these tragedies? Sounds like a conspiracy!!!!! http://t.co/9bwoklTTHJ — Meghan Slack (@meghanslack1211) August 18, 2014
But along with the usual mix of teenagers and old people, this time The Onion also managed to fool dumbshit racists. In a post titled "Jew Adam Sandler predicts future events...," a member of white supremacist message board Stormfront held up the article as proof "Jews do make **** happen and probably communicate via movies."
"This comes as no surprise," replied one commenter, "all the Jews know what the schedule is, and follow it accordingly," apparently unimpressed with news that Sandler wore a T-shirt reading "BP OIL SPILL IN FIVE YEARS" on Late Night With Conan O'Brien.
In all fairness, however, not every übermensch was entirely convinced. "Oil companies like BP are always having oil spills," noted forum member FreeScotland. "So that's a non-prediction."
[ Images via Universal Pictures/Literally Unbelievable]
Antiviral is a new blog devoted to debunking fake news, online hoaxes and viral garbage. Follow us on Facebook and Twitter and send your tips to hudson.hongo@gawker.com.
16 Pages Posted: 3 Jun 2016 Last revised: 8 Jun 2016
Date Written: June 1, 2016
Abstract
Purpose: How will the words of a parent influence the adult weight of their daughter? This retrospective study evaluates how the recalled comments of parents made about the weight or eating habits of a daughter related to her adult BMI and satisfaction with her weight.
Method: A nationwide cross-sectional survey was conducted with 501 young women ranging in age from 20-35 (age 26.8, S.D. 3.1; BMI 25.96, S.D. 6.2), who were asked to indicate their weight satisfaction, eating habits, and BMI along with their recall of the extent to which they recalled their parents making weight-related or eating-related comments about them as a young girl. Linear regression analyses were run to examine the relationship between parental comments and women's weight satisfaction and BMI.
Interesting: now "highly unlikely" Carson Palmer will be willing to restructure his contract meaning OAK pays him $13 million or cuts him. — Adam Schefter (@AdamSchefter) March 25, 2013
The Raiders have seen this coming for a while. Carson Palmer was to get a raise in pay as per to restructure they agreed upon last off-season. He is set to make $13 million in base salary with a $15 million cap hit.
I put out an article last month asking the question of whether the Raiders really need Carson Palmer to take a pay cut. Now, with this supposed new development, it appears the Raiders have made their attempts to work out some kind of deal with Palmer to lower his 2013 cap figure and have been unsuccessful.
This does not surprise me for a number of reasons.
1. Due to to restructure last year, there is no way to simply move money around without causing considerable damage against future cap figures and we all know Reggie McKenzie is unwilling to do that.
2. This means a straight pay cut is the only way. After Palmer worked with the team last year to lower the cap figure, he has every right to stand pat and expect the team to honor the deal they struck with him. Players rarely ever take straight pay cuts, especially those who have nothing to lose if they don't.
3. Palmer would leave a lot of dead money behind if he were cut. The team would essentially still be paying top QB money to him except they would not have him around to earn it.
4. They haven't even completed the trade to acquire him. They have no round two picks this season after already having sent their first round pick to Cincinnati last year.
5. The team has no real options at QB without Palmer. There is no way the Raiders are handing the keys over to Terrelle Pryor. Without Palmer, they would be forced to draft Geno Smith with their top pick or risk not having any viable quarterback option on the team next season.
6. This would also mean no top pick on another position of great need for which there are many. The pick would get harder to trade with a team like the Cardinals likely nabbing Carson Palmer as soon as he is cut and therefore not having a need to jump up and get Geno Smith.
7. Trading Palmer would be very difficult with his salary being what it is. Other teams (such as the aforementioned Cardinals) won't be fighting to acquire him, they are content to sit waiting for what they hope is the inevitable release and then they'll pounce.
I have heard a lot of sportswriters and analysts say with utmost certainty that the Raiders are not going to pay Palmer $13 million this season. I still see that being a possibility. If the Raiders feel like they need to dig up cap space somewhere, there are other places they can find it without cutting their own nose off to spite their face.
Follow @LeviDamien
The Washington state Supreme Court ruled 8-1 to uphold Seattle's gun tax.
The Washington state Supreme Court has upheld Seattle's tax on gun and ammunition sales, according to an opinion issued Thursday morning.
The justices ruled 8-1 to affirm a previous decision by King County Superior Court, which sided with the city against opponents, including the National Rifle Association.
The city has been imposing the tax of $25 per firearm and 2 or 5 cents per round of ammunition for more than a year and a half, following City Council passage in 2015.
During that time, the lawsuit brought by the tax's opponents has been moving through the courts.
The plaintiffs have said the tax violates a Washington law that bans cities from regulating firearms, reserving that authority for the state. Seattle claims the tax is legal because taxation is different from regulation.
The majority opinion concluded in part that the city's ordinance does impose a tax, rather than a regulation, on firearms “because its primary purpose is to raise revenue for the public benefit.”
The city won the first battle in December 2015, when a King County Superior Court judge came down on the side of the tax, ruling it could take effect.
Opponents then took the case to a state appeals court, which passed it on to the state Supreme Court.
“Under Washington law, a charge intended to raise revenue for the public benefit is a tax,” Justice Debra L. Stephens wrote in Thursday's majority opinion.
“While courts should be dubious of regulations masquerading as taxes (and vice versa),” the opponents of Seattle's tax offered “no convincing evidence that the ordinance has a regulatory purpose or intent,” Stephens added.
In addition to the NRA, the plaintiffs include the Bellevue-based Second Amendment Foundation, the National Shooting Sports Foundation and two local gun owners.
Outdoor Emporium, a store in Sodo that sells guns, and Precise Shooter, a gun store that abandoned its Green Lake location after the tax was adopted, also have been part of the suit.
They've said the point of the tax is to drive gun sellers out of the city, while proponents, such as City Councilmember Tim Burgess, have said the intent is to raise money for gun-violence research as part of an effort to stop it.
When Burgess proposed the tax, he said the city's budget office had estimated it would raise $300,000 to $500,000 annually. It raised less than $200,000 during its first year.
Seattle has been waiting to spend that money until the lawsuit is resolved.
In a statement, the Second Amendment Foundation said Thursday's ruling shows how many elections for state Supreme Court justices matter.
“The high court's decision to uphold what clearly appears to us as a violation” of Washington's law barring cities from regulating firearms “is proof positive that the court places political correctness above the rule of law,” executive Vice President Alan M. Gottlieb said. “Gun owners must get more involved in Supreme Court races.”
Gottlieb called the ruling “a loss for the rule of law, firearms dealers and gun owners living in Seattle” and also “a slap in the face to the Washington Legislature.”
Other plaintiffs, including the NRA, didn't immediately comment Thursday.
Burgess called the ruling a “huge win” and said he hopes other Washington cities “now feel comfortable to follow suit” by adopting their own taxes on gun sales.
“I'm thrilled to see our Supreme Court so strongly uphold Seattle's gun-violence tax,” he said in a statement Thursday. “We knew from the start that we had a strong and sound legal case, and I'm proud that the tax proceeds can continue funding gun safety research and prevention programs at Harborview Medical Center.”
The councilmember added, “Gun violence costs the city and county $180 million per year, and I believe the gun industry should help offset some of those costs.”
The Alliance for Gun Responsibility joined Burgess in hailing the new decision.
“The gun lobby has tried — and failed … to use the courts to block this commonsense policy that will fund these critical investments,” the Alliance said in a statement.
“Today's ruling is a clear message that their campaign to deny the public factual information about gun violence is not welcome in Washington state.”
The MPAA is objecting to the transfer of Megaupload data, saying in a court filing today that it could pave the way to a relaunch of the controversial file-sharing service.
The response comes two weeks after Carpathia, Megaupload's Virginia-based server host, filed an emergency motion to allow it to do something with the 25 petabytes of data it was holding. Carpathia wanted relief from the $9,000 it was spending per day to retain the data.
The question of what to do with that data has been of some controversy since Megaupload founder Kim Dotcom and others were indicted in a massive copyright action in January. The MPAA says that after Megaupload's founders were arrested, it learned that Carpathia has agreed to sell the data back to Megaupload, "with all the film and TV content intact." In addition, one Megaupload user has filed a motion to create a receivership that would allow all users who posted to Megaupload to be allowed to retrieve their data.
PHOTOS: 10 Most Pirated Movies of All Time
The MPAA says it doesn't mind if Carpathia powers down the servers but expresses concern about what might happen if the company is allowed to transfer the data. In a filing today, the MPAA says:
"A sale or transfer of the servers to Megaupload (or any of the defendants) would raise a significant risk that Megaupload will simply ship the servers, hard drives or other equipment -- and all of the infringing content they contain -- to a foreign jurisdiction and relaunch the infringing Megaupload service, which would result in untold further infringements of the MPAA members' copyrighted works. If so, the renewed criminal enterprise might be beyond any effective legal remedy."
The association of Hollywood studios also asserts ownership over much of the content contained on the servers and is expressing a noteworthy legal theory that distribution of the material would in and of itself be a violation of rights.
"The sale or transfer of those copies from Carpathia to Megaupload or any other third party would constitute an unauthorized “distribut[ion] … to the public” under the Copyright Act," says the MPAA in its legal filing.
The MPAA also says that Megaupload has been given access to inspect the data in preparation of its defense, but adds:
"In these circumstances, it seems likely that the only reason Megaupload and its co-defendants sought to purchase the 25,000 Carpathia servers (and incur the expense of buying, transporting and housing them) was simply to be in position to relaunch the Megaupload service in the near future."
The studios say they are "sympathetic" to users who were caught up in the allegedly illegal activity of Megaupload but insist that users had to know the risks when they signed up for the terms of Megaupload's service, which disclaimed any guarantee of continued access. The MPAA says that if a mechanism is set up so that users can retrieve their data, it has to be carefully set up so that no illegal files are downloaded. As for the full scope of Megaupload data, there's only one party that the MPAA would agree to allow to have it. The studios say they are fine with Carpathia's suggestion that the servers be transferred to the U.S. government.
E-mail: eriq.gardner@thr.com
Twitter: @eriqgardner
More public sector (PSBs), resisting a cutting of interest rates so far, have started falling in line.
and said they'd cut their base rates (BRs), to which all loans are linked, from Monday. The latter reduced its BR by 30 basis points (bps) to 9.95 per cent; reduced its by 25 bps to 10 per cent.
ALSO READ: Week after RBI prodding most PSBs yet to cut base rates
The rate reduction follows the Reserve Bank of India's decision this Tuesday to cut the repo rate, at which it lends to banks, by 25 bps to 7.25 per cent. RBI has reduced the repo by 75 bps since January.
Most PSBs have kept their BR at 9.95-10 per cent, barring State Bank of India, which has reduced its to 9.7 per cent, the lowest among all lenders. A few, like and Dena Bank, are yet to take a call on rate revision. Both these banks' BR is 10.25 per cent.
have been reluctant to cut lending rates, evident from the fact that they have reduced their BR by only 25-30 bps in response to the cut of 75 bps. The central bank has said it expects full monetary transmission of its cut from the PSBs.
Banks are resisting a lending rate cut because their net interest margins will come under further pressure. Margins have been squeezed as more assets are turning bad and not earning any interest rate. Banks' woes have been compounded with slow credit offtake amid an economic slowdown.
Bankers say cutting the BR rate will not help generate demand for loans, as there are structural issues like coal linkages and environmental clearances, which need to be addressed first to revive big investments.
In such an environment, a bank will end up earning lower interest revenues on existing loans by cutting the BR, without getting additional demand for loans, is the argument.
"If you are a federally licensed gun dealer and your license is revoked because you've engaged in misconduct ... your entire inventory under prevailing law is deemed your personal collection. You then can sell it free from any background checks."
As the nation debates proposed new gun restrictions after the Newtown, Conn., elementary school massacre, one issue is whether current law adequately regulates firearms dealers.
During a recent appearance on WJAR-TV's "10 News Conferences," U.S. Rep. David N. Cicilline, a Rhode Island Democrat, spoke on the issue. Cicilline this year sponsored a bill, which has more than 60 co-sponsors, that would close what supporters refer to as the "fire sale loophole." The bill is still pending in a Congressional committee and it is unclear when, or if, it will be taken up.
"If you are a federally-licensed gun dealer and your license is revoked because you've engaged in misconduct or because you've sold guns to people who shouldn't have them (if) your license is revoked, your entire inventory under prevailing law is deemed your personal collection," Cicilline said. "You then can sell it free from any background checks. So we reward bad behavior."
When we contacted Cicilline's office to check his claim, spokesman Richard Luchette referred us to the federal firearms law. We found Section 923 of Title 18, Chapter 44, which includes some of the regulations on federally-licensed firearms dealers.
But the law doesn't specifically address what gun dealers who lose their federal licenses can do with the firearms in their inventory. That absence, according to Cicilline and other gun-control supporters, is a serious loophole, allowing dealers to transfer their inventory into a personal collection and then sell those firearms -- without requiring buyers to submit to a background check.
Luchette also sent us links to a couple of examples provided by Mayors Against Illegal Guns, headed by New York City Mayor Michael Bloomberg and Boston Mayor Thomas Menino. (Cicilline was among 15 mayors who in 2006 -- he was Providence mayor at the time -- attended the first summit, hosted by Bloomberg, that helped to launch the group.)
One example the group cited dated to 2006 and involved a Maryland gun dealer who had lost his license for multiple violations in which firearms in his sales inventory were unaccounted for.
After the dealer filed a federal lawsuit against the director of the federal Bureau of Alcohol, Firearms and Tobacco, the U.S. Department of Justice issued a legal opinion that said "‘when a dealer loses his license he can dispose of his inventory by selling those firearms without being deemed to have engaged in the business in violation of" a federal law.
The gun dealer would violate the law only "if he chooses to purchase and resell firearms," the opinion stated
The Maryland dealer was found to be within his rights to transfer some 700 guns into his personal inventory and continue to sell them, despite having a record of previous violations in which guns in his inventory were unaccounted for, so long as he did not buy any additional weapons, according to an article in the Baltimore Sun.
The other example cited by the mayors' organization was an Ohio firearm dealer allowed to sell what had been remaining in his inventory after his federal license had been revoked.
Seeking an independent point of view, we contacted the Bureau of Alcohol, Firearms and Tobacco, the federal agency that handles federal licensing of firearms dealers.
An ATF spokeswoman, Debora Seifert, said that once someone is no longer a federally licensed firearms dealer, either voluntarily or because his license is revoked for some misconduct, then "they are citizens, so they have the ability to convert the firearms from their [sales inventory] into their own personal inventory."
Therefore, she said, dealers who are no longer federally licensed do not come under the ATF's purview. Because they are no longer subject to the federal jurisdiction of ATF, they can conceivably sell those firearms. This sale are free from federal requirements for background checks of buyers.
Siefert said some states may have their own laws that curtail firearms sales under those circumstances. Rhode Island is one of those states.
Amy Kempe, spokeswoman for Rhode Island Attorney General Peter F. Kilmartin, said that "Rhode Island is not a ‘loophole' state." The state's law "requires a background check and waiting period before any firearm is transferred to any purchaser so it doesn't matter if the seller has [a federal firearms license] or not," she said by e-mail.
Our ruling
Cicilline said that "if you are a federally-licensed gun dealer and your license is revoked because you've engaged in misconduct or because you've sold guns to people who shouldn't have them (if) your license is revoked, your entire inventory under prevailing law is deemed your personal collection …You then can sell it free from any background checks. So we reward bad behavior."
An ATF spokeswoman confirmed that is true. And examples of ex-dealers selling their inventories have occurred and been documented.
We rate the claim True.
(If you have a claim you'd like PolitiFact Rhode Island to check, e-mail us at [email protected] And follow us on Twitter: @politifactri.)
Donald Trump attack on John McCain war record is 'new low in US politics'
Donald Trump attacked the Arizona senator John McCain on Saturday, for being shot down while a navy pilot during the Vietnam war.
Trump, who has been in a war of words with the 2008 Republican nominee, jibed of McCain: “He's not a war hero. He's a war hero because he was captured? I like people who weren't captured.”
Is Donald Trump the greatest meme generator that God has ever created? Read more
His words prompted a strong response from Republican candidates for president in 2016 – more immediate and forceful, indeed, than such reactions to Trump's recent comments on Mexico and immigration.
The former Texas governor Rick Perry said the remarks represented “a new low in American politics” and demanded that Trump “immediately withdraw from the race for president”.
McCain was held prisoner by North Vietnam for five and a half years, and repeatedly tortured. Trump received several student deferments from Vietnam while in college. After graduating, he received a medical deferment.
Trump's remarks came in a question-and-answer session at the Family Leadership Summit, a gathering of social conservatives in Ames, Iowa, at which a number of Republican presidential candidates were scheduled to appear. Amid continuing controversy over his remarks about Mexico and immigration, Trump is running at the top of most polls of the 15-strong field.
His jibe at McCain came in the midst of back-and-forth remarks between the two, in which McCain claimed the attendees at a recent Trump event in Arizona were “crazies”.
Trump responded by calling the Arizona senator “a dummy” because McCain graduated last in his class from the Naval Academy.
In a press conference on Saturday, Trump refused to apologize and said he had nothing to apologize for. Instead, he insisted that he was criticizing McCain for “not doing enough for our veterans”.
He went on to refer to a recent high-profile prisoner of enemy forces, from the Afghanistan war, when he insisted: “If a person is captured, they are a hero as far I'm concerned. Unless they are [Bowe] Bergdahl.”
Trump defended his words on stage by saying: “I am not supposed to respect the people who didn't get captured?”
A number of Trump's Republican opponents were quick to criticize his comments. Former Texas governor Rick Perry released a statement, which said: “Donald Trump should apologize immediately for attacking Senator McCain and all veterans who have protected and served our country.
“As a veteran and an American, I respect Senator McCain because he volunteered to serve his country. I cannot say the same of Mr Trump. His comments have reached a new low in American politics. His attack on veterans makes him unfit to be commander-in-chief of the US armed forces, and he should immediately withdraw from the race for president.”
Former Pennsylvania senator Rick Santorum tweeted that McCain “is an American hero, period”; at an event on Saturday, Wisconsin governor Scott Walker said McCain was “an American hero” as well. Former Florida governor Jeb Bush condemned “slanderous attacks” against McCain, in a tweet.
South Carolina senator Lindsey Graham, a friend of McCain, has been a vociferous critic of Trump. On Twitter, he said: “If there was ever any doubt that Donald Trump should not be our commander in chief, this stupid statement should end all doubt.”
The most pointed response came from the Louisiana governor, Bobby Jindal, who tweeted: “After Donald Trump spends six years in a POW camp, he can weigh in on John McCain's service.”
Even the Republican National Committee, which has been noticeably reticent to criticize Trump, went after the billionaire. Sean Spicer, the RNC's top strategist, tweeted: “There is no place in our party or our country for comments that disparage those who have served honorably.”
Mitt Romney, the 2012 Republican candidate, tweeted: “The difference between @SenJohnMcCain and @realDonaldTrump: Trump shot himself down. McCain and American veterans are true heroes.”
One Republican presidential candidate, though, went out of his way not to condemn Trump's remarks. Speaking to reporters in Ames, Texas senator Ted Cruz said “John McCain is a friend of mine” and praised the Arizona Republican as a war hero.
However, Cruz said he refused to engage in “Republican on Republican violence” and “the bloodsport of politics”.
A McCain spokesman did not immediately respond to a request for comment.
Reaction from audience members at the Family Leadership Summit was mixed. One attendee, Jim Welscher of Des Moines, had no problems with Trump's comments. “The truth needs to be spoken,” he said.
In contrast, Dave Koenigsberg of Hampton, Iowa said: “It's troubling that he would be derogatory to a United States senator, particularly about being a veteran.”
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Donald Trump speaks at a news conference after his appearance on stage. Photograph: Jim Young/Reuters
Donald Trump may have overstated his appeal among Hispanic voters, poll finds Read more
Trump did not just attack McCain. The former host of Celebrity Apprentice also took a populist note in going after the current system of campaign finance. The real-estate mogul defended his long history of political contributions to both parties as influence-buying: “I give to everybody and they do whatever I say,” he said.
He used this to note his independence from special interests and attacked the massive fundraising tallies achieved by Jeb Bush and Hillary Clinton.
“Those people are controlled by whoever gave them their money, and I will tell you they are totally controlled,” he said.
The socially conservative gathering also meant Trump was pressed on his personal faith. While he talked at length about attending church and his love of family, he did say to a somewhat surprised crowd that he had never asked God for forgiveness.
It doesn't seem likely he'll ask John McCain for forgiveness either.
“We have many thousands of voter commitment cards, divided by precinct, and we know how many of these voters need to show up on caucus night to win even one or two delegates,” Mr. D'Alessandro said in an interview at the Sanders headquarters in Des Moines, as 20 volunteers called voters about events featuring the candidate. “That's the ballgame: making sure enough people get to enough precincts.”
The Clinton campaign is also confident about its turnout goals, but Mr. Paul and his team have spent far more time building political operations in each precinct. Thousands of fliers have been sent to supporters providing the addresses of their caucus locations. And over two weekends this month, thousands of volunteers joined in dry runs of caucus-day operations at more than 150 Clinton campaign offices, union halls and homes across the state.
“Last summer, we got to the point of having a supporter in every precinct of the state much earlier than any campaign ever had, because of the tenacity of our organizers to drive from gravel road to gravel road to identify supporters,” Mr. Paul said. “Look, there are 1,681 precincts. You organize from there.”
A map of Iowa on Mr. Paul's wall shows the 99 counties and different news media markets, with sticky notes marking planned trips for Mrs. Clinton, her husband and other surrogates. Mr. Paul carries a binder with a spreadsheet tracking Mrs. Clinton's visits and crowds, and a laptop to review readouts from each event about the number of commitment cards collected and volunteers signed up — information he shares with her quickly.
Mr. D'Alessandro tracks the same data points, but scribbles them on giant sheets of paper taped to an office wall. “I'm old school,” he said.
Twelve of 71 guns discovered by TSA agents at airports around the country, during the week of Jan. 9-15, 2017.
We're back again, and just to clear things up for you non-Romans, this is the 228th week that I've been collecting GunFAIL stories. Not all of the weekly compilations have been published, mind you. But I've never stopped collecting them, and I've got the overflowing drafts folder to prove it, in case you're ever interested.
The second week of 2017 brought us more of the usual: 20 people who accidentally shot themselves, 11 accidental gun fatalities, 7 minors accidentally shot, 5 people accidentally shot by family members or significant others, 3 hunting accidents, 3 people accidentally shot by someone cleaning a still-loaded gun, 2 people who accidentally shot themselves while holstering or unholstering their weapons, etc., etc., etc.
Among the stranger stories from the week, we found yet another legislative GunFAIL, as New Hampshire state rep. Carolyn Halstead became the second New Hampshire legislator to catch our attention by dropping a loaded firearm during a committee hearing. (The first, former-Rep. Kyle Tasker, ended 2016 under indictment for drug possession with intent to distribute, and attempted child sexual exploitation charges. Because he's a law-abiding citizen and whatnot.) Rep. Halstead was reportedly “mortified” at having knocked her gun out of its holster in a crowded hearing on the merits of full-day kindergarten. Luckily the weapon didn't fire and no one was hurt. But if the subject of arming school teachers ever comes up for a hearing, I hope she'll reflect on her own experience.
We also have an entry this week from what turned out to be a gun enthusiast literally in his mom's basement. Nothing terribly wrong with that, of course, but things went south when he accidentally fired his gun up through the ceiling, and shot his mom while she was sleeping in bed, upstairs.
Lastly, the story that inspired this week's title, which sounds more than a little sketchy. I'm not sure how many meat-packing plants operate this way, but out at Yoder Meats in Yoder, Kansas, they got hold of a buffalo to be slaughtered, and decided to do it by climbing a ladder and trying to shoot the animal with a rifle, over the side of a trailer. The buffalo, not interested in standing still for it, jostled the ladder and caused the rifleman to shoot another nearby employee, instead. No word on the other employee's status. He probably survived, but if not, I'm sure he was delicious.
The full week's collection of stories appears below.
Editor's Note: This post is an entry in the 5th Annual iPura Tweet & Blogfest at Seafood Expo 2015. It originally appeared on the Good Catch blog. Read all of the Blogfest entries here.
By Ret Talbot
Those in the seafood industry the furthest along the path to sustainability must never become the elite. Sustainability is not a club one joins. It is not an award one wins or a crown one wears. Sustainability must be nothing more and nothing less than a best practice.
It's easy to see why those companies “certified as sustainable” may be viewed as the elite. It's estimated that only around 10 percent of global wild-caught seafood comes from fisheries engaged with the largest, most well-recognized certification scheme — the Marine Stewardship Council (MSC).
“If you look at MSC certifications, the likelihood is that it's going to deal with fairly large commercial fisheries in international trade where there are stock assessments,” Dr. Bill Fox, World Wildlife Fund (WWF) Vice President for fisheries conservation, said during a panel discussion at Seafood Expo North America (SENA15). As Fox pointed out, that's only about 20 percent of wild fisheries that have a realistic shot at an MSC certification at present. What about the other 80 percent? And what about global aquaculture, where sustainability questions persist globally despite a preponderance of science showing that sustainable aquaculture is not only possible, but is also essential to the future of the seafood industry?
When sustainability is viewed as an endpoint — a door through which one passes into the clubhouse — then the seafood industry potentially does itself a great disservice. Giving elevated status to the few at the top often means the majority will never make it inside. This is why the most forward-thinking companies the furthest along the path to sustainability may choose not to enter the clubhouse at all. “Claiming 98 or 99 percent sustainability is about ego,” Michael Tlusty, director of research for th New England Aquarium, said during a SENA15 panel entitled The Changing Landscape of Sustainable Seafood. “If you start making too much progress,” Tlusty said, “you need to set a more rigorous [standard].”
This isn't to say that we shouldn't have certification, verification and assurance schemes in the seafood industry. In fact, such programs are essential to moving the dial in the right direction. It is, in large part, thanks to such programs that we are where we are today — that we're even having this discussion. Consumer-facing certifications have elevated the dialogue in the public sphere (although we still have a lot of work to do in this regard), and internal certifications have helped business-to-business interactions. The important thing to remember, however, is that when you deal exclusively with the tiny percentage of the industry that is certified sustainable, you potentially further marginalize the vast majority.
In his panel discussion, Tlusty talked about how we use certification to help move the industry along the path toward greater sustainability without alienating the majority of seafood businesses that have not received the gold star. “We are a global sourcing food system,” Tlusty said. “If you say we're going to cherry-pick all the best producers … there's likely to be a lot of egregious occurrences happening, and that product is just going to be shifted elsewhere.” Instead, Tlusty suggested, we need to stay engaged with the entire industry. “Just cherry-picking off the best is going to make your company look good,” he said, “but for the entire food system, it's actually going to do it a disservice.”
The leaders of the seafood industry need to avoid wearing sustainability blinders. Yes, we need to shine a light on those who are doing it well insofar as sustainability is concerned, but, more importantly, we must not allow those in our peripheral vision to fall out of focus. Reward those who have worked hard to achieve certification, but also engage with those who have not. Certification is a tool; use it as such.
I made the observation on Twitter last month that as the word sustainability proliferates on the exhibit floor at SENA15, the Sustainable Fisheries conference track occurring concurrent with the show seems to be distancing itself somewhat from the word. How many times did I hear in panel discussions this year something like, “I don't really like the ‘S' word”?
I think we're seeing an evolution here that goes beyond vocabulary. I think perhaps we're coming to appreciate that sustainability is nothing more or nothing less than a best practice.
That is something I think we all should celebrate.
Image credit: Flickr/Sodexo USA
Ret Talbot is an award-winning freelance science writer and photojournalist with nearly 20 years of experience covering stories from some of the more remote corners of the globe. From the icy summits of the Andes to the reefs of Papua New Guinea, his assignments have taken him off the beaten track and put his readers face-to-face with stories of adventure, new ideas and innovative approaches to commonplace issues. His current work focuses on the intersection of fisheries, science and sustainability.
Parkdale couple buck agricultural trends to make their dreams come true — and, they hope, maybe even turn a profit
Andrea and Taylor Bemis rolled across the country last year with a dog, a dream and $10,000.
The dog's name was Henry, the dream was to make a living as farmers, and the cash was what they thought their first year working the rich, coffee-colored soil in the shadow of Mount Hood would cost.
The couple's arrival in Oregon — two people in their early 30s, farming less than two acres — went against the basic demographic trend in American agriculture. The average U.S. farm is 441 acres, up threefold from a century ago. The average farmer is 55, a rise of 10 years in two decades.
“The work is hard, the margins are thin,” said Dennis Myhrum of the Oregon Farm Bureau. “Unless you were raised in the business, why would you think about getting into it?”
Taylor Bemis grew up in farming on the East Coast, but had no interest in making the family trade as a career. He figured there were too many mountains to ski and too many trails to hike to settle on a single piece of land.
Andrea Bemis comes from Lake Oswego and graduated from Central Catholic High School; she enrolled in beauty school because she believed the work would give her the freedom to go wherever she wanted.
Not long after they found each other, these two wandering souls decided they wanted to put down roots together. They gave themselves a simple goal for the first year: Break even.
“If we can finish back where started this year, that will mean it's worth continuing,” Taylor, lanky and bearded with a goofy ski bum's smile, said soon after their arrival as he stared at a field cluttered with rocks, grass and wildflowers. “If it doesn't work, we can just walk away.”
Andrea, a foot shorter than her husband but more talkative by a mile, interrupted him.
“We can walk away,” she said. “But we don't want to.”
Fall: Digging in
They met cute at a Montana dude ranch in 2004. She was waiting tables. He was washing dishes. They made long distance work for a few years as he finished college in Maine, and she completed Aveda training. Then they wandered together.
Four years ago, they were hiking in Sisters on his birthday when she brought up some worries. He was tending bar and coaching a ski team on Mount Bachelor. She was selling running shoes. Their life was more fun than fulfilling.
That morning, they'd received a package of blueberries from Taylor's father, who owns a 45-acre farm outside Boston. The fruit, fresh and sweet, reinforced something she'd been considering:
What would you think, she asked, of going to work for your dad?
He'd been playing with similar thoughts. On the hike down that afternoon — “I always think better descending,” — he told her so. They went out for a beer to talk it over. That night, he emailed his dad to say he was coming home.
Andrea Bemis cooks what she grows. She's offered a few seasonal recipes for Oregonian readers. Curried Cauliflower And Chickpea Soup See recipe
After one day spent pruning blueberry bushes, Andrea thought they'd made a huge mistake.
“I just couldn't believe people worked that hard every day,” she said.
They spent year one in Massachusetts exhausted and bewildered. They spent the next two asking questions and dreaming.
“I went from, ‘This is terrible,' to, ‘This could be fun,' to, ‘I cannot imagine doing anything else,'” Andrea said. “Success would be living on the farm, a small house, a big kitchen, waking up at the crack of dawn and working to exhaustion, then having a big family dinner and falling into bed. It sounds silly maybe, but that's the picture in my head.”
In that, they are part of a small but significant movement: young people entering agriculture.
“It's oddly similar to the software startups of the 1990s,” said Garry Stephenson, who runs Oregon State University's small farms program. “These are young people interested in becoming entrepreneurs, responding to the economy. But there's also almost a philosophical part to it, a sense of wanting to change the world.”
Andrea missed family and friends in the Pacific Northwest — and they prefer the skiing here — so they found land to lease through Friends of Family Farmers, an Oregon nonprofit that runs an Internet “ifarm” program to match landlords with tenants. The goal is to ensure that as Baby Boomers retire, millions of farmable acres don't disappear with them.
“If nobody wants to work the land, it's probably going to get developed,” said Nellie McAdams, a child of Gaston hazelnut farmers who coordinates the ifarm program. “Once you lose farmland, you don't get it back.”
Art is duplicitous. One of the hallmarks of great art is its success in casting a spell of illusion. The deception is a joyful one, however, one which offers insight or beauty. A taut stretch of artfully paint-dabbed canvas becomes the landscape of Tuscany or the Shire. By the sounds of music, by the movements of the dance, we are ensorcelled. Time and space are held in thrall. Emotions and memories are evoked by enchantment. Moreover, one of the most complete illusions cast by great art is the appearance of its being effortlessly executed. Like the mid-flight somersault of a trapeze artist, art gives the illusion that its perfection is pre-ordained and could not be otherwise than perfect.
So it is with `The Lord of the Rings' by JRR Tolkien. On first reading, could any one of us imagine the story other than how it is told to us by him? Could we envision a character other than Strider/Aragorn leading the Fellowship or perhaps a hobbit other than Frodo being the Ring-bearer? Could `The Lord of the Rings' be the beloved masterpiece it is reckoned to be if there were no Samwise Gamgee to serve as Frodo's grounding point and as a constant flesh and blood, warts-and-all reminder of why their impossible quest must succeed? Would any wizard other than Gandalf have filled the bill? How many would read and re-read this noble saga if the stakes of the quest were no greater than the winning of treasure (as in Bilbo's adventure) and the villains were of a lesser order of malevolence than the Black Riders or the Dark Lord, Sauron? No need to consider for long these fanciful flights of specious speculation because `The Lord of the Rings' for most of us is perfection. But it was not always thus.
Long before any of us had the opportunity to yield to his artful illusions, Professor Tolkien was himself engaging in all manner of speculation and creative invention during the decades of writing and re-writing his masterwork, `The Lord of the Rings'. This should come as no surprise. However, one of the sweeter deceptions induced by Professor Tolkien's labors is the impression that this marvelous epic was borne full-blown like Athena from the forehead of Zeus. Nothing, of course, could be further from the truth.
Here, I must consider that readers may be split by the preceding pronouncement into two factions: one being those whose reaction would be expressed as "Absurdly obvious!" whereas the others' might be voiced inversely as "Obviously absurd!". The first faction may have either spent long hours studying literary criticism or have read one/any/all of the volumes of Christopher Tolkien's `The History of Middle-earth'. To those of this jaded number, I ask forbearance. Stating the obvious is the prerogative of writers and teachers. I do so for the benefit of those who may count themselves members of the second group (as I most assuredly would have done in my callow youth) - This gentles gently ensnared in the artfully crafted illusion that the mythos and saga of Middle-earth flowed as effortlessly through the pen of JRR Tolkien as the Great River through the Mouths of Anduin. As enticing as the illusion is, the truth of Tolkien's labors is far more edifying. For, to comprehend the full measure of a hero, we must know what trials and challenges the hero faced on his quest. Tolkien's quest was a long painful one.
Please. Do not shoot the messenger. My intentions are not to diminish anyone's fondness of Middle-earth by dragging them kicking and screaming from a cozy dream-state into the stark light of pedantry nor should it be inferred that I am endeavoring to give JRR Tolkien feet of clay. Quite the contrary. My purpose is to offer a few snippets of information which might provoke insight and further enhance the readers' appreciation of Tolkien's monumental achievement - the creation of a most beautiful, most elegant and most believable body of myth.
Christopher Tolkien, the son and posthumous editor of JRR Tolkien, states quite plainly in the forward to the sixth volume of `The History of Middle-earth',
"My father bestowed immense pains on the creation of the `Lord of the Rings', and my intention has been that this record of his first years of work on it should reflect those pains."
The pains which are referred to are those of disquietude, uncertainty and a mistrust of his own ability to produce an acceptable sequel to `The Hobbit'. Clearly the task of writing a follow-up daunted him, for in his letter dated December 16, 1937 to his publisher, Stanley Unwin, Tolkien wrote rather plaintively, "What more can hobbits do?".
Tolkien was, at this time, deeply involved with `The Silmarillion' and apparently less than happily disposed to undertake the sequel at the expense of leaving off, even temporarily, with the older, mythological accounts of Middle-earth. Nevertheless, by the following February, he had written four versions of what would become the first chapter of `The Lord of the Rings', `The Long-expected Party' but had strong misgivings concerning the value of his efforts. In a letter dated February 1, 1938, to Charles Furth of Allen & Unwin, he confided "I have no confidence in it." Eleven days later he wrote,
"I have only the vaguest notions of how to proceed. Not ever intending any sequel, I fear I squandered all my favorite `motifs' and characters on the original `Hobbit'."
Notwithstanding his fear, he continued writing. By March of 1938, he had taken the new story as far as Buckland, roughly equivalent to the fifth chapter of `The Fellowship of the Ring'. The basic storyline was coming together. It must be noted, however, that the `hero' of this new tale was not young Frodo Baggins but rather a hobbit of 72 years named `Bingo Bolger-Baggins' who was being accompanied by a trio of hobbits, all very much younger than himself, named Odo and Frodo Took and Marmaduke Brandybuck. Moreover, the Ring was only slowly evolving from a magic trinket of prankish use into a virulent, invasive instrument of evil. Unlike in `The Fellowship', Gandalf provided no scene of discovery concerning the Ring nor was there an exposition offered by any character as to its ultimate role as `the One Ring'.
After seven months of fitful labor on the as yet unnamed sequel, Tolkien, writing to Mr Furth on July 24, lamented his lack of progress and expressed his dismay at ever finding a suitable story.
"The sequel to `The Hobbit' has remained where it stopped. It has lost my favor, and I have no idea what to do with it. For one thing the original Hobbit was never intended to have a sequel - Bilbo `remained very happy to the end of his days and those were extraordinarily long': a sentence I find an almost insuperable obstacle to a satisfactory link. For another nearly all of the `motives' that I can use were packed into the original book, so that a sequel will appear either `thinner' or merely repetitious."
Plainly, Tolkien had not developed a `master plan' for his new novel nor had he envisioned the immense scope this story would eventually encompass. It is reasonable to assume that the sequel was to be no more than an extension of `The Hobbit' - another story about hobbits populated primarily by hobbits. In the earlier stages, for example, the characters who would become Strider and Barliman Butterbur of `The Prancing Pony' were both played by hobbits. (Incidentally, the ranger hobbit, Trotter, wore wooden shoes.) Links or references to the history of Númenor or the lineage of their kings were not a part of the tale. This story, evidently, had been meant from its out-set, to be merely incidental, not integral to the history of Middle-earth which he was `sub-creating' in `The Silmarillion'. That, of course, was to change dramatically.
After languishing `through some six months or more' according to Christopher Tolkien, the story spoke to his father once more. For Charles Furth received a letter dated August 31, 1938 in which Professor Tolkien ebulliently announced:
"In the last two or three days...I have begun again on the sequel to `The Hobbit' - The Lord of the Ring. It is now flowing along, and getting quite out of hand. It has reached about Chapter VII and progresses toward quite unforeseen goals."
For the first time, the sequel is referred to by a title: `The Lord of the Ring'. Singular - `Ring'. The tale of Celebrimbor's forging of the Rings of Power under the tutelage of Sauron, referenced in the familiar rhyme which begins "Three Rings for the Elven-kings under the sky..." still had not been applied to the on-going story of Bilbo's ring nor had the rhyme yet been written. That would come later. Even so, this title would indicate that the Ring has its own rightful master which, by inference, is the Dark Lord, Sauron. This, in turn, would intimate that the tale has thus become something grander than simply `There and Back Again, part II'.
This discussion of Tolkien's travails in authoring his master-piece must needs be cursory. Indeed, there are four full volumes concerning this matter, "The History of the Lord of the Rings", in which Christopher Tolkien provides extensive details of the story's evolution and his father's impassioned and protracted effort to produce this timeless work of wonder, truth and hope.
Professor Tolkien dedicated the greater part of his eighty-one years to the creation of a world which would not only capture the attention and imagination of millions by its invention but also remain fascinating, instructive and inspirational by the detail and depth of its construction and its own self-referencing chronicles. To think the fulfillment of his quest was pre-ordained and predestined, to prefer the delusional spell of Art's enchantment to the truth of his strife, strain and struggle is to demean his effort and devalue his gift to us. The `Lord of the Rings' did not flow from his pen like the River Anduin. It flowed like the blood through his body, the sweat on his brow and the tears from his eyes. Its writing was his quest and he was its hero.
The fight over an anti-union bill being pushed by Michigan Republicans has gotten heated in a hurry. The bill, which would force union members to pay for representation for their non-union coworkers, was decidedly not on the Republican agenda during the election, then emerged quickly as a priority for the lame duck session. Thursday, protesters at the state capitol were pepper sprayed and several were arrested. As is always the case when protesters are pepper sprayed, the reason given—accurately or not—was that they had it coming, having gotten unruly.
Police also closed the capitol, leaving many protesters shut out. Initially police claimed the capitol was closed because it was too crowded, but ultimately had to walk that back and admit that only some areas were too crowded. The building itself could definitely fit more people, if police weren't so eager to keep protesters out.
Gov. Rick Snyder, who until this lame duck session had repeatedly said that such a law was not on his agenda, held a press conference Thursday. Marcy Wheeler notes that:
Snyder and House Speaker Jase Bolger and Senate Majority Leader Randy Richardville dodged repeated questions about whether Dick DeVos' funding had some influence on this decision (they answered by pointing to all the conversations they had with UAW President Bob King, avoiding the funding question entirely). Given all that dodging, I think it safe to assume that Dick DeVos just bought the right to force down wages $1,500 for every worker in this state (as right to work legislation has been shown to do in other states).
Democratic legislators are seeking to put the brakes on passage of the law, but it looks like Republicans have the votes and are determined to do this—another Republican state legislature and governor keeping their plans to attack workers quiet during an election, then diving right in as soon as they can. The fact that this is happening during the lame duck session is just a bonus for them.
Emma Sulkowicz is a performance artist living and working in New York City, though most recognize her as the Columbia University student who made headlines her senior year in 2014. Sulkowicz, then a visual arts undergraduate, focused her thesis Mattress Performance (Carry That Weight) on hauling a dorm room twin-size mattress everywhere on campus to protest the university's mishandling of her sexual assault complaint against a fellow student. Sulkowicz and Mattress Performance sparked a national debate about sexual assault on campus. As coverage increased, Sulkowicz—wielding a 50-pound mattress and wearing blue hair, a somber expression, and absolute resolve—became the center of a larger culture war tearing through America.
During Sulkowicz's senior year, the community that we now know consists of the socially conservative, the alt-right, the Trump voter, and the many trolls that fall into the aforementioned categories, made Sulkowicz the symbol of what they believed to be political correctness gone berserk on campus and society at large. For many others, Sulkowicz became a hero. Here was a woman demanding accountability and justice from a society that allows and perpetrates sexual violence.
Since her graduation in May 2015—during which Columbia University president Lee Bollinger refused to shake her hand—Sulkowicz has furiously continued her work as an artist. Soon after, she released Ceci N'est Pas Un Viol, a follow-up to Mattress Performance. Then, she had her first individual gallery show in Los Angeles. For the past year, Sulkowicz has been enrolled in the Whitney Museum's Independent Study Program (ISP) and on May 20th, graduated with a performance at the program's studio exhibition in midtown Manhattan.
'Mattress Performance.' Photo by Andrew Burton via Getty Images
At the Elizabeth Foundation for the Arts Project Space, Sulkowicz's hair was a bright pink. In the second floor gallery, guests milled around looking at various projections, photographs and documents, and other works of art by Sulkowicz's peers. But what provoked the most intrigue was Sulkowicz's tableau: right by the open-bar wine table was a large rug; upon it, a single chair with a seated, bearded man wearing a suit and a tie emblazoned with the Whitney Museum's logo.
Sulkowicz, wearing a black coat and nude high heels, was looking out a nearby window, holding a hot pink Nalgene. Two beams hung from the ceiling. A crowd slowly formed around the artist and her set, including a college-aged girl wearing a handmade T-shirt the read "Team Emma." As the crowd milled about, I heard whispers as people tried to figure out what would happen, and when it might occur.
'The Ship Is Sinking.' Photo by Leila Ettachfini
"What good is art hung on the wall of a sinking ship?" Sulkowicz asks when we first meet three weeks before her performance. She's explaining a Bertolt Brecht essay she read for the Whitney program, wherein he compared the nation to a sinking ship.
"If our country is falling to pieces and you have artists running around saying they're political artists, but really their art is hanging on a sinking ship, the ship is still sinking," Sulkowicz explains. "I was thinking a lot about this—is it really possible for political artists to make work that makes the ship stop from sinking?"
Quickly and without pause, Sulkowicz continues, "The answer is: Whatever. I'm making work about that question."
As Sulkowicz explored that question in relation to performance art, she realized that by design, every sinking ship has a sinking woman on its masthead. "So, I told my classmates I was going to wear an American flag bikini and hang from the wall of the gallery in the shape of a figurehead of a ship, making a statement about the impotence of artwork during our given circumstances."
As she developed this idea, Sulkowicz began incorporating her thoughts on art as an institution. "[I chose] to have a white man tie me up while wearing a business suit with a Whitney necktie, while I wear a Whitney ISP thong bikini," Sulkowicz said. Her intense questioning of art and politics, the two worlds that surround her, resulted in The Ship is Sinking, 2017.
'The Ship Is Sinking.' Photo by Leila Ettachfini
As the performance started, this man in a suit, named Master Avery, started to berate Sulkowicz. "Your boobs are too small," he spat. "You can't even stand up straight." He pulled a long, gnarled rope out of a black leather bag and started tying intricate knots around her upper thigh. Once the knots covered both of Sulkowicz's legs, Master Avery started around her waist, moving her body as he worked quickly. At one point, the rope almost hit Sulkowicz's eye. After a few shocked blinks, she looked up at the audience and laughed.
"We're acting out this sadistic-masochistic relationship between the institution with all of its financial power, and this program that wants to be political but can't be really because it's being tied up by this institution," Sulkowicz explained.
'The Ship Is Sinking.' Photo by Leila Ettachfini
After what seemed like days—but was was really about 45 minutes—Master Avery had completely tied Sulkowicz up to a large wooden beam. Using a pulley system attached to the ceiling, he used his whole body to lift her from the ground, and after a few tries, Sulkowicz was suspended with her arms and legs wrapped around the beam, rendering her immobile. The rope visibly cut into her skin as Master Avery took off his belt and started hitting her with it.
Sulkowicz continued to smile at the audience.
Later, she's taken down from the ceiling but hung back up. The second time around, Master Avery's beatings became more intense. At one point, he called out to the crowd, asking if anyone else wanted to partake. To everyone's surprise, one man in the audience volunteered, walking up to Sulkowicz and slapping her hard across the face.
"Everyone in the audience was shocked," she told me after the performance.
'The Ship Is Sinking.' Photo by Leila Ettachfini
Weeks before, she had disclosed to me that Master Avery was her close friend and a trained professional dominatrix. No one else in the room seemed to know this. While Sulkowicz was tied up during the performance, a distraught audience member walked over to her to ask if she wanted to be untied. Master Avery, noticing this, leaned over to say something to the concerned viewer, and they walked away.
Later, I ran into the concerned viewer in line for the bathroom. They told me that they had just come from a workshop on combating gender violence, and added that there should have been a trigger warning before Sulkowicz's performance. But the viewer was left perturbed and questioning what it meant to be an unsuspecting spectator to such violence against women, taking their time to enunciate and practically spit out the word "violence."
'The Ship Is Sinking.' Photo by Leila Ettachfini
"All of a sudden, all these news reporters and comments sections were experts on rape," Sulkowicz said, describing the initial wave of reactions to Mattress Performance. "They would write things like, if she were a real rape survivor, she would cry more. They had all these conditions for what a real survivor would do."
"Real rape survivors are capable of doing anything," Sulkowicz continued. "Rape survivors are infinitely different people and each one has a different way to handle situations."
"While numerically one in four women are raped," Sulkowicz explained, "that means that three in four are not. Even fewer people are rapists. Most of this world has not ever seen or been involved with rape, but there were so many supposed experts. I thought, why don't I just show you [what rape looks like]."
Released shortly after her 2015, Ceci N'est Pas Un Viol—which translates from French to "this is not a rape"—is a website that displays a trigger warning ("The following text contains allusions to rape") then questions the viewer's reasons for visiting ("Are you searching for proof? Proof of what?") and their predisposed biases ("Do you hate me? If so, how does it feel to hate me?") before playing an eight-minute video. In it, Sulkowicz and an anonymous actor are in a Columbia University dorm room, and engage in consensual kissing, oral, and vaginal sex, before what appears to be non-consensual anal sex. The video stills are jarring and for many, the video is disturbing. Many viewers were left asking: Why? Why did Sulkowicz make this? What is the point?
Screenshot from 'Ceci N'est Pas Un Viol' (2015)
In Ceci N'est Pas Un Viol, Sulkowicz included what prompted the piece's creation in the first place: a comment section. Today, there are more than 5,000 comments underneath the video; an occasional positive one surfacing between the many more disgusting, often ridiculing comments. Sulkowicz consciously made the video a piece of participatory art by providing a forum to incorporate public opinion. What she didn't know while constructing the website was that it would also become an endurance performance: For almost two years now, Sulkowicz has been reading every single comment.
"Historically, performance art has been a very important medium for women of color and queer people," said Sulkowicz. "There's an accessibility to it, it's the only art form that doesn't cost money. Then there's also that women, people of color, queer people, we live embodied histories."
"My body already carries material in it just because of the way I look, it's embedded in my skin," Sulkowicz explained. "White men have the privilege of entire institutions built for their paintings... These paintings are very often abstract. You have people like Pollock splattering a bunch of shit and then saying it's art. It doesn't say anything political and in fact, that actual political statement it does say is: 'I'm a white man and I can do whatever the fuck I want and make a ton of money off of it.'"
'The Ship Is Sinking.' Photo by Leila Ettachfini
Only two years ago, Sulkowicz had accompanied New York Senator Kirsten Gillibrand to the State of the Union Address given by then-President Barack Obama. Gillibrand was working on legislation to combat on-campus sexual assault, and had invited Sulkowicz to the event as her guest. Sulkowicz's mere presence was seen as a triumph for anti-sexual assault advocates.
Today, it's nearly impossible to imagine her being invited to President Trump's State of the Union Address, and when I bring up that scenario, Sulkowicz responds by laughing very hard.
"The fuss we were making back then [about Mattress Performance]," Sulkowicz said. "I would not say it paved the way, but I do think it helped create space for women to come forward with allegations against Trump when he was being elected." The painful reality that more than a dozen sexual assault allegations against Trump had little to no bearing on his ultimate election shows that we "still have so much work to do," Sulkowicz explained. "Our words still don't have political effect or ramifications."
"When I give talks, sometimes I get the question, 'Do you get tired of being a feminist?' People ask me how I can be angry all the time, but I think there is a way that you can find joy in this dissatisfaction with the way things are." Sulkowicz said. "I think that right now, it's more important than ever. Back when I made Mattress Performance, I didn't know it was feminist, I didn't know what it was. Was I just making this art piece? But now, I know how important it is to set an example of [being] outspokenly feminist and angry, and also visibly having a personal life and having fun about it. It's the only way that we can continue to make feminism contagious."
Correction: This story originally gendered a concerned viewer at Emma Sulkowicz's 'The Ship Is Sinking' performance as "she." They use pronouns "they/them." We regret the error.
PUBLISHED DECEMBER 20, 2018: Louisville City Football Club is delighted to announce the closing of the financing for its soccer specific stadium in Butchertown, which will be completed for the 2020 season. Syndicated by Fifth Third Bank, this $50 million financing paves the way for the 11,300-seat anchor in the 35-acre Butchertown Development District.
First Financial Bank, Regions Bank, Limestone Bank, Paducah Bank, Wesbanco Bank, Stock Yards Bank & Trust Company, and Commonwealth Bank and Trust join Fifth Third as lenders in the deal. In addition, Middleton Reutlinger served as counsel to the Club during the transaction.
LouCity President Brad Estes said this about taking a massive next step toward the future:
“Our new stadium is a real sign of progress both for this club and the community at large. For the first time, we will benefit from all the revenue streams associated with professional soccer, which means sustainability for our business model long into the future. We would like to thank all our partners, especially the Mayor's Office and Metro Council, without whom this stadium would not be possible.”
Michael Ash, Market President of Fifth Third Bank, added:
“Fifth Third Bank is proud to serve as the leader in the syndicated bank facility for the Lou City stadium. We remain committed to the development of this community, and it is that vision that drew us to this project. We look forward to a long and fruitful partnership with Louisville City FC, and the city of Louisville.”
An amateur genealogist says that she has found evidence that right-wing pundit Tomi Lahren's great-grandfather was indicted by a grand jury for forging his citizenship papers.
In an essay published at Wonkette.com, Jennifer Mendelsohn said that Lahren's remarks about the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals (DACA) program prompted her to action.
On Wednesday Lahren tweeted, “We are indeed a nation of immigrants. We are also a nation of laws. Respect our laws and we welcome you. If not, bye. #DACA.”
“I was curious how long it would take me to hit an immigrant if I dug into the tree of Tomi Lahren, the platinum blonde, snowflake-hating ultra-conservative firebrand recently hired by Fox News. The answer was ‘not long,'” Mendelsohn wrote, “but I never expected to hit pay dirt quite like I did.”
Tracing through Lahren's parents, then grandparents and great-grandparents, Mendelsohn found that Lahren's great-great-grandfather Constantine — sometimes spelled “Konstantin” — Dietrich was tried before a grand jury in Bismarck, ND for the crimes of forgery of a naturalization document and “willfully, unlawfully and knowingly” giving a false affidavit in conjunction with his naturalization proceedings.
Constantin Dietrich was born in Odessa, Russia in 1887, according to his obituary. He immigrated to the United States at the age of 18 in 1905. He went before a North Dakota grand jury in May of 1917 for violations of the Naturalization Act of 1906.
Mendelsohn wrote, “The grand jurors accused him of swearing falsely to the date of his declaration, and of altering the original papers (‘with a knife or steel eraser or other instrument unknown to the Grand Jurors') to make it look like his declaration of intention to become a citizen had been executed in 1911 rather than 1909, apparently because he'd let too much time elapse before completing the naturalization process.”
Ultimately, the jurors took pity on Dietrich and acquitted him of the charges. Mendelsohn said that he went on to become a citizen in 1926, ensuring that “90-odd years later, his great-great-grandaughter would be here to compare the Black Lives Matter movement to the KKK and to inadvertently admit that the right keeps hammering on Hillary's emails to distract from the Russia investigation.”
“I bring this to light not to shame or embarrass Tomi Lahren. Poke any family tree and you'll often find similar irregularities. It doesn't necessarily mean that Constantin Dietrich was a bad person or a scorn-worthy ‘illegal' to be demonized. Perhaps it only means that like millions of others, his overweening desire to become a US citizen may have caused him to try to cut a corner or two,” Mendelsohn said.
She concluded, “It means it's pretty damn ironic that she continues to claim the moral high ground on this one, throwing stone after stone at illegal immigrants, unaware that she's been living in a proverbial glass house all along.”
Lahren was hired to host her own Fox News show after being fired from TheBlaze.com for pro-choice comments she made during a visit to ABC's “The View.”
Read Mendelsohn's full essay and follow the trail of her research here.
Airline says no personal information viewed or stolen and it has frozen affected accounts while it resolves issue
Hackers have accessed tens of thousands of British Airways frequent-flyer accounts.
The airline said no personal information had been viewed or stolen and it had frozen affected accounts while it resolves the issue. It means top executive club flyers may not be able to use their points until the issue is resolved.
The airline said only a small proportion of its millions of customers were affected, and no names, addresses, bank details or other personal information had been accessed. BA apologised to customers and said it expected to have the system back up and running in the next day or so.
It is not known who was behind the hack, but it is believed to have been carried out by an automated computer program looking for vulnerabilities in the company's online security systems.
A BA spokesman said: “British Airways has become aware of some unauthorised activity in relation to a small number of frequent-flyer executive club accounts. This appears to have been the result of a third party using information obtained elsewhere on the internet, via an automated process, to try to gain access to some accounts.
“We would like to reassure customers that at this stage we are not aware of any access to any subsequent information pages within accounts, including travel histories or payment-card details.
“We are sorry for the concern and inconvenience this matter has caused and would like to reassure customers that we are taking this incident seriously and have taken a number of steps to lock down accounts so they can no longer be accessed.”
WASHINGTON -- Dating can be tricky. Are things moving too fast? What are your potential partner's views on marriage? Are they as frustrated as you that the top one-tenth of 1 percent of Americans has almost as much wealth as the bottom 90 percent?
Luckily, Bernie Singles offers the solution to those romantic (and political) concerns. The dating site for fans of Democratic presidential candidate Bernie Sanders has attracted more than 1,500 single democratic socialists looking for love.
The idea for the website arose from the Facebook group Bernie Sanders' Dank Meme Singles. After seeing how the group brought together a community of Sanders fans, Bernie Singles co-founder Colten Caudle, 19, joined forces with David Boni, 22, to create a dating site for people looking to meet soul mates who are feeling the Bern.
"I originally joked about making the site, but after seeing interest, I decided to take on the project," Caudle, a political science student at Arizona State University, told The Huffington Post by email.
Colten Caudle, the 19-year-old co-founder of the Bernie Singles dating site.
Caudle can point to his own success story of finding love through his passion for the Vermont senator and online networking. Through the Bernie Facebook page, Caudle connected in early February with Sadie Marie Jensen, a 20-year-old dog trainer from the Portland, Oregon, area.
A dating site specific to your favorite candidate "makes it much easier to connect with someone who shares your political views," said Caudle. "Knowing that someone else is a Bernie supporter instantly gives you plenty in common, and with Bernie in the news more often now, gives you plenty to talk about!”
The couple have yet to meet in person, but said they have been dating exclusively since Feb. 2. And they credit Sanders for bringing them together.
"I believe that Sanders supporters really come together due to the fact that we all share a lot of love and compassion for our fellow Americans, whether or not we share similar stances," Jensen told HuffPost.
Sadie Marie Jensen Sadie Marie Jensen, who met Colten Caudle on the Facebook group "Bernie Sanders' Dank Meme Singles."
"Strong-willed," "determined," "honest" and "empathetic" are among the words Jensen used to describe Sanders supporters -- including her new beau.
“Many of these qualities that Colten shares are really what swept me off my feet so quickly. I have never met such a gentleman in my life! He has a good heart,” Jensen said.
Caudle and Jensen have plans to meet face-to-face this March and have a second visit planned for April.
"It's definitely a budding relationship, but we both agree that there is a real connection and it could become something much bigger," Caudle said.
﻿Also on HuffPost:
As an expert in writing – okay, I just made that up (count how many times I break my own rules below) – I thought that I would write a list of the top 10 ways to improve your writing. These rules apply to writing on paper or for the internet. You can be sure that you will see a dramatic improvement in your writing by following these simple rules. In no particular order: (yes – I know that isn't a sentence).
1. Activate your sentences
By avoiding the use of passives in your sentences, you can give strength to your words. Passive verbs include “is”, “were”, “was”, “could have”, “would have”, and so on. Take this sentences for example:
The mouse was eaten by the cat (“was eaten” is in the passive voice). A better sentenced would be:
The cat ate the mouse (“ate” is in the active voice).
You can remember this difference easily by recognizing the subject and object of the sentence: the cat is the subject, the mouse is the object. If the subject is “doing” the verb (in this case “to eat”) then the sentence is in the active voice. If the subject is not the actor, it is in the passive voice. Unfortunately for us English speakers, we have almost lost the clear differentiation between subject and object that other languages have, so you must think harder to determine the subject and object. The difference does remain in a few words, for example who (subjective) and whom (objective), I (subjective) and me (objective).
2. Abolish Index words
You should avoid index works whenever possible. Index words are “this”, “that”, “these”, etc. Here is an example that better illustrates the point:
The American colonials went to war with England. They hoped to achieve independence through doing this.
The sentence above would be better rendered:
The American colonials went to war with England. They hoped to achieve independence on the battlefield.
I realize that the sentence above is not the finest prose around, but it illustrates the point. The second sentence is stronger than the first.
3. Kill the Romance
This may be a controversial point, but I strongly believe (as do many people) that, whenever possible, you should avoid the use of words that have come from the Romance languages (languages that have their roots in Latin – Spanish, French, Portuguese, Italian, and Romanian). Our language grew over the years by taking bits and pieces from other languages – some Romance, and some Germanic; in fact, most Romance words have a Germanic counterpart. Germanic words tend to feel stronger and give more weight to your writing. Here is an example:
The British attempted to destroy the Colonial uprising in America. (Attempt, and destroy both have romance origins.)
A better sentence would be:
The British fought to crush the Colonial uprising in America. (Fought, and crush are both germanic in origin.)
The second sentence is much stronger than the first. Sometimes it can be difficult to find a Germanic equivalent, but you can normally do so with a good thesaurus in hand.
4. Rephrase for Clarity
Sometimes a sentence misbehaves – it just doesn't seem to fit, or feel right. When this happens, take the sentence and re-arrange it. First off, mark the important points of the sentence, then rewrite it so that you don't lose the core of what you are saying. For example:
Machiavelli mentions having common sense , being practical , and he talks about appearances being important in that one should look a certain way but not necessarily act that way .
You can make this sentence much better by re-arranging it:
For Machiavelli, the “Qualities of a Prince” include: having commonsense, being practical, and constructing proper appearances.
The sentence becomes much stronger (like the examples in the previous items) and your readers can grasp the meaning without trouble.
5. De-clutter your Sentences
This is similar to point 4, but rather than just re-arranging, we are removing all the unnecessary weeds. It is important to practice this skill because it will come in handy when we get to point 10. Here is a badly written sentence:
The last thing Machiavelli mentions is that one should always be ready to take on arms. He means ready to take arms as in a physical manner. A physical manner meaning with guns and fighters who are ready for battle.
Yuck. While you can understand the sentence, it uses far too many words to get its point across. How about this alternative:
For Machiavelli, one should always be ready to take on arms, to do battle physically.
Get free shipping, thousands of movies, and millions of streaming songs with a FREE trial of Amazon Prime at Amazon.com!
6. Control the flow
If your sentence has a complex structure, it can be difficult to read. When you find yourself skimming text, this is probably the cause. Take this example:
Machiavelli's essay demonstrated what the qualities of an effective ruler should be, however, he forgot about how the common people would react to these qualities .
Here is an improved sentence:
Machiavelli's essay demonstrated what the qualities of an effective ruler should be, however, he neglected the common people's reaction.
7. Dead Sentences
Like the plague, avoid sentences that are dead before they even begin. Here is an example:
It is often said that……., and how about:
It can be…, and
We can surmise…
Sentences like this put you off immediately. Your readers will simply not want to go on when they come up against these brick walls. How do you fix this?
It can be advantageous to take an umbrella when visiting London.
Fixed, this sentence might read:
When you visit London, take an umbrella.
when you read the second sentence, it is like a breath of fresh air compared to the first!
8. Short Sentences
Keep your sentences short. Long sentences are boring. Short sentences keep your readers interested. Short sentences promote clarity. Clarity is vital in a good sentence. Okay, that was taking it to the extreme, but the facts remain, shorter sentences do tend to promote cleaner writing, and cleaner writing promotes happy readers. Remember, you should not consider these rules to be absolute; some great writers have broken all of these rules to great effect. Here is a famous breach of this rule:
She had got up with these last words; she stood there before him with that particular suggestion in her aspect to which even the long habit of their life together had not closed his sense, kept sharp, year after year, by the collation of types and signs, the comparison of fine object with fine object, of one degree of finish, of one form of the exquisite with another–the appearance of some slight, slim draped “antique” of Vatican or Capitoline halls, late and refined, rare as a note and immortal as a link, set in motion by the miraculous infusion of a modern impulse and yet, for all the sudden freedom of folds and footsteps forsaken after centuries by their pedestal, keeping still the quality, the perfect felicity, of the statue; the blurred, absent eyes, the smoothed, elegant, nameless head, the impersonal flit of a creature lost in an alien age and passing as an image in worn relief round and round a precious vase. [Henry James, The Golden Bowl, 165 words.]
If you think that is bad, you should check out Book IV of Proust's In Rememberance of Things Past, which has a sentence with an incredible 958 words. Having said that, don't do it.
9. Punctuation and Speeling
please” Use: correct' punctuation in. you're Sentences!. Check Your Spelling Too! Bad punctuation can ruin brilliant writing. Always capitalize correctly (and don't bother mentioning Cummings – he knew the rules before he broke them). The internet is the worst place for this crime, but you do see it in the written word too. You should start off with a spelling checker on your computer, and then revise with your own eyes. Only your eyes will pick up errors in “its,” “it's,” “to,” “too,” and other grammar horrors of English.
10. Revision
Have you noticed that many of these examples have been about reducing the amount of text you have written? They are all leading to this final point: revision. In fact, it should be “revise, then revise, then revise again”. You must revise at least three times. More is better. Every time you revise, you should remove something. D. H. Lawrence once said that for every 100 pages he writes, 90 are junk. If you write a 1,000-word essay, the chances are that at least 3/4 of it can be removed. This is the same for fiction and non-fiction. Sylvia Plath pored over her poems for hours with a thesaurus and dictionary, removing anything but the essential parts of her work.
If you work on a computer, do your first revision on screen. You should then print your work and do the second revision on paper. Use a pen to mark the problem areas. After you have read the text in your mind and made your marks, go over it again but read it out loud and make extra marks. Now make the changes to the original and reprint it. Re-read it (in your head, then aloud) making more marks if you need to. Repeat this process until you do not need to make any more changes. You will be amazed at how much junk you find. No one writes perfectly in the first draft (except maybe William Burroughs, but then one can easily debate the meaning of perfect in relation to his writing).
Technorati Tags: writing
Follow us on Facebook or subscribe to our daily or weekly newsletter so you don't miss out on our latest lists.
Berkeley police arrested three men and a woman after a robbery at a Southside Berkeley market Monday evening.
Police got a report at about 6:45 p.m. about a robbery at the shop, in the 2200 block of Durant Avenue, not far from the UC Berkeley campus.
According to Berkeley Police Sgt. Andrew Frankel, several people went into a shop and stole numerous items.
“When they were confronted by the employee, one of the male suspects threw a can of Red Bull at her,” Frankel said.
The group fled in a 90s-model Nissan sedan.
A responding officer spotted the car at Bancroft Way heading west toward Fulton Street.
Police initiated a felony car stop on Shattuck Avenue just north of University Avenue in downtown Berkeley. (Several readers witnessed the stop and asked Berkeleyside to find out why so many officers were on the scene.)
Frankel said police found items from the store in the Nissan.
Police identified its occupants as Terenia Richardson and Tyger Livingston, both 18, 20-year-old James Hamlin and 21-year-old Elonzo Reed. Richardson and Hamlin are from Antioch. Livingston and Reed are from San Pablo.
Hamlin and Richardson remain at Berkeley Jail on $50,000 bail on suspicion of robbery. Livingston is being held at Berkeley Jail with a bail of $75,000 on suspicion of robbery and bringing a controlled substance into the facility. And Reed appears to have had an outstanding $50,000 warrant related to carrying a loaded firearm in public. He is also being held on $50,000 bail in connection with the robbery.
Their next court appearance was not listed in Alameda County sheriff's office records online.
Have a question about a local public safety incident? Write to crime@berkeleyside.com. Photographs and videos are always appreciated.
Follow Berkeleyside on Twitter and Facebook or get the latest news in your inbox with Berkeleyside's Daily Briefing. Email us at tips@berkeleyside.com. Support independent local journalism by becoming a Berkeleyside member.
Massachusetts is poised to become the first state in the nation to force retailers to prominently display graphic warnings about the perils of smoking right where cigarettes are sold — at tobacco sales racks and next to cash registers.
Images of ominously darkened lungs, damaged brains, and diseased teeth could start appearing before the end of the year in more than 9,000 convenience stores, pharmacies, and gas stations, if a proposal by the state Department of Public Health is approved as expected. Other posters would direct smokers to where they can get help to stamp out their habit.
Retailers who refuse to display the signs within 2 feet of tobacco displays and cash registers could face fines of $100 to $300.
A retail industry group reacted yesterday with dismay, arguing that cramped corner stores are already burdened by too many regulatory dictums.
The initiative needs the approval of the state Public Health Council — an appointed panel of doctors, disease trackers, and consumer activists — but board members yesterday expressed unequivocal support. Since the 1990s, Massachusetts has been at the vanguard of US efforts to reduce tobacco use, the leading cause of preventable deaths in the United States.
The signs are modeled on a nothing-left-to-the-imagination campaign in New York City, where signs showing the health effects of smoking began sprouting in 11,500 shops last December. Massachusetts health authorities provided copies of the New York City posters as an illustration of what their campaign will look like.
“If somebody is trying to quit smoking and they go back to the store and they're tempted — oh, just one pack — we hope this will help them make a different choice,'' said Lois Keithly, director of the Massachusetts Tobacco Cessation and Prevention Program.
The campaign is being underwritten by $316,000 in federal stimulus money from the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, which will allow the state to provide the materials to retailers without charge. Because the posters will be produced by outside vendors, a spokeswoman for the state Department of Public Health said, it conforms to the intent of the stimulus law, providing jobs in a sour economy.
Graphic images portraying the damage wrought by smoking have been a hallmark of antismoking campaigns in Europe for years. But, in the United States, admonitions on cigarette packs and at stores have tended to rely on words rather than pictures.
“And they're just very ineffective at this point,'' said Eileen Sullivan, policy director for the state's tobacco control program.
Mark Kettl sent NBC 7 the following video taken by his daughter Megan. She had been hiking with a friend along Torrey Pines Tuesday morning when they came across a rattlesnake. (Published Tuesday, April 18, 2017)
San Diego's beautiful weather this week is bringing many people out to the hiking trails.
But one couple found themselves face to face with a surprise guest--a large rattlesnake.
The couple was hiking at Torrey Pines Tuesday afternoon when they encountered the snake.
In the video, the rattlesnake can be seen slithering out of a brush area one side of the trail to the other.
The video was sent to NBC 7 by the young woman's father, Mark Kettl.
According to the Torrey Pines State Natural Reserve website, rattlesnakes are very common near the trails and are more active on warmer days
The website states: "While visitors are unlikely to encounter a rattlesnake, they should always watch where they are walking, the same precaution as in all undeveloped areas in Southern California."
CELEBRATIONS for the A-League's 10th season are about to ramp up in earnest, and to kick-start the hype, we've put together a possible greatest XI from the competition's opening decade.
It's no easy feat putting aside personal preferences and state allegiances, while trying to split wildly talented players like Alessandro del Piero, Shinji Ono, Carlos Hernandez, Marcos Flores and Steve Corica, who have entertained us over the A-League's opening 10 seasons.
But, that's part of the fun.
After some heated debate around the Fox Sports offices, here's our nomination for the greatest A-League team of all time, considering: individual accolades, the success of their team, longevity and impact on the competition, as well as their impact on the Socceroos from within the A-League.
And what about the duds? While we were at it, we've had a laugh at some of the imports to have flopped in the competition with our ‘worst A-League imports XI' as well.
Have your say on both sides in the comment fields below.
GOALKEEPER
Selection: Michael Theo (Brisbane Roar)
Honourable mentions: Eugene Galekovic, Ante Covic, Mat Ryan, Clint Bolton
Theo is the undisputed grand final king of the A-League, with two titles at Melbourne Victory, and three at Brisbane Roar. With the exception of Clint Bolton, Mat Ryan and Ante Covic, he's split the goalkeeper of the year award with Galekovic over the decade as they've set competition's yardstick.
Roar keeper Michael Theo ready. Source: News Corp Australia
DEFENCE
Selection: Ivan Franjic (Brisbane Roar), Kevin Muscat (Melbourne Victory), Patrick Zwaanswijk (Central Coast), Cassio (Adelaide)
Honourable mentions: Sasa Ognenovksi (Aelaide/Brisbane/Sydney), Alex Wilkinson (Central Coast), Josh Rose (Central Coast), Nikolai Topor-Stanley (Wanderers/Sydney/Jets/Perth), Mathew Spiranovic (Wanderers), Michael Thwaite (Perth/Victory)
Muscat is synonymous with the A-League and although his highlight reel features good, bad and very ugly, it's hard to look at the competition's history without him at the forefront. At right-back, Franjic's consistency during Brisbane's success has seen him break through to a World Cup squad, while Cassio, the Brazilian who has become a fixture on the left side of Adelaide United's XI, has endeared himself to the faithful at Coopers Stadium.
Mariners Patrick Zwaanswijk scores in the grand final. Source: News Limited
In his early years, he was a dynamite attacking force as well. There's a catalogue of decent Ausrtalians who have impressed at various stages in the heart of the defence – but Zwaanswijk, despite playing the final years of his career in Australia, was a pillar of excellence as the Mariners finally broke through for a championship win.
A possible A-League all time XI. Source: FOX SPORTS
DEFENSIVE MIDFIELD
Selection: Mile Jedinak (Central Coast), Matt McKay (Brisbane)
Honourable mention: Mark Milligan (Sydney/Jets/Victory), Erik Paartalu (Roar/City), John Hutchinson (Mariners)
Two Aussie skippers collide. Source: News Limited
As the Socceroos skipper flourishes with the armband for country, as well as EPL club Crystal Palace, it's sometimes easy to forget how far he's come. He is the ultimate success story for the competition; overlooked in year one, before being plucked from the NSW Premier League by Lawrie McKinna. From Socceroos selection to a move abroad to Turkey, then England, we've watched every step unfold in a great A-League yarn. McKay's Socceroos success is a similar accolade for the competition. Here since day one, he was the skipper and heart of the engine room in Ange Postecoglou's juggernaut and although a foray overseas was only brief, he returned to enjoy premiership success once again last year and is on the cusp of 150 A-League appearances. All this while carving out an international career based on his A-League exploits – an incredible work rate, neat technique and tireless work ethic.
ATTACKING MIDFIELD ‘THREE'
Selections: Archie Thompson (Melbourne Victory), Shinji Ono (Western Sydney Wanderers), Thomas Broich (Brisbane Roar)
Honourable mentions: Carlos Hernandez (Victory), Alessandro del Piero (Sydney FC), Steve Corica (Sydney FC), Marcelo Carrusca (Adelaide United), Marcos Flores (Adelaide/Victory/Mariners/Jets), Marco Rojas (Phoenix/Victory), Travis Dodd (Adelaide/Perth), Fred (Victory/Heart), Nicky Carle (Jets/Sydney FC)
Two of these three players picked themselves. Archie Thompson is the competition's leading all-time scorer who scored five in one grand final and has some of the league's most iconic moments on his CV. The other is Thomas Broich, who would arguably be in almost every decent judge's XI, with many dubbing the German maestro not only their favourite player to watch, but the best import we've ever had.
Western Sydney Wanderers' Shinji Ono. Source: News Corp Australia
Then there's the No.10 decision, with the selection of Shinji Ono far from unanimous and more like trying to split hairs. In the end, the Japanese marquee got the nod thanks to his role as a key cog, the x-factor, in a Wanderers fairytale that made successive grand finals in their first two seasons – a quite extraordinary accomplishment, achieved while he captured hearts and minds with his endearing personality.
But then there's del Piero, the marquee who was bigger than the game and who saw the A-League's appeal explode internationally and across the country. His show reel was stunning and he was often a one-man band – but – Sydney FC underachieved in the two years he was there.
Carlos Hernandez was a Victory favourite. Source: News Limited
When the discussions open, we expect plenty to also vote for 2009-2010 Johnny Warren Medal winner Carlos Hernandez, or the 2010-2011 recipient Marcos Flores, while we mustn't forget one of the competition's early flag bearers Steve Corica, a returning Socceroo who was Sydney FC's most influential player for many years.
Thomas Broich of Brisbane Roar FC with the Johnny Warren Medal. Source: News Corp Australia
STRIKER
Selection: Shane Smeltz (Wellington, Gold Coast, Perth, Sydney)
Honourable mentions: Besart Berisha (Brisbane/Victory), Sergio van Dijk (Brisbane/Adelaide), Alex Brosque (Sydney FC/Brisbane), Mark Bridge (Newcastle/Sydney/Wanderers), Joel Griffiths (Newcastle), Daniel McBreen (Central Coast), Adam Taggart (Newcastle Jets), Dwight Yorke (Sydney FC).
In pure figures, Smeltz gets the nod, even though the player himself admits the move to Moore Park is to add a coveted title to his individual accolades, which include being golden boot in consecutive seasons but with two different clubs (Wellington, Gold Coast) and a Johnny Warren Medal in 2009. He also has the most hat-tricks (four). Many will opt for Berisha, the combustible but outstanding Albanian who could sway the balance of power in the competition this year with his move from Brisbane to Victory.
Shane Smeltz will bring his exploits to Sydney this term. Source: News Limited
Honourable mentions also have to go to fellow golden boot winners Taggart (2014), McBreen (2013), van Dijk (2011), Griffiths (2008) and Danny Allsopp (2007). The award was split four ways in year one, between Thompson, Brosque, Bobby Despotovski and Stewart Petrie.
SUBSTITUTES
12. Eugene Galekovic (Adelaide)
13. Besart Berisha (Brisbane)
14. Carlos Hernandez (Victory/Wellington)
15. Alessandro del Piero (Sydney FC)
16. Steve Corica (Sydney FC)
One of the early flag bearers. Source: News Limited
MANAGER
Selection: Ange Postecoglou
Honourable mentions: Ernie Merrick, Graham Arnold, Tony Popovic
Back-to-back titles, with an Australian record undefeated run in the middle of it, playing a breathtaking style rockets Postecoglou to the top of the pile, but the other three nominees headline a group of mentors who have added to the fabric of the competition by helming famous sides.
Matt Smith with Ange Postecoglou. Source: News Limited
The WORST FOREIGNERS XI
William Gallas. Source: News Limited
While reflecting on the good, what about the bad? Especially in the early years, there have been some slightly dubious recruiting decisions - both in terms of being of great pedigree, but simply being underwhelming, and being, well, simply, not very good.
Here are some of our favourites:
Goalkeeper: Tony Warner (Trinidad & Tobago/Wellington)
Defence: William Gallas (France/Perth), Ubay Luzardo (Spain/Victory), Bob Malcolm (Scotland/Roar), Mateo Corbo (Uruguay/Jets)
Midfield: Ben Collett (England/NZ Knights), Steve McMahon Jr (England/Perth), Hamza Mohammed (Ghana/NZ Knights), Michael Enfield (USA, Sydney FC)
Forwards: Brian Deane (England,/Perth), Mario Jardel (Brazil/Newcastle)
12. Leandro Love (Brazil/Victory)
13. Yuning Zhang (China/Roar)
14. John Sutton (England/Mariners)
15. Alessandro (Brazil/Victory)
16. Ricardinho (Brazil/Victory)
This House is a mess, and John Boehner has had quite enough of it.
Boehner, the Republican House Speaker from Ohio, offered a sharp lesson in decorum to lawmakers on Wednesday, scolding them to stop bustling about the well of the chamber during speeches, stop taking photos during House business, and stop being late to votes, darn it!
Boehner also reminded members of the importance of wearing "appropriate business attire during all sittings of the House, however brief their appearance on the floor might be."
He didn't name names, but he didn't have to. "You know who you are," he said, sweeping a schoolmarm's glare across the chamber as members chuckled.
"Following these basic standards of practice will foster an atmosphere of mutual and institutional respect and will insure against personal confrontation amongst individual members, between members, and the presiding officer," the speaker concluded. "The chair appreciates the members' attention to these matters."
Some of the money in a budget bill sitting on the Governor's desk could help advance the creation of a new lake in north-central Missouri.
The East Locust Creek Water Reservoir Project has been ongoing for many years. It would create a 2,300 acre, 7 mile long lake north of Milan in Sullivan County. $4 million in HB 19 would go toward that project.
North Central Missouri Regional Water Commission General Manager Brad Scott says that reservoir is critically needed in a part of the state where wells can't meet the water needs.
“There are a lot of folks suffering from a water shortage. We came extremely close – within days – of running out of water in certain communities in Missouri. Fortunately God smiled upon us and the heavens opened, and the drought was broken.”
If approved by the Governor, that money would go toward the acquisition of land. Scott says of the 4,300 total acres needed for the project about 2,200 has been acquired. He says that could propel the project to begin construction by 2017 and have the lake fully operational and providing water by 2019.
Scott says while the new lake would be a water supply first and foremost, it will also provide a new attraction in north-central Missouri.
“Much of the job creation that will occur will come from recreational use. This lake will be a public lake that will look and act like a private lake. There will be homes around it, we will sell easements across our property to the water for docks, we will sell dock licenses for folks who live on the water's edge … I say and believe that it will fundamentally change the economy of north-central Missouri for 100 years.”
Representative Casey Guernsey (R-Bethany) is one of the lawmakers that lobbied to get that money included in HB 19. He says the recreational benefits will be a good residual, but the real importance is the water supply for the farmers in the 10 counties it will serve.
“It's necessary. From a survival standpoint and being able to retain the industry that they have and meet the demand that the municipalities have, it's a must-have.”
The Water Commission testified to the House Budget Committee asking to receive $10 million from a proposed bonding initiative that was not approved by the legislature this year. Scott isn't sure whether the Commission would ask for similar consideration if that proposal is raised again in the 2014 legislative session.
“We may have our finance plan laid in by that time. Certainly if we do not it would be a wonderful option for us to have.”
Governor Jay Nixon has not acted on HB 19. That proposal was just delivered to his office on Wednesday. Nixon has objected to another portion of the bill that would spend $38 million on a new state office building at the site of the decommissioned Missouri State Penitentiary in Jefferson City, but he has the option to strike out that portion of the bill rather than veto it entirely.
The identification number is seen written on a woman's hand as she rests after disembarking from the British assault ship HMS Bulwark at the Sicilian port of Catania, Italy, June 8, 2015. REUTERS/Antonio Parrinello
ROME (Reuters) - The international relief organization Medecins Sans Frontieres is to halt its services helping migrants in parts of Sicily, saying on Wednesday Italian officials had failed to provide adequate working conditions.
MSF said in a statement it would end its medical activities at a first reception center in Pozzallo and its psychological support projects in secondary reception centers in the area.
It said conditions no longer existed “for an effective collaboration with authorities” and called for a long-term response to the medical and humanitarian needs of migrants, refugees and asylum seekers in the center.
“Local or national authorities have so far shown no concrete sign of improvement or a political willingness to improve, raising concerns that a structurally inadequate model of reception may well become the norm in Italy,” MSF said.
The Interior Ministry said it had no comment on the withdrawal.
About 15,000 of the 150,000 migrants who arrived in Italy in 2015 came through the port of Pozzallo.
MSF said it would continue helping migrants in centers elsewhere in Sicily and on mainland Italy.
A Moroccan man has been killed in southern France in an apparent Islamophobic attack.
© AP Photo / David Vincent France's Freedom of Speech Challenged In Wake of Charlie Hebdo Attacks
MOSCOW, January 17 (Sputnik) — Mohamed El Makouli died near the French city of Avignon on Wednesday, when an attacker rushed into the victim's house in the village of Beaucet, shouting “I am your god, I am your Islam” before stabbing the man 17 times, the National Observatory Against Islamophobia said, according to the AFP news agency.
Avignon prosecutors have already charged the 28-year-old assailant with "murder, attempted murder and possession of drugs."
"The Islamophobic aspect will be investigated when we interview this boy who claims to have heard voices," a spokesman said.
National Observatory Against Islamophobia head Abdallah Zekri, for his part, condemned the assault "as a horrible Islamophobic attack," which came just a week after France was stunned by the Charlie Hebdo killings.
Meanwhile, French Justice Minister Christiane Taubira has said that the government is considering tightening laws against racism and anti-Semitism.
Additionally, the government is seeking to give the authorities powers to block Internet hate sites "as already happens with ones that carry child pornography," Taubira said.
The past seven days have seen at least 50 anti-Muslim incidents including attacks on mosques in France, according to the country's Central Council of Muslims.
Pin 0 Shares
It took some time, but our mortgage refinance is done. It was a TRUE no-cost refinance, which don't come around very often. We really did not pay a penny for it or anything associated with it. The last time we got a no-cost refi was in 2008.
We refinanced from a 20-year fixed at 4.625% to a 5-year ARM / 30 year at 3.25% — dropping our interest rate by 1.375%. It also dropped our required monthly payment to around $215 a month.
Yeah, that's a ridiculously low monthly payment. That's part of the appeal of adjustable rate mortgages that start at very low rates, I guess.
Why we chose an ARM
While I wouldn't normally think adjustable rate mortgages were a good idea, as with anything it's important to consider the individual situation before making a decision. In our case, worst-case scenario is that we'll have the mortgage paid off before it adjusts for the first time 5 years from now.
Which brings me to the real reason our payment is so low: our mortgage balance is also very low. We've been working hard to get it paid off completely, and it shows, because we don't have that much left to go. We ended up borrowing $49,500.
Tying up loose ends
$1324.50 of that will be immediately applied as a principal reduction. The difference between what we borrowed and what we owed was due to a last-minute discovery. The credit union's calculation of what we needed to borrow to didn't take into account the fact that we'd already paid our taxes and insurance, so they needed to give us a credit (which we opted to have go straight to principal.) It pays to go over the HUD-1 form carefully and question anything you're unsure of.
I'm happy with our refinancing because we'll be paying less in interest — and every little bit of savings helps. That will help us to pay off the mortgage ASAP, because even more will go to principal as we continue to pay our old monthly payment (+ extra amounts).
0
As I have said many times, while this summer is loaded with huge movies like Iron Man 3, Fast and Furious 6, Pacific Rim, Star Trek Into Darkness, World War Z, White House Down, and so many others, the one at the top of my list is Zack Snyder‘s Man of Steel. Written by Davis S. Goyer and produced by Christopher Nolan, I really believe this is the Superman film we've been waiting for and everything I've seen and learned tells me it's going to be one hell of a ride. In addition, I've spoken to a few people that have seen the film and everyone is raving. June 14th cannot arrive soon enough.
A few weeks ago I spoke to Goyer for his new Starz show Da Vinci's Demons, and asked for his reaction to seeing the film for the first time and if it was everything he hoped it would be. He told me, “Yes, yes. I was very happy.” In addition to Goyer, I recently spoke to Legenday Pictures CEO Thomas Tull for their new film 42. With Legendary producing Man of Steel with Warner Bros. I knew Tull must have also seen the film, so I also asked his reaction. He told me, “It's the Superman movie I've always wanted to see.” Hit the jump for more.
Obviously Tull has a strong financial interest in speaking highly about Man of Steel. But, again, let me say, I've spoken to people that aren't studio heads about Man of Steel and all I'm hearing is fantastic things. I really think Man of Steel is going to be a towering home-run. I'm seriously counting the days to June 14th.
Here's everything that Tull said about Man of Steel. If you missed what we talked about regarding Godzilla and Pacific Rim, click here. Look for more with Tull tomorrow.
Collider: Even though Pacific Rim is near the top, my number one film of the summer, the one that I am counting the days until, is Man of Steel. It means a lot to me. I've heard that you guys have maybe shown the film on the lot to certain people and the reaction has been very strong. I'm definitely curious what was your reaction when you saw the rough cut or the first screening of it?
Tull: It's the Superman movie I've always wanted to see. I think the job that Zack Snyder did along with Chris Nolan- I think that people are going to be very, very excited about the results. The acting, on top of all the incredible action- Kevin Costner playing Jonathan Kent, Russell Crowe, Diane Lane, just the cast, and I think the job Henry Cavill did, people are going to really be excited about it. It was a privilege to be a part of and Warner Brothers does a phenomenal job of bringing these things to life, Batman and Superman, and it really is a privilege for us to be a part of.
I had issues with the last Superman movie, and I think for me it was because I never got to see superman punch anyone in the face. I wanted to see Superman be Superman, and when I interviewed Zack before filming started I asked him point blank, “Will we see superman punch someone in the face?” He smiled and sort of wouldn't answer because he said it would be a spoiler, but I've heard he punches someone in the face. Can you confirm this?
Tull: [Pauses] I can tell you that I think you're going to enjoy the movie very, very much.
For more on Man of Steel including the first TV spot, click here. To see Snyder's answer when I asked him if Superman will punch someone in the face in Man of Steel, click here.
Bernie Sanders resumed slapping at his Democratic rival Hillary Clinton with a little prodding from late night host Jimmy Kimmel.
Sanders stopped by the studios of Jimmy Kimmel Live! in Hollywood only to be shown a clip from Clinton's interview last week with CNN's Chris Cuomo where she declared, 'I will be the nominee for my party ... That is already done.'
Sanders scoffed and muttered, 'Just a tinge arrogance there I think.'
He then waged a fresh attack after barely mentioning his rival at his packed rallies over the last several days.
'The people of Indiana a couple of weeks ago, the people of West Virginia, the people of Oregon, who gave us a pretty good victory, don't quite agree with Secretary Clinton's assessment and we split Kentucky,' Sanders said of his string of recent wins.
'And I kind of think that on June 7 the people of California will have a message for Secretary Clinton,' Sanders warned.
Scroll down for video
Sen. Bernie Sanders joined Jimmy Kimmel for a taping today in Hollywood while on a Southern California swing before the state's pivotal June 7 primary
Sen. Bernie Sanders credited Jimmy Kimmel for facilitating a proposed debate between himself and presumptive Republican nominee Donald Trump
Bernie Sanders also used the television appearance to again hit Hillary Clinton, calling out her 'arrogance' for proclaiming last week on CNN that she was already the Democratic nominee
Last night the Los Angeles-based late night show set the scene for the political news of the day.
Kimmel had Donald Trump on as his guest and presented the Donald with a question from Sanders, knowing the two presidential hopefuls would be appearing on back-to-back shows.
Sanders wanted to know if Trump would step up to the plate and debate him, after the news broke that Clinton had backed out of a California confab, a move Sanders said tonight was 'kind of insulting to people in the largest state in the United States of America.'
California is also the most delegate-rich.
As for the debate proposition, Trump said yes with conditions, while Sanders expressed an eagerness too.
For Sanders, whose small dollar donations have dwindled as Clinton has marched closer to the nomination, it's free media time in an important market that he badly needs.
For Trump, who no longer has primary opponents, it keeps him fully in the political conversation as he looks forward toward the general election.
Kimmel, introducing Sanders as the 'most popular 74-year-old in the United States' and the 'biggest name to come out of Burlington since the coat factory,' sought credit for what he had done.
'You made it possible for us to have a very interesting debate,' Sanders stated.
The self--proclaimed democratic socialist said it would be between 'two guys who look at the world very, very differently.'
Bernie Sanders has vowed to fight on and told Jimmy Kimmel on tonight's show that the people of California would send a 'message' to Hillary Clinton for jumping the gun on the nomination
Repeating what he said earlier today on the campaign trail, Sanders said the 'goal would be to have them in some big stadium here in California,' saying that some networks, including Kimmel's home base of ABC, have expressed interest in airing what could be must-see TV.
'I feel like I should be the moderator of this debate, right?' Kimmel suggested during the broadcast.
The host also presented Sanders with Trump's question.
'Dear Crazy Bernie, Will you run [as] a third-party communist against Crooked Hillary or are you a coward and a loser? Signed, President Trump,' Kimmel read off a notecard.
The comedian then laughed, saying that wasn't really it.
'He asks, "Bernie, you have been treated very unfairly. Both primary systems are rigged, but in particular the Democrats ridiculous system of superdelegates. Will you run as an independent when Debbie Wasserman Schultz and the party bosses steal the nomination away from you?'" Kimmel read.
Sanders didn't say no, but rolled his eyes at the thought.
'Well, I think there's a little bit of self service there for Donald Trump,' Sanders answered, suggesting an independent bid would split up the country's political left, throwing the election toward Trump.
'You think he's really worried about me?' he mused.
'Well, you tell Mr. Trump, I really do appreciate his concern for me. I know it comes straight from his heart. But tell him that what I hope will happen is that, in fact, I will run against him as the Democratic nominee for president of the United States,' Sanders continued.
Jimmy Kimmel also had a little fun with Bernie Sanders, showing the Vermont senator a picture of him walking the streets in front of an ill-placed sign
'And if I do we're going to beat him and beat him bad,' the Vermont senator added.
The Democratic underdog also gave Kimmel his view of the state of the race.
'There's some confusion about this,' Sanders suggested.
Kimmel asked Sanders if he needed to win California by a lot.
'Yeah, here's where we are,' he said. 'In terms of what we call pledged delegates, which I call the real delegates that you win by elections, we're at 46 percent, so we're behind.'
Sanders would have to win the majority of the remaining states by overwhelming margins to overtake Clinton's lead.
He was again critical of the Democratic superdelegates, more than half of whom have already committed to vote for Clinton at the Democratic National Convention, calling them 'patently absurd and undemocratic and kind of dumb.'
Kimmel tried to have a little fun with his political guest too.
He asked Sanders what his life has been like now that it's in 'Secret Service lockdown mode' asking the senator if he could still walk the street freely like he did several months ago.
Kimmel then threw up a picture of Sanders with his fist clinched in the air.
The photo was awkwardly taken in front of a 'XXX Movie Arcade,' with its sign advertising videos, toys and lotions.
The Live! host also made the senator's anniversary plans sound slightly X-rated.
Kimmel asked Sanders what he planned to do with Jane as they celebrate 28 years of marriage on Saturday.
'Yeah, Jane and I will probably be in front of 20-30,000 people doing something,' the senator answered.
'What are you going to do in front of those people?' Kimmel asked back.
After fleeing North Korea, some defectors want to go back to life under Kim Jong-un
Updated
Kwon Chol Nam fled North Korea for China by wading across a river border at night and crawling under a barbed wire fence.
He made a long, perilous journey across China, and trekked through the jungles of Laos to get to Thailand, where he was allowed to fly to South Korea to start a new life.
That was three years ago. But after so much danger, risk and upheaval he now wants to go back.
South Korea is not what he expected and he desperately misses his family.
"North Korea is my home. It's where my son lives and my parents died," he said.
"There's no hope living here. I've experienced so much harassment and I'm treated like a second-class citizen."
Over the last couple of decades thousands of North Koreans have risked life and limb and fled the repression of their homeland to seek refuge in South Korea.
But now in an unexpected turnaround, a growing number want to return home, saying South Korea is not the land of freedom and prosperity that was promised.
Mr Kwon lives in poverty and isolation in a small room in an outer suburb of Seoul, relying on charity to pay the rent.
He is unemployed and claims when he did work as a labourer he was paid much less than fellow workers, or not at all.
He said he suffers from the stigma of coming from the North, saying most South Koreans see him as backward or stupid.
"I am lonely and most of the defectors think like this," he said.
"South Korean people don't want to socialise with us, they don't treat us like human beings.
"Even though North Korea is poorer, I felt more free there. Neighbours and people help each other and depend on each other.
"Life is simpler there and here they are just slaves to money."
Defectors struggle in the South
Mr Kwon has tried to go back illegally via China, but just as he was about to leave South Korean authorities arrested him and he spent several months in jail.
Defectors immediately become South Koreans, and as citizens it is against the law to have any contact or visit the North.
But he is now leading a campaign to get the South Korean Government to change laws to allow defectors to go home.
It is believed there are about 80 defectors who are actively seeking to return.
Mr Kwon has spent the last several months protesting and lobbying the United Nations and the South Korean parliament.
"I have declared myself as a citizen of North Korea," he said.
"Even though my body is here my mind is living in my home."
North Korean defectors were once celebrated in the South and given a new home and a generous living allowance, but not anymore.
There are about 25,000 living in South Korea and they struggle to fit into the fast-paced, hyper-competitive capitalist South.
Studies estimate more than half suffer discrimination and depression and unemployment among them is six times higher than the South Korean average.
It is estimated 25 per cent of all defectors have seriously considered returning home.
Even defectors like Kim Hyung Doek — who have been in South Korea for 20 years and have forged a successful career, made money and raised a family — want to go back.
"I have strong feelings that I really want to go back and live with my family because that's where I was born and grew up," he said.
"It's difficult to adapt in the South but I did. I suffered so much discrimination.
"There's a gap of about 40 years between the North and the South."
A few years ago Mr Kim travelled to the North Korean embassy in China and requested a visitor's visa, but it was firmly rejected.
He just hopes that relations between the North and South will improve so one day he can return to see his family.
Sorry, this video has expired Video: Kwon wants to return to the country he risked his life to escape (ABC News)
Hundreds of defectors unaccounted for
It is a hard road back for North Korean defectors.
They live in limbo, ostracised in the South but also not welcome back in their homeland, where they are used as propaganda and punished.
It is impossible to know how many defectors have returned to the North.
The South Korea Unification Ministry says 13, but other evidence suggests the figure is much higher.
Eight hundred defectors known to have arrived in South Korea are unaccounted for.
They are signs the regime in the North has mounted a campaign under Kim Jong-un to woo them back, reportedly with offers of cash, a job and a home.
Once there, they are put on North Korean state media claiming they were "abducted" and that South Korea is "a living hell".
Regardless, Mr Kwon says his desire to go home is stronger than ever.
"Of course I'll get punished but I am prepared to swallow it," he said.
"In the DPRK [North Korea] it's one man and one rule and our great leader has said he will forgive people who have defected."
Topics: world-politics, unrest-conflict-and-war, korea-democratic-peoples-republic-of, korea-republic-of
First posted
One Obama administration official on Saturday cautioned that it is unlikely that a deal is imminent, and noted the difference in tone between the statements issued by the United States and by Russia on what was said in the telephone call between the two presidents. (The White House stressed possible diplomatic movement, while the Kremlin stressed Mr. Putin's complaints about “extremists” in Ukraine.)Russia's solution to the impasse over Ukraine emphasizes a federation, allowing for greater autonomy for eastern and southern Ukraine, with their heavy concentration of ethnic Russians. The stress Moscow places on the federation concept is seen partly as an attempt to ensure that Ukraine does not coalesce into a strong pro-European, anti-Russian country right next door.
Mr. Lavrov rejected as “absolutely unacceptable” the formula devised by Western officials, whereby Russia and Ukraine would negotiate directly with each other under Western auspices. The Russians reject the current leadership in Kiev as illegitimate. And although he said there were no plans for another takeover, Mr. Lavrov also repeated that the West should do more to curb the “lawlessness” in Ukraine; that formulation is often interpreted as a veiled warning that Russia might intervene if the West and its allies do not push the Ukrainian leadership to bring stability.
The move by Mr. Klitschko on Saturday could propel Mr. Poroshenko to a formidable lead in the election, where his most prominent anticipated contender is Ms. Tymoshenko, the country's former prime minister and a familiar if controversial figure in the country's fractious opposition movement. But it might also help Ms. Tymoshenko by removing one popular rival.
Mr. Klitschko said he would run instead for mayor of Kiev, with a goal of transforming the city into a “truly European capital.”
Mr. Poroshenko hailed the decision by Mr. Klitschko to step aside, saying it would serve the goals of the thousands of people who demonstrated for more than three months in hopes of putting Ukraine on the path to a pro-Western political future.
“It would be a betrayal if we did not unite,” Mr. Poroshenko said in a speech to the United Democratic Alliance for Reform congress Saturday.
Mr. Poroshenko said that it was clear in light of the popular uprising, and the deaths of more than 80 demonstrators in clashes with the police before Mr. Yanukovych's ouster, that officials had an obligation to be more responsive to the public.
by
In previous CounterPunch essays, I described how Republican governors and state legislatures (with some Democrats in tow), heeding Reagan's long-discredited “low tax, low spend” prescription for economic growth, have reduced education funding to the point where state universities have had little alternative but to raise tuition and turn to corporations for alternative sources of budgetary support.
The results have been uneven, to say the least. A bogus MBA degree was awarded by West Virginia University to a corporate fat cat (a member of a WV Democratic political dynasty in a state where Democrats are indistinguishable from Republicans); the University of Cincinnati named its business school after a big donor known to be the financial supporter of a State Department designated “terrorist organization” (because it operated death squads in Latin America), and universities are driven increasingly to appoint as “leaders” those without experience of running a university but possessing the requisite political and business connections.
Meanwhile the budgetary cuts continue.
Two weeks ago, the Republican governor of Missouri, Eric Greitens, slashed $82 million in spending on higher education from the state's current budget in an attempt to keep it balanced for the fiscal year.
Missouri's budget problems have been exacerbated by revenue shortfalls stemming from two obsessions dear to ideologues in its Republican-dominated legislature, namely, reductions in corporate and personal income tax.
The Republican governor of Kansas, Sam Brownback, and its Republican legislature reduced taxes for corporations and the rich in 2012 and 2013. The predictable budgetary shortfalls ensued, and a $44 million cut had to be made in higher-education spending in 2013. Cuts were also made to Medicaid, social services, and funds for public schools. Brownback, a former US senator, is a stooge of the Koch brothers, who donate handsomely to his election campaigns.
Another state suffering severe budget cuts at the hands of a Republican legislature and governor is the “bathroom bill” state of North Carolina. Since 2008, NC has cut higher education spending per-student by 25%, according to the Center on Budget and Public Priorities. Tuition was raised by nearly 35% over the same period.
In 2010, Republicans, massively funded by Art Pope, NC's equivalent of the Koch brothers, took control of the state assembly for the first since 1870. Immediate cuts to NC higher education by the Republicans were accompanied by massive political interference in the state's flagship university, UNC Chapel Hill.
The UNC Board of Governors, now stuffed with donors to grateful Republican politicians who then appointed them to the UNC Board, closed UNC's Center on Poverty, Work, and Opportunity, and two other university centers dedicated to civic engagement and to biodiversity.
Also targeted by the newly-emboldened NC Republicans was UNC President Tom Ross, a capable administrator with Democratic sympathies respected by students and faculty alike, who was asked to submit his resignation by the Board of Governors for unexplained reasons.
Ross's replacement, after a completely untransparent search process, was the least academically-qualified President in the history of the UNC system, with only a BA from the University of Houston to her name, Dubya Bush's former education secretary, Margaret Spellings. The chair of the UNC Board of Governors appointing Spellings (having first sacked Ross for what were obvious politically-motivated reasons), John Fennebresque, resigned the day after her appointment. He'd delivered the tainted goods, and was no longer needed.
As equally unqualified as Dubya for any kind of high office, and the architect of Dubya's disastrous No Child Left Behind misadventure, which should have disqualified anyone from future employment in the education sector, Spellings, a long-time opponent of gay rights, began her term by insisting, predictably, that NC's 17-university system comply with the state's absurd “bathroom law”.
Spellings quickly reversed this decision when the Department of Justice deemed it a violation of Title IX of the Education Amendments Act of 1972, thereby necessitating UNC's likely forfeiture of federal funding.
Money clearly talked for an unabashed proponent of corporate education such as Spellings!
Just as unqualified as Spellings for the responsibility of running a major university is the current president of the University of Iowa, Bruce Harreld.
As happened at UNC, Iowa's sitting president, Sally Mason, had to be unseated. The Iowa Board of Regents chose not to renew previous Mason's contract two years before the appointment of Harreld. The Regent's gave her one option– continuing to work “at will” on a day-to-day basis.
Now effectively a pawn of the Regents, Mason implemented their request for significant cuts to UI's budget.
Harreld, a former IBM and Boston Market executive, could now be inserted into UI's presidency, despite having no university administrative background. His only experience of university employment was serving as an adjunct senior lecturer at Harvard Business School.
On his résumé Harreld listed his current position as the managing principal for the Colorado-based Executing Strategy, LLC, a non-existent business. He also omitted the co-authors of his publications in his résumé, attributing them solely to Harreld himself.
In addition to faking a key part of his CV, Harreld's public forum at UI did not go well (he admitted Wikipedia was his only source of information regarding the university), but somehow was given the job ahead of the manifestly more qualified Oberlin President Marvin Krislov, Tulane University Provost Michael Bernstein, and Ohio State University Provost Joseph Steinmetz.
So how was this unqualified candidate parachuted into the presidency of the University of Iowa?
The Board of Regent's president Bruce Rastetter, an agribusiness baron with interests in ethanol and pig farming, and the biggest Republican donor in Iowa, put Harreld in touch with the Republican governor Terry Branstad (whose biggest campaign donor had been the afore-mentioned Rastetter).
This led to a phone conversation between Harreld and the governor– the latter, and by this stage Harreld himself, both stooges of the agribusiness president of the University Board of Regents.
Harreld was the only UI presidential candidate given the privilege of speaking with the governor. He was also the only candidate invited to meet with the search-leaders ahead of the official process.
Shortly after the four presidential finalists were announced, the Regents, without consulting faculty, staff, and students, dissolved the campus-based search committee and outsourced the presidential search to a private firm, Parker Executive Search.
A couple of days after his vastly unimpressive open forum at UI, the Regents unanimously made Bruce Harreld its 21stpresident.
The fat cats on UI's Board of Regents wanted to impose a corporate model on the university, and believed Harreld to be a president who could deliver a “transformational turnaround”, in the words of their management gobbledygook.
The imposter Harreld took office in November 2015, and the “transformational turnaround” is still being awaited.
Two weeks ago it was announced that Iowa's governor was reducing its higher education budget by $25.6 million, with complete acquiescence from the imposter university president.
With Trump's election, and Republican domination of state assemblies and governorships, things will only get worse.
Video game publisher Electronic Arts had already suggested that its upcoming Star Wars and Madden games might not be coming to the Nintendo Wii U, but it looks like the situation is more dire than that. EA tells Kotaku that the company is not currently making any games for the Wii U, period.
"We have no games in development for the Wii U currently," spokesman Jeff Brown told the publication.
Though former EA CEO John Riccitiello actually appeared on the Nintendo stage at E3 two years ago to announce an "unprecedented partnership" for Wii U titles, the company claims its obligation is fulfilled, Kotaku reports:
Brown told Kotaku that that early run of EA games on Wii U represented EA delivering on its E3 2011 partnership.
Though EA is undergoing layoffs and financial troubles, and recently lost a CEO, the company is still a major video game publisher. The move doesn't sound good for the financially troubled Nintendo.
Nintendo declined to comment on the move.
The self-chosen remit of my blog is “Updates on my research and expository papers, discussion of open problems, and other maths-related topics”. Of the 774 posts on this blog, I estimate that about 99% of the posts indeed relate to mathematics, mathematicians, or the administration of this mathematical blog, and only about 1% are not related to mathematics or the community of mathematicians in any significant fashion.
This is not one of the 1%.
Mathematical research is clearly an international activity. But actually a stronger claim is true: mathematical research is a transnational activity, in that the specific nationality of individual members of a research team or research community are (or should be) of no appreciable significance for the purpose of advancing mathematics. For instance, even during the height of the Cold War, there was no movement in (say) the United States to boycott Soviet mathematicians or theorems, or to only use results from Western literature (though the latter did sometimes happen by default, due to the limited avenues of information exchange between East and West, and former did occasionally occur for political reasons, most notably with the Soviet Union preventing Gregory Margulis from traveling to receive his Fields Medal in 1978 EDIT: and also Sergei Novikov in 1970). The national origin of even the most fundamental components of mathematics, whether it be the geometry (γεωμετρία) of the ancient Greeks, the algebra (الجبر) of the Islamic world, or the Hindu-Arabic numerals , are primarily of historical interest, and have only a negligible impact on the worldwide adoption of these mathematical tools. While it is true that individual mathematicians or research teams sometimes compete with each other to be the first to solve some desired problem, and that a citizen could take pride in the mathematical achievements of researchers from their country, one did not see any significant state-sponsored “space races” in which it was deemed in the national interest that a particular result ought to be proven by “our” mathematicians and not “theirs”. Mathematical research ability is highly non-fungible, and the value added by foreign students and faculty to a mathematics department cannot be completely replaced by an equivalent amount of domestic students and faculty, no matter how large and well educated the country (though a state can certainly work at the margins to encourage and support more domestic mathematicians). It is no coincidence that all of the top mathematics department worldwide actively recruit the best mathematicians regardless of national origin, and often retain immigration counsel to assist with situations in which these mathematicians come from a country that is currently politically disfavoured by their own.
Of course, mathematicians cannot ignore the political realities of the modern international order altogether. Anyone who has organised an international conference or program knows that there will inevitably be visa issues to resolve because the host country makes it particularly difficult for certain nationals to attend the event. I myself, like many other academics working long-term in the United States, have certainly experienced my own share of immigration bureaucracy, starting with various glitches in the renewal or application of my J-1 and O-1 visas, then to the lengthy vetting process for acquiring permanent residency (or “green card”) status, and finally to becoming naturalised as a US citizen (retaining dual citizenship with Australia). Nevertheless, while the process could be slow and frustrating, there was at least an order to it. The rules of the game were complicated, but were known in advance, and did not abruptly change in the middle of playing it (save in truly exceptional situations, such as the days after the September 11 terrorist attacks). One just had to study the relevant visa regulations (or hire an immigration lawyer to do so), fill out the paperwork and submit to the relevant background checks, and remain in good standing until the application was approved in order to study, work, or participate in a mathematical activity held in another country. On rare occasion, some senior university administrator may have had to contact a high-ranking government official to approve some particularly complicated application, but for the most part one could work through normal channels in order to ensure for instance that the majority of participants of a conference could actually be physically present at that conference, or that an excellent mathematician hired by unanimous consent by a mathematics department could in fact legally work in that department.
With the recent and highly publicised executive order on immigration, many of these fundamental assumptions have been seriously damaged, if not destroyed altogether. Even if the order was withdrawn immediately, there is no longer an assurance, even for nationals not initially impacted by that order, that some similar abrupt and major change in the rules for entry to the United States could not occur, for instance for a visitor who has already gone through the lengthy visa application process and background checks, secured the appropriate visa, and is already in flight to the country. This is already affecting upcoming or ongoing mathematical conferences or programs in the US, with many international speakers (including those from countries not directly affected by the order) now cancelling their visit, either in protest or in concern about their ability to freely enter and leave the country. Even some conferences outside the US are affected, as some mathematicians currently in the US with a valid visa or even permanent residency are uncertain if they could ever return back to their place of work if they left the country to attend a meeting. In the slightly longer term, it is likely that the ability of elite US institutions to attract the best students and faculty will be seriously impacted. Again, the losses would be strongest regarding candidates that were nationals of the countries affected by the current executive order, but I fear that many other mathematicians from other countries would now be much more concerned about entering and living in the US than they would have previously.
It is still possible for this sort of long-term damage to the mathematical community (both within the US and abroad) to be reversed or at least contained, but at present there is a real risk of the damage becoming permanent. To prevent this, it seems insufficient for me for the current order to be rescinded, as desirable as that would be; some further legislative or judicial action would be needed to begin restoring enough trust in the stability of the US immigration and visa system that the international travel that is so necessary to modern mathematical research becomes “just” a bureaucratic headache again.
Of course, the impact of this executive order is far, far broader than just its effect on mathematicians and mathematical research. But there are countless other venues on the internet and elsewhere to discuss these other aspects (or politics in general). (For instance, discussion of the qualifications, or lack thereof, of the current US president can be carried out at this previous post.) I would therefore like to open this post to readers to discuss the effects or potential effects of this order on the mathematical community; I particularly encourage mathematicians who have been personally affected by this order to share their experiences. As per the rules of the blog, I request that “the discussions are kept constructive, polite, and at least tangentially relevant to the topic at hand”.
Some relevant links (please feel free to suggest more, either through comments or by email):
This article is about the abandoned fortification. For discussion of Fort Jefferson National Monument, see Dry Tortugas National Park
Unincorporated community in Florida, United States
Fort Jefferson is a massive but unfinished coastal fortress. It is the largest brick masonry structure in the Americas,[2][3] and is composed of over 16 million bricks. The building covers 16 acres (6.5 ha). Among United States forts, only Fort Monroe in Virginia and Fort Adams in Rhode Island are larger. The fort is located on Garden Key in the lower Florida Keys within the Dry Tortugas National Park, 68 miles (109 km) west of the island of Key West. The Dry Tortugas are part of Monroe County, Florida, United States.
History [ edit ]
Construction [ edit ]
Fort Jefferson Moat – Dry Tortugas
In late December 1824 and early January 1825, about five years after Spain sold Florida to the United States for $5 million, U.S. Navy Commodore David Porter inspected the Dry Tortugas islands. He was on the lookout for a site for a naval station that would help suppress piracy in the Caribbean. Unimpressed with what he saw, he notified the Secretary of the Navy that the Dry Tortugas were unfit for any kind of naval establishment. He reported that they consist of small sand islands a little above the surface of the ocean, have no fresh water, scarcely enough land to place a fortification, and in any case are probably not solid enough to bear one.[5]
While Commodore Porter thought the Dry Tortugas were unfit for a naval station, others in the U.S. government thought the islands were a good location for a lighthouse to guide ships around the area's reefs and small islands. A small island called Bush Key, later called Garden Key, was selected as the site for the lighthouse, which became known as Garden Key Light. Construction began in 1825 and was completed in 1826. The 65-foot (20 m) lighthouse was constructed of brick with a whitewashed exterior. A small white cottage for the lighthouse keeper was constructed beside the lighthouse.
In 1829, under recommendations from Commodore John Rodgers, the survey ship Florida stopped at the Dry Tortugas to evaluate the anchorage. Contrary to Commodore Porter's experience, Josiah Tattnall was delighted with what he found. The Dry Tortugas, he reported, consisted of 11 small keys and surrounding reefs and banks, over which the sea broke. There was an outer and an inner harbor. The former afforded a safe anchorage during all seasons and was large enough to let a large number of ships ride at anchor. Of more importance, the inner harbor combined a sufficient depth of water for ships-of-the-line, with a narrow entrance of not more than 120 yards (110 m). Tattnall noted that if a hostile power should occupy the Dry Tortugas, United States shipping in the Gulf would be in deadly peril, and nothing but absolute naval superiority could prevail. However, if occupied and fortified by the U.S., the Dry Tortugas would constitute the advance post for a defense of the Gulf Coast. Capt. John G. Barnard then made a detailed reconnaissance in November 1844 and on 17 September 1845, the Dry Tortugas became a national military reservation.[5]
Fort Jefferson
Construction of Fort Jefferson (named after the third U.S. President, Thomas Jefferson) was finally begun on Garden Key in December 1846, under the supervision of 2nd Lt. Horatio Wright, after plans drawn up by Lt. Montgomery C. Meigs were approved in November. Meigs' plans were based on a design by Joseph Totten.[5] Chief of Engineers Totten eventually visited the fort in 1855, accompanying Louis Agassiz.[5]:122
The new fort was built so that the existing Garden Key lighthouse and the lighthouse keeper's cottage were contained within the walls of the fort. The lighthouse continued to serve a vital function in guiding ships through the waters of the Dry Tortugas Islands until the current metal light tower was installed atop an adjacent wall of the fort in 1876. The original brick lighthouse tower was taken down in 1877.
Design [ edit ]
[5]: 89,131 Lower archways of one interior side of Fort Jefferson. Many of the arches were designed by Capt. Daniel P. Woodbury , Superintending Engineer from 1856 to 1860.
The design called for a two-tiered casemate in a six-sided outline, with two curtain walls measuring 325 feet (99 m), and the other four measuring 477 feet (145 m). Corner bastions, which are large projections designed to allow defensive fire along the faces of the walls they joined, contained gunrooms, gunpowder magazines and a granite spiral staircase. Each tier of casemates contained 150 guns, and another 150 were placed on top of the fort itself. The heavy guns were mounted inside the walls in a string of open casemates, or gunrooms, facing outward toward the sea through large openings called embrasures. The 13-acre (5.3 ha) parade ground contained additional powder magazines, headquarters, a hospital, officer quarters and three large barracks.[5]
Interior wall, harbor light, and parade ground (2005)
Ramparts on north wall, showing evidence of subsidence (2005)
Courtyard, showing expanse of interior (2007)
The Army employed civilian carpenters, masons, general laborers, and Key West slaves to help construct the fort. By August 1855, 233 white contract laborers were employed though the slaves "... were the backbone of the labor gang ...," according to Albert Manucy. Bricks were provided by the Pensacola firm of Raiford and Abercrombie. In 1859, the scientist Joseph Bassett Holder assumed responsibility as the fort's physician.[5]:16–19,23–27
In order to support such a large population in an area lacking fresh water, an innovative system of cisterns was built into the walls of the fort. Sand-filled columns were placed at regular intervals in the inner walls, spanning their height from the roof to the foundation. The columns were intended to filter rainwater from the rooftop for long-term storage in a series of underground chambers. However, the rainwater dissolved salts in the sand, or the cisterns had not been made tight, making the water unfit for drinking, but usable for washing and cooking. Only the rainwater runoff stored under the parade ground was fresh for drinking. Two steam condensers distilled 7,000 US gallons (26,000 l) of seawater per day during the Civil War. The fort enjoyed "... much better water than we have had heretofore," which was stored in the parade ground cisterns.[5]:40,62–63
Civil War [ edit ]
At the onset of the Civil War, 62 men of the Second U.S. Artillery Regiment, under the command of Major Lewis Golding Arnold, were moved to the fort, preventing it from falling into the hands of rebel forces. Capt. Meigs took over as the Superintending Engineer in 1860, and worked feverishly to improve the security and defenses so that the fort's heavy guns were first fired on 26 January 1861. The fort had a population of 168 persons at the time, including women and children.[5]:31–43
Two companies, 160 soldiers, of the 6th New York Zouaves arrived on 4 July 1861, under the command of Col. Bill Wilson. The 7th New Hampshire Volunteer Infantry arrived in March 1862, under the command of Col. Haldimand S. Putnam, to relieve the Zouaves. The 90th New York Volunteer Infantry Regiment, under the command of Lt. Col. Louis W. Tinelli relieved the New Hampshire soldiers in June 1862. They were relieved by the 47th Pennsylvania Infantry in December 1862. They were relieved in March 1864 by the 110th New York Volunteer Infantry.[5]:49,55–57,63–65,78–79
In September 1861, the first prisoner soldiers appeared, those sentenced by Courts-martial to confinement and hard labor for acts such as mutinous conduct. President Lincoln then substituted imprisonment on the Dry Tortugas, in lieu of execution, for those found guilty of desertion. By June 1863, only 22 black workers remained following the Emancipation Proclamation. By November 1863, the number of military convicts reached 214, meeting the demands for unskilled labor, and the ratio of soldier to prisoners was about four to one. In June 1864, the ratio was almost equal, with 653 soldiers and 753 convicts. In November 1864, only 583 soldiers guarded 882 prisoners and eight were able to escape.[5]:50,68,80,83
Post Civil War [ edit ]
Dr. Samuel Mudd as he appeared as a federal prisoner while working in the carpenter 's shop in the military prison at Fort Jefferson, circa 1866–1867.
On 24 July 1865 four special civilian prisoners arrived. These were Samuel Mudd, Edmund Spangler, Samuel Arnold and Michael O'Laughlen, who had been convicted of conspiracy in the assassination of President Abraham Lincoln. Mudd attempted to stowaway on a steam transport, when the 82nd U.S. Colored Troops relieved the 161st New York Volunteer Infantry Regiment on 25 September 1865. This led to his detention in the fort's "dungeon," over which were the words "Whoso entereth here leaveth all hope behind" (from Canto III of Dante's Inferno). Another state prisoner, Col. George St. Leger Grenfell arrived on 8 October 1865.[5]:88–89,93–95
In November 1865, the 5th U.S. Artillery arrived and in December 1865, there were a total of 470 soldiers and 273 prisoners. By February 1866, the prisoners were reduced 207, and to 193 by May. Construction came to a near halt that summer and only 56 prisoners remained in January 1867. The 3rd U.S. Artillery replaced the 5th in 1869.[5]:98–99,103,105–107,123
Mudd helped provide medical care during a yellow fever epidemic at the fort in 1867. The epidemic killed many prisoners, including O'Laughlen, and Joseph Sim Smith, the 5th Artillery's surgeon. A monument to Smith and his son is still present on the parade grounds. Mudd, Arnold and Spangler were pardoned by President Andrew Johnson and released.[5]:110–113,120,124
The seawall was finally completed in 1872 and six 15-inch (38 cm) Rodman guns were in place on barbette (third) tier.[5]:126 The total number of large-caliber guns was 243. The guns were never fired.
Frequent hurricanes and yellow fever epidemics convinced the War Department to remove the garrison, leaving a small caretaker force for the armaments and ammunition in 1874. In 1889, the Army turned the fort over to the Marine Hospital Service to be operated as a quarantine station. The U.S. Navy used the Key as a coaling station.
Neglected, stripped by vandals, swept by repeated tropical storms that crushed brick and concrete and bent girders, Fort Jefferson deteriorated rapidly. It remained unoccupied until war with Spain broke out in 1898. The American fleet was stationed there. One of the ships to load coal there was the USS Maine before her fateful trip to Havana.
In 1902 the property was transferred to the Navy Department, and coal rigs and water distilling plants were built. When these were destroyed by hurricanes in 1906, the fort was again abandoned. Two years later the entire group of islands was set aside as a Federal bird reservation. Until 1934 Garden Key and the crumbling ruins were merely a rendezvous for fishermen and tourists.[6]
During WWI, the lighthouse was decommissioned, but a wireless station and naval seaplane facility was operational.[5]:128–129
Park designation [ edit ]
On January 4, 1935, President Franklin D. Roosevelt, designated the area as Fort Jefferson National Monument.[5]:129 It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places on November 10, 1970.
On October 26, 1992, the Dry Tortugas, including Fort Jefferson, was established as a National Park.[5]:129
Accessibility [ edit ]
Fort Jefferson can be reached by a daily ferry from Key West, as well as by chartered seaplane and private yacht. As a national park, primitive camping is permitted on the beach. Visitors by ferry typically spend 4 hours on the island, which is the enough time for a guided tour of the fort, lunch on the boat and a swim (snorkel equipment provided) on the reef. Within the fort are a museum and bookstore.
See also [ edit ]
References [ edit ]
Further reading [ edit ]
Some hugely innovative news is coming out of the Olympus rumor mill today. According to highly trusted sources, the followup to the Olympus OM-D E-M5 will take a page out of Hasselblad's multi-shot book and, using its sensor shift capabilities, spit out 40MP images from its 16MP sensor!
The news comes from the folks at 4/3 Rumors, who got it from a new source and confirmed it with, “one of my best trusted sources.” According to the tip, the next E-M5 — which will be called the E-M5II or E-M5 Mark II — will integrate something called ‘sensor shift' shooting.
This mysterious technology will supposedly make it possible to capture 40MP images using the 16MP sensor packed inside the E-M5II by shifting the sensor and combining up to 8 shots into one.
If this sounds familiar, that's because this is how Hasselblad's multi-shot cameras like the 200MP behemoth H5D-200c Multi-Shot work: by shifting the sensor in 1/2 or 1-pixel increments and combining up to six shots together.
As you can see from the image above from the 200c Multi-Shot press release (click here for full res), this really does make a massive difference in the final shots. From the above-mentioned Hasselblad press release:
The Bayer Mosaic filter pattern covers the pixels of the sensor. Moving the sensor in one pixel increments between shots, allows for the exact R, G, B values to be captured in every pixel. The multiple captures are then assembled to deliver the correct colors and ultimate definition of detail. Adding captures, each offset by a ½ pixel sensor movement, creates space for extending the sensor resolution from 50Mpix to 200Mpix. The outstanding definition of color and detail is maintained.
The obvious downside here is that multiple shots are… well… multiple shots, so fast moving subjects are out. Still, with burst modes being what they are, it's not impossible that this tech will be usable handheld — we'll just have to wait and see.
The details of how Olympus' system will work are still shrouded in mystery, but it makes sense that they would use their own sensor shift stabilization capabilities to build this in. For now, just keep an eye on the site and we'll pass along more technical info as it becomes available.
And if rumors aren't your thing, 4/3 Rumors is confident the E-M5II will arrive at the beginning of February, so you don't have a long time to wait.
About
*NOTE: Actual Release date August 31st 2017. Delays COULD happen, but let's not rush your investment ...
Turn Based Combat tried and true. Think of your old RPGs like Final Fantasy 7, or Dragons Quest, Suikoden etc.
Transformations/Aura system has many enemies transforming or changing tactics to keep you on your toes. Different attacks work for different transformations so you're not jamming on the "win" button.
Engage in epic rap battles that gain you experience and items for your crib
The Emo System adds your emotions as a mechanic to gain the upper hand on enemies. Some choices you make before a battle can also affect your mood negatively or positively
Simple customization so your time is spent exploring, fighting, and engaging in the story rather than menu spelunking
Customize your own personal hangout/Crib You can add some changes like furniture, stereos, gardening, etc.
Explore a world full of lore and swaggerment...
Multiple endings based on key choices and how you play
Weapons are upgraded through a journey into the subconscious, which leads you to an intimate knowledge of each character... and what's REALLY goin' on son?
“Recognized” are like trophies, but they actually break the 4th wall a bit and tell the player something good about themselves.
Dem Beats though....
More images!
Everything has a purpose as to why it's in the game. For those who want to dive deeper into the Biblical themes of the game can do so upon request on this Kickstarter for FREE! You can totally enjoy the game without it, it's available though for those who enjoy deep study alone or with small groups. It's challenging, but we live in a challenging world.
Art/Colorists! : There are TONS of art to be made for this game... 500+. This will be budgeted towards obtaining more art resources and contractors for the project. Hiring the best artists, to do their best work! This too helps complete the project quicker, and gives the art a MUCH more polished look to make ReElise truly great.
: There are TONS of art to be made for this game... 500+. This will be budgeted towards obtaining more art resources and contractors for the project. Hiring the best artists, to do their best work! This too helps complete the project quicker, and gives the art a MUCH more polished look to make ReElise truly great. Marketing : This is a difficult game to attempt to market, so there will be several hurdles and cost to overcome with such an odd title. Not to mention all the huge expenses for Cons (conventions) and costs associated with it...
: This is a difficult game to attempt to market, so there will be several hurdles and cost to overcome with such an odd title. Not to mention all the huge expenses for Cons (conventions) and costs associated with it... Licensing and Publishing fees : Most have been paid for already, but, some sites require paying a bit of cash just to upload content onto their site.
: Most have been paid for already, but, some sites require paying a bit of cash just to upload content onto their site. Rewards : Making sure that you lovely people get your rewards without difficulty
: Making sure that you lovely people get your rewards without difficulty Programmers: Refining the programing is going to take things to the next level. More sets of eyes doing amazing technical work and trouble shooting will really take ReElise to the next level.
The number seems large, however this can literally change the face of gaming in the future (sort of blazing a trail), but ONLY if it's done in a very credible way. Making this a big deal takes bigger money, I need your help!
To my gamers - Help me build a game studio with strange, diverse ideas with simple, flippin' awesome gameplay and interesting, subversive stories to explore at the player's pace. This can't be something truly special without special people who want great games comes to the rescue! I know you just want great games in the end, and we'll make them!
To my brothers and sisters in Christ - this is about reintroducing what a "Christian game" can be, while still displaying the attributes of Christ in non-conventional ways. I want you guys to be able to bring art back to the Body without being branded a heretic, and I need your support to start this dialogue on a large scale. I can't inspire a new generation of creators without your resources... so let's make it happen.
Main QuestionHave I finished a game. Yes. "Melee"
Why is the funding goal so high?
We've conducted exhaustive research on crowdfunding and found that many games fail to launch or create massive debt for the parties involved. As such, we wanted to make sure we set a budget that was realistic and accounted for all the hidden costs: taxes, fees, rebuilds, revisions, etc. We are blessed that we have access to a network of talented, proven professionals in the areas of game development, graphic design, music composition, sound effects, and marketing but life happens. The longer a project take, the more likely it is that contributors will move on to more lucrative opportunities or just lose interest. We're accounting for all those variables to ensure that we release a quality product that will not only be fun to play but inspire many more projects and collaborations going forward.
How do I go about featuring and promoting your project?
Currently, we're hitting the podcast and YouTube circuit hard. I've also made some Twitch appearances. I'm always willing to collaborate so hit me up on my contact form or find me on Twitter. If you want to do something really special, coordinate with my marketing guy yomar@geekyantics.net and we'll come up with a plan that will help us all grow our audiences and brands. It's a team effort! You can also find our media kit, promos, banners, samples, and other goodies at ReElise.com - see you there!
What topics and value can you offer my audience? Well, I don't claim to be a rockstar or expert but I believe I can share some actionable insight that growing brands, solopreneurs, and small businesses can all find useful. Topics that excite me include: game mechanics, gamification, RPGs, anime, cartooning, hip-hop, and, of course, Christianity. Whatever the concentration or subject matter of your content is, I'm sure we can find a fit for what we're doing over at NoRoom LLC and why I think ReElise has something for everyone.
I'm not a religious person so what's in the game for me?
ReElise embraces diversity and the realities of the world we live in. As a company, we respect all views, beliefs, and backgrounds. We're not here to convert anyone or force faith or religion (there's a distinction there) down anyone's throat. This game is a passion project and I truly believe that the greatest games and business ventures are things born out of love, pain, and perhaps frustration. It's that thirst for change and innovation that drives this. As such, we truly believe that there is something here for everyone. The themes of hope, despair, angst, and redemption are something that will hit home for everyone if you give it a chance. If, by the end of the experience, you feel closer to God then we as the community of believers will be thrilled but we're not using this project as a mere attempt to push a hidden agenda.
Do you believe this game will be a commercial success?
In short, absolutely! I may be biased, but this game fills a void. It's a high-fantasy turn-based RPG grounded in the realities of our world. Of course, I've been able to step back and look at this objectively. Everyone feels their project is special or else they would not pursue it but the reality is that the average video game is lucky to generate 10-15K in profits for the first year or two. The response on this project has been encouraging and we hope we can get as close to our funding goals in profits.
How will surplus funds be used?Anything over 50K will be a blessing. Rather than treating it as free money, we'll use this to re-invest in the movement driving ReElise. This means incentives for influencers on Twitch, podcasts, blogs, and other media outlets. This also means we can keep marketing staff working each month to keep the momentum going. Ultimately, this will allow us to rebuild the game from the ground up, explore sequels, and help others tap into the Christian-themed gaming niche.
Does it worry you that there aren't many [fun] Christian-developed games?
Christian game developers are a lot more common than people may realize yet it's a space that's not really actively supported or promoted. Even on the CGDC web site, you don't see any mention of games developed by Christians. Some of the games that come to mind are Citizens Of Earth and Five Nights At Freddy's. Sadly, there is a stigma attached to Christian games. People expect that they will be boring and preachy. That is a pain point we are working hard to address and the ReElise #elamaan movement is dedicated to giving people the resources and inspiration to take risks with new concepts or takes on our favorite games of all time. Now, I know some folks will see "Christian" and run away. That is disappointing because this truly is a fun, unique experience but I also feel that there will always be things that will turn folks away before they give a game a real chance. Just look at all the MOBA, rogue-like, and TCG/CCG offerings out there. Those are arguably saturated markets and a huge turn-off to some but they still have very loyal followings. In the end, if we build a community that is excited and eager to join us on our quests, then we did our job right.
I don't have much money so how can I help get this funded?
First and foremost, only pledge what you can afford. While we appreciate the generous donations and support, we don't want anyone going broke on our count. The simplest call to action we can share with everyone is this: share this everywhere and tag/mention five friends that you know will absolutely love the concepts driving ReElise. Share stories with friends. Spread your excitement. Sharing to your walls, feeds, and timelines is AWESOME but we're looking for those individual connections that will flourish into long-lasting relationships. We believe this approach will help us unlock that elusive viral marketing potential and help us reach the right people!
What happens if ReElise doesn't get funded?
Currently, we are operating in a manner that assumes that we will get there with this campaign so we have not given up yet. That said, we have every intention of promoting and collaborating with influencers throughout and beyond the Kickstarter campaign. Should we fall short of funding goal, we'll take some time to "prime the pump" before we launch a new crowdfunding campaign. We're also considering alternative and supplemental paths, so if you know any investors or friends with money burning a hole in their pockets, you know where to find me. For now, we're staying focused on what's in front of us but we do want to be as transparent as possible and involve our community in every way we can. Please join our VIP mailing list to stay in touch!
Why is the game so violent and graphic - are you just pandering for mass appeal?I believe that, from a storytelling perspective, it's important to ground even the most fictional works in reality somehow. Sex, brutality, oppression.. There are many human truths that we can't just pretend to don't exist. Every uncomfortable truth in ReElise serves the purpose of giving more gravitas to your actions and progressing the story. It is not meant to glorify or encourage such atrocities but, rather, make the journey, lessons, and emotions that much more compelling. None of these things will be displayed grotesquely often, but showing this reality is necessary for THIS story. There is purpose in this, and the study guide will ultimately reveal the reasons why.
A final word, and thanks so much for your time and love...
Currently the game has been built in RPG Maker VX. HOWEVER! An opportunity arose recently in which we can port over to another engine with far greater ease than any other on market.
That is the Eden Engine! It powered Citizens of Earth (Click to find out more), released in 2015 by Eden Industries and published by ATLUS, and is being used for their upcoming games as well.
If the Kickstarter is successful we'll be using the easy to use yet powerful Eden Engine to bring ReElise to a whole new level (no pun intended). That means, much higher qualities of polish in all areas including gameplay with the ability to port to ALL other platforms. Let's make this happen!
Platforms, NOT finalized, but available in proper season....
Just people who have been supporting me specifically on the project for the past 4 years... Love you guys so much! Please support these, they're all awesome! <3
Zachary Oliver of www.theologygaming.org
M Joshua Cauller www.lovesubverts.com & www.mjoshua.com
Xalavier Nelson Jr www.videogamesandthebible.com
Tim Emmerick www.cgdc.org
Michael Herrera www.cgdc.org
Michael Perrigo www.faithdrawn.com
Michael Uzdavines www.bluemanaentertainment.com
Clint Fleetwood https://www.patreon.com/user?u=2470085
Ian Rosser (Mirage The Rapper) www.iansmirage.com
116 Boyz https://116boyz.com
Bryan Hall https://johnnybgamer.com
Doug Moses http://christgames.org
Ryan Vandendyck www.edenindustries.ca
Ryan "Righteous" Scott www.trackstarz.com
Ted Loring www.wildmanted.com
Omar Valdivieso YouTube Channel Near Mint Condition
#ReElise #Elamaan #Christiangames
Transcript:
Tom the Dancing Bug by Ruben Bolling THE REPUBLICAN PLAN TO COMMEMORATE GROUND ZERO Endorsed by former Governor Sarah Palin "A plan so good, only an enemy of America would refudiate it." Who better to decide how to memorialize the 9/11 attack on a multicultural eastern city, than white, western right-wingers? Official United States of America Church Where true Americans can pray to a Christian God not to send more terrorist or weather-related catastrophes upon our nation in retribution for our homosexuals and Democrats. (Attendance required.) Muslim-Free Zone In celebration of our American ideals, no Muslims are permitted within four blocks of Ground Zero. Build your mosques, ethnic restaurants and centers for interfaith understanding somewhere that won't offend right-thinking Americans...like Afghanistan. Memorial to First Responders A statue depicting the American heroes bravely saving lives, another showing them searching for survivors, and a third showing them being denied their healthcare costs. Eternal Flame For the never-dying belief/ wish that Saddam Hussein was somehow behind the attack.
In my profile of Quwat Muqatili al-Asha'ir (Forces of the Fighters of the Tribes), a militia affiliated with the military intelligence and promoted by Russia, I noted that the group and similar tribal militias would likely come to greater prominence with the regime offensives to push eastwards and claim areas of Raqqa, Homs and Deir az-Zor provinces from the shrinking Islamic State. Sure enough, Quwat Muqatili al-Asha'ir, under Turki Albu Hamad, who is originally from Raqqa province, has played a notable role in the regime's current offensive in the south Raqqa countryside. Further to the south in the Homs desert, the appearance of Suqur al-Furat (Falcons of the Euphrates) is another case of the rise of tribal militias as the regime and its allies seek to retake areas where the concept of the tribe plays an important part in society.
As a prefatory note though, the Suqur al-Furat under discussion in this article must not be confused with other formations bearing similar name. One group, called al-Muqawama al-Suriya: Suqur al-Jazira wa al-Furat (The Syrian Resistance: Falcons of the Jazira and Euphrates) is officially affiliated with the Syrian Resistance of Ali Kayali (aka Mihrac Ural) that is primarily based in Latakia. However, as Ramy Mahmoud Mahmoud of the Syrian Resistance pointed out to me, Suqur al-Jazira wa al-Furat- which has been trying to recruit Deir az-Zor natives for the campaign to retake Deir az-Zor province including through attempts to win over those in the ranks of the YPG-led Syrian Democratic Forces- acts as virtually independent on account of the 'distance and difficulty of connection.' The group has claimed to have conducted security operations inside Islamic State territory in Deir az-Zor province. In addition, a group bearing the name 'Fawj Suqur al-Jazira wa al-Furat' is affiliated with the Syrian Hezbollah group called the National Ideological Resistance primarily based in Tartous, though little information exists about its activities.
Suqur al-Furat fighters
Suqur al-Furat's basis lies in Sha'itat tribesmen from Deir az-Zor province. The Sha'itat tribe came to prominence in 2014 when the Islamic State massacred hundreds of members of the tribe who rose up in revolt against its rule. The fate of the tribe has been split: a few were already part of the Islamic State and participated in crushing the revolt, others underwent 'repentance' to return to their homes, others fled to rebel-held areas, but others still have sided with the regime, which maintains outposts in Deir az-Zor province's capital and military airport that are still besieged by the Islamic State. At the head of Suqur al-Furat are Aamer al-Aboud al-Bahr and Ghazi Ibrahim al-Dair.
Aamer al-Aboud al-Bahr
Ghazi Ibrahim al-Dair
From the photo of Aamer al-Aboud al-Bahr, it appears that he was involved in Suqur al-Sahara', judging by the insignia on his clothes.* Ghazi Ibrahim al-Dair appears to be the son of Ibrahim al-Dair, a member of the Syrian parliament who was elected in 2016 as an officially independent MP for the Deir az-Zor region. Ibrahim al-Dair is originally from the Abu Hamam area of Deir az-Zor province where the Sha'itat tribe has dwelt. The pro-Assad page al-Sha'itat al-Aan also described Ibrahim al-Dair to me as one of the leaders of Suqur al-Furat, and he has been characterized as the 'general leader' for all pro-Assad Sha'itat fighters.
It should be noted that not all or even most fighters within Suqur al-Furat are necessarily new recruits. According to al-Sha'itat al-Aan, Suqur al-Furat's personnel have been engaged in combat for a while and have either been under the name of Usud al-Sharqiya or Quwat [Muqatili] al-Asha'ir. For context, Usud al-Sharqiya (Lions of the East) is a militia in Deir az-Zor province drawing on Sha'itat tribesmen and closely attached to the renowned Republican Guard general Issam Zahr al-Din.
Posts by one 'Abu Ibrahim al-Sha'iti' help shed further light on Suqur al-Furat's background, both in the more recent past and further back in time during the civil war. Exploring the latter will be of some interest. According to him, after the Sha'itat revolt against the Islamic State was crushed, some Sha'itat fled to Damascus and Homs, while others went to Hasakah, Aleppo, Idlib and Turkey. A Sha'itat notable who came to Damascus (i.e. Ibrahim al-Dair) wrote to Bashar al-Assad, requesting that he establish a military camp for Sha'itat tribesmen in Palmyra, while granting taswiyat al-wad' ('sorting out of affairs': i.e. temporary amnesty) for all those wanted for military service, those who had defected etc. Military officers were then assigned to oversee the training. Following the establishment of the camp, some of the Sha'itat recruits initially participated in operations on the periphery of al-Sukhna against the Islamic State (prior to the major Islamic State offensive in spring-summer 2015 against the regime through the Homs desert). As the Islamic State pressure on Deir az-Zor intensified, a contingent of Sha'itat tribesmen were dispatched to Deir az-Zor- likely contributing to the formation of Usud al-Sharqiya. When Palmyra first fell, Sha'itat fighters were transferred to Damascus, and Ibrahim al-Dair obtained agreement from military officers and officials for the fighters to participate in repelling the Islamic State offensive on Hasakah city (June 2015), the contingent in this case being led by Aamer al-Aboud al-Bahr. They were then brought back to Damascus, and preparations were made to retake Palmyra, and so the Sha'itat fighters were brought to a camp on the peripheries. They then participated in recapturing Palmyra and al-Qaryatayn, only to have to go back to their camp on the Palmyra peripheries when the town fell to the Islamic State again in December 2016.
More recently, by Abu Ibrahim al-Sha'iti's account, on 4 and 8 July, contingents of Sha'itat tribesmen and some other natives of Deir al-Zor arrived in Palmyra. He noted that these contingents arrived under the name of Suqur al-Furat and had previously participated in the recapture of Palmyra for the second time from the Islamic State at the beginning of March 2017, only to have their operations in the Palmyra area suspended by order of the Syrian army command, as the Syrian army and its allies focused on operations in the Tanf area (i.e. advancing along the border areas with Iraq and Jordan). Now though, operations have been restarted under the initiative of 'Coming, oh Deir az-Zor': with alleged plans to take an eventual route going from the T2 pumping station either towards Albukamal or towards the town of al-Ashara just southeast of al-Mayadeen. These operations would of course entail participation of pro-regime Sha'itat tribesmen, such as those in Suqur al-Furat, in part to return to their homes but also to seek revenge for the Islamic State massacres and treatment of the Sha'itat tribe.
As for Suqur al-Furat's organizational links, Abu Ibrahim al-Sha'iti's posts point to relations with the military intelligence, as he mentions 'arming from the Badiya branch in Palmyra' in relation to the arrival of the first contingent. Other posts by him equate Suqur al-Furat organizationally with the Badiya branch, which is also known as the Palmyra branch or branch 221 of the military intelligence.
Since July, the main engagement for Suqur al-Furat has been participating in operations to the north of Palmyra town, including the campaign to recapture the town of al-Sukhna from the Islamic State. From there, one could proceed to link up with the regime's holdings in south Raqqa countryside and/or proceed along the route into Deir az-Zor province.
The existence of Suqur al-Furat further illustrates the importance to the regime of retaking Deir az-Zor province. While much attention is drawn to the participation of Iranian-backed groups in the offensives pushing towards the province and the concept of the Iranian 'land-route' should be taken seriously, it does not follow that they will constitute the vast majority of the forces participating in the operations. The regime also has its own interests in reclaiming the territory, as do groups like Suqur al-Furat, driven by desires to return home but also to exact revenge for the fate that befell the Sha'itat. In the conflicts in Iraq and Syria, much concern has been raised about sectarian abuses committed by forces from one sect/ethnicity against populations of another sect/ethnicity. Yet the concept of revenge- both in the general sense and tribal one in particular- also needs to be taken into account here. Just as a number of extrajudicial killings and acts of brutality in Iraq have actually been intra-Sunni and driven by desires for revenge, so we will likely see this phenomenon in Deir az-Zor province if tribal fighters of Suqur al-Furat and other formations aligned with the regime help retake the province from the Islamic State.
------------------------
*(Appendix note on Suqur al-Sahara'): Suqur al-Sahara' (The Desert Falcons) has had Sha'itat recruits in its ranks. Suqur al-Sahara' is a private militia set up by businessman Muhammad Jaber, who fell into a controversy recently with photos and video footage showing him and his men posing with severed heads. There have been claims that Suqur al-Sahara' has now been dissolved and merged with Fawj Maghawir al-Bahr (Sea Commandos Regiment- aka The Syrian Marines) with Muhammad Jaber supposedly fleeing the country to Russia, but these claims are somewhat misleading. To be sure, all social media pages affiliated with the media centre of Suqur al-Sahara' were shut down on 23 July (with the supposed exception of one for the affairs of the wounded, families of 'martyrs' and members' admin affairs, though that too now seems to have vanished) apparently for 'technical reasons', suggesting something is amiss in relation to the photos and footage of severed heads.
Yet Suqur al-Sahara' has always been closely intertwined with Fawj Maghawir al-Bahr since the latter is in fact led by Muhammad Jaber's brother Aymenn Jaber and both groups had their initial foundations and training in the same person: Staff Brigadier Mohsen Sa'id Hussein, who also once headed the Badiya branch of military intelligence. So a merger would not actually constitute a major change. For its part, a page affiliated with Fawj Maghawir al-Bahr denied to me the claims of the dissolution of Suqur al-Sahara' and stated that Muhammad Jaber's journeys to Russia are a normal thing.
A year after Twitter href="https://beta.techcrunch.com/2014/09/08/twitter-commerce-buy-now/">launched its first commerce product in the form of “buy now” buttons in tweets, get ready to start seeing a whole lot more of them in your feed.
The social media company today is expanding the service in partnership with Bigcommerce, Demandware, and Shopify, three big and well-used commerce platforms, so that merchants using them to run their own online commerce services can now also use their products on Twitter. And it's also signed up some key direct deals with big retail brands. Chief among them is Best Buy, which will use Stripe to power sales directly in tweets.
Twitter's buy buttons remain a U.S.-only product for now. But it is nonetheless a big step ahead for the company in its efforts to build a revenue stream beyond advertising and position itself as a place not only to hear and talk about a product, but to buy that product as well — without leaving Twitter to do it.
“The goal for all our commerce initiatives on Twitter is simple: make it as easy as possible for businesses to connect directly with, and sell to, customers on Twitter,” Twitter's head of commerce, Nathan Hubbard, writes in a blog post about the new expansion. “With Buy Now, businesses can drive more conversions and remove much of the friction in the mobile purchasing process.”
When the Twitter's buy buttons first made their debut in September 2014, Fancy, Gumroad, Musictoday, and Stripe were its initial partners. Twitter widened the funnel yet again earlier this month, when it was named as an early partner for Stripe Relay, a new tool from the e-commerce company to help its merchant customers create native buying experiences on third-party sites.
Today's list, however, includes some of the biggest commerce platforms around at the moment, potentially opening the use of buy buttons to millions of merchants.
I write “potentially” because merchants still have to want to use them, and consumers will still need to click on and purchase them.
Twitter declined to provide any numbers that illustrate how well its “buy now” service has fared so far. It's telling that in the last quarterly earnings statement, the buy button and Twitter's commerce efforts didn't get any mention at all — Twitter made $502 million in revenue, with $452 million of that coming from advertising.
And in the Q2 earnings call, the commerce part of Twitter's business came up only once, prompting a mini-dodge from interim-CEO Jack Dorsey.
“On the commerce side it is still super early for this product but a lot of our focus has been around making tweets more relevant and delivering more relevant tweets faster to people and as we do that everything within the action, within the tweet action benefits, including something like commerce,” he said in response to an analyst asking how “buy” buttons had been faring with consumers.
In other words, adding Bigcommerce, Demandware and Shopify to the mix of e-commerce partners, and inking bigger deals with the likes of Best Buy, are not surprising moves if Twitter is serious about making a go of commerce services. It also comes on the heels of reports that Twitter was already preparing to partner with at least two of them back in August.
On the part of the e-commerce platforms, it's also a natural to see them expanding the list of places where merchants might be able to integrate their services, but while social media has definitely proven to be a strong channel for marketing a product (or complaining about it, as the case may be), it has yet to demonstrate itself as the perfect place for buying.
So for each Twitter integration, for example, Shopify will still look to add a baldly e-commerce partner like Amazon into the mix. But these companies also want to make sure that if there is a future in social commerce, they are right there in the mix.
“Social platforms are at the center of the democratization of retail. Partnering with Twitter and using the Demandware open APIs, Twitter Buy Now will give our retailers a new tool to engage with customers and drive purchases,” said Tom Ebling, chief executive officer at Demandware, in a statement.
Other commerce services that Twitter has developed over the last year have included offers directly to a credit or debit card, and browsing or shopping for collections of products without leaving Twitter.
After reading this weird news story, you will never have to read another weird news story ever again. It has everything: an insane premise, crazy people, crushing irony, sex, crime, and sex crime. It seems an Irish woman died after an allergic reaction to a dog—a dog she had sex with. Yes. Really.
From Ireland, the land of geniuses like James Joyce, Oscar Wilde, and Bono, comes this story of a 43-year-old woman who encountered a man in a bestiality chat room and then met him at his house in Limerick. She had sex with his Alsatian dog and then had a severe allergic reaction shortly afterwards, possibly from the dog's semen. She later died at the hospital. The incident apparently took place in 2008, but medical experts just confirmed the cause of death, because the case is finally making its way to court, not because it took them this long to get over the shock of how she died. The dog owner, Sean McDonnell, is charged with "buggery" for ordering the dog to commit the act. Buggery is apparently still a crime on the books in Ireland, so thank God for that. McDonnell is thought to be the first person charged with it since it was enacted in 1861.
So, next time you hear about a man biting a dog or a delivery driver run over by his own truck, just remember this story and remind yourself it's best to stay away from the weird news.
[Image of a woman and a dog that did not have sex via Shutterstock]
• The American world No34 has lost three play-offs this season • ‘I am starting to see the results from all that hard work'
Kevin Kisner could not help but grin on Wednesday as he smashed one drive after another into a faint diagonal mist that quickly graduated into a steady downpour.
St Andrews Syndrome: contagious and can lead to tartan and tam o'shanters Read more
“If it was raining this hard in the States, we'd probably have to quit,” he said on the beachside driving range adjacent to the Old Course at St Andrews, where he will make his Open debut on Thursday morning. “The golf courses aren't prepared for it. I don't think there's any halting of play over here no matter what, so all that will be new. But it's still who can get the ball in the hole the fastest.”
The 31-year-old from Aiken, South Carolina, had played the Old Course for the first time during a practice round on Tuesday, his easy southern twang dancing with the local caddie's Scottish brogue as they hashed out the shrewd calculus of the world's most fabled links, buoyed by a confidence that's scaled new heights after nearly a decade as a professional golfer.
Over the past year Kisner has soared from No295 to No34 in the world. He enters the Open amid a career-best season in which he has made the cut in 17 of 23 events played – including a run of nine straight since April – with six finishes in the top 10. He ranks eighth on the current money list with $3,103,576 (£1,983,895), nearly twice what he'd made in four previous years on the tour.
While his maiden PGA Tour victory has eluded him in tortuous fashion – he's become the first player to lose three play-offs in a season since Horton Smith in 1937 – Kisner enters the Open as a dangerous floater after tying for 12th at last month's US Open at the links-style Chambers Bay.
Success did not come overnight for Kisner, a self-described good ol' boy who drives a Ford F-150, listens to Colt Ford and lists catching a blue marlin and driving a stock car as the top items on his bucket list. For years he toiled in the obscurity of pro golf's minor leagues, winning events on the NGA Hooters Tour (one) and Tarheel Tour (two) from 2006 through to 2009. He earned his PGA Tour card in 2011, but until last year jockeyed back and forth between golf's top circuit and the developmental Nationwide Tour.
But since teaming up with the swing coach John Tillery a year and a half ago, Kisner's game has taken off.
“I just gained a lot of confidence in my ball-striking,” said Kisner, a small wad of tobacco tucked inside his pursed bottom lip. “I've worked really hard with John and am I starting to see the results from all that hard work. Once you start getting confidence that you can do it, and you start seeing the shots that you're seeing on the range in competition and then on Sunday down the stretch, then that confidence keeps continuing to build.”
While he is a relative newcomer to the sport's topmost echelon, Kisner approaches major championships with the appreciation of a veteran – the measured perspective not often seen in younger players ready-made for stardom.
“These are just one step above everything else that we have all year,” he said. “Obviously you see why the greatest players in the game have always worked their games to play majors. This is the biggest stage that we get. If I get up there I'll build off my finish at the US Open, where I had somewhat of a chance coming down the stretch. Just use that as a kind of guiding light for how to finish this one off.”
Kisner arrived on Monday on a charter flight with a group that included Jordan Spieth after shooting a two-under 69 in Sunday's final round of the John Deere Classic. He has rented a house in nearby Strathkinness, an eight-minute drive from the Old Course, where he is staying with Tillery and his caddie Duane Bock.
His wife, Brittany, is here, though their one-year-old daughter Kathleen Grace stayed at home, forcing the couple to rely on videos and pictures from family: “We haven't even FaceTimed with her, to not upset her.”
Away from the course Kisner, who led the University of Georgia to an NCAA championship in 2005 and graduated with a degree in business management, keeps it simple and straightforward as his game.
“I grew up with great parents, I believe in family, respect others and have great manners,” Kisner said. “I play to win. I've just always been a competitor. Being able to perform in the moment is what drives me.”
On Sunday, here's how I see the College Football Playoff selection committee will rank the nation's top four teams: (1) Clemson, (2) Oklahoma, (3) Georgia, (4) Ohio State.
I think two-loss and Big Ten champion Ohio State gets in over Alabama (11-1), which finished second in the SEC's West Division. That puts Alabama fifth and out of the playoffs for the first time in the brief history of the College Football Playoff.
Let's cut to the chase. After spending all day Saturday checking with bowl sources on the most likely scenarios, here are my updated bowl projections.
All of the projections are based on Washington earning a New Year's Six bid. The final New Year's Six bid is between Washington, Stanford, TCU, and Notre Dame. If I'm correct, Sunday's official pairings should resemble my projections below. If Washington does not get in a New Year's Six bowl, well, uh, wait until next year.
(Teams that have accepted bowl invitations are listed in bold type.)
College Football Playoff
BOWL (CITY) DATE MATCHUP Championship Bowl (Atlanta) Jan. 8 CFP semifinal winners
Projection: Clemson vs. Oklahoma
Semifinals
BOWL (CITY) DATE MATCHUP Rose Bowl (Pasadena) Jan. 1 CFP semifinal
Projection: Oklahoma (CFP No. 2) vs. Georgia (CFP No. 3)
BOWL (CITY) DATE MATCHUP Sugar Bowl (New Orleans) Jan. 1 CFP semifinal
Projection: Clemson (CFP No. 1) vs. Ohio State (CFP No. 4)
New Year's Six bowls
BOWL (CITY) DATE MATCHUP Peach Bowl (Atlanta) Jan. 1 at-large vs. at-large*
Projection: Auburn vs. UCF
BOWL (CITY) DATE MATCHUP Fiesta Bowl (Glendale) Dec. 30 at-large vs. at-large
Projection: USC vs. Wisconsin
BOWL (CITY) DATE MATCHUP Orange Bowl (Miami Gardens) Dec. 30 ACC vs. Big Ten/SEC/ND
Projection: Miami vs. Alabama
BOWL (CITY) DATE MATCHUP Cotton Bowl (Arlington) Dec. 29 at-large vs. at-large
Projection: Penn State vs. Washington
Other bowls
BOWL (CITY) DATE MATCHUP Citrus Bowl (Orlando) Jan. 1 ACC/Big Ten vs. SEC
Projection: Michigan State vs. LSU
BOWL (CITY) DATE MATCHUP Outback Bowl (Tampa) Jan. 1 Big Ten vs. SEC
Projection: Michigan vs. South Carolina
BOWL (CITY) DATE MATCHUP Liberty Bowl (Memphis) Dec. 30 Big 12 vs. SEC
Projection: Iowa State vs. Memphis**
BOWL (CITY) DATE MATCHUP TaxSlayer Bowl (Jacksonville) Dec. 30 ACC/Big Ten vs. SEC
Projection: Virginia Tech vs. Mississippi State
BOWL (CITY) DATE MATCHUP Arizona Bowl (Tucson) Dec. 29 MWC vs. Sun Belt
Projection: Utah State vs. New Mexico State
BOWL (CITY) DATE MATCHUP Belk Bowl (Charlotte) Dec. 29 ACC vs. SEC
Projection: Wake Forest vs. Texas A&M
BOWL (CITY) DATE MATCHUP Music City Bowl (Nashville) Dec. 29 ACC/Big Ten vs. SEC
Projection: Purdue vs. Kentucky
BOWL (CITY) DATE MATCHUP Sun Bowl (El Paso) Dec. 29 ACC vs. Pac-12
Projection: Louisville vs. Arizona State
BOWL (CITY) DATE MATCHUP Alamo Bowl (San Antonio) Dec. 28 Big 12 vs. Pac-12
Projection: TCU vs. Stanford
BOWL (CITY) DATE MATCHUP Camping World Bowl (Orlando) Dec. 28 ACC vs. Big 12
Projection: Notre Dame vs. Oklahoma State
BOWL (CITY) DATE MATCHUP Holiday Bowl (San Diego) Dec. 28 Big Ten vs. Pac-12
Projection: Northwestern vs. Washington State
BOWL (CITY) DATE MATCHUP Military Bowl (Annapolis) Dec. 28 ACC vs. American
Projection: Virginia vs. Navy
BOWL (CITY) DATE MATCHUP Foster Farms Bowl (Santa Clara) Dec. 27 Big Ten vs. Pac-12
Projection: San Diego State** vs. Arizona
BOWL (CITY) DATE MATCHUP Independence Bowl (Shreveport) Dec. 27 ACC vs. SEC
Projection: Florida State vs. Southern Miss**
BOWL (CITY) DATE MATCHUP Pinstripe Bowl (Bronx) Dec. 27 ACC vs. Big Ten
Projection: NC State vs. Iowa
BOWL (CITY) DATE MATCHUP Texas Bowl (Houston) Dec. 27 Big 12 vs. SEC
Projection: Texas vs. Missouri
BOWL (CITY) DATE MATCHUP Cactus Bowl (Phoenix) Dec. 26 Big 12 vs. Pac-12
Projection: West Virginia vs. UCLA
BOWL (CITY) DATE MATCHUP Heart of Dallas Bowl (Dallas) Dec. 26 Big Ten vs. Big 12
Projection: Utah** vs. Kansas State
BOWL (CITY) DATE MATCHUP Quick Lane Bowl (Detroit) Dec. 26 ACC vs. Big Ten
Projection: Duke vs. Central Michigan**
BOWL (CITY) DATE MATCHUP Hawaii Bowl (Honolulu) Dec. 24 American vs. MWC
Projection: Houston vs. Fresno State
BOWL (CITY) DATE MATCHUP Armed Forces Bowl (Fort Worth) Dec. 23 C-USA vs. Army
Projection: UTSA vs. Army
BOWL (CITY) DATE MATCHUP Birmingham Bowl (Birmingham) Dec. 23 American vs. SEC
Projection: USF vs. Texas Tech**
BOWL (CITY) DATE MATCHUP Dollar General Bowl (Mobile) Dec. 23 MAC vs. Sun Belt
Projection: Toledo vs. Appalachian State
BOWL (CITY) DATE MATCHUP Bahamas Bowl (Nassau) Dec. 22 C-USA vs. MAC
Projection: UAB vs. Ohio
BOWL (CITY) DATE MATCHUP Idaho Potato Bowl (Boise) Dec. 22 MAC vs. MWC
Projection: Northern Illinois vs. Wyoming
BOWL (CITY) DATE MATCHUP Gasparilla Bowl (St. Petersburg) Dec. 21 American vs. C-USA
Projection: Boston College** vs. FIU
BOWL (CITY) DATE MATCHUP Frisco Bowl (Frisco) Dec. 20 American vs. MAC/MWC
Projection: SMU vs. Louisiana Tech
BOWL (CITY) DATE MATCHUP Boca Raton Bowl (Boca Raton) Dec. 19 American vs. C-USA
Projection: Temple vs. Florida Atlantic
BOWL (CITY) DATE MATCHUP Camellia Bowl (Montgomery) Dec. 16 MAC vs. Sun Belt
Projection: Akron vs. Arkansas State
BOWL (CITY) DATE MATCHUP Cure Bowl (Orlando) Dec. 16 American vs. Sun Belt
Projection: Marshall** vs. Georgia State
BOWL (CITY) DATE MATCHUP Las Vegas Bowl (Las Vegas) Dec. 16 MWC vs. Pac-12
Projection: Boise State vs. Oregon
BOWL (CITY) DATE MATCHUP New Mexico Bowl (Albuquerque) Dec. 16 C-USA vs. MWC
Projection: Western Kentucky vs. Colorado State
BOWL (CITY) DATE MATCHUP New Orleans Bowl (New Orleans) Dec. 16 C-USA vs. Sun Belt
Projection: North Texas vs. Troy
*The highest-rated champion from the Group of 5 conferences (American Athletic, Conference USA, Mid-American, Mountain West, and Sun Belt) will be selected to play in either the Cotton, Fiesta, or Peach Bowl. If Army is bowl eligible, it must play in the Armed Forces Bowl.
**Replaces team from league that can't fill bowl.
Brett McMurphy has been a college football reporter for nearly 30 years. He is a longtime voter in The Associated Press poll as well as a Heisman Trophy voter. Find him on Twitter @brett_mcmurphy or on Facebook.
(Photos courtesy: Getty Images)
Motorbase Performance's third Next Generation Touring Car-specification Ford Focus has had its maiden track outing, in the hands of Michael Caine.
The as-yet unliveried machine completed its first laps today at Snetterton, ahead of its introduction later in the season.
Although it is sporting the Airwaves colours, the car will be run alongside the Addison Lee-branded Super 2000 Focus of Liam Griffin, under the watchful eye of team manager Andy Dean.
Mat Jackson and Aron Smith were also testing at the Norfolk track in the the team's other two NGTC cars.
Caine previously raced for Motorbase in the British Touring Car Championship in 2011, making his debut at Rockingham and also competing in the the penultimate round at Brands Hatch. He scored the best result of 10th in his first race.
When they take an international flight most people's top concerns are catching their plane and not losing any luggage, but not Nate Bolt. When Bolt took an 11-hour flight from San Francisco to Paris he had more on his mind than catching some Z's.
Equipped with a professional camera, a tripod, and a time-lapse controller, Bolt attempted to capture the entire flight in a series of still photos, captured every few seconds. He had planned to combine the still photos to create a movie but halfway through the flight he saw something he didn't plan on.
Though he couldn't see it with his naked eyes, the photo previews were clearly showing a vivid aurora borealis. The subtle greens weren't noticeable with just a casual glance out the airplane window, but the long exposure of the camera enhanced the barely detectible light and colors of the night sky and amplified the aurora borealis to make for a colorful series of still photos.
Once on the ground, Bolt says he spent 10-15 hours stitching together all 2,459 still photos into a two-minute movie that has become an Internet sensation.
While the video is fast-approaching the view count of Youtube's most viewed aurora borealis video, it hasn't caught up yet - and not surprisingly - that video is something to behold as well.
Watch Nate Bolt's video here, and let us know what you think below.
Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window)
Tim Lincecum is ducking the Phillies. Or Vance Worley, anyway.
The Giants scratched their ace, who looked just fine at the White House yesterday, with a case of “the flu” Tuesday and moved up Barry Zito in the rotation to replace him in tonight's showdown.
I think Lincecum just wanted to take his chances with Cole Hamels instead of the red-hot Worley. Worley has allowed one run or fewer in six straight starts, the longest such streak in the NL this season. If he can do it again tonight, he'll match Justin Verlander for the majors' longest streak this season.
Lincecum, on the other hand, has allowed one run or fewer in a mere five of his last six starts. He's 8-8 with a 2.90 ERA, while Worley is 6-1 with a 2.02 ERA.
Although some consumers burn firewood only occasionally during the holidays, others rely on firewood as a major source for heating their homes during the winter months. Regardless of the reason for purchasing firewood, consumers should become familiar with Georgia Department of Agriculture regulations governing this product. Those selling firewood also should be familiar with these regulations to ensure all advertising and sales are in compliance with Georgia law.
According to regulations administered by the department's Fuels and Measures office, wood of any type sold as fuel for fireplaces or stoves must be sold by the cord or cubic measure. A cord is defined as 128 cubic feet of wood stacked by the line or row in a compact manner with individual pieces touching. The cord can be four feet high, four feet wide (deep) and eight feet long, or any combination of these measurements (height, width and length) that yield 128 cubic feet of firewood (4 ft. x 4 ft. x 8 ft. = 128 cubic feet).
Although consumers easily can measure the height and length of a cord of wood, they should pay particular attention to the width (depth) of the cord. Since it is impractical to cut firewood into lengths of four feet for most uses, consumers likely will want the wood in more manageable lengths of 24 or 16 inches for use in fireplaces and stoves. Therefore, for wood stacked in rows four feet high and eight feet long, it will take two rows of 24-inch wood or three rows of 16-inch wood to provide a width (depth) of four feet (48 inches).
Departmental regulations require that firewood must be advertised and sold only by the cord, fraction of a cord, or in cubic measure, said Rich Lewis, director of the fuel and measures section. However, consumers may see the words “truckload, face cord or rack” in connection with firewood advertisements, but these are not legally recognized measurements..
“Consumers may find firewood sold in small bundles or shrink-wrapped packages at convenience stores and other retail outlets, Lewis said. “However, the Department requires that the quantity of the firewood be clearly displayed on the package in terms of cubic measure so the consumer will know the exact amount of wood purchased.
Department rules also state that firewood must be designated within 10 percent accuracy as to the type or species of wood. For instance, a cord may be advertised as 50 percent oak and 50 percent hickory as long as the percentage of each species is not off by more than 10 percent.
Some firewood sellers state in their ads that the selling price includes stacking the wood. If the seller does stack the firewood upon delivery, consumers are advised to check the dimensions of the stacked wood before completing the transaction to ensure they have the quantity of wood they agreed to purchase. Any discrepancies can then be resolved before the sale is completed and the seller leaves the premises.
If the seller does not advertise that he/she will stack the wood when it is delivered, the consumer should be prepared to stack the wood upon delivery in order to verify the quantity before completing the sale.
Knowing and adhering to the department's rules concerning firewood sales will help both the buyer and seller in completing a transaction that will be satisfactory for both parties.
A cord is defined as 128 cubic feet of wood stacked by the line or row in a compact manner with individual pieces touching; it can be four feet high, four feet wide (deep), and eight feet long, or any combination of these measurements (height, width and length) that yields 128 cubit feet.
McKinnon said the city will now call in a slope expert on an emergency contract to do a "comprehensive review" of the walled area of the Claremont, not just the newly discovered problem area.
He said the city did an access-wide wall condition assessment following the 2012 landslide.
"But the problem is you can look at the state of the wall, but you don't necessarily know what's going on behind it," McKinnon said. Experts fingered heavy vegetation along the wall as a main factor in the 2012 slide — but the city can't uproot trees growing atop the wall for fear of causing more damage.
The Spectator reported in 1971 the city was a pioneer in the use of the retaining walls for an escarpment access in Canada. The walls — some towering up to eight metres high — were bolted into the rock face over a layer of crushed stone.
"Rock slides won't be a hazard on Hamilton's $11 million Claremont Access," the 1971 article announced.
That guarantee has proven overly optimistic 45 years later. "At this point, I'd say we're approaching the end of (the wall's) useful life," McKinnon said.
He said the short-term priority is to figure out what can be done to safely reopen the downbound Claremont lanes to 22,000-or-so daily commuters.
But the city is also looking ahead to try to determine and cost out a long-term solution for the access. Removing the aging walls, for example, could cost tens of millions of dollars.
Do you know your Mountain accesses?
Better learn fast if you're seeking a downbound alternative to the closed Claremont.
Beckett Drive (the Queen Street hill) connects Queen Street South to Garth Street on the west Mountain.
Claremont Access links Upper James Street to Wellington Street South and Victoria Avenue South.
James Mountain Road connects James Street South to West 5th Street on the Mountain.
Jolley Cut links John Street South and Upper Wellington Street.
Kenilworth Access links Kenilworth Avenue South to Mountain Brow Boulevard via Flock Road and to Crockett Street via the Sherman Cut.
Sherman Access connects Charlton Avenue East to Crockett Street at Upper Sherman Avenue via the Sherman Cut.
RELATED:
The Spectator's View: Are we doing enough about rock fall risk?
Bulging Claremont retaining walls at risk of failure: study
City will act on 'high risk' rock slides on Hamilton Mountain accesses
mvandongen@thespec.com
905-526-3241 | @Mattatthespec
When you go to a movie projected in 3D, you'll often see grown men and women swiping in the air as if they could touch the images floating in front of them. Wouldn't it be wonderful if we could actually interact with the objects in 3D space? Even better, what if the object in 3D space was viewable from multiple angles like a hologram? That's what a company called Infinite Z is doing with its display and input device that goes by the name zSpace. This technology combines stereoscopic images with infrared cameras that actually track head and hand movements to construct a more realistic holographic effect.
For the zSpace illusion to work, you need to wear a pair of special glasses. Not only do the glasses perform the required image separation for stereoscopy, but they also have embedded infrared reflectors to help the system track your head. This allows you to move your head so that you can view a hovering object from different perspectives. The screen actually changes what is being displayed based on where you're looking at it. This innovation allows the illusion of three dimensions to work much more effectively. When you add the ability to manipulate objects in 3D space with its special stylus, this stops being a gimmick. This actually has real-world uses now.
The zSpace is designed for professionals working in fields like 3D modeling, so it is priced accordingly. It's available for $3,995, but the MIT Technology Review notes that people enrolled in Infinite Z's developer program can buy a device for only $1,500. For those of you interested in developing software that takes advantage of this technology, an SDK is available for download alongside documentation and webinars covering relevant information.
This technology isn't just useful for professionals, though. Browsing through a white paper written by Robert Earl Patterson [PDF], with help from Infinite Z, it's obvious that the potential for interactive 3D displays is endless. The 3D technology in video game systems like the Sony PlayStation 3 or Nintendo 3DS is child's play compared to the capabilities of this system. When these interactive 3D displays work their way downmarket, 3D gaming will actually make sense. When you can interact with a digital object as if it was real, that experience can lead to interesting and unique gameplay instead of the tacked-on 3D we have now.
Alternate reality and 3D immersion have been promised for a long time, and this is a big step forward. With traditional 3D technologies, the illusion is broken the second you start moving your head around. If this technology can get enough momentum in the high-end market, consumers will reap the benefits only a few years down the road. Now we wait for the price of this technology to drop low enough for the consumer market.
Now read: 3D TV: Will 2012 be the year to trash the glasses?
Come Nov. 3, I will be enthusiastically voting in Ohio for Issue 3, a ballot initiative that will make recreational marijuana use legal in the Buckeye State. Issue 3 is in many ways an absolutely flawed piece of legislation--so much so, in fact, that many of its harshest critics are people who believe in legalization.
But let's be clear about the stakes here: Any law that makes pot legal is preferable to a status quo that empowers the police to arrest 700,000 people a year (almost all for simple possession) and that underwrites black-market violence around a substance nearly half of American adults have used.
Before we get to why some pro-pot people are dissing Issue 3, take a few moments to chill and hold this thought in your head like you would a long, smooth bong hit in your lungs: Ohio is the ultimate embodiment of mythical “middle America” and a state that once plastered “the Heart of It All” on its license plates. It's poised to become just the fifth state to legalize weed--before liberal blue states like California, Maryland, New York, Massachusetts, and perhaps most importantly, before its dark twin in college sports and economic dissipation, Michigan. Given its paradigmatic normalcy, Ohio can be the place where the drug war—or at least the war on pot—finally goes to die.
And it may well happen. According to the most recent Kent State poll registered voters, fully 58 percent of registered voters support allowing Ohioans to “legally possess small amounts of marijuana for personal use.” If that percentage sounds familiar, that's because it precisely matches the national percentage supporting pot legalization in the latest Gallup survey on the topic.
Issue 3 would allow adults over 21 years old to buy and carry up to an ounce of marijuana and, if they got a permit (likened to a fishing license in voter-education materials), to grow up to eight ounces of weed for personal use.
The traditional foes of pot legalization—such as Republican Gov. John Kasich, various police groups and unions, and education organizations—are against legalization under any circumstances for all the tired and falsified reasons: Pot is a gateway drug, it's more dangerous than alcohol, ad nauseum (for a fact-based debunking of every anti-pot canard ever, I recommend my magazine's website's archive on marijuana).
So what's the beef of the pro-legalizers? The controversy stems from Issue 3's creation of 10 “Marijuana Growth, Cultivation and Extraction” (MGCE) facilities or growing zones. These would have a monopoly on commercial production within Ohio and the investors in the MCGEs are also the people promoting and paying for the Issue 3 campaign. The initiative precludes collusion among the commercial investors (who include figures ranging from singer Nick Lachey to basketball great Oscar Robertson) and also nixes any kind of vertical integration with the up to 1,100 retail stores that could be licensed to sell weed. As it does with liquor stores, the state government will limit the number of pot shops based on a county's or city's population.
“It's disgusting to me,” the head of the pro-legalization group Ohioans to End Prohibition told the Cincinnati Enquirer. “The idea that any group or corporation has the exclusive right to grow marijuana and sell it. It's not plutonium. It's an agricultural commodity that should be regulated like one.”
As a libertarian, I totally agree with that sentiment and would prefer a true open market in pot. However, at the same time, there are political realities and social dynamics to consider. As Ian James, the director of Responsible Ohio, the group organizing the campaign for Issue 3, told NPR, “We are Ohio, folks. We're not a blue state or a red state. We're a very purple, middle-of-the-road state.... And that requires that you have a middle-of-the-road approach that doesn't always sit well with the right and it doesn't always sit well with the left.”
Allowing 10 entrants into a market is hardly the textbook definition of “monopoly,” especially when home growing is a legal alternative. More to the point, perhaps, limits on growing options can always be changed. It seems to me that the best course of action is to legalize now and reform later aspects of the law that don't work or offend for other reasons.
I haven't smoked pot in years and don't plan to if—when—it becomes legal in Ohio. I want to see it legalized because I believe we have the right to ingest the intoxicants of our choice and that it's settled that any serious social problems associated with marijuana stem from its black-market status, not its unique chemistry. Pragmatically, legalizing pot would be great for Ohio in terms of tax revenue and increasing individual freedom, just like it's been in Colorado. It would even give a state that's long been in the economic doldrums some energy and excitement.
And Issue 3 also provides Ohio a chance to be on the cutting edge of a mind-blowing legal issue. That Kent State poll that found that 58 percent of Ohioans favor pot legalization also found that 56 percent of registered voters plan on voting yes on Issue 3. At the same time, however, 54 percent also plan on voting for Issue 2, an initiative placed on the ballot by the legislature to invalidate Issue 3. Issue 2 specifically invalidates any constitutional amendment that gives the state the right to grant any “monopoly, duopoly, or cartel” to an industry.
So come Nov. 4, Ohio voters may have elected both to legalize pot and to invalidate that law at the same time. That outcome will land in the state Supreme Court and certainly set legal precedent. And in possibly reflecting the ambivalence of voters who want to end the pot prohibition but have lingering reservations, Ohio may indeed be the perfect incarnation of today's America.
Although Christmas is supposed to mean peace on earth and goodwill to all men, this goodwill appears not to extend to the Liberal Democrats – or Vince Cable anyway. The Lib Dem leader has become the topic du jour for political journalists over the December dry season – with both the Guardian and Times publishing scathing articles on Cable's failure to unite his party and ‘spark Lib Dems into life‘ (see Steerpike's November report for a pre-cursor to the latest Lib Dem fear and loathing).
Now questions are being asked over Cable's suitability – and whether he even wants the job. This hasn't been helped by Cable telling Politico his new year resolution is to ‘work less and sleep more'. So, in the interest of transparency, Mr S thought it important to highlight a letter Cable wrote to Dear Mary in the Spectator Christmas issue. In it, Cable asks the Spectator‘s agony aunt whether party leadership or ballroom dancing ought to come first:
From Sir Vince Cable MP Q. I have an unfulfilled ambition to win a national title for ballroom dancing in my age group. But this leadership thing gets in the way of my training. What's more important — Parliament's squabbling schoolroom or Blackpool's twinkle-toes ballroom? A. What's all this either/or business? These days the only way to become a leader is to become a celebrity first. Viz Trump. If they like you as leader it won't be because you've got the ‘leadership thing' — it will have been the twinkle toes that swung it.
Mr S suspects some of Cable's colleagues would be happy to see him focus solely on his dancing. ‘The foxtrot is the only thing Vince seems able to successfully do. This Christmas the only thing you would leave him in charge of is the Werther's Original tin, not a political party,' snarks a Lib Dem source.
Battery life is one of the key features that most consumers want to see upgraded in their new phone, even ahead of slimmer designs and faster processors. Ironically, having the longest battery life doesn't really sell more phones, while other more visible features certainly do. To be fair, from the dozens of phones we've tested in the past couple of years, very few have had terrible battery performance. But what's great and what's not in today's market?
For this article, we'll be looking at over 500 hours of battery life testing across 12 tests, to ensure we have the best possible picture of how current generation phones perform. On the test bench today is basically every high-end Android phone we've reviewed in the last 12+ months. We haven't been able to test every single phone on the market, but we are covering all the big guns, including the Samsung Galaxy S8+, LG G6, HTC U11, Huawei P10, OnePlus 5, Google Pixel XL and more. Every phone we are testing is currently available to purchase, with prices ranging from $400 upwards.
Along with camera quality, one of the most important aspects to any smartphone is its battery life
It's worth mentioning that every phone has been tested in the same way, under the same conditions. There's no subjectivity or usage opinions here; we ran every phone through repeatable tests, collected the numbers, and put them into easy-to-read charts for your viewing pleasure.
Phone Battery Capacity Display Size Google Pixel XL 3,450 mAh 5.5-inch HTC U Ultra 3,000 mAh 5.7-inch HTC U11 3,000 mAh 5.5-inch Huawei P10 3,200 mAh 5.1-inch Huawei Mate 9 4,000 mAh 5.9-inch LG G6 3,300 mAh 5.7-inch (18:9) Motorola Moto Z2 Play 3,000 mAh 5.5-inch OnePlus 5 3,300 mAh 5.5-inch Samsung Galaxy S8+ (Exynos) 3,500 mAh 6.2-inch (18.5:9) Xiaomi Mi 6 3,350 mAh 5.15-inch
Let's get on with the benchmarks!
We have two web browsing tests that we have performed on Wi-Fi, the results above belong to the more intensive of the two.
There seems to be a performance floor of around five hours, where phones like the OnePlus 5 and LG G6 sit. Like most tests, this one does favor large batteries and smaller displays, which is why the Xiaomi Mi 6 performs very well.
Larger phones – those with 5.5-inch or larger displays – that don't opt for larger-than-average batteries tend to perform down the bottom. The end result is opting for something like the Xiaomi Mi 6 over the OnePlus 5 could give you 85% more battery life.
Our second Wi-Fi browsing test is less intensive and more closely reflects "real-world" web browsing scenarios. There is a bit of a shuffle at the top end, with the Mate 9 taking the lead over the Mi 6, however devices like the LG G6 and HTC U11 still fall at the bottom. The median result on this test is around eight hours, so phones like the G6 don't hold up well.
Switching from Wi-Fi to 4G LTE in the same test negatively impacts the battery life of every single phone in our testing group, except for the Huawei P10, which remains on-par with its Wi-Fi result. The general order of phone's performance is similar though.
On average, battery life is reduced by 16% when switching from Wi-Fi to LTE. If you thought you were saving battery by disabling Wi-Fi for transferring data, think again.
On average, battery life is reduced by 16% when switching from Wi-Fi to LTE
The Exynos Galaxy S8+ dropped the most, at 27%, while Snapdragon flagships tended to fall consistently in the 19 to 24 percent decrease range. This supports most reports that suggest the integrated modem in Snapdragon SoCs is more efficient than their Exynos counterpart, though only marginally.
The last browser test we performed is Basemark Web 3.0, which is a processor-intensive workload that pushes phones to their limits, both on the CPU and GPU fronts. The Moto Z2 Play succeeds here because it doesn't have a top end SoC, despite costing $500; the Snapdragon 626 instead uses its lower performance and therefore lower power consumption to its advantage, more than doubling the battery life of some other phones.
Here you can appreciate the efficiency advantage of Qualcomm's high-end Snapdragon SoCs relative to its Exynos and Kirin competition. The Galaxy S8+, for example, has a 3,500 mAh battery but is beaten by the roughly 3,300 mAh batteries in the LG G6 and Xiaomi Mi 6.
The Huawei Mate 9, despite having a 4,000 mAh battery, gets crushed.
PCMark is one of my favorite tests because it represents a wide variety of typical smartphone tasks. Phones that score well in this battery test tend to have the best "real world" battery life throughout a day of typical use.
Once again we see a strong result from the 5.15-inch Xiaomi Mi 6, and weaker results from better known flagships like the LG G6 and HTC U11. The Galaxy S8+ sits in the middle of the pack with a respectable result.
There's another PCMark battery test available, which uses the newer and more intensive Work 2.0 workload. The general order of phones remains very similar, although the Pixel XL slips down a few places.
How long can you game on these flagship phones? GFXBench will give us a good idea, starting with the older and less intensive T. rex test. Results here are varied, with some odd outliers like the OnePlus 5 significantly outperforming other handsets.
GFXBench Manhattan 3.1 is a much, much more intensive test that sucks up battery life and throttles SoCs like nothing else. Interestingly, there is not necessarily strong correlation between a greater level of throttling and longer battery life. The U11 lasts the longest of the Snapdragon 800-series flagships, however the Xiaomi Mi 6 throttles more and the LG G6 throttles around the same amount.
There are two notable results here: the Exynos-powered Galaxy S8+ and Huawei P10 both throttle significantly, but neither can match the HTC U11 nor Xiaomi Mi 6.
The Huawei P10 in particular throttles by nearly 50 percent yet it falls almost at the bottom of the chart. Clearly the GPU in the Kirin 960 is not efficient.
A 40-YEAR-OLD west Clare man today appeared in court charged in connection with the possession of the first book to be banned here in nearly two decades.
Last year, ‘The Raped Little Runaway' by Jean Martin and published by Star Distributors Ltd became the first book to be banned by the Irish Censorship of Publications Board since 1998.
The Board found that the book – which contains multiple descriptions of child rape – to be ‘indecent' and ‘obscene'.
In the case before Ennis District Court today, the accused – who cannot be named for legal reasons – is also being prosecuted for the sexual assault of a boy aged under 10 more than a decade ago at the accused's home.
The Censorship of Publications Board voted to prohibit ‘The Raped Little Runaway' at a meeting on March 1st last year and its decision prohibited the sale and distribution of the book in the State.
At the time, Board chairman, Shane McCarthy said the decision was unanimous among the five board members.
He said: ”It was the only resort…The collective view of the board was that it was a vile publication as it contained graphic descriptions of the rape of a minor.”
In the case before the district court today, the west Clare man was charged with knowingly having in his possession child pornography – ‘The Raped Little Runaway' at his home on 28 November 2015 – four months before the book was banned by the censors.
The man is charged under Section Six of the Child Trafficking and Pornography Act.
The case is to go forward to the circuit court where penalties for such an offence can be up to five years in jail on conviction.
The man also faces two counts of the sexual assault of a boy aged under ten at the time at the accused's home on dates between 1 January 2001 to 31 December 2004.
The alleged victim is related to the accused. If convicted of the sexual assault charge, the accused in the circuit court faces a prison term up to five years.
On 12 December, the man was arrested at his home by Det Garda Donal Corkery of Kilrush Garda Station for the purpose of being charged with the three offences.
Judge Patrick Durcan today remanded the man on bail to appear before Ennis District Court on 26 April for the serving of a Book of Evidence.
So im watchin dis movie "The Edge". It has a black guy in it and two white guys. So they all get stranded in da forest ok and then one of da white guys says "hey lets make a compass with dis needle I have!" and da other white guy is like "yeah we can make it out of here alive, we can build...
So im watchin dis movie "The Edge". It has a black guy in it and two white guys. So they all get stranded in da forest ok and then one of da white guys says "hey lets make a compass with dis needle I have!" and da other white guy is like "yeah we can make it out of here alive, we can build a fire and hunt" and da black guy is all like "omg we not gonna make it, we gonna die!!!". They make da black guy look like hes crazy and all panicking and make da white guys look all confident and brave.
Then da white guy axes da black guy to make a spear and gives him a knife and da black messes up and cuts his own leg really badly. Why make da black guy make a spear? like hes in a tribe or something? This is an american black guy ok who probly went to college, its not some black guy out of da Congo ok. So they insult him and make him make a spear then they make him look stupid when he cant even do that right and hurts himself.
Then a bear smells da blood and ends up eating da black guy while he's still alive and screamin and da white guys watch and run away and get to live.
But can this even really happen? A black guy getting eated by a bear? I thought animals can only eat animals in there own food chain. There are no bears running through Compton or Harlem last time I checked and black guys dont hike and do stuff white people do so why would a bear even try to eat a black guy? It's not part of his natural ecosystem to eat a black man right? Is it possible or just hollywood being racist?
Pin +1 Share 57 Shares
“I've been saying for a year and a half that the best thing we could do, politically speaking is to let Obamacare explode,” the president said Friday afternoon at the White House. “I think what will happen is Obamacare, will, unfortunately, explode. It is going to have a bad year.”
“I thought the president's comments today were actually outstanding,” Levin said on his radio program Friday evening. “He said okay, we'll fight another day.”
“In essence he said that events will reach a point where this will have to be resolved,” Levin said. “‘Mark, that's not leadership!' [you might say] But it kind of is. I'm not making a comparison. It is the way that Dwight Eisenhower managed. When things reach a certain point, they'll be knocking on my door and we can move forward.”
Comments
For a long time, Tumblr founder David Karp was New York's one-man answer to Silicon Valley. He looked just like a typical Valley entrepreneur. Young, floppy-haired, and often sporting a hoodie, Karp was obsessive about his product. Revenue and business development seemed lower down on the agenda. Just like Silicon Valley start-ups, Karp was willing to take on tens of millions of dollars in venture capital to execute his vision. As conventional Valley wisdom goes, he built an audience (a massive one, 300 million-strong), and assumed that advertisers would be eager to buy ads.
When they didn't, Tumblr sold. Yahoo acquired the company for $1.1bn in May. The company had just $16m left in the bank, out of the $125m it had raised from venture capitalists.
It's no coincidence that, around the same time, New York's other poster child for Silicon Valley-like success, Foursquare, experienced the same thing. After five years of venture capital-supported growth and little revenue, the social networking app was running low on funds. The company had to scramble to convince new investors that it could make money through paid recommendations of local restaurants and bars. Foursquare eventually raised debt to avoid taking a "down round", which would have valued the company lower than in past rounds of funding. CEO Dennis Crowley, New York tech's other visionary, was suddenly on the defensive.
New York tech is growing up. But with the growth comes some pain.
Back when Tumblr and Foursquare were getting started (2007 and 2009, respectively), New York's tech scene was more of a small community than a thriving ecosystem. You had high profile media start-ups like The Huffington Post intermixed with a handful of successful advertising and financial tech companies serving the city's traditional industries. And that was about it.
Political support
But the financial meltdown of 2008 had some of the smarter graduates reconsidering their banking ambitions, creating a new population for the New York tech industry. "A lot of talented people coming out of school decided not to tuck their shirts in after they graduated," says Ed Zimmerman, chair of the tech group at law firm Lowenstein Sandler.
Meanwhile, mayor Michael Bloomberg – himself an entrepreneur – became New York tech's loudest cheerleader. He backed it up, too, launching initiatives like the "We are Made in NY" portal, BigApps, a contest for building apps on the city's application programming interface (API), and WiredNYC, a rating platform that for Internet speed in office buildings.
Prior to this new Bloomberg-endorsed era, New York start-ups had a reputation for focusing too much on monetisation. That's not always encouraged in Silicon Valley, where irrational risk-taking and wild ambition – the kind of guts and vision demonstrated by Karp and Crowley – creates the magical home runs. You don't build a Facebook, or Google, or Twitter by optimizing for revenue on day one, the thinking goes. This new era was all about building a Silicon Valley-style company. The crowd at a New York Tech Meetup, which boasts 33,000 members, famously boos anyone who asks about business models.
New York is now home to more than 1,000 start-ups spanning a broad range of industries. Tech is the city's second-largest contributor to private sector wages after finance, according to a new study commissioned by the mayor's private foundation. Since 2007, tech and information services jobs have grown 11% to 262,000 positions, which create $3bn in annual salaries. New York emerged from its 2008 recession faster than the rest of the US thanks to its booming tech sector, according to the report. Some of that growth comes via Silicon Valley. Google's Chelsea offices employ more than 3,000 people; a number of top-tier venture firms including Accel Partners, NEA and Canaan Partners have opened offices in New York.
But the tales of Tumblr and Foursquare serve as a warning to the city's wide-eyed entrepreneurs: Even with 300 million monthly unique users or a hit app, it's still a brutal fight to survive. Rather than patiently build a 100-year company, New York's most promising start-ups have sold out. In addition to Tumblr, big exits from recent years include Buddy Media, Makerbot, Kayak, and Indeed.com (which is technically based in Connecticut), all of which made hundreds of millions of dollars when they sold.
These deals represent a huge success. They bring attention to New York tech, while turning their employees into angel investors. But they're also a big problem New York's tech scene, according to Fred Wilson, an investor at Union Square Ventures who are often called the "godfather" of New York tech.
"It's a mystery to me why we're 20 years in, and where is the $25bn iconic tech company?" says Wilson. "It would be great to have our own Google, Facebook, Twitter, eBay, Amazon or Yahoo." New Yorkers were less idealistic about their companies than their West Coast counterparts, he believes.
Next generation
As New York tech matures, it sidesteps the comparisons to Silicon Valley. Sure, New York may never overtake the Valley in terms of companies started, funds raised, or acquisition offers rejected. Five years into New York's tech revival, the city has stopped trying to be Silicon Valley 2.0 and started playing to its own strengths.
Perhaps the city's biggest strength is that it's not Silicon Valley. Tech companies in New York exist among Wall Street banks, Madison Avenue agencies, fashion houses, and media conglomerates. "You can't get that same diversity of industry and background in San Francisco," says Kathryn Minshew, co-founder and CEO of The Muse. She moved her company back to New York after completing Y Combinator's accelerator program in Palo Alto. "Some of the best product feedback I've got on The Muse has come from a friend working in theatre or at an advertising agency," she says, adding, "in other words, a million miles away from start-up culture."
Amid all these legacy industries, New York start-ups are underdogs, argues Josh Miller, founder of an online message-board called Branch. He also moved his company to New York after a stint in San Francisco. "Here, the start-up scene feels like a movement," he wrote in a recent blog post.
With Foursquare's experiences a downturn, and with Tumblr tucked away inside Yahoo, a new set of companies is poised to lead New York's start-up scene. They range from the high fashion commerce of Gilt Groupe to the quirky marketplace of Brooklyn-based Etsy. AppNexus, an ad-tech platform with 500 employees, is expected to go public soon, and Outbrain, a media tech company, is also expected to do so. WeWork, a real estate start-up, is quickly expanding its brand of community-driven co-working spaces to San Francisco and LA. Kickstarter's crowdfunding platform has funded 49,316 projects to the tune of $807m, revolutionising the way filmmakers, musicians and hardware companies raise money. ZocDoc, which boasts more than 450 employees, is changing the way 2.5 million people get access to doctors. NoSQL database vendor MongoDB was recently called the "King of New York start-ups" after it raised an eye-popping $150m in funding at a valuation of $1.2 bn.
These companies, and the followers they inspire, are less shy about embracing revenue, even if it's at the expense of a big, magical, idealistic vision. "People have started doing this as business, not just as religion or passion, says Jen Berrent, a partner at New York law firm WilmerHale who's worked with start-ups since late 1990s. "I do think (a focus on revenue) is more in the blood here than it seems to be out west. You can be a little less visionary and try to build a real business."
Spin-offs
The new class of NYC tech leaders aren't pure, cold-blooded capitalists. They have strong, diverse missions. The one thing the next generation has in common is that it's not trying to be Silicon Valley. New York start-ups are embracing the city's myriad of strengths. Kickstarter and Etsy have capitalised on the creative, community-driven maker movement that's spreading from Brooklyn to the world. WeWork is innovating on the city's thriving real estate industry, building communities around New York's high-rise buildings. AppNexus, Outbrain and Gilt Groupe are built around the city's iconic advertising, real estate and fashion industries.
Beyond that, these companies' successes are already creating spin-offs. AppNexus has already seen ex-employees start and raise capital for several companies, including TripleLift and Rockerbox. Gilt Groupe, which has over 1,000 employees, has been built on talent from the fashion industry, but has also spawned its own "mafia" of founders, many of whom left the company to launch or join fashion-related start-ups including 1stdibs.com, Birchbox and Moda Operandi. Former Gilt Groupe staff have also ended up at non-fashion start-ups such as Movable Ink, Vine, and Pivotal Labs.
The new class of NYC leaders play to the strengths of New York, a diverse city with deep institutional knowledge about a few major industries. They are making money, and they're likely to remain independent. The new generation will head to the stock exchange, not be on the lookout for buyers.
The CEOs of Kickstarter and Etsy have both said they plan to stay independent. Kickstarter CEO Perry Chen says he wants Kickstarter to be independent forever, and his investors are on-board on that basis. Etsy CEO Chad Dickerson has hinted the company will take a non-traditional route to paying back its venture capitalists, possibly through recapitalisation and debt financing. He'd like Etsy to remain private and independent, a rare feat for venture capital-backed companies.
For now, at least, New York's tech is not for sale.
If you would like to comment on this article or anything else you have seen on Future, head over to our Facebook page or message us on Twitter.
Photo credit: @MicroMagicJuice | Twitter
<h1>According to the FBI, both Virginia Governor Terry McAuliffe and AnTiFa could both be charged under the Deprivation of Rights Color Code Title 18, U.S.C., Section 242</h1>
<blockquote class="twitter-tweet" data-lang="en"><p lang="en" dir="ltr">What now, <a href="https://twitter.com/GovernorVA">@GovernorVA</a>? If <a href="https://twitter.com/FBI">@FBI</a> and <a href="https://twitter.com/TheJusticeDept">@TheJusticeDept</a> do their job, you're going to prison. <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/Charolettesville?src=hash">#Charolettesville</a> <a href="https://t.co/dMgacLvkbb">pic.twitter.com/dMgacLvkbb</a></p>— MicroNewRightLeader™ (@MicroMagicJuice) <a href="https://twitter.com/MicroMagicJuice/status/896892694173241345">August 14, 2017</a></blockquote>
<script async src="//platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script>
This could result in a massive shift of the winds in the clear-cut Anti-White bigotry which is occurring all across the country, most recently in Charlottesville.
<blockquote class="twitter-tweet" data-lang="en"><p lang="en" dir="ltr">.<a href="https://twitter.com/FBI">@FBI</a> <a href="https://twitter.com/TheJusticeDept">@TheJusticeDept</a> and <a href="https://twitter.com/ACLU">@ACLU</a>, why was the city of <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/Charlottesviille?src=hash">#Charlottesviille</a> raising money to shut the down the 1A rights of the <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/AltRight?src=hash">#AltRight</a>? <a href="https://t.co/pf9LW0VWve">pic.twitter.com/pf9LW0VWve</a></p>— MicroNewRightLeader™ (@MicroMagicJuice) <a href="https://twitter.com/MicroMagicJuice/status/896919859023552512">August 14, 2017</a></blockquote>
<script async src="//platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script>
New revelations also show that the City of Charlottesville was attempting to raise money to shut down free speech, which explains their repeated attempts to cancel the legally obtained permit in violation of the AltRight's civil rights.
<blockquote class="twitter-tweet" data-lang="en"><p lang="en" dir="ltr">Mayor of <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/Charolettesville?src=hash">#Charolettesville</a> w/ <a href="https://twitter.com/GovernorVA">@GovernorVA</a> claimed his intentions were to violate Federal Civil Rights statue Title 18, U.S.C., Section 242 <a href="https://t.co/Yac505rJM6">pic.twitter.com/Yac505rJM6</a></p>— MicroNewRightLeader™ (@MicroMagicJuice) <a href="https://twitter.com/MicroMagicJuice/status/896891389438504960">August 14, 2017</a></blockquote>
<script async src="//platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script>
Whether or not you agree with their ideological stances, the AltRight subsections that backed the Unite The Right rally at Lee Park in Charlottesville, Virginia, had not only a Constitutional Right to gather and organize, but they took it a step further and obtained a permit.
<blockquote class="twitter-tweet" data-lang="en"><p lang="en" dir="ltr">CAN YOU FEEL THE NARRATIVE SHIFTING BENEATH OUR FEET? WHOA BOY, THIS IS FEELS LIKE SOCIAL MEDIA MAGIC. POINT AND BLAME THE LEFT, DO IT NOW <a href="https://t.co/kFWulQnExr">pic.twitter.com/kFWulQnExr</a></p>— MicroNewRightLeader™ (@MicroMagicJuice) <a href="https://twitter.com/MicroMagicJuice/status/896902446680862720">August 14, 2017</a></blockquote>
<script async src="//platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script>
The <a href="http://thegoldwater.com/news/6469-Governor-McAuliffe-Refuses-to-Condemn-Antifa-on-Behalf-of-Haim-Saban">globalist funded Virginia Governor</a> Terry McAuliffe intentionally ignored the rights of the AltRight who had already been given the greenlight <a href="https://thegoldwater.com/news/6409-Federal-Judge-Sides-With-UniteTheRight-And-Reinstates-Charlottesville-Permit">through a Federal Judge who reinstated their permit.</a>
<blockquote class="twitter-tweet" data-lang="en"><p lang="en" dir="ltr">We have an incoming "checkmate <a href="https://twitter.com/GovernorVA">@GovernorVA</a>", jump on this, <a href="https://twitter.com/FBI">@FBI</a> and <a href="https://twitter.com/TheJusticeDept">@TheJusticeDept</a>, you have probable cause. <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/Charolettesville?src=hash">#Charolettesville</a> <a href="https://t.co/RLGoHMXhg0">pic.twitter.com/RLGoHMXhg0</a></p>— MicroNewRightLeader™ (@MicroMagicJuice) <a href="https://twitter.com/MicroMagicJuice/status/896899463939215361">August 14, 2017</a></blockquote>
<script async src="//platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script>
In doing so, and then by failing to protect the innocent people of Virginia in Charlottesville, the Governor now has blood on his hands. It's already been suggested that the police were given a stand-down order prior to the vehicle attack which has made nationwide headlines.
It appears as if the entire leadership of Virginia and Charlottesville colluded alongside the terrorists Antifa who are funded and financed by international criminals like George Soros in order to shut down the rights of Whites. Literally.
<blockquote class="twitter-tweet" data-lang="en"><p lang="en" dir="ltr">.<a href="https://twitter.com/TheJusticeDept">@TheJusticeDept</a> and <a href="https://twitter.com/FBI">@FBI</a> under Title 18, U.S.C., Section 242 can take down <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/AntiFa?src=hash">#AntiFa</a> and <a href="https://twitter.com/GovernorVA">@GovernorVA</a> for what happened in <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/Charlottesviille?src=hash">#Charlottesviille</a> <a href="https://t.co/TVvRZrBUYR">pic.twitter.com/TVvRZrBUYR</a></p>— MicroNewRightLeader™ (@MicroMagicJuice) <a href="https://twitter.com/MicroMagicJuice/status/896888272642879488">August 14, 2017</a></blockquote>
<script async src="//platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script>
<blockquote class="twitter-tweet" data-lang="en"><p lang="en" dir="ltr">"color of law" in Title 18, U.S.C., Section 242 means, "appearance of legal power to act that may operate in violation of law"</p>— MicroNewRightLeader™ (@MicroMagicJuice) <a href="https://twitter.com/MicroMagicJuice/status/896889503360573440">August 14, 2017</a></blockquote>
<script async src="//platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script>
<blockquote class="twitter-tweet" data-lang="en"><p lang="en" dir="ltr">if cop acts w/ the "color of law" auth to arrest someone, the arrest, if it is made wo/ probable cause, may actually be in violation of law</p>— MicroNewRightLeader™ (@MicroMagicJuice) <a href="https://twitter.com/MicroMagicJuice/status/896889688782503936">August 14, 2017</a></blockquote>
<script async src="//platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script>
<a href="http://thegoldwater.com/news/6520-Violent-Communist-Antifa-and-BlackLivesMatter-both-Attacking-Police-in-Seattle-Media-Silent">Right now serious violence is occurring in Seattle at the hands of Antifa and Black Lives Matter</a>, and of course the media is absolutely silent.
<blockquote class="twitter-tweet" data-lang="en"><p lang="en" dir="ltr"><a href="https://twitter.com/Millennial_Matt">@Millennial_Matt</a> has made a statement on <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/Charlottesville?src=hash">#Charlottesville</a> <a href="https://t.co/nDwUbNoY7A">pic.twitter.com/nDwUbNoY7A</a></p>— mème brûlée 2 👌🏻 (@memebrulee2) <a href="https://twitter.com/memebrulee2/status/896867113385705472">August 13, 2017</a></blockquote>
<script async src="//platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script>
Many people on the right were hurt too.
<blockquote class="twitter-tweet" data-lang="en"><p lang="en" dir="ltr">No matter what side, violence is never the answer. People calling for the death of who they disagree with need to look in the mirror.</p>— Baked Alaska™ (@bakedalaska) <a href="https://twitter.com/bakedalaska/status/896913077060255744">August 14, 2017</a></blockquote>
<script async src="//platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script>
Baked Alaska may be blind after the violence that occurred at the hands of Antifa who were not legally allowed to march via an official permit. He was sprayed in the eyes with hydrochloric acid.
<blockquote class="twitter-tweet" data-lang="en"><p lang="en" dir="ltr">Hospital has sent me to the ER, I was told there's a large possibility I'll have permanent eye damage. Keep me in your prayers thank you fam</p>— Baked Alaska™ (@bakedalaska) <a href="https://twitter.com/bakedalaska/status/896831632564510721">August 13, 2017</a></blockquote>
<script async src="//platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script>
To make matters more disgusting these Communist savages are on Twitter laughing and encouraging this. Where's the media coverage of this? There is almost none. They call these monsters “counterprotesters”.
<blockquote class="twitter-tweet" data-lang="en"><p lang="en" dir="ltr">Please gay God, let it be permanent 🙏🏼 <a href="https://t.co/SYwHAlC6DC">https://t.co/SYwHAlC6DC</a></p>— Pu†o (@GarbageTaint) <a href="https://twitter.com/GarbageTaint/status/896852067448483841">August 13, 2017</a></blockquote>
<script async src="//platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script>
So what now?
<a href="https://twitter.com/MicroMagicJuice">@MicroMagicJuice</a> says it best, if the Federal Bureau of Investigation and the Department of Justice does their jobs, the Virginia Governor Terry McAuliffe and AnTiFa will be liable for the deaths and injuries that occurred in Charlottesville.
Two weeks ago, when we announced the discovery of the Flame malware we said that we saw no strong similarity between its code and programming style with that of the Tilded platform which Stuxnet and Duqu are based on.
Flame and Tilded are completely different projects based on different architectures and each with their own distinct characteristics. For instance, Flame never uses system drivers, while Stuxnet and Duqu's main method of loading modules for execution is via a kernel driver.
But it turns out we were wrong. Wrong, in that we believed Flame and Stuxnet were two unrelated projects.
Our research unearthed some previously unknown facts that completely transform the current view of how Stuxnet was created and its link with Flame.
The Flame inside Stuxnet
First of all, let's recap the Stuxnet story. We managed to recover just three different variants of the worm, created in June 2009, and in March and April 2010.
The March 2010 variant was responsible for the greatest number of infections and was detected in June 2010 by specialists from the company VirusBlokAda in Belarus. This particular version was subjected to the most detailed analysis by anti-malware companies.
Shortly afterwards, when news of Stuxnet had already become widespread, files related to its June 2009 incarnation were detected. This version, the so-called Stuxnet.A (1.0), differed considerably from the 2010 variants.
The main differences were:
The 2009 variant didn't use the MS10-046 LNK file vulnerability
In 2009, Stuxnet only had one driver file; in 2010 there were two (the second was added specifically to work with the LNK vulnerability)
In 2009, Stuxnet used a special trick with the “autorun.inf” file to infect USB drives.
All the other differences involve minor modifications to Stuxnet's internal structure – some modules were deleted and their functions transferred to other modules.
The most significant of those changes involved “resource 207”.
Resource “207” is 520,192 bytes in size and can be found in the 2009 version of Stuxnet. It was later dropped altogether in the 2010 version, its code merged into other modules.
List of resources in the March 2010 variant of Stuxnet
List of resources in the 2009 variant of Stuxnet
Despite the fact that Stuxnet has been the subject of in-depth analysis by numerous companies and experts and lots has been written about its structure, for some reason, the mysterious “resource 207” from 2009 has gone largely unnoticed. But it turns out that this is the missing link between Flame and Stuxnet, two seemingly completely unrelated projects.
The Tocy story
In October 2010, our automatic system received a sample from the wild. It analyzed the file thoroughly and classified it as a new Stuxnet variant, Worm.Win32.Stuxnet.s.
With Stuxnet being such a big thing, we looked at the sample to see what it was! Sadly, it didn't look like Stuxnet at all, it was quite different. So we decided to rename it to Tocy.a and thought “silly automatic systems!”.
When Flame was discovered in 2012, we started looking for older samples that we might have received.
Between samples that looked almost identical to Flame, we found Tocy.a.
Going through the sample processing system logs, we noticed it was originally classified as Stuxnet. We thought, how was it possible? Why did the system think that this Flame sample was related to Stuxnet? Checking the logs, we discovered that the Tocy.a, an early module of Flame, was actually similar to “resource 207” from Stuxnet. It was actually so similar, that it made our automatic system classify it as Stuxnet. Practically, Tocy.a was similar to Stuxnet alone and to no other sample from our collection.
Going back to the story, this is how we discovered the incredible link between Flame and Stuxnet.
Resource 207
Resource 207 is an encrypted DLL file that contains another PE file inside (351,768 bytes).
Information about the date of the module's creation
Information about the file in the resource 207
This PE file, 351,768 bytes in size, is actually a Flame plugin.
Or, to be more precise, “proto-Flame” – a module that obviously has a lot in common with the current version of “mssecmgr.ocx” and which had evolved into Flame by 2012.
We think it's actually possible to talk about a ‘Flame' platform, and that this particular module was created based on its source code.
A few days ago on Twitter I saw a rather humorous tweet that said Flame was so “hardcore” that a whole Stuxnet was contained in its bases. It turns out that Stuxnet's resources actually contain a Flame platform component!
The correlations with the current variations of Flame include the following:
Mutex names: TH_POOL_SHD_PQOMGMN_%dSYNCMTX and TH_POOL_SHD_MTX_GMN94XQ_%d
and String decryption algorithm
Name mangling classes: ?AVnxys_uwip and so on.
and so on. Similar name to that used in the Flame architecture – with .ocx files (atmpsvcn.ocx)
Moreover, the file contains hallmarks that were earlier considered exclusive to Stuxnet:
Names of “trigger” files: %temp%dat3A.tmp & snsm7551.tmp
& Utilitarian module parsing functions and their interrelation and architecture
Principles for assembling function return codes
Similar shellcode style
Structure for describing the version of vulnerable operating systems and checking algorithm
Its own import
This is atmpsvcn.ocx – a Flame platform module inside Stuxnet.
Interestingly, the current variants of Flame rely on the dat3C.tmp file, whereas the Flame module inside Stuxnet used the “dat3a.tmp” file as an identifier to flag its presence in the system. One can wonder if there was also a “dat3b.tmp” somewhere in time.
Whole pieces of code from the latest Flame modules are identical to the code in atmpvsvcn.ocx. Of course, the most obvious similarity is the mutex names:
TH_POOL_SHD_PQOMGMN_%dSYNCMTX
TH_POOL_SHD_MTX_GMN94XQ_%d
Moreover, there are other known Flame modules using mutex TH_POOL_SHD_MTX_FSW95XQ_%d, that we have dated to 2010, e.g. comspol32.ocx.
The matches are even more impressive at the code level:
getdecrypted function from Resource 207
getdecrypted function from mssecmgr.ocx
DecrypString function from Resource 207
DecryptString function from mssecmgr.ocx
DecryptString function from browse32.ocx (the Flame uninstaller module circulating in May-June 2012)
Mutex used in Resource 207
Mutex used in mssecmgr.ocx
Resource 207's main functionality was to ensure Stuxnet propagation to removable USB drives via autorun.inf, as well as to exploit a then-unknown vulnerability in win32k.sys to escalate privileges in the system at stage of infection from USB drive.
Map of resources in Stuxnet 2009
Spreading via autorun.inf is another trick that the Stuxnet 2009 version and the current variants of Flame have in common. Resource 207 operates as an infector of removable drives, copying “Flame” module as “autorun.inf” file to removable media and adding a special real autorun.inf file at end of PE file. The Main body of Stuxnet copied to USB drive as “~XTRVWp.dat” file.
The PE file is correctly processed by the operating system as real autorun.inf and hence the module is executed when an infected device is accessed.
After this, the Flame module loads ~XTRVWp.dat (main Stuxnet body) from the USB drive and injects it to system process via using EoP vulnerability.
This particular code, which exactly matches the code in resource 207, is currently used by Flame, where it is executed by the “Autorun_infector” module.
An old 0-day
The Stuxnet Resouce 207 Flame-module contains an Escalation of Privilege exploit and is using it at stage of infection from USB drive for injecting main Stuxnet body to system processes. This is of interest in its own right.
The exploit code in the file atmpsvcn.ocx is similar to that which we, Kaspersky Lab, found in the 2010 versions of Stuxnet and which was subsequently addressed by the MS10-073 patch. The code's style, logic and details of its implementation were the same in the 2009 and 2010 code. Clearly, these two pieces of exploit code were written by the same programmer.
However, a different exploit targeting a different vulnerability, which was older and was patched by 2010, was used in the 2009 version of Stuxnet.
At the time when “resource 207” was created (February 2009), the vulnerability was not publicly known and was thus, it was a true 0-day vulnerability.
Essentially, the vulnerability consists of the absence of input data checking, allowing the NtUserRegisterClassExWOW() function to overwrite a WORD of data beyond the allocated memory range in win32k.
The function's address in the _gpsi structure is overwritten with the address of the shellcode in two steps. Then the NtUserMessageCall() function is called, which passes control to the shellcode with kernel-level privileges.
Neither function is exported to user mode, which means that addresses and parameters for calling services directly can be found by parsing modules on disk (user32&win32k).
This vulnerability description is strikingly similar to that of vulnerability “Windows Kernel Could Allow Elevation of Privilege (968537)”, which was closed in June 2009 with patch MS09-025; however, we are still analyzing the code and can't provide a 100% confirmation of this as yet.
The main function exploiting the EoP vulnerability in Stuxnet 2009
The main function exploiting the EoP vulnerability in Stuxnet 2010
Code used to call controlled functions in the 2009 vulnerability
Code used to call controlled functions in the MS010-073 vulnerability
Conclusions
Our analysis suggest several important conclusions, which we summarize below:
By the time Stuxnet was created (in January-June 2009), the Flame platform was already in existence (we currently date its creation to no later than summer 2008) and already had modular structure.
The Stuxnet code of 2009 used a module built on the Flame platform, probably created specifically to operate as part of Stuxnet.
The module was removed from Stuxnet in 2010 due to the addition of a new method of propagation (vulnerability MS10-046) instead of the “old” autorun.inf
The Flame module in Stuxnet exploited a vulnerability which was unknown at the time, a true 0-day. This enabled an escalation of privileges, presumably exploiting MS09-025
After 2009, the evolution of the Flame platform continued independently from Stuxnet.
The above conclusions point to the existence of two independent developer teams, which can be referred to as “Team F” (Flame) and “Team D” (Tilded). Each of these teams has been developing its own platform since 2007-2008 at the latest.
In 2009, part of the code from the Flame platform was used in Stuxnet. We believe that source code was used, rather than complete binary modules. Since 2010, the platforms have been developing independently from each other, although there has been interaction at least at the level of exploiting the same vulnerabilities.
Jones' 1930 Grand Slam was a rare feat…
On this day 57 years ago, Bobby Jones was honored by President Eisenhower and Vice President Nixon at the National Golf Awards dinner at the Plaza Hotel. It was 30 years after the fact and by this time Jones was 57 years old and retired from competitive golf for last 17. Jones completed the Grand Slam in 1930 when he won the U.S. Amateur at Merion. He is still the only person to technically pull off the (pre Masters) Grand Slam. In 1930 he collected the:
The Amateur Championship, Old Course at St Andrews, Scotland
The Open Championship, Royal Liverpool Golf Club, Hoylake, England
U.S. Open, Interlachen Country Club, Minnesota
The U.S. Amateur, Merion Golf Club, Pennsylvania
Out of all the golfing Presidents it had to be Eisenhower I credit for being an absolute golf fanatic. For starters, he installed the first putting green in the Oval office. He even had his own membership & cabin at Augusta National Golf Club where he would spend downtime. Although the night of the event the Chief Executive could not attend, so it was Nixon who presented Jones the award. He received at Silver globe with engravings of his triumphs from the links in 1930.
Interestingly enough, Jack Nicklaus was honored at the same dinner…
Young Jack Nicklaus, just 19 at the time was also awarded at the dinner. He was the amateur champion the previous year becoming the
youngest champion in over 50 years. At the time he was just an up and coming star from Ohio State University. Little did they know that night that he would become one of the greatest players of all time. Just a short time after the dinner, Nicklaus would get started with his major's record by winning the U.S. Open in 1960.
On this day, In 1930 Bobby Jones wins the U.S. Amateur Championship, completing the “Grand Slam”https://t.co/f9FLD8l0PG#golf #golfhistory pic.twitter.com/Bw3uG0I9qA — Golf History Today (@Golf_History_) September 27, 2016
“The Fault in Our Stars” actor Ansel Elgort has closed a deal to star in Edgar Wright's “Baby Driver,” sources confirm.
Plot follows a talented, young getaway driver who relies on the beat of his personal soundtrack to be the best in the game. After being coerced into working for a crime boss, he must face the music when a doomed heist threatens his life, love and freedom.
Wright will write and direct “Baby Driver,” with Working Title principals Eric Fellner and Tim Bevan producing along with Nira Park through her Big Talk Productions. David Beaubaire and Nicole Brown are overseeing for TriStar.
“Baby Driver” will see a 50/50 financing split between MRC and TriStar, with TriStar handling worldwide distribution.
Variety was the first to report that Elgort was in early discussions to star in the high-octane thriller. The 21-year-old thesp needed to work out his schedule for the next “Divergent” film, “Allegiant,” before officially signing on for “Baby Driver.”
Working Title has previously worked with Wright on several features, including his comedy “The World's End,” and Hollywood has been eagerly awaiting his next project since he exited “Ant-Man” last summer. Rothman has also had a long-standing relationship with Wright and fought hard to land “Baby Driver.”
Elgort is repped by CAA and can be seen next in “November Criminals” opposite Chloe Moretz.
The Paris-based firm Hamonic+Masson & Associés has won the competition for the design of a residential complex in Casa-Anfa, the new urban development zone located in Casablanca.
Architect: Hamonic+Masson & Associés
Client: WALILI Investissement
Location: Casa-Anfa, Casablanca
Year: 2016
Surface: 15 850m2 housing + 1 500m2 services
Images: LUXIGON
Project's description: Thanks to its strategic position, the project for the lot 65-2 is an exceptional opportunity to contribute to Casablanca's evolution by redesigning its new business area. Casa-Anfa is an opportunity to reflect upon and respond to the city's new structure and needs. Not only can we offer new ways of living, but we can also consider the question of urbanity and treat this new neighbourhood as the central hub. Our proposition for the site responds to Casa-Anfa's ambition, whilst investing in the volume of the urban plan initially designed by Reichen&Robert et Associés through the consideration of urban strategy and our architectural approach.
Our proposition marks a new step in the renewal of Casa-Anfa by providing a vision of the future that draws upon Moroccan cultural and architectural history, offering a sustainable approach to the collective local memory. We would like to think that forgotten heritage could be brought back to life in a new form with a new identity, as a fruit of Casablanca's architectural heritage whilst also integrating the area's current desires and priorities. These combine sustainability, collectivity, preservation, biodiversity with beauty, attractiveness, seduction, the creation of a magical atmosphere and the quest for poetry.
Based on these intentions we have questioned form and urbanity. Positioning the structures in relation with their surrounding empty landscape was an instant interrogation. How should the link and dialogue between the future high-rise buildings be ensured? How could unobstructed views allow the volumes to benefit from the right amount of transparency? How could design allow light to penetrate the heart of the block and allow the housing units to have the best orientation? How can a fluid exchange on the ground floor be guaranteed, whilst also creating an intimate environment? Our proposition seeks to respond to each of these questions.
The America-class amphibious assault ships (formerly the LHA(R) class) of the U.S. Navy are designed to put ashore a Marine Expeditionary Unit using helicopters and MV-22B Osprey V/STOL transport aircraft, supported by AV-8B Harrier II or F-35 Lightning II V/STOL aircraft and various attack helicopters. The first of these warships was commissioned by the U.S. Navy in 2014 to replace USS Peleliu of the Tarawa class; as many as eleven will be built.[2] The design of the America class is based on that of USS Makin Island, the last ship of the Wasp class, but the "Flight 0" ships of the America class will not have well decks, and they have smaller on-board hospitals in order to give more space for aviation uses.
Although they only carry helicopters and V/STOL aircraft, USS America, with a displacement of about 45,000 long tons (46,000 t), is similar in size to the French Charles de Gaulle and the Indian Vikramaditya fixed-wing aircraft carriers. Also, while more than 120 feet (37 m) shorter, they are of comparable displacement to the former US Navy Midway-class aircraft carriers.
USS America can be used as a small aircraft carrier with a squadron of jet fighters plus several multipurpose helicopters, such as the MH-60 Seahawk. It can carry about 20 AV-8Bs, F-35Bs, or a mixture of the two, but the future ships of this class, starting with USS Bougainville (LHA-8), will have smaller aircraft hangars to leave room for larger amphibious warfare well decks.[8]
Design [ edit ]
America is based on the design of USS Makin Island, herself an improved version of the Wasp-class amphibious assault ships with gas turbine power. About 45 percent of the "Flight 0" design of this class is based on that of Makin Island, but with her well deck omitted to allow more room for aircraft, their spare parts and weapons, and their fuel.[9] The gas turbines of Makin Island, America, and her possible successors use JP-5 fuel[citation needed] which is the same fuel used by their helicopters, the jet engines of their AV-8B Harrier and MV-22 Osprey fixed–wing aircraft and, in future ships, the gas turbines of the Landing Craft Air Cushions (LCACs) that they could carry in their well decks. This commonality greatly simplifies the storage, distribution, and use of the fuels.
The typical aircraft complement for the first two vessels is expected to be 12 MV-22B Osprey transports, six F-35B Lightning II STOVL multirole jet aircraft, four CH-53K heavy transport helicopters, seven AH-1Z/UH-1Y attack/utility helicopters, and two Navies MH-60S "Knighthawks" for air-sea rescue.[6] The exact make-up of the ship's aircraft complements will vary according to her mission. She can carry about 20 AV-8Bs or F-35Bs, and two MH-60Ses[6] to serve as a small aircraft carrier as demonstrated by Landing Helicopter Dock (LHD) operations in Operation Iraqi Freedom.[10]
The U.S. Marine Corps is now more concerned about anti-ship missile attacks from fast attack craft. To counter such attacks the Commandant of the Marine Corps[which?] wants to keep the amphibious ships farther offshore. For these Marines would be sent ashore in long-ranged MV-22 V/STOL aircraft. The MV-22 is significantly larger than the largest helicopters used by the U.S. Marine Corps and the U.S. Navy in the past. To accommodate these requirements, America has twice the displacement of the retired Iwo Jima-class amphibious assault ships.[11]
The America-class amphibious assault ships are engineered with a hybrid-electric propulsion system derived from the one used on Makin Island. The ships can use gas-turbines for high speeds and the diesel-electric engines when operating in situations that require lower speeds like close to shore.[12] Setting the beam of America at 106 feet (32 m) was dictated by the need for these ships to pass through the Panama Canal. The Congressional Budget Office found that if before 2040 the price of oil reached and remained above $140 per barrel then the use of nuclear propulsion for LH(X)-class ships would be more cost-effective.[13]
A modified version of the design of America, designated the MPF(F), LHA(R), or T-LHA(R), was proposed for two ships of the Maritime Prepositioning Force (Future).[14] The MPF(F) is the Navy's concept for a "sea base" to support operations ashore starting in about 2025.[15] These two ships would hypothetically be manned by a civilian crew from the Military Sealift Command and not armed with weapons.[14] Funding for the MPF(F) and the LHA(R) was tabled by the Senate Armed Services Committee in the fiscal year 2008 budget.[14] The U.S. Navy now intends to buy more ships of the America class for its fleet of amphibious warfare ships.[15]
The so-called "LHX" was a warship that was proposed in the late 1990s to replace the Tarawa-class amphibious assault ships, but with a dry deck for hovercraft rather than a floodable "well deck". After 2000, the LHX, the so-called "Amphibious Assault Ship Future Replacement", was put forward to replace all of the LHDs.[16] The new LHX could be a Flight 2 design of the America class built with a well deck and a smaller island superstructure, which would give it 20 percent more capacity on the flight deck.[16] This would remove the current restriction on MV-22s to land on spots 5 and 6, and also giving room for four MV-22B, three F-35B Lightning IIs, or three CH-53Ks to use the flight deck. In 2008, the procurement of Flight 2 ships was tentatively planned for 2024,[16] but that might not be practical or affordable by then.
In January 2014, the U.S. Navy began taking measures on America in order to reduce damage from excessive heat given off by the F-35B and MV-22 to prolong the life of the flight deck. The F-35B engine gives off much more heat than the previous AV-8B Harrier STOVL fighter and the MV-22 Osprey's heat exhaust has been known to damage flight decks. Plans include 14 different modifications to the ship and limiting the number of flight operations that are conducted off the deck. The U.S. Navy is looking for cost-effective solutions that will not affect the combat effectiveness of America. Restricting the number of flight operations is not expected to decrease its usefulness as amphibious assault ships are made to support quick assaults, while full-sized aircraft carriers have the mission of conducting sustained air operations. Lessons learned from these measures will be applied to Tripoli and Bougainville under construction, which will allow them to perform "complete unrestricted operations."[17] Minor modifications to America are as small as putting covers over life rafts and refueling stations and moving antennas.[18]
Well deck [ edit ]
Further warships in this class will have a well deck for amphibious warfare[19] in their sterns to contain landing craft, such as the Landing Craft Air Cushion (LCAC), as in Tarawa-class LHAs and Wasp-class amphibious assault ships.
The addition of a well deck will leave less space for aircraft on board the ships, but the "Early Operational Assessment" of 2005 criticized the "Flight 0" design because the expanded aviation facilities gave no space for a well deck. Also, USS America has reduced stowage space for military vehicles, and the size of her hospital was reduced by two-thirds with respect to the Wasp-class ships.[6]
Before he became the Under Secretary of the Navy, Robert O. Work also brought into question the usefulness of an amphibious warfare ship without a well deck. The concept of the Landing Platform Helicopter (LPH) had failed when their helicopters met enemy anti-aircraft systems off the coast of Lebanon during the late 1970s. In that case, Marines first had to be moved onto ships that had well decks.[11]
The third ship of the class (USS Bougainville (LHA-8)) will be the first in its class with a well deck for deploying amphibious vehicles. While there was emphasis on lighter ground vehicles in the late 1990s, up-armored and heavier vehicles were used during operations in Iraq and Afghanistan. Future counterinsurgency operations require ships that can carry and deliver those vehicles, including through use of shore connectors; cargo lift requirements are met more expensively by aircraft airlifting equipment. Adding the well deck will require the ship's island to be slightly smaller compared to its two predecessors. Early design work with funds will begin in 2015, detailed design work and construction will start in 2017, and the LHA-8 will enter service in 2024.[18]
History [ edit ]
Tripoli (LHA-7) at Huntington Ingalls Industries in Pascagoula, Mississippi in 2017 Launch of USS(LHA-7) at Huntington Ingalls Industries in Pascagoula, Mississippi in 2017
The program started in July 2001,[9] with development beginning in October 2005,[9] the production decision was made in January 2006,[9] and construction of LHA-6 began in December 2008.[9] The keel-laying ceremony was on 17 July 2009[10] with delivery originally planned for August 2012.[9] As of 2009, delivery was planned for February 2013[9] and initial capability for February 2014,[9] but delivery has now been further delayed into FY2014.[19]
Northrop Grumman Shipbuilding was awarded $48.1M for "additional planning and advanced engineering services in support of the LHA replacement (LHA[R]) Flight 0 amphibious assault ship (LHA 7)" on 28 October 2010, to run until May 2012.[20] It is tentatively scheduled for delivery in 2017. In January 2011 development problems led to the F-35B program being placed on probation for two years, and plans for LHA-7 could change if the F-35B is canceled.[21]
In April 2012, Contract N00024-10-C-2229 was issued to Huntington Ingalls Industries, in which funding for steel plate purchase for LHA-7 is planned, and announced requirement for additional four ships (to LHA-10). LHA-7 will be laid down in April 2013 and her commission is planned in 2018.[22]
On 4 May 2012, Secretary of the Navy Ray Mabus announced the selection of USS Tripoli as the name for the Navy's next large-deck amphibious assault ship (LHA-7).[23]
On 13 June 2014, the U.S. Department of Defense announced through its website, that DOD had rewarded General Dynamics National Steel and Shipbuilding Co., San Diego, California modification to the reward as part design/development work on LHA-8 for $23,500,000.[24]
On 20 June 2014, Tripoli's shipyard, Ingalls Shipyards, authenticated the ship's keel in ceremony by the ship's sponsor, Lynne Mabus, wife of Secretary of the Navy, Ray Mabus.[25]
Ships in class [ edit ]
Ship Hull Number Builder Laid down Launched Commissioned Status Flight 0 America LHA-6 Ingalls Shipbuilding, Pascagoula 17 July 2009 4 June 2012 11 October 2014[26] Active, in service Tripoli LHA-7 22 June 2014 1 May 2017 Fitting out Flight I Bougainville LHA-8 Ingalls Shipbuilding, Pascagoula On order
References [ edit ]
Several years ago a few trees in my 15 acres of pine forest in Montana turned from green to a rusty brown, killed by swarms of bark beetles. Four years later virtually all of my centuries-old forest was dead. It wasn't just the beetles that did in my trees, but much warmer winters here in the Rocky mountains that no longer killed the bugs, allowing them to expand exponentially.
Since then, as a science journalist for the New York Times, I have written many stories about the dying of the trees – and the news is not good. Many forests across the length and breadth of the Rockies have died in the last decade. Most of the mature forests of British Columbia are gone, from a combination of climate and insects.
The bristlecone pines of the US – the most ancient trees in the world, with some more than 4,000 years old – will die in the coming years because of a combination of bark beetles and a fungal disease, enabled by a warmer climate. Tree-ring studies on the bristlecone show that the last 50 years are the warmest half century in the last 3,700 years.
All this is to say that the fungus killing ash trees in Britain is unlikely to be a one-off. Trees across the world are dying. It's not only the changes brought by a warmer world. We've treated the world's trees poorly for centuries, without regard to ecological principles. We've fragmented forests into tiny slivers, and selected out the best genetics again and again with no regard to the fitness of those that remain. Air pollution and soil abuse has taken a toll. And scientists admit trees and forests are poorly studied. "It's embarrassing how little we know," a leading redwood expert told me.
Yet the little that is known indicates trees are essential. They are the planet's heat shield, cooling temperatures beneath them by 10C and blocking cancer-causing ultraviolet rays. They are robust filters of our air and water, and soak up climate-warming carbon dioxide. Forests slow the runoff of rainfall. Many of the world's damaging floods are really caused by deforestation.
These functions are well known. But trees play many other critical roles that we know little about. Katsuhiko Matsunaga, a marine chemist at Hokkaido University in Japan, discovered that as the leaves from trees decompose, humic acid leaches into the ocean and helps fertilise plankton, critical food for many other forms of sea life. Japanese fisherman began an award-winning campaign called Forests Are the Lovers of the Sea, and planted trees along the coasts and rivers that rejuvenated fish and oyster stocks.
Also in Japan, researchers have long studied what they call "forest bathing". Hiking through the forest has been shown to reduce stress chemicals in the body and to increase NK or natural killer cells in the immune system, that fight tumours and viruses. Elsewhere researchers have demonstrated that anxiety, depression and even crime are lower in neighbourhoods with trees in the picture.
Hundreds of different kinds of chemicals are emitted by trees and forests, many beneficial. Taxane from the Pacific yew tree is a powerful anti-cancer drug. Many other tree compounds are proven to be antibacterial, anti-fungal, anti-viral and even to prevent cancer. The active ingredient of aspirin, acetylsalicylic acid, for example, comes from willows. Recommended by doctors to prevent a range of cancers, as well as heart attack and stroke, some believe this chemical in the wild has a medicinal impact on the health of all creatures as it is aerosolised into the air and water, and breathed in and drunk. Yet, it hasn't been researched.
Trees are greatly underused as an eco-technology – "working trees" – to make natural systems, as well as the world's cities and rural areas, more resilient. They are used here in the US to prevent soil erosion and shade crops. In a neat bit of alchemy, trees can be used to clean up the most toxic of wastes, including explosives, solvents and organic wastes, because of a dense community of microbes as thick as a finger around the tree's roots, a process known as phytoremediation.
The question is what to plant to withstand the challenges of a changing world to assure a world with trees. In the UK a group called Future Trees Trust is breeding more resilient trees. And a shade-tree farmer from the US named David Milarch, a co-founder of the Archangel Ancient Tree Archive, and whom I have written about, is making copies of some of the world's oldest and largest trees, from California redwoods to the oaks of Ireland – with proven survivor genetics – to be part of a future forest mix. "These are the supertrees," he says, "and they have stood the test of time."
Before I began this journey I felt planting trees was a feeble response to the planet's problems. No longer. As the proverb asks: "When is the best time to plant a tree?" Twenty years ago. "The second-best time?" Today.
“The good news is, it looks like we're actually making the criteria. There was a national poll out this week that had me in fifth place, only one point out of fourth place," Rand Paul said. | AP Photo Paul: I'm confident I'll make the next main debate stage
Rand Paul expressed confidence on Wednesday that he would make the cut for the main stage of the next Republican presidential debate on Jan. 14, calling attention to recent national polling that he hoped would put him over the top.
In a Dec. 23 radio interview with Fox News host Brian Kilmeade, Paul said that he would not participate in an undercard debate after POLITICO and others reported that only six candidates would likely qualify for the main stage at the Fox Business event in North Charleston, South Carolina.
Story Continued Below
A week later, Paul struck a more optimistic note on "Fox and Friends" following the release of a CNN/ORC national poll that showed him with 4 percent of the vote, but again reiterated that it sends a bad message to the public "that basically the media gets to choose who the candidates are who'll be considered."
“The good news is, it looks like we're actually making the criteria. There was a national poll out this week that had me in fifth place, only 1 point out of fourth place," he said, remarking that he is "concerned about fairness."
Candidates like Jeb Bush, Chris Christie, John Kasich and Carly Fiorina should not be excluded, Paul continued, adding, "I don't think it's fair to have an artificial distinction."
The Kentucky senator barely made the last prime-time debate stage, but made the cut despite technically not having the right polling numbers.
Paul also asserted on Wednesday that his campaign would outperform expectations in Iowa.
"We have a good ground game there, and we think we're going to do a lot better than the polls indicate," he said. "We have a lot of young people, college students, we have a lot of independents. A lot of people aren't showing up in polls, so we think we're going to outperform polls, and we're in it to win it. We actually do believe [that] and wouldn't be doing this unless we thought we could win."
Separately, Paul said he was "appalled" by a Wall Street Journal report that the National Security Agency's spying programs scooped up communications between congressional leaders and other members of Congress. He said that is "exactly why we need more NSA reform."
Frequent fliers will do just about anything to earn miles. Pull coupons off more than 12,000 cups of pudding. Buy millions of coins from the US Mint. Fly from Boston to Delhi and back again in less than 72 hours — twice.
The truly dedicated can rack up enough frequent-flier miles, or points, to fly first class and pay next to nothing for it. Stockpiling miles also gives travelers elite status, granting them access to premium check-in lines, seat upgrades, and airport lounges.
These frequent-flier junkies can often be identified by the stacks of credit cards bulging out of their wallets — and their eagerness to use one to pay for dinner. They are detail-oriented collectors who spend hours scouting out purchases that award the most points and managing spreadsheets that track their accounts.
Advertisement
Even as airlines and other companies get better at closing the loopholes, the most dedicated and frequent of frequent fliers always find more, driven not only by a love of travel, but also by a love of the game.
Get Talking Points in your inbox: An afternoon recap of the day's most important business news, delivered weekdays. Sign Up Thank you for signing up! Sign up for more newsletters here
“It is kind of like a puzzle. You can unlock new clues,” said Brian Kelly, a Miami-based frequent-flier blogger known as The Points Guy . “This game can get addictive. And people go crazy.”
Frequent-flier miles were introduced by American Airlines in 1981 to reward customer loyalty. They have since become a huge moneymaker for airlines, which sell blocks of miles to credit card companies and other merchants to use as incentives for consumers to buy their products.US airlines raked in more than $8 billion from frequent-flier programs last year, according to IdeaWorksCompany, a Wisconsin airline revenue consultancy.
Airlines have made it more difficult to get free tickets (which still include some fees) in recent years by restricting schedules and upping the required miles. Next year, Delta Air Lines will base its frequent-flier program on ticket price rather than miles flown. Other airlines are expected to follow.
Delta spokesman Paul Skrbec said the change is to “reward customers that we value the most,” not thwart those who are “more astute in the rules of the programs.”
Advertisement
But the astute know other ways: test-driving cars, getting laser eye surgery, keeping money in online banks that offer miles instead of interest. Most of all, they use credit or debit cards that kick back a mile or two for every dollar spent.
To really rack up miles, the key is “manufactured spending”: using a card to buy the equivalent of cash, like a money order, then recycling that money back into your bank account.
“It can become an obsession once you realize you can go pretty much everywhere in the world for free,” said Tim Cahill, a 38-year-old economist in Boston.
Cahill usually has about 15 credit cards in his wallet, most of which will be closed within a year to avoid the annual fee. Contrary to conventional wisdom about opening new accounts, he says he has an excellent credit score. Perfect, in fact. 850 out of 850 the last time he checked.
One of his most labor-intensive effort to get miles came between 2008 and 2011, when the US Mint's attempt to get more $1 coins in circulation became the Holy Grail for miles. The Mint offered free shipping, so Cahill whipped out his mileage-earning credit cards to buy as many coins as he could handle.
Advertisement
For more than a year, he spent Saturday mornings at the post office loading dock, filling his Jeep Cherokee with the coins he'd ordered. Then he'd deposit them in different banks, and use the money to pay off the credit cards he'd used to buy the coins in the first place. In all, he charged more than $1 million — and earned more than 1 million miles.
Many frequent fliers don't like to talk publicly about these schemes, which they also call hacks, because they worry they will be perceived as doing something shady. Several who spoke to the Globe asked not to be identified for that reason.
“People who do this have no desire not to play by the rules, they just want to find out how to make the rules work for them,” said a North Shore resident who estimates he hasn't paid full price for a ticket in 15 years. “We're capitalists.”
His rule reworking has led to trouble a few times. He said he was “politely asked” to stop using Square Reader, a device that small business owners can attach to a phone to accept credit card payments. He linked the device to his business account and set it up so he could liquidate thousands of dollars worth of gift cards that he had purchased with a miles-earning card. He also took an online shopping site to small claims court after he didn't get the frequent-flier miles promised for buying $10,000 in Home Depot gift cards.
Some people who bend the rules get kicked out of frequent-flier programs. A California musician who opened a Delta account for his cello, which flies in the seat next to him, was booted after racking up hundreds of thousands of miles.
One of the most legendary frequent fliers is “pudding guy,” a California civil engineer named David Phillips who in 1999 racked up more than a million frequent-flier miles by taking advantage of a promotion on Healthy Choice products offering 1,000 miles for every 10 UPC symbols, the bar codes found on many packages. Phillips spent just over $3,000 on more than 12,000 25-cent pudding cups, and redeemed the labels — with help from workers at the food pantries he donated them to — for tens of thousands of dollars worth of airline tickets.
Once people get a taste of flying for free, it's tough to go back, frequent fliers say, especially if they have enough miles to fly first class from Hong Kong to New York, as one local frequent flier did, complete with champagne, caviar, and airline pajamas.
For most, flying free means calculating every purchase. TheBrookline author of the blog frequentflyermiles
101.com , known only as Mike, is known to buy his wife bouquets from florists offering miles. So when he splurged on two dozen red roses from Winston Flowers, the card read: “I love you so much that I got you the good flowers, not the ones that earn miles.”
His wife understands. She joined him on a crazy journey to maintain their executive platinum status at American Airlines, which requires flying more than 100,000 miles a year. Taking advantage of a deal offering double miles on a 15-hour Chicago-Delhi flight, they each made the trip twice in less than two months, going one at a time, while the other stayed home in Boston with their newborn twins — an experience that “scarred me for life,” the blogger said.
They shelled out $4,000 for four flights, using their status to upgrade to business class and spending only three hours in the Delhi airport before coming home. In the end, they raked in 65,000 miles apiece and kept their elite status, allowing them to upgrade seats, use special security lines, and access the airport lounge.
Eric Ding, a scientist at the Harvard School of Public Health, got into collecting miles when he was a postdoctoral student at Harvard and his Austrian girlfriend worked in Europe.He moved money in and out of a Fidelity brokerage account that offered 50,000 miles per $100,000 in deposits and went on manufactured spending sprees — using high-mileage credit cards to buy refillable debit cards to fund online accounts and purchase gift cards to shop in online malls that offered even more points.
Within a year he had 975,000 points; four years later, he has earned nearly 10 million. The ability to fly across the Atlantic for free to visit the woman who would become his wife saved their relationship, he said. Ding gave millions of miles to fly guests to the wedding, which had an airline theme, and has donated miles to friends with family emergencies and miles-earning magazine subscriptions to schools.
Ding, 31, flies around the world for free, often in first class, but he says that's not the point of stockpiling miles, which he admits is a “weird hobby.”
“Unlike painting or pottery or stamp collection, at the end of the day airline miles give my family more freedom to see more of the world and visit loved ones,” he said. “That's how I rationalize my crazy little obsession.”
--------------
Maximizing miles
► Search out credit cards that offer miles for purchases, as well as signup bonuses. But don't open a card if you can't afford to pay the bill in full each month because the interest charges offset the rewards.
► Look for cards that offer discounts on travel-related purchases.
► Negotiate annual fees on mileage-earning cards. When the fee is due, call the company and tell them you are going to cancel. If it doesn't waive the fee, cancel and sign up for a new card.
► Know your benefits. Keep a list on your smartphone of which cards offer extra bonuses at restaurants, office supply stores, etc.
► Use the shopping portal on an airline's website to get extra miles for each online purchase.
SOURCE: Frequentflyermiles101.com
More coverage:American, US Airways tighten frequent-flier plans | Rabbi loses court case over frequent flier miles | Supreme Court limits suits over frequent flier miles | Delta will soon base flier points on cost | Inheriting frequent flier miles
Katie Johnston can be reached at katie.johnston@globe.com . Follow her on Twitter @ktkjohnston
The first time Donald Trump found himself attracted to a wall, he was 16 and at a military academy. It was a hot afternoon, and Donald had been outside killing ants for hours — just smashing them with his feet over and over to see if it made him feel something — when he looked up and saw an old stone wall. Something about it took him off guard. “Hello,” he said out loud. “Who am I talking to?” He laughed. Maybe he needed to get out of the sun. He started to go back inside, when he turned around to get one last look.
There it was. Impenetrable. Physical. Tall. Powerful. Beautiful. Undressing him with its eyes. What was happening in his body? He walked over to the wall slowly, because his bone spurs were bothering him, and stopped before he got too close. His heart was racing. The more he looked at the wall, the more he could feel himself becoming aroused — something that he would describe as “getting the Cincinnati hot pants.” He knew it was strange, but in that moment, he wanted to do something to the wall with his penis. Not full sex — he just wanted to shake his penis against the wall a little bit. Tap it lightly in a beautiful, respectful way. He wanted to bop the wall with his dick like a fairy godmother. “Ha, ha, ha!” he said in a loud strange voice, like he was in a British play. But the truth was, after he laid eyes on that wall, something had come alive inside him that he didn't yet understand. A door had opened, and on the other side of that door, there was a long dark hallway. And at the end of that long dark hallway, he honestly couldn't see what was going on because it was dark, but it looked like he was fucking a wall.
Had anyone ever been attracted to a wall before? Later, back in his room, he couldn't stop thinking about walls. And he started spending hours in the library looking at pictures in books. The Great Wall of China gave him big-time Cincinnati hot pants. The Berlin Wall was wild, out of control — party on one side, seriously no party on the other side. The librarian eventually asked him to leave because he was just sitting there with a raging boner reading books about walls, but he had her fired immediately.
And every day, after school, Donald came back to the stone wall. He brought her things. Flowers. Extra tater tots from the cafeteria. The wall had been around since the 1800s; she had survived plenty of storms, plenty of winters. She'd been sat on by pretty much anybody who walked by. And the squirrels had done whatever they wanted with her. Those arrogant bastards. Squirrels took what they wanted and didn't care who they hurt in the end. They treated her like she was nothing, and after a while, that can chip away at a wall — literally and figuratively, but more literally.
Donald wanted her to know that he found her beautiful. “You're tremendous,” he said. “You're impenetrable, physical, tall, powerful …” The wall didn't seem to care what he said. The world had made her cruel. But Donald didn't want to play games. “What do you want from me? You want me to pretend I can't see how beautiful you are? You want me to tell you that there's some other wall in my life? Because there ain't!” he said. He didn't know why he was talking like a poor person. This was the kind of shit that she did to him.
Donald had a roommate, Skip, who could see all this happening from his window. Skip wasn't a great guy. One afternoon, Skip walked by and saw Donald crying and singing a Peter, Paul, and Mary song to the wall with no pants on. “100 miles, 100 miles,” Donald sang in a voice that sounded like a dairy cow crying out to be milked. Skip laughed and hid in the bushes as Donald ran his fingers along the crumbling bricks, then turned around and pressed his naked butt into the stones of the wall, softly, respectfully. Skip couldn't believe what was happening. This was getting so weird. He watched as Donald leaned in, put his whole face up against the wall and said something he'd never said to anything or anyone before: “I love you.” Skip started laughing. He couldn't help himself. Skip was a real asshole. Donald looked up and immediately saw where he was hiding, pulled him from behind the bushes, and beat him without mercy. Later in his life, when Skip became a banker, Skip would remember the pain he felt that day, and it would push him to make more money than he ever thought he could make. Skip really sucked.
Skip ended up in the hospital for weeks, and the discipline for Donald was swift and severe. Fred Trump paid the administrators to say that Donald was fighting with the other boys, but everyone knew that it was because he'd fallen in love with a wall. Fred pulled Donald out of the school, and he never got a chance to say good-bye to her. Donald thought he was having a heart attack. His chest hurt. His heart was breaking. Fred shouted at him to grow up. “A wall? What happens to a man who falls in love with a wall? There's no future in that!” Fred was furious. Donald wiped his tears away. He wanted to be strong like his dad. It wasn't love. It was just a wall. Who cares?
His 20s got dark. So did his 30s. And his 40s, 50s, and 60s, to be honest. He was partying a lot, and when he got drunk enough, he found himself back on the street, roaming around in the dark looking for walls. He didn't care what he found. Stone walls. Brick walls. Even concrete. He even tried fences a couple times. His low point involved a chicken coop. Don't think about it. He got married, but his wives were just women. They were always moving around and talking and eating and using their hands, and he just wasn't interested.
Once on a business trip, he took a little detour back to his old school. He avoided seeing anyone and walked around the grounds to where the wall used to be, but he couldn't find it. Instead, there was some shiny new theater, and they were doing a production of Into the Woods. Wasn't this a military academy? America was falling apart. Young people were all pussies. Some kid wearing clear glasses and holding a succulent came out and asked if he wanted a free ticket to the show. Donald kicked the kid in the shins. “Life's going to break your heart,” he said and kept walking. Then, behind the theater, he saw something out of the corner of his eye that looked familiar. He walked over slowly — his bone spurs still hurt him from time to time. Yes. There it was. The pile of bricks. It was her. He was shaking now, as he knelt down. “Hello,” he said. She was still tremendous, physical, powerful. He cleared away some garbage. “No one's taking care of you?” he asked. “I'm here. I'll never leave you again.” He lay down next to her. “You destroy my walls,” he said, putting emphasis on different words.
They stayed like that for a while. The sun had set, and he could hear the faint sounds of some dumb song coming out of the theater. What a bunch of vaginas, he thought. He didn't want to leave, but he couldn't feel his legs anymore. He was not healthy. Mentally or physically. He'd paid a man he met on the subway to pretend to be a doctor for years and tell everyone he was fine. But he was not fine, and he knew it. He was about to say good-bye, when he heard the voice. It was faint. Almost not there. “Build it …” the voice said. Donald was crying now. It was her. “Build what? What should I build?” he asked. The voice was fading — disappearing back into the earth. “Don't leave me, no. Please. What should I build?” he said. And then the voice came again, impossibly slow and soft, “Build … the … wall …” It was gone. He sat for a long time holding the pieces of her in his hands. And sitting there, he promised himself that no matter what happened, no matter what it would cost or who would pay for it or how useless it would end up being for the country or the world, he was going to build a wall. Even if it destroyed him. Even if it caused a war with Mexico, and we ended up having to give back Texas. He was going to build it for her. And it would be beautiful.
AUCTIONS STORE INSTA-shop Mineral Travels » VIII – Madagascar You are here: Main page VIII – Madagascar GO TO: Part II Part III This trip was one of the bigger ones in this year for us. We went to Madagascar (Asia and me) partly for minerals, partly for holidays.
We flew, as always, to Antananarivo (called shortly Tana). After a short stay, visiting some friends and dealers we drove to Antsirabe – mineral and gemstone center of Madagascar. We spent there several days with friends and examining the local minerals.
We made a trip to the Sahatany Valley where a new pegmatite with enormous pocket was recently discovered. First we went down to the Tsarafara pegmatite which turned out to be quite heavily worked. After visiting there, we went to see the new pegmatite called Estatoby. A huge pocket that yielded about 1000 kg of gem tourmaline and numerous crystals was found there in Jun. Some of the specimens reached 2-5 or even 7 kg! The biggest ones are too thick to show the color in the normal light, but when backlighted they turn out to have an incredible color zoning. Smaller crystals have very clearly visible color zones – usually green in the center and pink at the termination. Analysis carried out in Warsaw showed that they are true liddicoattites.
After visiting pegmatite and buying some specimens we went to Antokambohitra hill where another pegmatite is mined. From there we walked back to the Ibity village where our car was waiting.
During our stay in Antsirabe we had luck to acquire some superb tourmalines from the area and from Bevoandrano pegmatite, as well as huge rhodizite/londonite crystals reaching up to 4 cm.
After relaxing stay in Antsirabe we came back to Tana and flew to Fort Dauphin. It is a town located in the most south-eastern part of the Island in the tropical wet climate. Town is placed on a spectacular peninsula surrounded by cliffs and beaches. Its inhabitants can enjoy they eye with a great view from the town center to the big bay and mountains covered with a rain forest.
From Fort Dauphin we made a trip to the Nahampoana Park which is a great place to observe lemurs, crocodiles and plants. Lemurs living there are used to the tourists, so if you take bananas with you, the whole hordes jump on your back immidiately…
From Nahampoana we drove along the coast to the beautiful bay Sainte-Luce. In that area an unusual endemic carnivorous plant - Nepenthes madagascariensis is very common, it forms the whole Nephentes-fields.
Finally we arrived to Sainte-Luce - the beautiful sandy beaches and metamorphic rocks forming hills and small islands in the deep blue water. The best view is from the top of the nearby hill – breathtaking.
From Fort Dauphin area we moved to the west visiting Berenty Park, where the dry spiny forest is preserved. Spiny forest is an unique ecosystem existing only on Madagascar and built by endemic very strangely looking plants. This forest is also a house for lemurs and many endemic species. We had luck to see there and photograph one of the smallest living mammals – mouse lemur – it reaches the size of a human finger when adult!
Continuing our journey we drove along the national road number 13 – real horror – to the Ampandandrava phlogopite mine. As usually we went underground, this time luckily there was electricity available so we didn't have to use our car battery to make the mine lift working (see report from the previous trip here). During exploration of the tunnels, we found some huge phlogopite crystals in situ reaching about 70 cm in diameter.
After the underground walk we visited the local "factory" where the women cut mica using knifes, hands and feet. Quite impressive to imagine that in these primitive conditions the advanced electronics` elements are born ….
We also bought some big crystals of phlogopite and ugly but huge green apatites.
From Ampandandrava we continued our journey along RN 13 driving to the North. We explored some new pegmatites located close to the road but didn't have much luck in finding specimens.
Our next goal was Ihosy area, which is famous for corundums. Old vein producing big bicolor corundums with white feldspar rim is pretty much exhausted, but the new one is producing now quite interesting material.
New corundums are smaller but usually sharper, have better luster and are more gemmy. What is interesting they also have rim but this time made of red garnets! The biggest crystals reach up to only 2-3 cm but after cleaning they are really spectacular.
From Ihose we continued our drive to the west going through Toliara to our favorite spot – Sarondrano fishermen`s village. We spent there some great time as always relaxing, swimming and enjoying the delicious see food.
From Sarondrano we moved to the north along the coast to Ambolimailaka village. We found out that a really interesting "spectacle" takes place there daily. Every morning over 300 hand made boats with sails made of rice bags set off for the catch. Around 12.00-13.00 they start coming back from all directions. As soon as they reach the shore, crowd gathers around the fishermen trying to buy fish in exchange for bread, manioc, fruits and all other kinds of food. The women set up small shops and bars for the fishermen who have just got back, are surely hungry and have the fish to exchange for baked manioc. The whole situation looks like a big market on the beach. In the same time kids are playing in the sea, making small models of the pirogues, running, screaming, fishing, playing football, looking for crabs and octopuses…. a real mess and an incredible spectacle.
From there we drove to Andavadoaka which I visited last time about 10 years ago and than it was a very wild village, with no tourists, hotels and almost without a road. Today Andavadoaka is still not a touristic place, but there are some small hotels and even primitive airport with Air Madagascar flights onece a week! The only road is still really horrible, there is 8 km drive on the dunes with soft deep sand… Anyway the village and coast are still very beautiful – sandy beaches located between the rocks, rocky islands and coral reefs. Beside of the beautiful coast Andavadoaka is famous for the very unusual baobabs – stubby, very short, but extremely fat. They look very unreal. What's more, some of them have the trunkcovered with fungi, it looks like regular paintings.
We spend a few days in the area enjoying nature, people, food and parties.
On our way back we decided to stay again in the Ambolimailaka to see once more the boat-market-beach-chaos spectacle. Again we had a great fun there!
Finally we arrived to Toliara, from where we flew back to Tana, from where we drove again to Antsirabe. Unfortunately there is no airport in Antsirabe, so we know the road from the capital to our favourite town very well. We had a few days more so we used them for visiting one of the zepter localities in the area, but had not much luck there.
After packing all stones we moved back to Tana from where we flew back to Europe.
That was a great mineralogical-touristic trip! Surely we will be back to Madagascar soon!
Tomasz Praszkier See Madagascar specimens for sale in our store
Comments
Very nice guys. Excellent photographs and I very much like and enjoy the movie clip. Brings everything to life. Makes you want to go there yourself. :)
Inglim 2012-11-21 20:20:15
Creative Commons by SpiriferMinerals.com Created by: ewipo.pl
Update Live interview with Dan Perrins now:
Dan Perrins has just completed a 75 mile walk from Hamilton, Ontario to Toronto in order to draw attention to two major men's mental health issues. The first is male suicide, which claims the life of eight Canadian men a day. This is an issue that has directly affected Dan. Today is the anniversary of his brother's death by suicide.
The other issue is that of Canada's governmental indifference to men who are experiencing abuse in intimate relationships. Earl Silverman tried for years to fight that fight with the Canadian government, with efforts to establish a funded shelter for male victims of DV. The government's reaction was silence. The reaction of the already established, feminist based, DV service industry in Canada was to mock and ridicule Mr. Silverman. His fight ended with his own suicide two years ago.
Dan has already delivered his demands at the footsteps of the Queen's Park Legislative Assembly, who at first refused to even accept his demands for review. After some discussion they reversed and accepted the documents.
Dan has vowed that he will remain on hunger strike at the assembly building, sleeping in the park across the street and spending daytime hours in the protest area in front of the building, until he gets a commitment in writing by the government to take action on his demands.
I will be interviewing Dan this evening and placing that interview in this article, unedited, once that is done.
I have instructed AVFM editorial staff that this notice will remain in the top featured spot on this website till this is over.
I also encourage all MHRAs, especially those in the Toronto area to contact local media and advise them that there is a hunger strike underway at their Legislative Assembly.
It is up to us to support Dan Perrins in any way possible. After walking 75 miles to bring attention to the issues we most care about, he did the unimaginable. He did not seek rest and comfort, but instead moved directly toward a hunger strike and sleeping in the rough.
AVFM will be tweeting this article, every eight hours, with updates, because every eight hours Ontario loses another, son, brother, father or husband while the Canadian government busies itself with any way it can to ignore the problem.
More to come.
Editor's Note: This is a guest post from Mike Hagan, a bartender and a recent feature in our So You Want My Job series.
There's been a trend lately to get back to the old way of doing things, especially when it comes to things we ingest. People are eating organic produce, for example, and some are going as far as planting their own gardens. Many chefs are serving old-world comfort food right next to their innovative dishes. This trend has also entered the world of libations. Drink menus around the country are starting to have more of the old classics included on them. Many mixologists are using these cocktails as starting points for newer versions that take advantage of the plethora of products out there today. Recipe books from classic bars such as the Old Waldorf-Astoria, The Savoy, and the Stork Club are available in reprint editions for the new generation to use. And who can forget Old Mr. Boston? They've been printing those books since 1935 and still do to this day.
But you don't need a recipe book to get started mixing up some of the classic cocktails men have been drinking for decades (and in some cases, more than a century). Here's how to create the 5 classic cocktails every man should know.
Let's make some drinks!
1. The Old Fashioned
Image by Made in Mississippi
The Old Fashioned is a bourbon-based cocktail, but try it with any whiskey. You may find you like the sweeter taste of a Canadian whiskey, the more sour taste of the Tennessee stuff, or, for some complexity, use rye. This drink uses a short round glass, sometimes called an Old Fashioned glass, after the drink itself.
Put 1 sugar cube in glass
Add 2-3 dashes of Angostura bitters
Add 1 splash of soda water
Muddle (smash) until sugar is dissolved
Fill glass with ice cubes
Add whiskey to the top of the glass, stir
Garnish with an orange slice and maraschino cherry
Notes on muddling: To muddle just means to smash. You can use whatever is at your disposal. Some bartenders muddle with the back of their bar spoon for light muddling and use a muddler (basically a wooden dowel about the width of a broom handle) for more intense smashing.
Variations:
For a sweeter drink, add more sugar or muddle a peeled orange slice along with the sugar and bitters. For a weaker drink, use less whiskey and top with soda water. Use just whiskey, sugar, and bitters to make the Sazerac (swirl the glass with absinthe and dump out before filling for a true one).
2. The Manhattan
Image by larryvincent
This is another whiskey-based cocktail. Where the Martini is gin and dry vermouth, the Manhattan is whiskey and sweet vermouth. And don't forget the bitters! Angostura or Peychaud's works fine.
3 parts Canadian or Rye Whiskey
1 part sweet (red) vermouth
1 dash bitters
Add ingredients to cocktail shaker filled with ice. Stir until very cold (stirring is very important to help the ice melt to water it down a bit and make it more palatable). Pour into cocktail glass and garnish with a maraschino cherry.
Variations:
Trade the whiskey for Scotch to make it a Rob Roy. Trade with brandy for a Metropolitan. If you desire the drink to be sweeter, add some juice from the maraschino cherries.
3. The Tom Collins
The Tom Collins is a classic long drink. It's a cool, summer beverage, built over ice and served in a tall, slender glass, often called a Collins glass. It's gin-based, sweet, and bubbly.
1 1/2 oz gin
1/2 oz simple syrup*
Juice of 1/2 lemon
Soda water
Shake gin, simple syrup, and lemon juice over ice. Fill Collins glass with ice and strain drink into glass. Top with soda water and gently stir. Garnish with orange slice and maraschino cherry.
*Note about simple syrup. Simple syrup can be purchased, but it's easy to make yourself. Heat a cup of water almost to boil and add a cup of sugar, stirring until completely dissolved. Let cool and add to a container for storage. Should be kept in refrigerator. To make bigger quantities, just make sure to use equal parts sugar and water.
Variations:
Trade vodka for gin to make a Vodka Collins, tequila for a Juan Collins, or rum for a Rum Collins. If you choose to use whiskey and take out the soda water, you've essentially made a whiskey sour.
4. The Sidecar
A popular French cocktail, as it uses two liquors made in France. Can be served in a sour glass (a smaller version of an old fashioned glass) or up in a cocktail glass
3/4 ounce Cointreau
3/4 ounce lemon juice
1 1/2 ounces cognac
Shake over ice and pour into sugar rimmed glass. Garnish with lemon twist.
Variations:
This recipe is the “French school.” The English school” calls for a slightly less sweet drink, using more Cognac and less Cointreau, about 3 parts to 1 part, and 1 part lemon juice.
5. The Martini
Image by peapicker
Last, but not least, we have the Martini. The most argued about cocktail in the history of drinking. Stir or shake? Vermouth or none? Glass or metal tin? The Martini is THE drink that signifies nightlife and cocktails in general. When someone needs to use one image to symbolize drinking, more often than not, it's the Martini. That sexy glass, clear liquor, green olive with red pimento. Makes me thirsty just thinking about it.
I'm going to give you the International Bartender's Association's official recipe, then explain the countless variations.
4 parts Gin
1 part dry vermouth (sometimes called French or white vermouth)
Pour all ingredients into mixing glass over ice and stir well. Strain into chilled cocktail glass. Squeeze lemon peel over the drink, discard. Garnish with one green olive.
Variations:
The variations on the Martini could fill a whole book. Keep in mind there is no “right” way, only the way you want your drink. I'll list a few of the most popular.
Vodka Martini: Use vodka in place of gin, garnish with lemon twist.
Churchill: A Martini with no vermouth. Basically cold gin in a glass. Legend has it Churchill would “look in the direction of France” and that would be plenty of vermouth.
Roosevelt: Two olives instead of one. Even number of olives is considered bad luck by some.
Dirty Martini: Add olive brine to taste.
Burnt Martini: Uses Scotch instead of vermouth.
Buckeye: Martini with a black olive.
Gibson: Martini with an onion instead of an olive.
Dickens: Martini with no garnish — no olive or twist.
Vesper Martini: 3 partsgin, 1 part vodka, 1/2 part Lillet, lemon twist, shaken, not stirred. James Bond's martini. Also called a 007.
Bradford: A standard Martini shaken, not stirred.
Notes on vermouth: When someone orders their Martini “dry” or “extra dry” that means to use LESS dry vermouth. People will order a Martini with no vermouth, not knowing that they're ordering a Churchill. Some prefer the “in-and-out” method, which means to pour vermouth over ice into the mixing glass you'll be using for the Martini and dumping it straight out before adding the Gin. Some will order a “Perfect” Martini, which in the cocktail world means equal parts sweet and dry vermouth. Others will order a “Sweet” Martini, meaning the use of sweet vermouth is preferred over dry. These will be garnished with a cherry.
Notes on garnishes: Traditionally, a single green olive or a lemon rind twist is used. Using a cocktail onion makes it a Gibson. One of the origin stories is, an American diplomat who did not drink would ask that his glass be filled with water and garnished with an onion instead of an olive so he could pick his glass out of a sea of Martinis. There are a few others. No one really knows the truth, which is part of the fun. Some people garnish with pickled okra, jalapeno peppers, pickles, lemon twists, lime twists. The possibilities are endless.
Notes on stirring or shaking: Traditionally, the drink is stirred. Some people believe shaking causes tiny bubbles which don't allow for the drink to fully hit the tongue, making it unable to cleanse the palate fully between courses of food. Or that it “bruises the gin” making it taste sharper and less palatable. Others claim that shaking is the way to go, that “bruising the gin” is preferred because it releases the botanical oils in the gin and makes for a more floral drink. There is a taste difference, and it is a matter of preference.
These are five classic cocktails, and with the variations, many more. There are many I left out, and some of you will have your favorites that I didn't include. I tried to choose ones that are classic, popular, easy to make, and have stood the test of time, so you can do it at home. Enjoy, have fun, and hopefully you'll find an new favorite in an old classic.
Tribune News Service
Jaitu/Chandigarh, August 16
Prominent Punjabi writer and Jnanpith awardee Gurdial Singh passed away in Bathinda on Tuesday. He was 83.
He was under treatment in a private hospital in Bathinda for the last about 10 days.
A resident of Jaitu town of Faridkot, Gurdial Singh was the only living Punjabi writer to win Jnanpith Award.
(Follow The Tribune on Facebook; and Twitter @thetribunechd)
The cremation will take place at Jaitu at 10 am on Wednesday.
Gurdial Singh is known for giving impressive messages in his story and novel writings with high simplicity. “A Spartan who has taken it all in his stride,” thus he was known in the literary world.
From a carpenter to a novelist of substance, Gurdial Singh had relied on the ingenuity of a craftsman to whom building blocks to create an organic whole come naturally, it is said.
Writer of many famous novels, Gurdial Singh got Sahitya Academy award for his novel ‘Marhi Da Diva'.
Before he wrote his first novel ‘Marhi Da Diva', Gurdial Singh was known as a short story writer. His novels are narratives of the oppressed, without any didacticism of revolution.
His first book was ‘Gangsar da Shahid', a historical writing. He wrote his first story ‘Bhaganwale' in 1957 and it was published in ‘Panj Dariya'.
‘Marhi Da Diva' and ‘Anhe Ghore Da Daan', two novels of Gurdial Singh were made into films. His other noted novels are ‘Parsa', ‘Dukhiya Daas Kabir Ha', ‘Adh Chanini Raat', ‘Anhoe'.
He wrote many short stories for children as well. He took up translation for the first time while he was still in F.A. This translation work was Maxim Gorky's autobiography.
His novels were translated in several Indian languages and also in English.
He taught at the regional centre of Punjabi University for some years.
Gurdial Singh was the recipient of various prestigious award and honours such as Padma Shri, Jnanpith Award, Sahitya Akademi Award, etc.
Earlier this year, Sahitya Akademi announced fellowship for him. The fellowship is the highest honour of the Akademi.
SHEFFIELD, England, Jan. 4 (UPI) -- A new primary school in Britain has decided against calling itself a "school" because the word is too negative.
"One reason was many of the parents of the children here had very negative connotations of school," said head teacher Linda Kingdon, calling Watercliffe Meadow "a place for learning."
Watercliffe Meadow, which opens Monday, also will ban whistles, bells and locked doors, said Kingdon, noting children will be encouraged to wear soft shoes indoors to feel more comfortable, The Telegraph reported Sunday.
"We wanted to de-institutionalize the place and bring the school closer to real life," she said.
Not everyone is in favor of Watercliffe Meadow's decisions.
"We all know that they are going to be going to a school whatever you call it," said Marie Clair, spokeswoman for the Campaign for Plain English, a group that opposes the use of "gobbledygook" in public life in Britain.
CLOSE Two protest groups rally in Boston. Authorities try to control them. Aaron Dickens has the story. Buzz60
Thousands of counterprotesters gather on Malcolm X Blvd. in Roxbury before marching to a planned 'Free Speech Rally' on Boston Common on Aug. 19 in Boston Massachusetts. (Photo11: Scott Eisen, Getty Images)
By their sheer numbers, thousands of anti-racist protesters marching through downtown Boston on Saturday effectively prevented conservative activists from mounting a "Free Speech Rally" in the aftermath of deadly clashes last week in Virginia.
Only a handful of rally-goers, some wearing red "Make America Great Again" Trump caps, appeared to navigate their way through waves of marchers pouring into the Boston Common area, where the "Boston Free Speech" event was planned.
During a post-rally press conference, Boston Police Commissioner William Evans thanked the mostly peaceful protesters and police officers.
"I'm just fortunate that none of the officers got hurt, none of the public got hurt," said Evans, speaking with Boston Mayor Marty Walsh behind him. "Overall it was a good day for our city in that we won't tolerate hatred and bigotry. People came out to say Boston is united."
Walsh echoed the sentiments on Twitter.
"Today, Boston stood for peace and love, not bigotry and hate. We should work to bring people together, not apart," Walsh tweeted, adding thanks "to all who peacefully stood up for our values."
Today, Boston stood for peace and love, not bigotry and hate. We should work to bring people together, not apart. https://t.co/gZw6ggYYHG — Mayor Marty Walsh (@marty_walsh) August 19, 2017
President Donald Trump went clearly conciliatory towards the counterprotestors on Twitter, a sharp contrast to previous comments following the Virginia protests last weekend.
"I want to applaud the many protestors in Boston who are speaking out against bigotry and hate. Our country will soon come together as one!" Trump wrote.
I want to applaud the many protestors in Boston who are speaking out against bigotry and hate. Our country will soon come together as one! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) August 19, 2017
Some media reports said only two dozen people actually attended the rally that had sparked the counterprotest in the first place.
One of the planned speakers of the conservative activist rally said the event “fell apart.”
At 1:30 p.m., about 90 minutes after the rally had been set to begin, the Boston Police Department tweeted that the rally was "officially over" and the demonstrators had left the Common.
Boston police appealed on Twitter to demonstrators, saying they were "asking individual to refrain from throwing urine, bottles and other harmful; projectiles at our officers." Police also reported rocks being thrown at officers.
President Trump weighed in with a tweet, saying: "Looks like many anti-police agitators in Boston. Police are looking tough and smart! Thank you."
By noon, Boston police said at least 15,000 counterprotesters were peacefully marching toward the park where the rally area was blocked off by a ring of metal barriers. Thousands more descended on the area over the next hour.
Many carried signs saying "Love your neighbor,” “Resist fascism” and “Hate never made U.S. great.” Others held a banner reading: “SMASH WHITE SUPREMACY.” One column of marchers carried a sign stretching almost the width of a street that read, "Which side are YOU on?"
In the end, the free speech rally itself appeared to fizzle from lack of attendance, either because supporters decided to stay away or were unable to make their way through the massive numbers of counterprotesters.
City officials made no secret of their wish that marchers on all sides would have stayed away, given the level of violence that erupted in Charlottesville, where one woman was killed.
Evans said 500 officers — some in uniform, others undercover — were deployed to keep the two groups apart during the rally.
Boston placed tight restrictions on rallygoers, banning backpacks, sticks or anything that could be turned into a weapon.
Boston Free Speech Coalition, which organized the rally, said on Facebook that it is not affiliated with the Charlottesville rally organizers in any way. “We are not associated with any alt-right or white supremacist groups,” the coalition said. “We are strictly about free speech.”
Counterprotesters from Black Lives Matter and other groups condemning racism and anti-Semitism marched from the city's Roxbury neighborhood to the Common while a second group rallied on the steps of the Statehouse overlooking the park.
CLOSE Freedom of speech was embodied on the streets of downtown Boston as thousands of protestors and counter-protestors voiced their stance on race in America. USA TODAY
The 383-year-old Boston Common — the nation's oldest city park — has been the site of numerous rallies and protests for centuries.
Monica Cannon, an organizer of the "Fight White Supremacy" march, tells Reuters that "(i)gnoring a problem has never solved it."
Read or Share this story: https://usat.ly/2xdzvfu
China's exports are declining as world demand slows China's exports have dropped into their biggest decline in a decade. Exports in December were down 2.8% from the same time last year, a bigger decline than November's 2.2% drop, the China Daily said. The numbers provided fresh evidence of a serious trade slump that has caused a wave of factory closures and staff layoffs, analysts said. The communist leadership has expressed fears of social unrest as economic problems worsen. The BBC's correspondent in Shanghai, Chris Hogg, said that China's economy relies on domestic demand for its goods and services more than any other country in Asia. Only around 30% of the economic activity here is dependent on exports, suggesting that problems in the export sector are affecting less than a third of the economy. Trade surplus December imports fell even more sharply, declining 21.3%, the China Daily reported. That was a bigger decline than November's 17.9% drop. The global economic downturn is hitting China's growth With exports in December worth $111.2 billion, and imports worth $72.2 billion, that made December's trade surplus $39 billion. That is the country's second highest trade surplus ever, just short of November's record $40.1 billion. Our correspondent adds that the huge decline in imports is partly due to the slowdown in exports. More than half of China's exports are made up of goods which are simply assembled here with components imported from overseas, so as exports drop, the need for those components falls. Steep falls in world commodity and energy prices make it cheaper for China to import them and that again helps to reduce the overall import total. Taken together these figures are more evidence that economic activity is slowing, but not necessarily that that slowdown was much greater last month than it had been the month before. According to JP Morgan, December's export decline was the sharpest since April 1999. "Export growth is likely to be flat in 2009, with negative year-over-year growth in the near-term," said Jing Ulrich, JP Morgan's chairwoman of China equities, in a report. No immunity When the global financial meltdown began to bite, some commentators looked to the seemingly unstoppable export engine of China for relief. A series of numbers released in recent months have suggested that China is no more immune to worldwide trade problems than any other large economy, analysts said. With Japan, the US and Europe now in recession, China's heavily trade-dependent economy is expected to harder hit through the coming year. Predictions by the World Bank of growth of 7.5% in 2009, if proved true, would be the lowest recorded since 1990.
Bookmark with: Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon What are these? E-mail this to a friend Printable version
WASHINGTON — A Montgomery County youth minister is charged with sexual abuse of a minor after police say he developed a relationship with a 13-year-old. Police say 24-year-old Paolo Belarmino became close to a 13-year-old…
WASHINGTON — A Montgomery County youth minister is charged with sexual abuse of a minor after police say he developed a relationship with a 13-year-old.
Police say 24-year-old Paolo Belarmino became close to a 13-year-old girl in February 2015. Belarmino — a Rockville resident and youth group minister at the River of Life Church in Rockville — began dating the 13-year-old by April 2015.
Police say Belarmino initiated sexual contact with the victim. By June, the relationship escalated to multiple incidents of sexual activity, according to Montgomery County police.
Belarmino was aware that the victim was 13 years old. None of the sexual activity occurred on church property, according to police.
Police arrested Belarmino on July 10. He is charged with sexual abuse of a minor, second-degree rape, second-degree sexual offense and third-degree sexual offense. He was released July 13.
If anyone else believes that they have been victimized by Belarmino, they can call police at 240-773-5400.
Follow @WTOP on Twitter and WTOP on Facebook.
© 2015 WTOP. All Rights Reserved.
Channing Tatum is joining the cast of “Kingsman: The Golden Circle,” tweeting the news on Wednesday evening.
Sources also tell Variety that Elton John is in talks for a key role.
Matthew Vaughn is returning to direct from a script he co-wrote with Jane Goldman. The 2014 original, “Kingsman: The Secret Service,” was based on the comic-book “The Secret Service,” created by Dave Gibbons and Mark Millar, and follows the training of a potential secret agent to take on a global threat from Samuel L. Jackson's Richmond Valentine.
Vaughn also produced the original, which grossed a surprisingly healthy $415 million worldwide. Colin Firth, Mark Strong and Michael Caine also starred.
Halle Berry has been in talks to star as the director of the Central Intelligence Agency. Strong and Firth are also expected to return to reprise their roles.
Fox has dated “Kingsman: The Golden Circle” for release on June 16, 2017.
Tatum's “Gambit” movie was delayed last year, making room in the actor's schedule before he reprises his role in the “23 Jump Street/Men in Black” spinoff at Sony.
He was most recently seen in the Coen Brothers' “Hail, Caesar!” He is repped by UTA and Management 360.
Top 25 Ravens Plays Of All Time
As we gear up for the 2016 Baltimore Ravens season on WBAL NewsRadio 1090, we take a look back at the most important Ravens plays in the team's history.
This Sunday, the Ravens will host their first regular season game at M & T Bank Stadium as the face the Buffalo Bills. You can hear that game on WBAL NewsRadio 1090 with coverage beginning at 10 A.M.
01 - Joe Flacco lofts Mile High Miracle, a 70-yard pass to Jacoby Jones forcing 2012 playoff game at Denver into overtime
02 - Ray Rice 30-yard catch and run on 4th and 29 at San Diego in 2012
03 – Jacoby Jones 108-yd kickoff return touchdown to open Second Half in Super Bowl XLVII
04 – Ray Lewis steals the ball from Eddie George for an INT and runs 50 yards for touchdown in 2000 playoffs at Tennessee
05 – Ravens defense stops 49ers offense on 4th down from 5-yard line with 1:50 left in game in Super Bowl XLVII
06 – Joe Flacco throws 26-yd game winning touchdown to Torrey Smith with :08 remaining at Pittsburgh in 2011
07 – Shannon Sharpe 58-yd touchdown (a pass tipped in the air by intended receiver Jamal Lewis) in 2000 Wild Card game at Denver
08 – Ray Rice 83-yd touchdown to open the game in 2009 Wild Card game at New England
09 – Shannon Sharpe 96-yd touchdown in 2000 AFC Championship Game at Oakland
10 – Tony Banks 29-yd touchdown to Shannon Sharpe with :41 left in game to beat Jaguars for the first time in Ravens history. It was Tony Banks' fifth touchdown pass of the game.
11 – Ed Reed strip sacks Mark Brunell and picks the ball up and returns it for a 22-yd touchdown at Washington in 2004.
12 – Jermaine Lewis 84-yd kickoff return touchdown in Super Bowl XXXV to swing momentum back in the Ravens favor immediately following a Giants touchdown
13 – Chris McAlister returns missed field goal 107 yards for touchdown vs Broncos on Monday Night Football
14 – Jamal Lewis' two touchdowns and 295-yd rushing game leads to a Ravens win over Browns in 2003
15 – Anthony Mitchel returns a Keith Washington blocked field goal attempt for a 90-yd touchdown in 2000 playoffs at Tennessee
16 – Ed Reed returns a Kevin Kolb interception for a 107-yd touchdown vs Eagles in 2008
17 – Bart Scott sack of Ben Roethlisberger in 2nd quarter sets the tone of the game as the Ravens defense sack Roethlisberger nine times, beating the Steelers 27-0 in Baltimore in 2006
18 – Ray Lewis tackles Darren Sproles on 4th and 2 to seal the game for the Ravens in 2009 at San Diego.
19 – Ed Reed returns a Chad Pennington interception for a 64-yd touchdown in 2008 Wild Card game at Miami to leading to the first playoff win for the Ravens under John Harbaugh.
20 – Ed Reed returns a Jeff Garcia interception for a 106-yd touchdown vs the Browns in 2004.
21 – Le'Ron McClain 82-yd touchdown as Ravens hand the Dallas Cowboys a loss in the final game at Texas Stadium.
22 – Torrey Smith kneels and points skyward after a 25-yd touchdown vs the Patriots just hours after his brother's death in 2012. He would score one additional touchdown later in the game.
23 – Justin Tucker game winning 47-yd field goal in double overtime in the 2012 playoffs at Denver.
24 – Jermaine Lewis' two return touchdowns (54 yards and 89 yards) in 2000 vs the Jets in his first game back after the loss of his unborn son.
25 – Trent Dilfer 38-yd touchdown to Brandon Stokely in Super Bowl XXXV for the game's first score.
By Travis Borstmayer
64 seconds where time stood still
When I drove up the steep, winding road to the top of the bobsled track at Canada Olympic Park I had no idea what to expect.
Images of Georgian rider, Nodar Kumaritashvili's fatal luge crash on the opening day of the Vancouver 2010 Winter Olympics were passing through my mind. But I quickly shut them out.
This was a bobsled — much safer and more secure than a luge, and piloted by a professional driver with experience on the national team. "It's going to be fine." I told myself, just a free rush of adrenaline on a beautiful, sunny winter's day.
Calgary Journal reporter Travis Borstmayer sits in the back seat of the bobsled as it rounds the final turn. Riders in the back feel forces up to five Gs and hit speeds up to 120 km/h.
Photo courtesy of Caitlin ClowThe tension in the starting tent was electric as the chatter of dozens of first time bobsledders filled the air, as they eagerly awaited their shots of adrenaline. I was tingling with excitement and anticipation as if I had a 9-volt battery stuck to my tongue, getting jolts each time I saw another sled disappear down the track.
The Rundown
When I met my two ride mates, we immediately had to decide who would sit where. The difference between front and back is vast. Riders in the back seat can feel forces as high as 5 Gs – stronger than an astronaut experiences during liftoff. And as they fly down the track at breakneck speeds, there is nothing but a breezy opening behind them.
I soon found out that this would be my seat.
I began to clear my mind, mentally preparing for the ride that would momentarily make my body feel five times it's actual weight — a hefty 378.75 kilograms — roughly the weight of a pony.
Seasoned bobsled pilot, Richard Christensen, would take me down the rack. He reassured me, "It's a safe track with lots of drivers who have been doing lots of runs." He added that he hadn't crashed in 8 years. He holds it steady down the track every time despite seeing people peeing, throwing up, or clinging to him for dear life in his five years as a public bobsled pilot.
Once we were all in the sled, Christensen got in last. There was a casual, "Ready to go?" and a resounding, "Yes" from the inside of what I was starting to consider a casket with running blades. The point of no return had arrived. I was committed to going down.
The Ride
With one final push from our two launch men, we were on our own. Left alone with nothing but the sound of blades on ice, frantically approaching the first turn of the 1,475 metre track.
Navigating through the first three curves of the track was comparable to a nice Sunday afternoon drive. But as the fourth turn came into sight it — an ominous 90-degree turn — it switched into a full on police chase. The turn launched us like a hammer throw, increasing our speed from 60 to 80 km/h in what seemed like a fraction of a second.
Coming out of the turn, I realized that this wouldn't be a cakewalk. There was no time to be scared, to scream, or even think. I had to focus my entire consciousness on holding on to the narrow lengths of rubber tubing along the inside of the sled that only barely resembled handles.
The g-forces towed the sweat down my face as we rocketed towards the Omega turn, which is named after the Greek symbol that shares its shape. The quick succession of lefts and rights had my head feeling like dice in a Yahtzee cup, leaving me utterly disoriented and completely oblivious as to where I was on the track.
Once we approached the straightaway at highway speeds, I knew where I was — the 270-degree Kreisel curve. I was about to weigh as much as a pony.
As the force of five Gs compressed my neck and back, the scraping sound of the steel running blades engulfed the inside of the sled at an astounding volume. Meanwhile, the sled climbed so high onto the bank that we were completely sideways on the same turn that crashed the Jamaican bobsled team 25 years prior.
The Finish
Coming out of the intense curve we were at our top speed of 117 km/h heading into the Labyrinth — named for a series of alternating curves with no straightaways. Between the break-neck speeds, powerful g-forces and the unbearable noise inside the sled, the last third of the ride seemed eerily similar to those last moments on the zipper at the Stampede.
Calgary Journal reporter Travis Borstmayer (front) moments after the end of the thrilling run. The sled reached the bottom of the 1,475 m track in only 63.61 seconds.
Photo courtesy of Caitlin ClowYou completely forget you are supposed to be having a fun ride, and are more concerned with not passing out before it ends.
Before I had time to even think, the "finish" banner flashed above my head and the pilot was in full braking mode as we approached the upward incline at the end of the track. All in all, my ride had lasted a meager 64 seconds. But as I was going down the track I thought it would never end, and I was just happy to make it out alive.
Since the experience is thrilling, Christensen says COP offers public bobsled rides every weekend over the winter between 2:45 p.m. and 4:45 p.m. for a $169 charge for individual riders. With two other professionals piloting alongside Christensen, the public bobsled offers one of the most adrenaline filled experiences to be found in Calgary.
This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it.
New Tom Cruise Marijuana Really Bugging Out Tom Cruise
Like us on Facebook:
The current article you are reading does not reflect the views of the current editors and contributors of the new Ecorazzi
Continuing our efforts to cover all things green (remember that story about Weeds getting some eco-packaging?), we present to you the latest entertainment news concerning the world's favorite illegal substance.
This one is hilarious. And you don't even need to be high to enjoy it.
Apparently, there is a new strain of medical marijuana out there being marketed as “Tom Cruise Purple“. Why the dubious honor? The weed is reportedly so potent that it causes you to see things that aren't really there. We all know Tom is heavy into the Scientology side of things — so we're thinking this is probably where the joke is being directed. Of course, the actor isn't backing the moniker — especially with his past objections to psychotropic drugs — and is getting his legal team into action. From the article,
“Word is that the actor's lawyers are taking a serious look at the strong brand of bud after we brought it to their attention. One of Cruise's friends found it ‘outrageous' that licensed cannabis clubs in Northern California are selling vials of pot featuring a picture of Cruise laughing hysterically.
Staffers at several California clinics we called said they were forbidden to discuss any of the herbal varieties in their ‘inventory.' But one weed devotee said, ‘I heard it's the kind of pot that makes you hallucinate.'”
Awesome. We really hope Kevin Nealon's character gets an opportunity to sample this fine bud on the next season of Weeds. And Tom? Chill out man — it's all good.
via Celeb|bitchy
Kayak fishing is a way for anglers to get onto the water without a huge investment in equipment. With the skyrocketing popularity of fishing kayaks, manufacturers have pushed the envelope and are designing fishing-specific kayak models with features only dreamed of a few years ago. However, these features come at a cost (literally).
With prices continuing to increase, we decided to come up with a list of kayaks that you can get into for under a grand. All the kayaks on our Top 10 Fishing Kayaks list needed to be from reputable manufacturers, and each fill a specific neigh in the kayak fishing community.
The list runs from lowest to highest manufacturer's suggested retail price (MSRP). With a little research, you might be able to find these kayaks on sale for less.
Emotion Kayaks "Grand Slam Angler"
MSRP: $799.00 - [Read the reviews]
Features:
ST Performance Hull
Dual tankwell with cargo net
Bow storage hatch
Two flush mount rod holders
Adjustable foot braces
Specs:
Weight: 72 lbs
Length: 14'5"
Width: 30.5”
Weight capacity: 350 lbs
NuCanoe “Classic 12”
MSRP: $799.00 - [Read the reviews]
Features:
Modular Bench Seats
Six Seat Positions
Can be rigged tandem or solo
Sealed hull
Ultra stable
Specs:
Weight: 77 lbs
Length: 12'
Width: 42”
Weight capacity: 525 lbs
Native Watercraft “Ultimate 12 Basic”
MSRP: $899.00 - [Read the reviews]
Features:
Air-Lite Seating System
Tunnel Hull
Stable sitting and standing platform
Specs:
Weight: 50 lbs
Length: 12'1”
Width: 30”
Weight capacity: 350 lbs
Jackson “Cruise 12”
MSRP: $949.00 - [Read the reviews]
Features:
Elite Hi-Lo seat
Bow hatch
Stand assist strap
Accessory hatch
Stern bungee storage area
Specs:
Weight: 68 lbs
Length: 12'3”
Width: 31.5”
Weight capacity: 350 lbs
Wilderness Systems “Commander 120”
MSRP: $969.00 - [Read the reviews]
Features:
AirPro Freedom Elite Seat
SlideTrax mounting system
Skid Plate
Extended thigh and knee padding
Stern bungee storage area
Specs:
Weight: 64 lbs
Length: 12'
Width: 30.25”
Weight capacity: 400 lbs
Feelfree “Lure 10”
MSRP: $999.00 - [Read the reviews]
Features:
Gravity multi-level seat
Uni Track mounting system
Front oval hinge hatch
Rear flush mounted rod holders
Center console
Specs:
Weight: 69 lbs
Length: 10'
Width: 36”
Weight capacity: 375 lbs
Ocean Kayak “Trident 11”
MSRP: $999.00 - [Read the reviews]
Features:
Comfort Hybrid seat back
Battery storage bag
Modular Fishing Pod
Rear flush mounted rod holders
Transducer-compatible scupper
Specs:
Weight: 56 lbs
Length: 11'5”
Width: 30.5”
Weight capacity: 400 lbs
Hurricane “Skimmer 116”
MSRP: $999.00 - [Read the reviews]
Features:
Bow storage hatch
Accessory hatch
Cup holder
Adjustable foot braces
AireStream seat
Specs:
Weight: 42 lbs
Length: 11'6”
Width: 30.5”
Weight capacity: 300 lbs
Jackson Kayak “SUPerFISHal”
MSRP: $999.00 - [Read the reviews]
Features:
Stable standing platform
Adapts for use with cooler as seat
Multiple mounting points
Accessory tray
Multiple included RAM and GoPro accessories
Specs:
Weight: 69 lbs
Length: 11'7”
Width: 35”
Weight capacity: 350 lbs
Wilderness Systems “Ride 135”
MSRP: $999.00 - [Read the reviews]
Features:
AirPro Freedom Elite Seat
Recessed, No-Snag deck fittings
Skid Plate
Orbix bow and midship hatches
SlideTrax mounting system
Specs:
Weight: 82 lbs
Length: 13'6”
Width: 31.5”
Weight capacity: 550 lbs
There are many great fishing kayaks that could have been added to this list. Did we miss one you think should have been added? Feel free to leave us a note below in the comments.
In a protest against new gun laws, more than 100 firearms dealers say they will stop selling guns to government and law enforcement officials in New York and other states unless those same firearms are also available to average citizens.
It's part of a backlash from the industry to new gun controls, and it follows major firearms companies, such as Beretta and Magpul, that have threatened to bolt Maryland and Colorado, respectively, if those states enact legislation to restrict military-style semiautomatic weapons or high-capacity ammunition magazines.
In early February, Texas-based LaRue Tactical changed its policy to “limit all sales to what law-abiding citizens residing in their districts can purchase or possess” because it did not want to risk triggering lawsuits with new gun laws either passed or pending.
“If you write the law, you live under the law, no special category of people just because you're a government employee,” said Sean Sorrentino, a gun-rights advocate who keeps a tally at ncgunblog.com of companies that are adopting those kinds of policies.
The National Shooting Sports Foundation, the firearms industry trade association, said companies are free to independently decide the customers and markets they want to serve, but agreeing with others to boycott certain customers or markets raises serious legal questions concerning antitrust laws and may be illegal.
“Due to these antitrust concerns, NSSF is unable to promote this protest,” the group said. “We are also concerned that members of law enforcement are not made less safe due to the ill-advised decisions of antigun politicians.”
Gun owners tend to be fiercely loyal and the firearm companies are responsive to their clients. Owners launched a boycott of Smith & Wesson after the company signed an agreement with the Clinton administration voluntarily limiting some sales.
This year, companies are being proactive in defending their clients' firearms rights — and their own markets.
New York has become a chief target after Gov. Andrew Cuomo in January signed the strictest gun control measures of any state in the country, including a beefed-up ban on so-called assault weapons and a prohibition on gun magazines that hold more than seven bullets — a law praised by New York City Mayor Michael R. Bloomberg, a major gun control advocate, as protecting the Second Amendment while making the state's residents safer.
Olympic Arms Inc. subsequently followed up with a policy specifically in regard to New York, saying that the state's new gun controls have “caused a division of the people into classes.”
Going beyond mere sales policies, Magpul and Berretta have threatened to simply pack up and move because of proposed laws.
Richard Fitzpatrick, founder and president of Magpul, announced that the company would relocate if a Colorado bill banning ammunition magazines holding more than 15 rounds, or what he called “standard-capacity magazines,” becomes law.
Maryland-based Beretta, meanwhile, has been courted by multiple states after the company expressed dissatisfaction with that state's push to pass gun controls, including bans on so-called assault weapons and high-capacity magazines.
At least one business — Shield Tactical — isn't waiting. The company announced on its Facebook page last month the relocation of its retail division from California to Texas, though it did say in the announcement it plans to keep its training division in California “until the legislature outlaws everything.”
Copyright © 2019 The Washington Times, LLC. Click here for reprint permission.
Shennong, which means “God farmer” or “God peasant”, is a deity in Chinese religion. He is a mythical sage healer and ruler of prehistoric China. Shennong is also known as Wugushen “five grains,” or Wuguxiandi “first deity of the five grains.” He is thought to have taught the Chinese how to practice agriculture, the use of herbal drugs, the application of plant-based medicine, and acupuncture.
Legendary Shennong
In Chinese mythology, Shennong is credited with the invention of the hoe, plow, axe, dug wells, irrigation, preserving stored seeds (specifically in boiled horse urine), the farmers' market, and the Chinese calendar. He is also believed to have refined the therapeutic understanding of pulse measurements, the practice of moxibustion (the medicinal practice of burning mugwort on particular parts of the body), and to have instituted the harvest thanksgiving ceremony (Zhaji Sacrificial Rite or Laji Rite).
Mural painting from 151 AD of Shennong, the Farmer God, with his plow. (Public Domain)
It is thought that Shennong lived from 2737 to 2697 BC - this coincides with the commonly held origin of Chinese medicine some 5,000 years ago. However, there is little information on the use of herbal medicine prior to The Shennong Herbal, a manual that covers the use of medicinal herbs, which only dates back about 1,800 years ago.
Legend has it that Shennong was born slightly northeast of the ancient Chinese capital Xian, which lies in the Hua Shan mountains. It is here that Shennong was said to have been born to a princess and a divine dragon. Another proposed mythical birthplace for Shennong is what is now Fufeng county. Sophisticated metal works have been found there dating back nearly 3000 years, showing that there was an ancient civilization in the area.
If Shennong was a true leader of China, and not merely a mythical figure, it is likely that his home was near the eastern border of what is today Shaanxi Province, along the Jiang River, southwest of the Qi mountains. An alternative site for Shennong's home is Lishan, a mountain in Hudei Province. This is also the suggested location of Shennong's burial place, in a cave called “Shennong Cave.”
Shennong seated at the mouth of a cave while dressed in traditional clothing made from leaves. He is holding a branch with leaves and berries in his right hand. (Wellcome Images/CC BY 4.0)
The Emperor of Fire
First known as “Yan Di,” the Emperor of fire, he came to be known by many more names and titles. Shennong became the “Red Emperor” because his patron element was fire, he was also known as the “God of the burning wind.” He was associated with fire because Chinese legends say he taught people how to clear their farm fields using fire.
The God-Emperor had various attributes associated with him. He is said to have been ox-headed, sharp-horned, bronze-foreheaded, and iron-skulled. One legend states that when he was born those around him knew he was a supreme being because he had the head of a bull and the body of a man, he spoke after three days, walked within the first week, and started plowing fields at three years old. The vision of him with a bull's head is common in agricultural myths because of the connection between agrarian life and the water buffalo - which is used in virtually all farming activities in China, especially through marshy-rice fields.
Shennong depicted in a more bovine and less humanistic version in an ancient Korean tomb mural. (Public Domain)
Shennong's Teachings
Shennong looked like a man with a transparent stomach in his role as patron of medicinal herbs. It was believed that through this transparency he could see the effects of the plants he was ingesting as they affected him. He is said to have eaten hundreds of plants while using his body to research the medicinal properties. The Huainanzi, a Chinese collection of debates from c. 139 BC, states that people were weak, sickly, starving, and diseased prior to the coming of Shennong. He taught them how to farm and care for themselves. Legends also say that he helped people transition from a diet of meat, clams, and wild fruit, to one based on grains and vegetables.
1914 depiction of Shennong tasting herbs to discover their qualities. (Public Domain)
The most well-known work associated with Shennong is The Divine Farmer's Herb-Root Classic. It was first compiled near the end of the Western Han Dynasty (ca. 306 BC – 220 AD), 2000 years after Shennong is believed to have existed.
The work lists numerous herbs that are graded based on rarity as well as their properties. It is considered to be China's earliest pharmacopoeia and includes 365 medicines derived from plants, minerals, and animals. The medicines are categorized as “superior” (non-poisonous and rejuvenating), “medium” (having some toxicity based on the dosage and exerting tonic effects), and “inferior” (poisonous but able to quickly reduce a fever and cure indigestion).
A picture from Shennong bencao jing (Shennong's Root and Herbal Classic). (Pancrat/CC BY SA 3.0)
This work suggests that Shennong discovered tea. The story goes, that he had leaves burning above a fire when a column of hot air scooped them up and they landed in a cauldron of boiling water nearby. From this, he found the medicinal purposes of tea that are still used around the world today.
According to Chinese myth, Shennong's death is said to have come at the hands of his research in medicinal herbs. Supposedly he ate a yellow flower of a weed that caused his intestines to rupture before he had time to take the antidotal tea.
Shennong in his “iconic” pose. (Public Domain)
The Second of Three Sovereigns
If Shennong existed outside of myth, he was the second emperor in a group known as “the three sovereigns.” This was a group of god-kings that governed prehistoric China. He is said to have been friends with his fellow sovereigns, Fu Xi and the Yellow Emperor, even though he lived in a time separate from them.
In fact, Shennong apparently shared alchemical secrets of medicine, immortality, and gold making with the Yellow Emperor. Shennong, Fu Xi, and the Yellow Emperor also play a part in the creation myth of Guqin, an ancient Chinese stringed instrument.
As a king and a god, Shennong is venerated on his lunar birthday of April 26 with fireworks, incense, and sacrifices of cows, oxen, pigs, and sheep. Today, he remains the patron deity of farmers, rice traders, and practitioners of traditional Chinese medicine.
The temple of Shennong in Tainan, Taiwan. (Pbdragonwang/CC BY SA 4.0)
Top Image: 1503 depiction of Shennong chewing a branch. By Guo Xu. Source: Public Domain
By Caleb Strom
How to Avoid Selling Parts and Still Make Money
While most of us have our greatest margins on service, product sales can be a nice side income. I hate carrying inventory, but that doesn't mean I can't make money suggesting products. I have a few strategies I've developed over the years to make money and not worry about selling parts.
Why I Hate Inventory
When I went full-time doing computer repair, I bought a small box of inventory to keep around with me. I still have most of it. It's a history lesson in interfaces of the past. Things like an ATX power supply, a ps/2 keyboard and a PCI modem will probably never sell. I'm stuck with that inventory probably forever. The most expensive item I have is a 250 GB IDE laptop hard drive that I paid $70 for around eight years ago. This problem is often referred to as spoilage, and Bryce already covered this problem.
Those examples are funny and won't break the bank. With other companies I've worked with, the problems are more serious. When a customer orders a product from you, even if everyone is acting in good faith, problems develop. The two common problems I see are bankruptcy and death. These two events make it near impossible to get payment on the items ordered. You're stuck with it if you can't sell it. I've seen some companies not make payroll due to one big order that they couldn't collect on.
Your Responsibility To The Client
Even after the client pays for the part, you still have some responsibility to the client. If they buy it from you, no matter who made it, they expect you to support it. If they buy a name brand computer from you, they want you to support it, not the manufacturer. That creates a potentially adversarial relationship.
When parts fail, they'll count on your for support. That expectation doesn't just include things covered under warranty. but questionable problems like computers being dropped or water damaged. You're the one who needs to explain to a client why a part isn't covered. Customers don't always take the news well. After the sale, you're in the position of being the “bad guy” by not helping them for free after the sale.
While the margins can be hefty on some parts, problems after the sale can eat into your billable hours. In the worst case scenario, you lose a valuable customer. That short term profit can negate a long term relationship. Think about your own behavior. When you buy a toaster, you first try to return it to the store you bought it from. Only after they refuse do you go to the manufacturer for repair.
Unlike a toaster, a computer can still function according to specs, but not work right according to the client. They might think the computer got a virus so you should return it. Or the internet is too slow. Or Windows doesn't like their legacy software. You get the idea. If you sell the system, you are the first point of contact. That has to figure into your costs and profit margin.
A Better Idea: Affiliate and Commission Programs
Since I hate inventory, we carry very few parts. The only thing we regularly stock is laptop hard drives, since they so commonly fail. Otherwise, we help clients buy things and make money off the sale. Bryce accurately pointed out that if you want to sell product, you should use a B 2 B distributor. To get the best service from them, you'll need to resell a moderate volume of product. If you're small operation, you won't make that much money. Clients could balk at higher prices or delays in orders. This again puts you in an adversarial relationship with the customer, much like someone trying to return a toaster.
Instead, use consumer focused distribution channels to obtain your product. If a client needs memory, go ahead and order it from Amazon. The secret is to have an affiliate account and give the client the affiliate link to order the product themselves. They get the pricing they want and you still make a percentage of the sale (usually 3-5%).
When the client orders from Amazon, Amazon takes on all the customer service issues. They handle any problems with the product along with returns. You get paid for providing the link and the services to install the product the client order.
You can extend this way beyond Amazon. Companies like Commission Junction (now CJ Affiliate) and Performance Horizon let you create a link that a customer can use to give you a commission from major online stores. You'll need to apply to the program and some programs are hard to get approval for, especially Apple. In those cases, you can use consumer sites like Ebates and FatWallet to earn some commission. I already put my affiliate code in those two links.
With consumer sites, you won't be able to give a customer a link. Instead, I stay logged into those sites on my laptop and shop computer. I let customers order right there. I get a percent of the sale and the customer doesn't pay any extra.
Some companies will offer you an affiliate or commision program directly. For example, I'm a member of Backblaze's program. Every time a client uses my link to buy a Backblaze backup, I get a small comission. I also sell Backblaze directly to the client with a 25% markup. The same is true for DriveSavers. They'll give you a commission and a discount to the customer.
When in doubt, contact the sales department and ask if they know of a commission program. The manufacturers want to increase sales and know customers trust us to make recommendations. If there isn't a formal program, a sales rep might give you special treatment if you send the company sales leads. They might pay you, but even if they don't, your clients might be able to get better discounts on service. You come out looking like a hero doing that for your clients. It solidifies your relationship with them.
The Beauty of Staying Independent: More Billable Hours
When I order products for a customer, I have to solve any problems the client has with the products. I'm not legally required to, but of course customers expect it. If the item fails within the warranty period, the client wants me to issue the RMA and deal with the hassles. That cuts into my time inventory. When they order the product from Amazon or directly from the manufacturer, they are the ones that have to deal with warranty issues. If they choose not to, they can pay us to do so. Instead of warranty problems eating into our profits, warranty issues now increase profits.
One thing you want to avoid is customers buying direct without your assistance. When a customer buys parts or products from a big-box retailer, they'll be upsold on service. Electronics and office supply stores offer “free tune-ups” or “installation support.” A savvy salesperson might give away these services to get the sale. Now you've lost a customer. If the customer is buying anything computer related, you need to be part of the sales process. You can't always sell it directly, but you can give them a link to someplace online to buy it. You may not make money off the sale, but you've protected your service income.
This type of approach won't work for every business. In particular, if you have a retail location, customers expect you to have inventory and help with problems. If you're a break-and-fix shop, or even an MSP, consider balancing the profits of selling product versus the hassles. You might find this approach still makes you money while limiting your risks.
0
Shares
The self-driving cars being tested by Google and automakers like Ford and Nissan are easy to spot. Just look for a car—or in Google's case a gumdrop on wheels with a large can placed on its roof—loaded with special equipment and additional sensors.
In Nevada, some of the autonomous vehicles being tested on public roads might be tough to spot. Regulators have given Mercedes-Benz a license to test the new E-Class standard-production cars in autonomous mode, announced the company's parent company Daimler (ddaif) AG at CES, an annual consumer electronics industry trade show in Las Vegas.
WATCH: For more on self-driving cars, check out the following Fortune video:
In order to make the E-Class autonomous the company needed to make a few small software modifications, according to Prof. Thomas Weber, a board member of Daimler's group research and Mercedes-Benz development division.
SIGN UP: Get Data Sheet, Fortune's daily newsletter about the business of technology.
There are some limitations for autonomous testing done in Nevada. Self-driving tests are permitted on all interstates and state highways in Nevada. However, human drivers are required for turning, merging, and departing, according to Nevada Department of Motor Vehicles rules.
Test vehicles in Nevada are also identified by a red license plate reserved for autonomous driving. Meanwhile, Daimler is already testing its autonomous driving technology in Nevada, and in May 2015 the company was issued a license to test self-driving semi-trucks on public roads.
The 2017 Mercedes-Benz E-class will be unveiled at the North American International Auto Show in Detroit next week.
What we have here is a highly original approach to the modern European condition, and Leonard's diagnosis of the problems of the West, the ideology of failure itself, so to speak, cuts close to the bone in the best possible way, and given his wealth of personal experience, is unlikely to be easily refutable by those who dispute his analysis of the consequences of cultural Leftism. As a work in the tradition of moderate conservatism, steeped in common sense and a wide yet not unfocussed array of scholarship, this book will be invaluable to those seeking to better understand our present situation, caught between a political elite unsympathetic to the people of a rapidly changing Europe on one hand, and a deeply-embedded social culture of liberal orthodoxy which refuses to engage in any meaningful debate on the other.
Contact Information
PNHP Illinois
E-mail: info@pnhpillinois.org
Illinois Single-Payer Coalition
http://ilsinglepayer.org/
PNHP Illinois is an organizational member of ISPC.
For upcoming single-payer events in Illinois:
http://ilsinglepayer.org/events
State Legislation
Illinois Universal Health Care Act — HB 2436 (link)
The Illinois Universal Health Care Act (HB 2436, formerly HB 311, HB 942, and HB 108) establishes a statewide universal health insurance plan to provide comprehensive health benefits to all Illinoisans equally.
Speakers and Media Contacts
DAVID ANSELL, MD, MPH, FACP
Dr. David Ansell is the Senior Vice President for Community Health Equity at Rush University Medical Center in Chicago.
He is an internal medicine physician, trained at Cook County Hospital in the late 1970s, where he spent 17 years holding a number of positions including chief of general medicine/primary care. After leaving County, he spent 10 years as chair of the department of internal medicine at Mount Sinai Hospital, located in one of the highest hardship communities in Chicago. He has been particularly involved in health equity work, bringing attention to higher rates of breast cancer mortality for African-American women in Chicago. In 2007 he co-founded the Metropolitan Chicago Breast Cancer Taskforce, a not-for-profit that focuses on eliminating the racial disparities in breast cancer mortality.
He is the author of numerous papers and book chapters on health disparities. In 2011 he published an acclaimed memoir based on his experiences as a doctor in Chicago, County: Life, Death and Politics at Chicago's Public Hospital. His most recent book, The Death Gap: How Inequality Kills, was released by the University of Chicago Press in 2017.
Dr. Ansell is a graduate of SUNY Upstate Medical University and received his Masters of Public Health from the University of Illinois School of Public Health.
CLAUDIA FEGAN, MD, CHCQM FACP
773.753.5509
one4singlepayer@gmail.com
Dr. Claudia Fegan is national coordinator of Physicians for a National Health Program. In her current and past leadership roles in PNHP she has appeared on national television and radio programs on behalf of the organization, and has testified before congressional committees on a wide range of health care issues. She has lectured extensively to both medical and community audiences on health care reform in the U.S. and Canada, and is a co-author of the book “Universal Healthcare: What the United States Can Learn from Canada” and a contributor to “10 Excellent Reasons for National Health Care.”
Dr. Fegan is executive medical officer for the Cook County Health and Hospital System and chief medical officer at John H. Stroger Jr. Hospital of Cook County. She is also president of the Chicago-based Health and Medicine Policy Research Group. In 2016, Modern Healthcare named Dr. Fegan one of “10 Minority Executives to Watch,” noting her achievements in the medical profession and her single-payer activism.
Dr. Fegan received her undergraduate degree from Fisk University and her medical degree from the University of Illinois College of Medicine. She is also certified in health care quality and management and is a diplomate of the American Board of Quality Assurance and Utilization Review Physicians.
PAMELLA GRONEMEYER, MD
Dr. Pam Gronemeyer is a PNHP member, co-president of PNHP-IL (southern division), board member of Missourians for Single-Payer, and vice president of the Illinois Single Payer Coalition board. She is a board-certified anatomic and clinical pathologist. She received a biology degree from Washington University in St. Louis; attended Tufts University School of Medicine; and completed her pathology residencies at New England Deaconess Hospital in Boston, Barnes-Jewish Hospital of St. Louis, and St. Louis University Hospitals.
Dr. Gronemeyer is the director and a woman small business owner of SEMC Pathology, LLC in Highland, IL, a pathology business that provides services to six critical access hospitals in southwestern Illinois – St. Joseph's Hospital (Highland, IL), Red Bud Regional hospital (Red Bud, IL), Washington County Hospital (Nashville, IL), Pinckneyville Community Hospital (Pinckneyville, IL), Marshall Browning Hospital (DuQuoin, IL) and Community Memorial Hospital (Staunton, IL). The service also runs a CAP accredited cytology laboratory with testing for sexually-transmitted diseases and gynecologic and nongynecologic cytologies.
She is actively involved in directing the infection control committees in the hospitals as well as working on quality assurance activities and advocating for patient safety. She believes “healthcare is a human right” and provides healthcare insurance to her employees and their dependents. She is an activist in her community and in the healthcare arena. As the child of a late union laborer, she knows that our safety net is vital to the preservation of our democracy.
PETER ORRIS, MD, MPH, FACP, FACOEM
Dr. Peter Orris, a founding member of PNHP, is professor and chief of Occupational and Environmental Medicine for the University of Illinois Hospital and Health Sciences System. He has been an attending physician in the Division of Occupational Medicine at the Stroger Hospital of Cook County (formerly Cook County Hospital) for over three decades, where he practiced and taught internal and occupational medicine on the teaching services. He maintains an active clinical and teaching practice and holds professorships as well in internal and preventive medicine at Rush University Medical College and the Northwestern University Feinberg School of Medicine. His research and teaching have focused on international health care systems, occupational and community effects of toxic chemicals, and more recently sustainable health care and climate change.
Dr. Orris has served as an adviser to many labor organizations, corporations, and nonprofit groups. On an international level he has been an adviser to the World Health Organization, Pan American Health Organization, World Medical Association, World Federation of Public Health Associations, and Health Care Without Harm. He has a long history of advocacy for elimination of profits and racism in health care and opposing corporate policies that poison the environment of the developing world.
He is an active member of the American Public Health Association, and serves on the council of the Chicago Medical Society and as a delegate to the Illinois State Medical Society. Dr. Orris graduated from Harvard College in 1967, Yale School of Public Health in 1970, and the Chicago Medical School of the Rosalind Franklin University in 1975.
JOHN PERRYMAN, MD
drjohnperryman@gmail.com Dr. John Perryman, a general pediatrician, is a graduate of the University of Michigan Medical School, and completed pediatrics training at Children's Memorial Hospital. He is currently employed by MercyHealth, working in the Rockford area. In addition to serving on some health care committees over his 25-plus years in practice, he has completed multiple graduate level business courses. Dr. Perryman is the current co-president of PNHP in northern Illinois, and is working on outreach about single-payer health care to a variety of organizations in the state.
SUSAN ROGERS, MD, FACP
Dr. Susan Rogers, recently retired, is a volunteer attending hospitalist and internist at the John H. Stroger Jr. Hospital of Cook County. She previously was co-director of medical student programs for the Department of Medicine. She is also assistant professor of medicine at Rush University, where she is active on the committee of admissions, and assistant professor of medicine at Rosalind Franklin University. She has received numerous teaching awards from Stroger Hospital, Rush University, and Rosalind Franklin University.
Dr. Rogers received her medical degree from the University of Illinois College of Medicine and completed her residency at Cook County Hospital, where she served as chief resident. She is a past co-president of Health Care for All Illinois, and she previously served on the boards of the Near North Health Service Corp, a FQHC in Chicago, and Ancona School. Dr. Rogers is a member of the American College of Physicians, the Society of General Internal Medicine, and the National Medical Association.
PHILIP A. VERHOEF, MD, PhD, FAAP, FACP
Dr. Phil Verhoef is assistant professor of medicine and an intensivist in the adult and pediatric ICUs at the University of Chicago. He is a national board member of Physicians for a National Health Program and past president of the Illinois Single Payer Coalition.
Dr. Verhoef completed medical and graduate training at Case Western Reserve University, followed by residency in internal medicine and pediatrics at UCLA and subspecialty ICU fellowship training at the University of Chicago. He current research is in the immunology of sepsis in the ICU. He has been published in the Annals of Internal Medicine, Chest, the Chicago Sun-Times, Springfield Journal-Register, and kevinmd.com.
Steering Committee
PNHP Illinois Steering Committee
Founder:
Nicholas Skala
Steering Committee:
Michael Allgeier, DC, MDT
Sobia Ansari, MD
David Ansell MD, MPH, FACP
Nahiris Bahamon, MD
Kathy Bottum, MD, PhD
Duane Dowell, MD, Past Co-President
Claudia Fegan, MD, CHCQM, FACP
Peter Gann, MD, ScD
Pamella Gronemeyer, MD, FCAP, Co-President for Southern Illinois
Carol Krohm, MD
Monica Maalouf, MD
Lisa Messinger, MD
Alex Neuman, DO
Peter Orris, MD, MPH, FACP, FACOEM
John Perryman, MD, Co-president for Northern Illinois
Simon Piller, MD
William Reed, MD
Anne Robin, MD
Susan Rogers, MD, FACP, Past Co-President
James Ronayne, MD
Anne Scheetz, MD, FACP, Organizer
Alap Shah, MD, Immediate past co-president
Phil Verhoef, MD, PhD, Past Co-President
Howard Waitzkin, MD, PhD
Daniel Yohanna, MD
Organizations Supporting Single Payer Health Care
http://ilsinglepayer.org/organizations-supporting-single-payer-healthcare
Consumer Fraud
Deceptive practices that result in financial or other losses for consumers in the course of seemingly legitimate business transactions.
Many think that consumer fraud only affects unwitting people who are all too willing to be duped. In truth, even the most savvy customer can fall victim to Fraud. It may be as simple and seemingly innocuous as getting stuck paying a higher rate for a magazine subscription, or it may be as devastating as having one's identity stolen.
According to the Federal Trade Commission (FTC), consumers reported $343 million in losses from fraud in 2002. In addition to those who are unwittingly defrauded, there are a number of consumers who share at least a degree of culpability in their losses. People who try to save money on their income taxes by purchasing a new Social Security number or wage statement may become victims of fraud, but chances are that they understood that their actions were illegal, which makes them guilty of fraud as well.
Consumer fraud can take place in person, by telephone or mail, or over the Internet. As technology continues to improve, Internet Fraud has risen faster than other types. With or without technology, however, consumers can protect themselves against fraud by following a few simple, common-sense measures such as not revealing personal information to strangers.
Following are some of the most common types of consumer fraud.
Identity Theft
Identity Theft accounts for more than 40 percent of all fraud complaints reported to the FTC. All identity theft is serious, but even in its mildest form it can involve the theft of a consumer's long-distance access code. The thief sells the code to individuals who use the code to charge long-distance calls all over the world. In its most serious form, a thief gains access to the victim's Social Security number. With this number, and some other basic information, a thief can create a double of the victim. The victim's information can be used to make purchases, to rent an apartment, or to take out bank loans. Often, victims of identity theft first find out their misfortune when they receive credit card bills totaling thousands of dollars, even though they had neither opened the accounts nor made the purchases.
Identity thieves can gain access to their victim's information by copying it off of forms (for example, if they work in an office where such information is kept), by stealing a wallet or personal papers, or by otherwise exploiting a careless individual. (Fraud experts warn people never to give their Social Security or bank account numbers to someone who has phoned them, even from a seemingly legitimate business.) Often identity thieves work in large rings that span several states, which makes it difficult to track them down. Thus, even when a theft ring is cracked, others quickly crop up to take its place.
Telephone and Mail Solicitations
To most people, junk mail and telemarketer calls are merely a Nuisance, but unscrupulous companies can use both the mail and the telephone to part innocent (and not merely gullible) people from their money. Applications for credit cards or personal loans promise easy credit, but the fine print promises exorbitant interest rates. Sweepstakes promising millions in winnings await the lucky recipient, who often feels compelled to send an order for several magazines along with the prize receipt. Charities use telemarketing and mass mailings to ask for donations; while some of those charities are established and legitimate, others are dubious. Many phony charities assume names that sound like better-known organizations in the hope of fooling consumers.
Every day, people are contacted by telephone and mail with phony offers. Despite warnings from consumer-advocacy groups, people continue to provide credit card numbers, bank information, and even Social Security numbers to those whom they do not know. The elderly are a common target, in part because once they find that they have been defrauded they refuse to report the crime because they are embarrassed. Groups such as the Federal Trade Commission, the National Consumers League (NCL), and Consumers Union provide information to the general public in an effort to curtail fraud.
In 2002, several states initiated "do-not-call" programs that allow people to store their telephone numbers in a centralized database that telemarketers are prohibited from calling. A telemarketer who calls a prohibited number faces stiff fines.
Internet Fraud
The growth of the Internet as a communication tool has also meant its growth as an instrument of fraud. Internet fraud has grown so rapidly in recent years that Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI) and the National White Collar Crime Center launched the Internet Fraud Complaint Center, which compiles data and offers tips on ways to avoid being defrauded. In 2001, Internet fraud accounted for $17.8 million in losses, with a median loss of $435 per victim.
The most common type of fraud, accounting for nearly two thirds of all reported fraud, is Internet-auction fraud. Although there are a number of legitimate online auction houses, there are many that are simply scams. Consumers who purchase items on these sites find that the goods they bid for never existed, or that the goods are stolen, or that the seller has added numerous hidden charges. The seller might even act as a shill by placing false bids. (Some consumers jump on the fraud bandwagon, as well, by using aliases to place multiple phony high bids in order to deter low or moderate bidders.)
The Internet is also home to credit card scams, investment scams, and home-improvement scams. These may appear on web sites or they may be sent in the form of unsolicited commercial e-mail (UCE), better known as "spam." One common spam message is the "Nigerian Letter," in which a person who claims to be a former high official, usually from the Nigerian government, seeks help in converting millions of dollars in funds. The consumer is asked to provide bank account information so that the funds can be transferred to that account.
Income Tax Fraud
The Internal Revenue Service warns taxpayers to be on guard against tax scams that can result in loss of funds and, in some cases, legal difficulties. Some con artists make money at their victims' expense by claiming that they can help to secure tax refunds for their clients. Invariably, the clients must pay a fee up-front. One example of this is a company that claims it can help taxpayers find legal loopholes that will allow them to stop paying taxes. Another is a company that offers to help people submit claims for nonexistent credits. (Some African-Americans have been targeted by a "reparations" scam in which they are told they can apply for a slavery-reparations credit simply by paying a fee. No such credit exists.)
If the taxpayer knowingly engages in a scheme that is illegal (for example, signing up for a new Social Security number), he or she may face fines or imprisonment.
Combating Fraud
Education is key to combating consumer fraud. The FTC, FBI, NCL, Consumers Union, and Direct Marketing Association all work to educate the public and to identify fraudulent businesses. The Better Business Bureau is also a useful tool for consumers who wish to find out information about specific companies.
Further readings
Bertrand, Marsha, 2000. Fraud! How to Protect Yourself from Schemes, Scams, and Swindles. New York: AMACOM.
U.S. Federal Trade Commission, 1997. Fighting Consumer Fraud: The Challenge and the Campaign. Washington, DC: U.S. Federal Trade Commission.
Cross-references
False Advertising; Federal Trade Commission; Internet.
Today i'm going over building a stand alone NAS server computer system build for home or small business data storage. It will be running FreeNAS for an operating system but you could easily run NAS4FREE, Linix distro or Microsoft Windows Server 2012.Windows server will set you back a few dollars more than the other free OS's. FreeNAS is very easy to install and setup is fairly easy as well. There is very good documention on the FreeNAS website. Choosing a NAS setup like this gives you complete flexibility to access you files from any computer system, iOS, Android tablet or phone in you house. There are many useful plugins to include Plex media server allowing all your networked devices to stream media to them. I currently use Google Chromecasts which works great but I will be switching soon to a Roku 2 or Amazon Fire TV because you can't use Amazon Video on the Chromecast. With FREENAS you will also be able to setup your own personnel cloud storage on it so that it can be accessed while your on the go with a plugin called Owncloud. It's a much better option than paying a monthly fee for cloud storage.
CASE
Starting with the case first I choose the SilverStone DS380B. The design is sleek and compact. It has 8 Hot Swapable 3.5in SATA drive bays in the front located behind a case door and 4 2.5in drive bays in the back of the case. The 2.5in bays can only be accessed by removing the side panel. It has 2 120mm filtered intake fans that are mounted next to 3.5in drive bays to keep you hard drives cool. 1 120mm exhaust fan on the back to remove the hot air from the case.
MOTHERBOARD / CPU
For the motherboard I choose the ASRock Intel Avoton C2750. It is a m-itx board with an Intel Avonton (Atom) octacore processor running at 2.4Ghz. This processor is a lot more powerful then the old Atom cpus with 8 cores. The processor should be able to handle most things that a home user will throw at it. Low power consumption of only 20 watts Thermal Design Power (TDP) and passively cooled cpu makes it perfect for a NAS build. It has enough SATA ports to hook up drives in all 12 bays without the need to add an extra storage controller. The board supports up to 64GB of DDR3 full size 240pin dimm slots at 1600/1333 with ECC RAM with 4 slots. Dual Intel i210 Gigabit LAN ports ethernet ports are integrated onboard and can be setup in teaming mode/link aggregation. There is a 3rd LAN port for dedicated IPMI which allows you to access the bios with another computer. This setup can be used on one of your other LAN ports so you can access it on your netwok.
RAM
The RAM I choose is Crucial 16GB Kit (8GBx2) DDR3 ECC PC3-12800 UDIMM running at 1600. Do not be cheap, get ECC RAM and the recommended amount of RAM. FREENAS calls for 8GB minimum. For every TB of storage an additional GB of RAM is recommended. The more RAM you can afford buy it, FREENAS needs it.
HARD DRIVES
The bread and butter of this NAS build is the 6 WD Red 3TB NAS Hard Disk Drive. I picked this disk because it is the cheapest per TB at $35. This will offer 18Tb total raw storage but I will be running in a RAIDZ2 (Like RAID 6) with 12TB total usable storage. In this configuration two drives can fail and you will still have all you data. If a third drive fails you will lose everything so make sure if a drive fails it gets replaced immediately so your system can start rebuilding the new drive, which takes sometime. There are other configurations like RAID 1+0 or RAIDZ1. These drives come with a 3 year warranty and are made for 24/7 powered on operation in a NAS system.
POWER SUPPLY
Power Supply is a SilverStone SX600-G. I did a lot of reading and I noticed some people were having problems with the SilverStone ST45SF-G 450W not delivering enough power for all the hard drives. That is why I selected the 600W. I would rather go a little bigger than I need to ensure it works and still have some room for more drives later on to fill up the other two hot swapable bays and the 2.5in bays in the back. This is a SFX form factor power supply. SFX is smaller than regular power supplies.
USB FLASH DRIVE
You will need a flash drive like the SanDisk Cruzer Fit 8GB to load FreeNAS on. It is a small low profile usb flash drive. Unlike a Windows computers, FreeNAS is made to be run from a flash drive. Once the OS is boots from it, it runs from the RAM. 8GB drive is to recommend size for it but you can you a 4GB drive.
BUILD PARTS SUMMARY AND PRICING
The total cost of this system is high at $1548.90. That is a lot of cash but if you are like me your storage is very important. Over the years i have lost many important files due to things like Hard drive failure, catastrophic system failure taking out the drive with it. Mine has all my vital media like pictures, music, movies and other important documents.
Remember thought this you should still have an additional back up to you data on another system and RAIDz is not full proof. Ideally you'll want to have another file storage backup in another location for the best protection of your data but this is not always an option. Currently my NAS storage server backs up my main desktops hard drives so I have 2 separate copies of my files. In addition to that I use Google Drive to back up another copy of my pictures and a few other important files.
Feel free to comment at the end of this post and let me know what you think of the 2016 NAS Build for Home or Small Business system. If you have recommendations for my 2017 NAS build let me know what you would like to see.
Recommended/Optional Components and Accessories
I would also recommend getting a UPS battery back up. If your system has a sudden loss of power it could lose data due to not being shut down correctly. Currently I am running three APC ES650 on my NAS, Pfsense system(router)/cable modem and my desktop gaming computer.
Here are some options for some different size hard drives and other parts to save some money or increase the storage capacity.
Hard Drive Options
Motherboard / CPU
The ASRock Rack C2550D4I board is almost identical Mini ITX motherboard except it has a Intel Avoton C2550 Quad Core Processor instead of octacore of the ASRock Intel Avoton C2750. So you lose 4 computing cores but still have all the same features and save about a $100.
Updated Friday at 7:40 p.m.
SEPTA transit police have launched an internal affairs investigation after a swarm of officers pushed a 20-year-old man who was holding his young daughter off a Market-Frankford Line train and arrested him on the platform Thursday.
SEPTA officials say officers who arrested the man Thursday evening did so because he evaded a fare and refused to provide ID and get off the train when asked. The man was identified as Ellis Smith.
“I'm concerned about the entire episode,” SEPTA Transit Police Chief Thomas Nestel said Friday. “We can't endanger the lives of little kids over a fare evasion. That's unacceptable.”
A video of the arrest, which occurred at the Huntingdon stop in Kensington, has circulated widely on social media and caused cries of excessive force.
Irize Earth, who posted video of the incident on Facebook (hundreds of thousands of views and growing fast) wrote that Smith was arrested for not paying a fare for his young daughter that he carried on his shoulders into the train. SEPTA's policy is to allow children under age 4 to ride for free.
But at a news conference at SEPTA headquarters Friday afternoon, Nestel said police have testimony that Ellis did not pay his own fare of $2.25 — not the child's fare. No video evidence exists, but a cashier at the Margaret-Orthodox station told SEPTA that Smith didn't pay his fare.
Nestel said the officers tried to talk the rider off the train so they could peacefully cite him, but Smith refused. But that doesn't excuse how officers behaved, especially with a child in the equation, Nestel said.
“It's not about him. This is about us,” Nestel said. “I'm not going to change how someone in the public deals with the police. I have to change how the police deal with the public.”
Here's video of what happened, posted via Spirit Newspapers:
Facebook user Irize Refined Earth wrote this below the posting:
So, this is the bullshit my son witnessed yesterday coming home from work. Dude's crime? Paying $2.25 for the El, but carrying his daughter on his shoulders and not paying for her. Look at how small she is, and how he is treated by Septa & Philadelphia police, over $2.25!!! I thought Septa had a policy of allowing fareless riders the courtesy? I wish they would put hands on me while holding my kids!!! This police ‘entitlement' mentality, which often leads to brutality, has got to stop!
As seen in the video, the officers were restraining and trying to handcuff Smith while he was still holding onto the child. Earth's son, Ahmad Najam, took the video. Najam said other people started offering to pay the man's fare and that the situation escalated slowly at first and then quickly once the police tried to handcuff him and get him off the train.
“They went too far, definitely,” Najam said. “It was $2.25”
Nestel said SEPTA continues to review videos and incident reports to determine why the officers arrested Smith the way they did, adding that SEPTA police take fare evasion seriously.
“But we don't want to be rolling around on the platform with everyone charged with fare evasion,” Nestel said. “It's not murder or rape.”
The incident happened at about 5:30 p.m. Thursday and delayed cars on the Market-Frankford Line.
I gave my predictions for the returning sci fi / fantasy shows at this link, but the fate of the new shows that hit the schedule are typically harder to gauge largely because of a lack of any hard data prior to their first airing. But there are a few things to consider like scheduling, promotion, early buzz and whether the concept seems less likely to draw in viewers. Some factors are more nebulous than others (like the aversion CBS has shown to sci fi shows), but I've been doing this for years and have gotten pretty good at spotting the patterns. The Cancellation Alert levels that I am assigning from least to most likely to get cancelled are Low, Moderate, Medium, Elevated, and High. It's important to note that typically I do not give a new show the lowest or highest Cancellation Alert level because it is just too hard to make that call with too little data to look at. But then I usually have a few exceptions to that rule and that's true with this batch of predictions. And for the new shows on the streaming services, those almost always get second season nods (apparently they do better audience research than the networks), so I have them at a Low Cancellation Alert level. So here are my predictions on the new shows and feel free to chime in with your own thoughts in the comments section below, and be sure to follow their progress through the season with our Cancellation Watch column and on the Cancelled Sci Fi Twitter Site. And you can see the full schedule of Fall sci fi / fantasy shows at this link.
(Links are to each show's page on this site where the season to date ratings results will be posted once they begin airing new episodes.)
Angel from Hell (CBS): Sci fi / fantasy sitcoms tend to not do well (evidenced by the ratings drop-off of The Last Man on Earth last season), but this one is nestled in with the CBS comedy block that has ratings juggernaut The Big Bang Theory as its lead-in. Of course Angel from Hell is at the tail end of that two-hour block, but I still think it could do okay if enough people stick around to watch. Cancellation Alert: Medium
Ash vs Evil Dead (Starz): Come on! This is Ash we are talking about here! He's a survivor! And this is a highly anticipated show with some good early buzz with the original team from the movies (most importantly Bruce Campbell) back on board. Plus, it airs on one of the pay channels and they are not as focused on the overnight numbers. I expect this one to have no problem sawing its way into a second season. Cancellation Alert: Low
Blindspot (NBC): This is looking like it won't really be a sci fi show, but it has been getting coverage from the genre sites and its conspiracy storylines will attract genre fans. I will at least address it here, though I'm not currently planning on tracking it on a weekly basis (gotta draw the line somewhere with so many shows on these days). Since it gets the plum Monday lead-out spot from The Voice, the NBC execs apparently want to give it a strong push and it's sure to draw good numbers with its debut. Both Revolution and The Blacklist started off strong in this timeslot, though both faded when scheduled to different hours (with the former getting cancelled, though the latter managed to hang on to a third season). So Blindspot looks like a sure thing for its first season at least, which will give us time to see if it plans on working any sci fi elements into its premise. Cancellation Alert: Moderate
The Expanse (Syfy): This adaptation of the James A. Corey books is a pretty highly anticipated entry on the Fall schedule and Syfy's space entries Dark Matter and Killjoys got pretty good marks this past Summer. Plus, the network has been patient with new shows of late, so its chances look good. That's of course assuming that the network's ratings struggles of late don't force it out of the scripted series business. Cancellation Alert: Moderate
Guardians of the Galaxy (DXD): Animated shows are a bit harder to call because their success is as heavily (if not more so) attached to merchandise sales as to ratings. Still, after the success of the first movie, I think this show has a good shot. Cancellation Alert: Moderate
Heroes Reborn (NBC): Why am I predicting whether a “limited run event” series will get a second season? Because we have learned that the term just means a show is getting less than the 22 episodes typical of a broadcast series and they are always eyeing the possibility of multiple seasons. NBC is just testing to see if they can recapture the magic of the original show's first year, and if the revival does well then it will come back for a second “limited run”. I expect this one to pull big numbers out of the gate and whether it sustains that depends on whether it is closer to Heroes' first season than the subsequent years. But I do like its chances to come back for a second run. Cancellation Alert: Moderate
Into the Badlands (AMC): This is the most unique genre entry on the Fall schedule and has already started to generate some positive buzz. AMC has been pretty patient with its new shows and I expect this one to do well enough to garner a second season. Cancellation Alert: Moderate
Jessica Jones (Netflix): I don't know that Netflix is necessarily looking at each of its Defenders stand-alone shows as candidates for multiple seasons. It makes sense for Daredevil because that has the best known character of the group (which also includes Luke Cage and Iron Fist). They will all come together in the eventual team-up series and will likely cross over into each other's shows, but may not necessarily be designed for multiple seasons on their own. It's possible, but that will tie up a lot of development money and Netflix has plenty more shows in the pipeline. So I'm taking a pass on making a prediction for this one.
Legends of Tomorrow (CW): This one doesn't hit until mid-season, but it is one of the year's most anticipated shows and almost a guaranteed hit. Superhero overload will kick in at some point, but not this season for this show (though maybe for Supergirl, see below). The CW is billing it as an “event” series, but see my comments on Heroes Reborn above. Count this one as an almost certain entry on the 2016-17 schedule. Cancellation Alert: Low
Limitless (CBS): This show has three strikes against it going into its first season. One, the timeslot has not been a good one for CBS for a while (Person of Interest saw its numbers fade in this hour last season). Two, its premise is very similar to the Josh Holloway starring Intelligence which failed in this very same timeslot two seasons ago. Three, CBS has typically shown little patience with sci fi shows during the regular season. That's not a good score for the show to have before it has aired a single episode. It will have Bradly Cooper stopping by from time to time to give it a ratings boost, but I don't know if that is enough to offset the strikes against it and unfortunately this could be the first genre casualty of the season. Cancellation Alert: Elevated
The Man in the High Castle (Amazon): The pilot for this show is the most watched ever since Amazon started letting people vote for their original content and most all of the series on the streaming services have been receiving second season orders. So consider this one pretty close to a lock for a renewal. Cancellation Alert: Low
Minority Report (FOX): : It would seem like this show has a plum timeslot in the hour after Gotham airs on Mondays, but then I'm not too high on the sophomore show's prospects in its second year after its numbers slumped during the latter half of its first season (more on that at this link). But then Minority Report is produced by FOX Studios meaning that all the revenue stays in house and it has been getting some good early buzz. It's not a sure thing, but it has a chance. Cancellation Alert: Medium
Scream Queens (FOX): This is another show that looks to have little or no genre elements, but it is getting a lot of early buzz from the sci fi community. Coming from the same team that created American Horror Story, it has some big names attached and I expect it to draw notable Nielsen numbers out of the gate. I would think that it should be good for a second season unless it fades pretty quickly as struggling FOX does not have a lot of leeway these days for ratings slackers. But I think it should do well enough to get a second season. Cancellation Alert: Moderate
Supergirl (CBS): Everything points to this show being one of the season's biggest hits except the network it is on. Supergirl will be shooting for the younger audience currently flocking to the superhero TV shows and movies which is a far cry from the older demographic that tunes in for the procedural-heavy lineup on CBS. But then the network does have its younger-skewing comedies like The Big Bang Theory, and that audience will likely be giving this show a look. The other question will be whether superhero burnout (which has to come at some point) hits this show, and that's possible if it doesn't wow out of the gate. Like Agents of SHIELD and Gotham, I expect this one to start strong and then fade to a degree. How much it slips, and how patient genre-averse CBS will be, will be crucial to its fate. Cancellation Alert: Moderate
The X-Files (FOX): Like Heroes Reborn above, this one is being billed as an “event” series, but I've already heard talk of possibly carrying it beyond its planned “limited-run” of six episodes. Ratings-wise, this is sure to be a hit and FOX would definitely welcome it back for further seasons. That will all depend on whether the core players can work it into their schedules and if they choose to do so. Basically, it won't get cancelled, but it may not continue on either. Cancellation Alert: Low
During a recent discussion with Joffrey Lupul, the conversation shifted from the Toronto Maple Leafs' balancing act of satisfying the market with work ethic and the odd win to maintaining close proximity to the bottom of the league where teams go in search of potential franchise-changing draft picks (like Auston Mathews).
Lupul is focused on the here and now, but knows that trade talk is inevitable. But the notion that Leafs GM Lou Lamoriello will gut this team for choice draft picks and prospects - regardless of Toronto's spot in the standings as the Feb. 29 trade deadline approaches - doesn't make sense to Lupul.
"If the deadline comes and we're in the mix, it's hard to believe they would move out assets," Lupul told The Dreger Report. "I'm sure it will become a very popular topic."
By design, the Leafs envision the core of their rebuild to be made of players 22-and-under. And the hope is that three years from now, they will be ready to turn the corner and be well on their way to becoming a favoured team in the East. So with all due respect to Lupul (32), Tyler Bozak (29), Leo Komarov (28), P.A Parenteau (32), Shawn Matthias (27), Daniel Winnik (30) and every other player born in the eighties, the clock is ticking.
Dreger: Komarov and Lupul overachieving right now TSN Hockey Insider Darren Dreger joined Dave and Steve on TSN Drive to discuss the reported rift between Crosby and Lemieux, and discussed the Maple Leafs overachieving players.
The goal for management today is the same as it was at the end of last season when Brendan Shanahan scorched the earth with mass firings - to acquire as many draft picks as possible to build a better foundation for long-term success. And Leaf brass says no decisions have been made on the direction they intend to take in February.
But if the group of players listed above continue to play as well as they have to this point in the regular season, prospects and quality picks will be offered and players will be traded regardless of the team's place in the standings.
Now frankly, who cares where the Leafs are positioned at the deadline? The fact is, they're not good enough. So if the right offers are made on any player, it will be accepted.
The one true untouchable is 21-year-old Morgan Rielly, who Lupul says helped build his excitement at the start of the season and is well on his way to becoming a top-tier NHL defenceman.
Watters: A healthy Lupul is valuable trade bait Former Maple Leafs assistant GM, Bill Watters joins the show to talk about the Maple Leafs being named the most profitable team in the NHL, the changes to the Canadian dollar, the most valuable trade bait for the Leafs, Kessel and the chain of command in Toronto, and where Phaneuf is at his best.
Lupul's confidence in Rielly is backed by the fact that he's already averaging over 22 minutes per game and is challenging for the team lead in points. He is Toronto's most valuable asset right now and Lamoriello is going to have to engage in negotiations to extend his contract sooner rather than later.
While there's nothing on that front right now, both sides are willing to be patient and the outcome will be interesting to see. Based on Rielly's progress, he'll likely command similar term and dollars to what Tyler Myers, Oliver Ekman-Larsson and Dougie Hamilton signed for at the end of their entry level deals - five to six years ranging from $5.5 million to $6 million per year.
Has Rielly shown enough in his short time in the NHL to be financially positioned with the big boys? Lamoriello may not see Rielly at that level or in that category, but that won't be determined until meaningful discussions begin.
Speaking Of Contracts
Meanwhile, another veteran general manager is taking a different approach in dealing with two of his more prominent, pending restricted free agents.
Nashville's David Poile has had a number of discussions with CAA Sports, Pat Brisson and JP Barry about extending the contracts of defenceman Seth Jones and forward Filip Forsberg. Poile initiated talks last summer in an effort to get an early jump in the process and properly gauge how both players will impact his payroll in the years ahead.
In Brooklyn, Islanders GM Garth Snow isn't as motivated to sign Kyle Okposo. The 27-year-old sits second in team scoring behind John Tavares, but there doesn't appear to be any urgency to keep the veteran winger who can become an unrestricted free agent on July 1. It seems more and more likely that Okposo will join teammate Travis Hamonic on the trade market.
Connor The Catalyst
The Edmonton Oilers have lost four out of five one-goal games and seven out of nine overall since Connor McDavid suffered a broken clavicle on Nov. 3.
The Oilers believe, at least in a few of the closer games, McDavid would have been the difference maker. He's already viewed as the team's offensive catalyst, which is high praise for an 18-year-old with just 13 games under his belt. But in a very short period of the time, McDavid has also proven to his coaches, teammates and management that wherever he goes, others will follow.
Dreger: Yakupov injury may not be as bad as initially feared TSN 1260 Hockey Insider Darren Dreger joins Nielson & Fraser to break down the Oilers' 4-1 loss in Carolina, as well the loss of Nail Yakupov on a bizarre and unfortunate play
Linemate Nail Yakupov is a classic example. Yakupov, who's also injured (2-4 weeks with an ankle sprain), had just two assists in the 10 games (Nov. 3 included) since McDavid went down and didn't register a point in eight of the games without his star centre.
The loss of McDavid created many holes and minimized the Oilers to an easily checked one line hockey team.
In the short-term, a glimmer of hope comes in the form of defenceman Justin Schultz, who could play as early as Saturday in Pittsburgh. He's missed 14 games (including Friday night in Detroit) with a back injury and a thin Oilers blue line will welcome his return.
As for McDavid, he's enjoying some fine home cooking at his parents' home in Newmarket, ON, where's been hanging out all week. He'll re-join his teammates Monday in Toronto when the Oilers visit the Leafs and will return to Edmonton with the team that evening.
The Oilers remain pleased with McDavid's progress, but are unable to pinpoint a time frame for his expected return so more testing over the next couple of weeks could provide a more accurate prognosis. He continues to receive treatment to speed up the process, but given the fact that the bone was reset and structurally supported with a plate and screws, ample time is required - even for an 18-year-old - to allow the bone to heal.
Regardless of his restlessness and enthusiasm to get back on the ice, McDavid won't return a minute before everyone involved knows he's ready.
Case Closed?
No news is good news. The NHL won't comment on where it is in terms of reviewing the details associated with Patrick Kane's sexual assault allegations, which were dismissed earlier this month when prosecutors declined to file charges based on a lack of evidence.
Most believe the league will also find no fault and will announce as much when ready, but sources say the NHL isn't there yet. So from an league's perspective, it's not 'case closed' just yet.
Enjoy the weekend and don't forget to tune in to Insider Trading, Tuesday on SportsCentre and on TSN.ca.
SCOTCH PLAINS — A man was shot inside a home in Scotch Plains this morning, and police are questioning family members to determine how it happened.
The victim, whom police did not identify, was in a house on Church Avenue when he was shot in the chest shortly before 11 a.m., according to Scotch Plains police.
The man suffered non-life threatening injuries, police said.
"At this point in time, we dont believe it was self-inflicted," said Police Chief Brian Mahoney. "We are questioning the family members, we're trying to determine whether or not there may have been a dispute."
Township police and the Union County Sheriff's Department crime scene unit cordoned off the snowy suburban street this morning, as investigators moved in and out of the white 1.5-story home.
Though police indicated earlier that the gun accidentally went off while the victim was cleaning it, Mahoney said that information was incorrect.
"At the time of the shooting, there was no indication of anyone cleaning the gun," Mahoney said.
No arrests had been made as of 4:30 p.m., Mahoney said, and people present at the time of the shooting were still being questioned.
Police expect to have more details into the shooting later today.
Editor's note: This story has been updated to reflect new information from police. There was no indication the shooting was an accident that ocurred while the victim was cleaning the gun, as they had previously stated, and the case is still under investigation.
Oh, boy: Mila Kunis and Ashton Kutcher are parents again!
The married former That '70s Show costars have welcomed their second child, a son, a rep confirms to PEOPLE.
The new addition was born on Wednesday, Nov. 30. He joins big sister Wyatt Isabelle, 2.
A rep for Kutcher, 38, and Kunis, 33 — who were married in a low-key ceremony in July 2015 — confirmed the exciting news of their second child on the way exclusively to PEOPLE in June.
The Brief Newsletter Sign up to receive the top stories you need to know right now. View Sample Sign Up Now
And in October, Kutcher spilled the beans on baby number two's sex.
“She points to Mila and she's like, ‘Baby brother!' when she points to the belly,” the star of Netflix's The Ranch said on the Today show of how Wyatt was preparing to be a big sister.
But Kutcher couldn't help telling Seth Meyers that he had secretly hoped to have another little girl because he wants a big family.
“First of all — our first girl is unbelievable. But also I figured if we had a girl second, [Mila] might give me one more shot at having a boy and now I don't know!” he said on Late Night with Seth Meyers in October. “It's even money — she might cut me off!”
One thing is for certain, though: The couple's son will join his sister in learning how to earn in life.
“The one topic of conversation we had even prior to ever having kids was always, ‘How do you raise a child to not be an assh—?' ” Kunis said in August, adding jokingly, “It's a matter of teaching them from a very early age that, you know, ‘Mommy and Daddy may have a dollar, but you're poor.' ”
E News! was the first to report the birth.
This article originally appeared on People.com
Contact us at editors@time.com.
Laila Harre has admitted that the Internet Mana Party made a mistake by not distancing itself from Kim Dotcom in the lead up to the General Election.
Hone Harawira failed to win Te Tai Tokerau, and Internet Mana finished on just over 1.2% last night, well short of the 5% needed to put an MP into Parliament.
The party's main financial backer, Mr Dotcom, says he carries the loss on his shoulders and says he didn't realise "brand Kim Dotcom was poisoned" until the past few weeks.
Ms Harre told TV ONE's Q and A that it "was a mistake" that Mr Dotcom continued to have a high profile association with the Internet Mana Party's campaign in the last month.
The party leader said they "underestimated the aggressiveness with which Internet Mana would be treated" because of the party's association with Mr Dotcom.
Ms Harre said she thinks the left failed to win the election because the parties had "made a serious error in not working more co-operatively".
"I think that the Labour Party made an error from the start, rather than accept the reality of Internet Mana they brought into the right wing narrative about Internet Mana and they joined in the game.
"So by bashing us they actually bashed themselves."
Mr Cunliffe hit out at Mr Dotcom this morning, saying that he had hurt the left's campaign.
"Mr Dotcom needs to look himself in the mirror because he spent millions of dollars to drive the left down, which is absolutely not what he said he wanted to do.
"If he spent half of that on a 'get out and vote campaign' we would be in a lot better shape today," he told Q and A.
National swept home with 48.1% of the vote and will likely have 61 seats in Parliament, while the Labour Party slumped to 24.7%.
NLog Synth not only "supports" Audiobus, it already works! Tempo Rubato's Rolf Wöhrmann tweeted out this picture today.
In the picture above you see SoundPrism Pro and NLog Synth Pro acting as the sound sources. These are both being fed to an instance of Loopy HD. All of which are running on the same iPad. Alone this is great news; another app to play with on Audiobus!
Things got even more interesting in his next tweet. In this setup, pictured left, SoundPrism Pro's audio is first going through NLog Synth Pro and then into Loopy, all through the power of Audiobus and science. NLog is now a filter or effect for SoundPrism!
Apparently all that talk about Audiobus being easy for developers to work with is true. Rolf has already added a whole new audio path to NLog this morning! Seriously. I was talking with Michael Tyson about the Loopy update, when he mentioned he got a call from Rolf early in the morning with this filter idea. A couple hours later Rolf already had it working and compiled for testing!
I spoke with Rolf about the process of adding Audiobus to NLog, trying to get a sense for how challenging it will be for other developers to implement it. He mentioned how easy it is to set up an app to be an Audiobus destination, being the output in the flow shown here. In just 1 or 2 hours he had NLog set up so that it could be a recording destination for Audiobus.
Fitting it in between two apps as the Filter insert was only slightly more difficult, taking about half a day. Keep in mind that he is the guinea pig beta testing the SDK documentation, so some time is added there. Rolf said it took about the same amount of time and effort as implementing Sonoma's Audio Copy/Paste. I asked him how he felt less experienced iOS developers would fare:
Michael made it very easy. He calls it a 30-minute approach to implment it. To be fair this only works if you had constructed your app, let's say, in a reasonable, standard, way. However, if you have coded your app in a strange way, then of course it won't work in 30 minutes. It's so quick, I mean no fear. If your app is well designed you are done in a day.
He added a bit of advice for developers who plan to implement Audiobus in the future.
All of this Audiobusing things together is only fun if you have low latency. Every point in the chain adds latency. So what Audiobus requires is that your app is tuned to work with low latency buffer sizes. Audiobus works best with 256 buffer size, and this is the lowest apps traditionally use. However, I made an informal review and I would say about a third already handle this. For another third it is probably not hard to adapt. For the rest it may take a few days.
Audanika's Sebastian Dittman, co-developer of Audiobus with Michael, was so excited he did a little demo. First you hear SoundPrism Pro, then you hear the same instrument being run through NLog's filter and effects, all recorded into Loopy.
I've been a fan of Aardman from my earliest years. I remember watching the opening sequence of Wallace and Gromit's ‘A Close Shave' again and again as I fell in love with their lively animation style and hilarious characters. Though inconsistent in quality, their films have never lost their aesthetic charm and wide-eyed innocence. Their latest effort, The Shaun the Sheep Movie, proves to be another worthy addition to the Aardman collection, but falls short of their best on account of its stop-and-start action and rather clunky feel.
Adapted from the series of the same name, Shaun the Sheep follows the titular Shaun and his universally lovable team of fluffy fellows, who fumble their way through The Big City in search of their owner after their scheme to sneak a day-off goes awry. As in the Cbeebies series, the film is entirely wordless and punctuated by enthusiastic gibberings, impassioned baa-ing and a whole lot of hoof-flailing. Even without words, so much is said about urban and rural Britain through colourful caricature. The Farmer, who suffers from memory loss after a nasty caravan-related bump on the head, becomes a pop culture icon by mistake: a clever dig at viral sensationalism. The animation is genuinely fun to watch, (the flock waddling around pretending to be humans had me in stiches), and every sight gag feels like a discovery—each one a wink to the audience.
Even with all those praises, on the whole something felt missing. It's full of individually hilarious scenes, but the journey seemed very inconsistent despite some very inventive running jokes. Some of the film's strongest moments are completely silent, which made the hard-rock soundtrack a bit heavy handed and off-putting. Each individual ‘bit' was delightful, but the transitions between scenes often failed to carry along that energy into the next moment. This may be symptomatic of the film's origins, as the TV series is usually no longer than ten minutes per episode. Trying to make Shaun the Sheep bigger and grander, Aardman might have better served the silly sheep with a lighter touch.
The point could be made that bleating on about a children's film for being heavy handed might come across as, well, pretentious. Before seeing Paddington, which did not compromise one bit on quality despite being a kid's film, I might have agreed. Shaun the Sheep is a colourful and sweet adventure from the countryside all the way to the city, but I had hoped for more fun and fewer farts.
★★★
Directed and Written by Mark Burton and Richard Starzak
Starring Justin Fletcher, John Sparks
Run time: 85 mintues.
Rating: U
Advertisements
Hello again! 700% looms on the horizon and we can hardly believe it. You guys could really do it!
We've had a lot of new questions in the last day we thought we should clarify before the campaign is over. There's been questions about the stretch goals and we don't want people to feel like we misrepresented anything for the sake of donations.
Won't porting to consoles dumb down the game, compromise the UI or take more time away from working on the game?
We started the game with the intention of porting to as many places as possible, which we say in the video and on the front page. Something that we could have messaged better is that we won't be porting anything until after chapter 1 is complete sometime at the end of the year. We're not doing simultaneous development, so we won't have anything to port until we have a finished first release. We do apologize about not making this more clear.
As for dumbing down the game or making the UI worse, we don't think that's true. The game as we pitched it is going to be the same on PC, Mac, Linux, iPad and consoles, the same as we originally envisioned it (at this point, better). The UI will be developed to work on our first release - PC and Mac - and then have to be converted for other platforms in the porting process.
Can I have an XBLA or PSN version of the game instead of the PC version?
Our goal has been to make the game universal to backers; that is to say that you pay once and get every version. However, some platforms do not have a system in place for this, such as iPad and console. We may not be able to get free copies of the game on these platforms to give you, we honestly do not know at this time. If we can get keys, we're more than happy to give them to any backers who would like a copy. PC, Mac and Linux will all be available to our backers!
Can you port to the Vita?
We're still looking into this, but we can't promise a Vita port before the end of the campaign. We'd really like to get it on the Vita at some point!
Why did you structure your goals music, then porting and content, then cities? I had to support something I didn't want to get something I did.
We set out the goals based on what would affect the most people. Music is something everyone will hear, ports and content are something a lot people requested, and the cities are for multiplayer. We needed to frontload the things we couldn't ship without, and cities are something we could add in later as funding becomes available. Our stretch goals were just that - extra - so rest assured nothing about them has changed the game we're already working on.
Can you talk more about the additional content?
There are two main things we want to expand with additional content: one is the variety of events that happen during travel. We've mentioned in a few places how this will be reminiscent of King of Dragon Pass. For example, a group of warriors in your caravan may approach you and demand more food than the farmers. Depending on your response you may upset the warriors or the farmers, cause one or the other leave or turn into an unexpected fight. Or you might diffuse the situation and move on. Additionally, we want these events to have some repercussions. You might tell the warriors to back down and think the thing is settled, only to discover that two days later they steal supplies and run off while you're sleeping. We'd like to add a much larger variety of these events and give them more variables.
The other thing is the finale. We're putting an equal amount of effort into the game as a whole but we'd love to put more effort into the finale to 1) make it a longer event and 2) try to account for more variables. We were excited about the ending we were planning to do, and this will let us make a better one. You've already hit this goal, and we're psyched about the ability to work on this!
Can you explain more about the cities? I thought this was about a traveling caravan, not building a city.
Like we mentioned in the last update (but regrettably failed to mention in the video), the player-owned cities are part of the multiplayer game and don't affect the single-player story, which is about staying on the move to escape doom. As the multiplayer is largely about building a huge roster of characters, forming teams and fighting other parties in battle, building your own headquarters is a perfect fit, and something we've always been excited about. Both of these scenarios take place at the same time in the game and will make perfect sense within the context of the story when you see it!
Implementing a new system is never a small task, though, and we're trying very hard to be realistic about what we can handle. Additional funding lets us get hired help to make it happen. Unlike porting, if we meet this goal we're hoping to get this content in the game at release!
I'm interested in the Performance prize but I also want the other prizes, which aren't included. Is there any way to come to a compromise?
As some of you have noticed, we reduced the availability of "the performance" from 3 to 2 for this very reason- someone contacted us to work out a deal for both packages. If you're interested, just let us know.
Do you have examples of guild crests I could look at?
One of our backers named Jessica from neondragonart has been doing some amazing work in the comments thread. Check out her gallery of requested guild crests by clicking HERE. She's no longer taking suggestions but her work is exactly the kind of quality we'd love to see!
When is the game going to be released?
We originally estimated the end of the year. We've been careful not to dramatically change the scope of the game but as you can probably tell we've added a LOT of stuff, way more than we ever expected. We don't see it going something like six months over schedule but we do want to honest that it could go past this year. That said, we will absolutely make sure that all the physical prizes are shipped by the given date!
Is the game going to be in my language? And when will it get translated?
We absolutely intend to translate to as many languages as possible, starting with German, French, Italian and Spanish. We've also gotten a lot of interest in Russian, Polish and Portuguese. We can't guarantee that they'll be ready at launch but once we add the translations you won't have to repurchase the game to see them.
By Christopher Boulay
Liverpool recently landed in Boston to hang out at its tour headquarters, and a large group has already set up camp to prepare for the first of three matches. While the majority have arrived in Boston, some stragglers – including most of the players who participated in Euros – will be joining up later in the week. Here's a breakdown of what you need to know for the club on the pitch for the tour.
Saturday, July 21, 4 p.m. – Toronto v Liverpool – Rogers Centre
The matchup will be the first between the two sides, as Liverpool's previous visit to North America was in 2004, three years before the Canadian club's creation. Keep a look out for a young squad during this match, as many of the players are still looking to hook up with the side for the later matches.
This isn't the first time Liverpool visited Toronto. In 2004, Rafa Benitez's boys lost 1-0 to Porto in the SkyDome. Now named the Rogers Centre, the venue will be the club's first destination on the three-match tour.
Expect Toronto to field an interesting squad. Major League Soccer is in full-swing, and many teams are not particularly keen on fielding a full squad against a European side. It is certainly a possibility that Toronto is short-handed this match. Furthermore, Toronto just lost one of its best players to injury. Danny Koevermans, the 33-year-old former Dutch international, tore his ACL and will be out for the remainder of the club's season. This is just the latest of many setbacks for the side this season. At present, the club has 16 points, which is worst in MLS.
Wednesday, July 25 7p.m. – Liverpool v Roma – Fenway Park
Liverpool should get a stronger test against AS Roma, as the clubs will clash in Boston in a mid-week match at Fenway Park. Liverpool has never played at the venue before, but is not unfamiliar with New England. On the previous tour, the club played Celtic in Rentschler Field in East Hartford, Connecticut, rolling to a 5-1 victory.
Roma recently sold Fabio Borini to Liverpool, and this will likely be his first time in a Liverpool kit. Not only should that be a reason for fans to watch, but it is also another chance to relive the 1984 European Cup Final, where the Merseyside club picked up its fourth of five Champions League trophies. The two clubs met in America before, in 2004, where Liverpool edged out the Italian side 2-1, thanks to goals from Michael Owen and Djibril Cisse.
Saturday, July 28, 1 p.m. – Liverpool v Tottenham – M&T Bank Stadium
Tottenham and Liverpool are both quite familiar with one another, and the two sides have become quite competitive in recent years. Both will enter the Europa League this season, and are on relatively level playing fields. This could be a good opportunity for each club to see where its at, as the Premier League season is quickly approaching.
This is the second time Tottenham has come to the United States, and its supporters pool in the country is growing. The last time the club was here was in 2010, as it played San Jose, Red Bull New York and Sporting Clube de Portugal. Liverpool fans should not only expect a strong performance from the Lilywhites, but also a significant presence from Tottenham's supporters.
LFC Boston will have you covered for each match preview and report as the tour continues. Keep checking the site, as well as the group's Twitter account.
Advertisements
For years Prenda Law extracted millions of dollars in cash settlements from alleged BitTorrent pirates, leaving misery in its wake. The company itself is no more but for its former operators the show isn't over yet. The FBI has already interviewed two Pirate Bay co-founders about an alleged Prenda honeypot and according to expert opinion, the investigation is now in its latter stages.
In an effort to turn piracy into profit, more than a decade ago enterprising groups centered around lawfirms decided that file-sharers were ripe for a shakedown. Tracking IP addresses back to their users, companies demanded settlements of hundreds to many thousands of dollars each, to make supposed lawsuits go away.
During the last 10 years many companies have gained infamy with this business model, but few stirred up as much hatred as Prenda Law. Prenda and its principals John Steele, Paul Hansmeier and Paul Duffy grabbed dozens of headlines, mostly surrounding negative court rulings which found the outfit to have engaged in everything from vexatious litigation through to identity theft, misrepresentation and even deception.
Underlying this deviant behavior was the disturbing fact that rather than simply monitoring pirates online, Prenda actually uploaded content itself in order to create pirate honeypots on The Pirate Bay and elsewhere, a practice that pushed the company well over the moral line.
Although now defunct, Prenda is still fresh in the minds of its many victims so news last year that the outfit was under investigation by the FBI was well-received. Speaking with TorrentFreak, Pirate Bay co-founders Peter Sunde and Fredrik Neij confirmed that they had both been interviewed in prison by police acting on behalf of the FBI.
“They wanted to know if I could verify the accuracy of the IP-address logs, how they were stored, and how they could be retrieved,” Neij explained.
But since then another year has passed and memories of Prenda have continued to fade. Will the world's most hated trolls ever be brought to criminal justice? Well, fresh news from Ken White at Popehat suggests that the FBI still have a keen interest in the case and could be close to their goal.
Operating out of its Minneapolis office, the FBI has continued to seek additional information about Prenda and has reportedly sent out a letter “on a large scale” to attorneys who have represented alleged file-sharers targeted by the law company.
Ken White says he has seen the document and it reveals that the FBI is investigating several entities connected to Prenda including Steele Hansmeier PLLC, LW Systems, Livewire Holdings, AF Holdings, Ingenuity13, and Guava LLC.
“The FBI has devoted substantial resources to soliciting victim impact in a systematic way, and based on its questions about availability to testify is contemplating prosecution,” White explains.
Noting that the letter has gone out in a fairly public fashion, While says he believes that the investigation is probably in its latter stages, with the FBI already in possession of the evidence it needs to prosecute a case of wire and/or mail fraud.
By contacting Prenda's victims, White believes the FBI is attempting to establish the amount of damages to claim, which could be substantial.
“Bear in mind that under the Federal Sentencing Guidelines, the more money wrongdoers made, the more time they're facing. Team Prenda needs federal criminal defense attorneys, and needs them right now,” he concludes.
News that the investigation into Prenda's activities could be in its final stages will be well received by thousands of victims and the possibility of peering behind the curtain of one of the most hated troll outfits is certainly welcome. The cherry on the top would be a successful prosecution but that could be some time away yet.
At a pride event hosting guest of honor Masha Gessen, U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry tells LGBT foreign affairs personnel he is "working hard to ensure that by the end of my tenure, we will have lesbian, bisexual, and transgender ambassadors in our ranks as well."
John Kerry addressed the members of GLIFAA to celebrate pride last Thursday, promising them he is "working hard to ensure that by the end of my tenure, we will have lesbian, bisexual, and transgender ambassadors in our ranks as well." GLIFAA (formerly Gays and Lesbians in Foreign Affairs Agencies) is organization that represents foreign affairs and foreign service LGBT personnel and their families, including those who work for the State Department.
There are currently five gay U.S. Ambassadors, including James "Wally" Brewster who is serving in the Dominican Republic. Ambassador Brewster and his husband posted a pride video this month. Ted Osius, when confirmed, will be the sixth.
The Secretary of State praised Robyn Alice McCutcheon, the "first transgender Foreign Service officer to come out on the job," noting, "believe me it wasn't easy."
"I think everybody here knows that. When she was posted in Bucharest, she faced a lot of prejudice, she had to deal with completely inappropriate judgments that people were making, questions about her abilities, but she didn't just persevere. In the end, she won the hearts of the Ambassador, her career Foreign Service colleagues, Civil Service colleagues, and the local staff, and she actually made Embassy Bucharest a model of acceptance. She even authored the first State Department report on transgender issues, and she didn't just get through a difficult period, she was determined to turn it into a precedent-setting event, and as a result she made it a lot easier for those - or at least a little easier for those who follow. And I can't begin to tell you and I think everybody here knows what a difference that has made."
Secretary Kerry also welcomed Russian LGBT activist, author, and guest of honor Masha Gessen, "for her own special perseverance and advocacy."
"When all the repressive anti-LGBT laws in Russia threatened literally to break apart her family, she put up a fight," Sec. Kerry said. "Fearlessly, she spoke out on Russia's only independent television channel, and her Pink Triangle Campaign, which everybody became familiar with, unleashed a wave of grassroots activism. And the government in Moscow may look at Masha as a troublemaker to contend with, but here in the United States, we know that she is a wonderful person - a mother, a journalist, an extraordinary human rights defender - and we are honored by her presence here. Thank you for being here."
He also praised his predecessor, Hillary Clinton.
"I'm proud to follow in the footsteps of an extraordinary advocate for the cause. When Hillary Clinton gave that speech in front of the Human Rights Council in Geneva and said five simple words, "Gay rights are human rights," she transformed the debate. And standing here with Robyn, I want to build on that legacy, because LGBT rights are human rights, and human rights are LGBT rights."
Watch:
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1UmF4km6sNY
Hat tip: Weekly Standard
Image by U.S. Department of State via Flickr
See a mistake? Email corrections to: [email protected]
A New Zealand hospital refused to speculate last week on just how one patient managed to get an eel stuck up his backside.
According to the New Zealand Herald, the unnamed bloke walked, or perhaps slithered, into Auckland City Hospital's A&E department in need of an urgent jacksie eel extraction.
A swift X-ray and scan confirmed an anguilline presence where the sun don't shine, and docs were able to successfully remove the animal, whose fate is unknown.
A hospital source said: "The eel was about the size of a decent sprig of asparagus and the incident is the talk of the place. Doctors and nurses have come across people with strange objects that have got stuck where they shouldn't be before, but an eel has to be a first."
Matt Rogers, spokesman for Auckland District Health Board, told the NZ Herald: "We can confirm that an adult male presented at Auckland City Hospital this week with an eel inside him."
Rogers proved slippery in regard to specifics, however, and stonewalled: "No further comment will be made out of respect for the patient's right to privacy."
The NZ Herald helpfully explains that the country hosts two main types of eel: the shortfin and the longfin. It deliciously adds that the creatures are "secretive, nocturnal and prefer habitats with plenty of cover", before brilliantly concluding they "hunt by smell rather than sight". ®
Malaysia's Royal Police Chief Khalid Abu Bakar (C) speaks during a news conference regarding the apparent assassination of Kim Jong Nam, the half-brother of the North Korean leader, at the Malaysian police headquarters in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia, February 22, 2017. REUTERS/Athit Perawongmetha
SEOUL (Reuters) - North Korea said on Tuesday it has temporarily banned Malaysians from leaving the country to ensure the safety of its diplomats and citizens in Malaysia amid an escalating row over the killing of North Korean leader Kim Jong-un's half-brother.
The North's foreign ministry has notified the Malaysian embassy in Pyongyang of the reason for the measure and said it had hoped the case would be swiftly and fairly resolved in order to develop bilateral ties with Malaysia, the North's KCNA news agency reported.
SANFORD — The man accused of shooting at George Zimmerman will use a "stand your ground" defense in an attempt to clear himself, his lawyer said Friday.
"That's a good look into the future," said Michael Lafay moments after a bond hearing for his client, Matthew Apperson, a 36-year-old Winter Springs man accused of firing into Zimmerman's pickup May 11 as they traveled in separate vehicles down West Lake Mary Boulevard.
"And, of course, as you know," Lafay said, "Mr. Zimmerman is no stranger to a 'stand your ground' situation."
Zimmerman is the former Neighborhood Watch volunteer acquitted of second-degree murder for killing Trayvon Martin, an unarmed black 17-year-old, in Sanford in 2012. He says he acted in self-defense.
For months, his lawyers claimed that he should be cleared under Florida's much-criticized "stand your ground" law, which provides immunity to anyone who uses deadly force if he has a reasonable fear of imminent death or great bodily injury.
George Zimmerman's lawyer, Don West combats allegations that Matthew Apperson was acting out of self-defense. George Zimmerman's lawyer, Don West combats allegations that Matthew Apperson was acting out of self-defense. SEE MORE VIDEOS
In the end, however, they opted to go straight to trial and forgo a "stand your ground" hearing.
What happened between Apperson and Zimmerman on May 11 is similar in many ways to the night Trayvon was shot. Two people exchanged words. There was a confrontation, and then someone grabbed a gun and opened fire, claiming the other was about to kill him.
In this case, each man says the other was the aggressor.
Apperson told Lake Mary police he fired one round from a .357-caliber handgun after Zimmerman pointed a gun at him and said, "I'm going to kill you."
Matthew Apperson of Winter Springs was charged with aggravated assault with a deadly weapon, aggravated battery with a deadly weapon and firing a deadly missile into an occupied conveyance after an altercation with George Zimmerman.
But Zimmerman's attorney, Don West, told reporters that Apperson was the aggressor. Zimmerman had a weapon in his pickup, West said, but did not brandish it.
Friday afternoon, Apperson was back in court, where a judge ordered him to wear a GPS device while awaiting trial so Zimmerman would know anytime he's nearby.
Zimmerman was not in court, but Assistant State Attorney Stewart Stone said, "I can tell the court that he wants it."
Apperson was freed two weeks ago on $35,000 bail.
Lafay asked Circuit Judge Debra S. Nelson not to make Apperson wear the monitor. In the two weeks since his release from jail, Apperson has "scrupulously" complied with court orders and stayed out of trouble, Lafay said.
But the judge ordered it anyway and told county officials to strap it on him "now."
West said his client is willing to wear a companion device, hardware that would alert him if Apperson comes near him.
West said the shooting for Zimmerman was "a remarkably traumatic event." A bullet passed within "inches of his head."
Before the hearing, West said Zimmerman is currently in the Seminole County area but plans to leave the state.
Stone pointed out that the GPS device will not restrict where Apperson can go. It's Zimmerman who'll need to move if an alarm sounds because Apperson has gotten too close.
In the motion asking for the GPS device, prosecutors disclosed that Apperson was released from a mental ward three weeks before the shooting.
He has a history of bipolar disorder and anxiety, according to the state.
"It appears that Apperson has a fixation on Zimmerman," Lake Mary police Detective Michelle Hernandez wrote in her arrest report.
Apperson was arrested on charges of aggravated assault, aggravated battery and shooting into a vehicle.
Apperson had two guns with him, according to a search warrant: a .357-caliber Ruger that he told police he fired and a .22-caliber Glock.
He also had 47 rounds of ammunition, according to the warrant.
rstutzman@tribpub.com
On Sunday night Chris Jericho will walk into Orlando's Camping World Stadium to the raucous cheers of a sold-out arena, making his way to the ring for his United States Championship match at WrestleMania 33. He's stepped onto wrestling's biggest stage a dozen times before – winning the World Heavyweight Championship, beating legends like Ricky Steamboat and Roddy Piper, facing Triple H for the top title in the main event – and does so this time to square off with Kevin Owens, the in-story best friend who recently betrayed him.
It will also be one of the last times wrestling fans will have a chance to see him in the ring for quite a while. Jericho, who made his wrestling debut 27 years ago, is one of the WWE's most prolific talents, and he'll soon be dropping the in-ring mic for one on a stage as he heads off for his band's new album tour. One thing that won't go away, however, is his tremendously successful podcast Talk is Jericho, which has been on the air for more than three years.
I had the chance to catch up with the Ayatollah of Rock 'n' Rolla while he was en route to Orlando for Sunday's big show, and we spoke about the success of his show, his plans for building out his own podcasting network and his ultimate goal of becoming the biggest podcaster in the world.
Though he's a household name now, Chris Jericho entered the wrestling world as a nobody at a time when it was still dominated by muscle-bound giants. Yet success came not from his physique but rather from his charisma, which was enough to carry him around the world. He debuted in 1990 and soon made his way through wrestling rings in Canada, Mexico, Germany and Japan before eventually landing at Paul Heyman's ECW. That was followed by a move to WCW in 1996 and then, after nine years in the business, Jericho finally arrived in WWE (then the World Wrestling Federation). When he showed up in August of 1999, he received one of the greatest welcomes a wrestling arena has ever offered:
Jericho's wrestled for WWE ever since but he hasn't been a constant presence, the result of his incredibly diverse set of interests. In 2000 the lifelong music fan started Fozzy, the heavy metal group that is now on the verge of releasing its seventh studio album and Jericho's top non-wrestling commitment. Jericho's also written books, starred in movies – he has bitten roles in both MacGruber and the third Sharknado – and has been on TV in non-wrestling formats like Dancing with the Stars, Talking Dead and Adult Swim's The Eric Andre Show.
The most recent addition to the collection is a tremendously successful move into the podcasting world, which began with the December 2013 launch of Talk is Jericho, the one-man show that covers everything from wrestling to music to the supernatural and beyond. The show now ranks among the most popular sports podcasts, but at the outset it was a matter of some recent experience – Jericho had been hosting a radio show on SiriusXM – and a lucky phone call that got him going.
“When that [radio show] ended I just happened to get a call from Stone Cold Steve Austin, who had been doing his podcast for about a year” Jericho says, “And they were looking for people to do podcasts. Two weeks later I was up on the air, and I've been loving it ever since.”
Much like when he was an outsider debuting on WWE and immediately taking shots at The Rock, Jericho entered the podcast world with his sights set on a titan. “I came into the business and I said, ‘Who's the biggest podcaster?' Okay, it's Adam Corolla – I want his job. I want to be the biggest podcaster in the world. And the way to do that is not put yourself in a box.”
So far he's off to a great start, and Jericho recently said that his show has garnered 190 million listens in its first three years. Talk Is Jericho is produced through a partnership with PodcastOne, which handles much of the show's production, promotion, distribution and ad sales. The two share the ad revenues, typically a podcast's only source of income.
But how has the show become so successful, so quickly? My guess was that wrestling fans, who are typically younger and thus more internet-savvy than most, followed Jericho into his latest endeavor. But the 46-year-old thinks it's much more personal than that:
“I'll take it a step further. It's not wrestling fans, it's Jericho fans. And that's what I kind of banked on at first. If you like me and you like what I do, trust me. I might throw some curveballs at you, but there's nobody on my show I don't approve.” So far those curveballs have included the likes of Freddie Prinze Jr., Kenny G and Criss Angel. Jericho says they're almost always a hit: “Every week people go ‘I've never heard of so-and-so, but I listened to the show and now I'm a fan.'”
Jericho credits that diversity of guests and breadth of coverage with a lot of his show's success, and he says it's something he first saw working on Corolla's show. Another idea cribbed from Corolla: A branded network of subsidiary podcasts.
The Jericho Network, which launched last summer, is currently the home to six podcasts: Beyond the Darkness, Keepin It 100 With Konnan, Killing the Town with Storm & Cyrus, The Team Tiger Awesome Show, The Raven Effect and Rock Talk with Mitch Lafon. The last two just joined up in recent weeks, and Jericho says the other four are already moneymakers. The rockstar in Jericho shines through as he explains the network model in musical terms: “It's like when a record company gives a band its own label through Sony, for example…it's a subsidiary label.” Jericho, PodcastOne and the individual show hosts all have stakes in the ad revenues. Jericho's job includes finding the talent, and his idea for early success is an ambitious one: “If I can have a legit six hit shows and four or five others that are building, I think that'd be a good place to start.”
You might think recording one podcast and overseeing a half-dozen others would be tough work from the road, where Jericho spends most of his time between wrestling and rocking out. Not so. In fact, Jericho credits the travel with his being able to reach so many guests in person, and he says the only real challenge is finding a wifi signal strong enough to let him send his files to PodcastOne. Plus he's lived on the road ever since his wrestling debut 27 years ago and has no intentions of changing that anytime soon: “I can't imagine being at home for months at a time. I'm sure my family would love it, but I'm sure I would also drive them crazy.”
Plus he adds that the nature of podcasting allows him to essentially work on his own schedule, since interviews can be recorded and banked for a later date. His latest episode with Roman Reigns was a quick turnaround, but another recent conversation with former WWE superstar Dave Bautista will stay in the bag for over a month to coincide with the May release of Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 2. A recently published interview with Bob Barker was in the tank for a year.
So what does the future hold? Wrestling fans won't be happy with what The Man of 1,004 Holds has to say: “We're getting ready to put out a new Fozzy record, and I can't do wrestling and music at the same time. So I think this [wrestling] run is pretty much winding down at this point.” That shouldn't be too much of a surprise – Jericho announced Fozzy's May tour dates three weeks ago – but Jericho makes it sound like this next break could be a long one: “It's time to take a break from wrestling and work on some of these other things that have been on the back burner and are starting to come to fruition.”
Some of those plans include his fourth autobiography, No is a Four-Letter Word: How I Failed Spelling but Succeeded in Life, which comes out in August, plus a new deal to do a show with the Travel Channel. And those who'd rather see him in the squared circle will at least be glad to know that he's leaving the door open for a future return:
“If there's a tour of Japan or a tour of Australia, I'll go if I'm free. If there's a weekend I'm free, I'll do it in Peoria or Lakeland, Florida. It doesn't matter to me how big or small the shows are, because they all count. I still enjoy it, and when it's time for me to come back, if that time comes and when that time comes, then I'll come back the same way I always do.”
Follow @ChrisSmith813
SALEM, Ore. -- A boy with leukemia lived out his dream of being a police officer when he was sworn in as a Marion County "special deputy" for a day.
Undersheriff Troy Clausen swore in 9-year-old Nate Samoylich on Aug. 3.
"Once we heard his wish, we wanted to make him a part of our team," said Marion County Sheriff's Office spokesman Dep. Ethan Griffith. "Special Deputy Samoylich was issued a uniform, badge, and gear bag containing sheriff's office goodies."
Photos: Boy becomes Marion Co. deputy for a day
Photos: Boy becomes Marion Co. deputy for a day
Nate started his workday with hot chocolate and donuts, but as soon as the break was over he was tasked with providing security for Judge Channing Bennett's courtroom.
Then he got into Sgt. Jason Hickam's squad car and patrolled the streets to protect and serve the residents of Marion County.
"Back at the office, Nate processed a crime scene, hung out with the SWAT Team and played with K-9's," Griffith said. "After a full day Nate patrolled his way home where he signed off at his house, leaving the streets of Marion County for the loving arms of his family."
Sgt. Hickham, Nate's partner thanked him for a job well done.
"Today we made a dream come true and there is no better feeling," Hickham said. "Thank you Nate for choosing the Marion County Sheriff's Office and allowing us to be a part of your special day."
Garrett, 20, lost his father, George Winkelmaier Jr.(54), on December 27, 2011 to cancer. Sadly two weeks later Garrett was told that he has Hodgkin's Lymphoma (cancer of the lymph nodes). Our family has been overwhelmed with medical care and expenses for the past 8 years and now with the loss of his father's income we are again faced with continued medical expenses beyond our resources! $19 for Garrett is our campaign to raise funds to provide for his medical expenses and continued health insurance.
Your $19, $190 or $1,900 donation or anything in between will be sincerely appreciated! Any amount is cheerfully accepted, thank you!
Garrett is an alum of Reno High School and currently attending UNR as an engineering major.
Due to the overwhelming amount of loving support we have been able to increase our goal to meet the overwhelming demands on our family. We are so deeply touched by everyone's sincere love and concern and will be forever grateful. Thank you for keeping us in your prayers.
If you preferred to send a check, card or letter our mailing address is:
19 for Garrett
P.O. Box 5774
Reno, NV 89513-5774
Donations are accepted at any US Bank Branch:
$19 For Garrett - Donation Account Name
Right at Home ~ In home care and assistance of Reno held a fundraiser and funds raised by the office staff were matched by the owners. Thank you!!!!!
If your business would like to hold a fundraiser please contact us for assistance.
During the lead up to DreamHack Open Cluj-Napoca, Virtus.pro's Jarosław "pashaBiceps" Jarząbkowski spoke to theScore eSports about his team's chemistry, how he feels about his own play and what it is like to play against the best.
When did you first start playing Counter-Strike and why did you decide to become a pro?
I started to play Counter-Strike a very long time ago. It was about 12 years ago. I was living in Nasielsk which is very small village, and there was nothing special to do besides spending time with friends. I couldn't play football (soccer) 24/7, so for a change I decided to try CS at local internet cafes. I became better than anyone else in the village and I saw big potential in it, so I decided that one day I'll be on top!
Compared to other teams, Virtus.pro is known for being very loud and it has been said that you guys have internal conflicts often. What has kept you guys together for so long?
Yea, this is true. There were, are and will be arguments in a team. That's a normal thing. We are like a family. During breakfast we could have a quarrel between us, but a few hours later we will become champions. We are big guys with big balls, we are not soft. We still stay together because we have a lot of experience.
After having some trouble earlier in the year, your team has been very strong recently. How did the team get back to the top of their game the past couple of months?
Kuben's addition to the team had a big impact on our game. He really helps us a lot. We always had ups and downs during our careers, but determination, Polish heart, a common goal and fans all over the world will carry us like the wind.
Specifically, TaZ has recently been putting in some really big games individually even though he was looked at as a more supportive player for a little while. Why do you think he has been doing so well?
TaZ has never been a support player, he's a real gorilla in-game. No respect for an opponent, he loves to shoot the headshots! He gets big games thanks to hard work he puts in during practice.
You most recently won the Crown Invitational in Australia. What do you think of the current Australian teams? Why do you think neither Immunity nor Renegades were able to make it to the Major?
It's a shame that there will not be kangaroos at the Major. Teams from Australia always surprise their enemies, I can see big potential in their game, but guys, it's time to move to Europe! If they want to become a top tier team, they need to practice with the best teams in the world. Feel free to come to Polandooo!
Looking ahead to the Major, how will your team be preparing?
At the upcoming major, anything can happen. We had the couple of tournaments lately, that kinda broke us. We are trying different styles right now, but it doesn't always work. Hopefully we are a LAN team and we perform better there.
How much individual practice do you do normally? Is there anything you want to improve about yourself before the event?
This year was very hard for me. I have a very weak condition to train at home. Next year will be my year. I will have my gaming room, I will play individually before and after team practice. Now nelaBiceps grabs my mouse when I am playing, so my level becomes too NightMare!
Your team changes roles more than any other team it seems. What is each player's roles going to be at the Major?
I can't tell you. Other teams are not sleeping.
Your team has been beating everyone, but how confident are you when you go up against teams like TSM and EnVyUs? What do you think will decide which team wins in Romania?
Everything starts when I wake up. How do I feel my biceps. Is it going to be a good day or even better. Sometimes it means that rivals shouldn't swing their heads from the corner or I will cut them. Then only small details decides.
Finally, do you have any advice to give to Team Biceps while they wait to see you play at the event?
I hope that after the event, I will add Romania to my team Biceps best fans map. I would like to feel in your country like at home, and I hope you guys are waiting for me and my team. Romanian army we are coming!
This interview was edited and condensed for clarity.
Translations provided by Jakub "kuben" Gurczyński.
Jacob Juillet writes about Counter-Strike for theScore eSports. Follow him on Twitter.
Image caption Luca Parmitano floats through the hatch into the International Space Station
Three new crew members have arrived at the International Space Station (ISS) after launching from Kazakhstan.
The Soyuz rocket carrying Fyodor Yurchikhin, Karen Nyberg and Luca Parmitano lifted away from the Baikonur Cosmodrome at 02:31 local time on Wednesday (20:31 GMT Tuesday).
Russian Yurchikhin and American Nyberg have both been into space before. Italian Parmitano is a first-timer.
They arrived at the orbiting platform five hours and 46 minutes later.
Their Soyuz capsule was using a new flight profile that dramatically reduces the rendezvous time from the traditional two days.
It is technically more difficult and requires some very precise orbital adjustments, but it is deemed to be easier on the crew because it means they do not have to spend so long inside their cramped vehicle.
Leak and pressure checks were conducted following docking at the station, with a hatch opening at 04:14 GMT.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Fyodor Yurchikhin, Karen Nyberg and Luca Parmitano lift off on their six hour flight to the International Space Station
The trio, whose designation is Expedition 36, were greeted with hugs and smiles by the three individuals already on the ISS - Russians Pavel Vinogradov and Alexander Misurkin, and American Chris Cassidy.
The new crew members will be given a week of light duties in which to acclimatise to their weightless surroundings. Work will then begin in earnest.
Luca Parmitano's participation in this expedition is particularly notable.
At 36, he is the youngest person to get a long-duration (six months) stay on the station. He is also the first of the European Space Agency's (Esa) new intake of astronauts to get a flight assignment.
Selected in 2009, the former fighter pilot has a packed schedule ahead of him.
ISS crews are now completing about 70 hours a week of science, conducting experiments that exploit the unique microgravity environment on the platform.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Russian Soyuz capsule docks at the International Space Station
Parmitano has a package of specific European activities to work through, which cover fields as diverse as fluid physics and materials science.
The Italian will see all of the vehicles now used to service the station come and go during his time in orbit, including possibly the new Cygnus freighter which is made in part in the Italian city of Turin.
He is also scheduled to make two spacewalks to work on the exterior of the platform.
"I've dreamt of doing that. Being an astronaut is about walking in space. For me, they are one and the same thing," he told BBC News.
One of the spacewalks will help prepare the ISS for the arrival of Russia's big science laboratory, which will grow the 420-tonne complex still further.
The lab will come up with Europe's major robotic contribution to the platform - a large arm that is able to move around the station to conduct work wherever it is needed.
Born in the Sicilian town of Paterno, Parmitano expects to bring a strong Italian flavour to his stay in orbit - literally. Italian chefs have prepared a range of special astronaut foods for him, including lasagne and risotto.
These will be delivered to the ISS in the coming weeks on the European robotic freighter Albert Einstein.
Fyodor Yurchikhin, Karen Nyberg and Luca Parmitano are due back on Earth on 10 November.
Image caption Karen Nyberg (L), Fyodor Yurchikhin (C), and Luca Parmitano (R) will stay in orbit until November
Jonathan.Amos-INTERNET@bbc.co.uk and follow me on Twitter: @BBCAmos
Spotify has been talking about streaming video as well as music for almost a year now. But a report from the Wall Street Journal quoting a Spotify exec claims that the service will be launched later this week.
The Journal says that video content will be available on Android apps “starting this week,” while those using iOS will have the service “by the end of next week.” It's said to be arriving in the US, UK, Germany, and Sweden, and the first wave of content will be provided by the likes of “ESPN, Comedy Central, the BBC, Vice Media and Maker Studios.”
Advertisement
Spotify has already been testing video with a small number of customers in some of those countries, but this will see the service open to all users.
Spotify already explained how the service could work last year, but seems to have learned some lessons throughout the beta testing it's been carrying out. For instance, it will deliver “contextually relevant videos” based on the kinds of music you listen to, as well as short playlists of video content neatly packaged up to watch. The Journal suggests these might be along the lines of “News of the Week” or “Laughs at Lunch.”
It'll face some stiff competition from the likes of YouTube, of course, but the move will also differentiate it from competing music services like Deezer. Let's see how well it works.
Advertisement
[Wall Street Journal]
Image by freestocks.org
Act now to support bikeways and trails in Chesterfield County
This is not a drill: it's time to take action.
The Chesterfield County Board of Supervisors is hearing the Bikeways and Trails Plan on Nov. 18. While the future of the plan is uncertain, we know one thing for sure: your elected official wants to hear from you when deciding whether or not to adopt the plan.
Please take a few minutes to call or write a personalized message to your elected official, expressing your support for a comfortable, connected network of bikeways and trails in Chesterfield County. We've set up an easy way for you to contact your representatives on the Board of Supervisors, using the links below. But we know they need to hear from you in your own words, so please fill in your contact info, subject line, and draft a short e-mail.
Click here if you live in Bermuda >>
Click here if you live in Clover Hill >>
Click here if you live in Dale >>
Click here if you live in Matoaca >>
Click here if you live in Midlothian >>
(Don't know which district you live in? No problem! Use this nifty tool and click on “search property assessments”.)
Here are some suggested talking points to help you with your message:
The people of Chesterfield County need the freedom to choose how they get around. Residents should not be forced into driving everywhere they need to go. A safe, accessible network of bikeways and trails will connect people of all ages and abilities with schools, parks, libraries, places of work, and more.
Residents should not be forced into driving everywhere they need to go. A safe, accessible network of bikeways and trails will connect people of all ages and abilities with schools, parks, libraries, places of work, and more. Adopting the Bikeways and Trails Plan won't cost the County anything. The purpose of the plan is to set the vision for future development of a network of bikeways and trails. How that network is paid for is a separate process altogether.
The purpose of the plan is to set the vision for future development of a network of bikeways and trails. How that network is paid for is a separate process altogether. One-third of Chesterfield County residents don't drive – they are either too young, not physically or mentally able, or can't afford it. Bikeways and trails provide safe, accessible transportation options for everyone.
– they are either too young, not physically or mentally able, or can't afford it. Bikeways and trails provide safe, accessible transportation options for everyone. Communities with comfortable, connected places to bike and walk are better places to live. Young professionals want to have a safe choice for walking and biking with their families, and businesses want the same for their employees. More bikeways + trails = good for the economy!
Two final ways to take action:
RSVP for the Nov. 18 hearing and make your voice heard in person.
and make your voice heard in person. Tell a friend to come with you to the Nov. 18 hearing.
Thank you for everything you do to support a walkable, bikeable Chesterfield County.
Buy a gun in Los Angeles, pay an extra fee?
Two Los Angeles lawmakers want to explore taxing handguns and ammunition sales in a bid to reduce gun violence.
Los Angeles City Councilmen Paul Koretz and Paul Krekorian last week submitted a motion asking for a report on the proposal, which Koretz estimates could bring about $1 million a year.
Koretz compared the proposed tax with a cigarette tax or pollution mitigation fee.
“If you want to have a gun, you can have one, but you have to pay an extra tax that pays for some of the societal costs of guns,” Koretz said, defining “costs” as suicides and mass shootings.
The council members' motion comes two months after Seattle passed a law adding a $25 tax to gun sales and 2- to 5-cent tax to ammunition. The fee comes on top of Seattle's 9.6 percent sales tax.
The Seattle law is scheduled to take effect Jan. 1 but faces a legal challenge from the National Rifle Association and two major gun groups who contend local municipalities can't create their own firearms regulations.
According to the NRA, the only other city with an individual tax on gun sales is Chicago. That city's law was passed in 2012, when Cook County, Ill., passed a gun tax to raise money for taxpayer-funded hospital costs involved with treating gun-related incidents and court costs related to gun violence.
According to a study released by the nonprofit Urban Institute, California hospitals spent about $87 million on firearm assault injury costs in 2010, with the public shouldering 65 percent of those expenses.
Fourteen stores sell guns or ammunition in the city of Los Angeles, according to the Los Angeles Police Department's Gun Unit, which tracks firearms. Half of those retailers are Big 5 Sporting Goods stores. A message left at Big 5's corporate headquarters wasn't returned.
Gun buyers already pay an existing 10 percent to 11 percent federal tax on weapons, per a 1937 law that redistributes the money to wildlife conservation and shooting facilities.
Krekorian cited the regular occurrence of mass shootings in the U.S. in explaining his support for a possible tax.
“Gun violence is a national epidemic, and I think lawmakers at every level have an obligation to look for ways to raise awareness about the issue and find reasonable ways to help prevent it,” Krekorian said.
NRA spokesman Lars Dalseide pointed to the recent rising crime rates in Chicago and suggested a tax doesn't deter gun violence.
“The problem most gun control advocates don't seem to grasp is that criminals don't legally purchase firearms,” Dalseide wrote in an email. “That means it's the law-abiding gun owner who buys a target pistol, hunting rifle or firearm for self defense who ends up shouldering the cost incurred by the illegal activity of muggers, carjackers and home invaders.”
Both Krekorian and Koretz backed several gun control measures during their respective time in the state Assembly.
In August, the Los Angeles City Council, led by Krekorian, backed a law requiring local handgun owners to safely lock up their weapons or face misdemeanor charges.
And in July, the council banned the possession of large-capacity gun magazines in the city of Los Angeles.
NBN Co has enough money to get through the coming financial year, and future funding options include the government raising money and loaning it to NBN Co, according to chief executive Bill Morrow. "These are issues that the department of finance are considering. [chief financial officer] Stephen [Rue] and I have had numerous meetings with them. They are well on track. We are not pressed for time on this issue. We are not lacking any kind of confidence that they won't be able to produce whatever the source is that they want to use to fund us," he said on Tuesday. The company received $7.1 billion from the federal government during the 2015-16 year, and has spent $20.3 billion since being launched in 2009. Mr Rue said the company still has access to $9.2 billion of government funding, which is enough to get through the 2016-17 financial year. "We are currently evaluating long term funding options in order to fund the business through to the time when sufficient cash flows are generated to run the business in a self-sustaining way," he said on Tuesday.
According to the presentation released on Tuesday, NBN Co's had a $2.4 billion loss in 2015-16, which was bigger than the $1.7 billion loss the previous year. Detailed financial information will not be available until its annual report is tabled in Parliament later this month. Employee expenses increased from $404 million to $609 million. Total expenses increased from $1.3 billion to $2 billion, including $582 million paid to Telstra and Optus for customers moving off their phone lines and onto NBN Co's. These 'subscriber costs' will increase as more customers activate their NBN connection. Communications Minister Mitch Fifield and Finance Minister Mathias Cormann released a joint statement congratulating NBN Co on its ninth consecutive quarter of growth, adding "the Government has instructed NBN to continue rolling out the network as economically as possible." "More than one-quarter of Australian homes and businesses can now access an NBN service, and the company is aiming to reach almost half of all households by mid-2017," they said. Revenues increased from $164 million to $421 million during the year and are expected to reach $900 million next June. Most of the revenue came from households with fibre-to-the-home connections and internet companies buying enough capacity to service them.
The average revenue per user [ARPU] has increased from $40 per month to $43 per month, according to Mr Rue. "This growth in ARPU reflects a more than 27 percent increase in data consumption. Retail service providers are dimensioning their networks for additional capacity as demand grows," he added. Average monthly downloads were 83 gigabytes [GB] per user in December and had increased to 131 GB by June. The company continues it's multi-technology mix, completed a trial of fibre to the node and launched the service in September 2015. It also launched a satellite called Sky Muster and started selling services on it, and has launched a cable product using Telstra's existing hybrid-fibre coaxial cable network. It has started testing "fibre to the distribution point".
"Nearly two thirds of the nation are either in design, in construction, or already able to access the NBN service," Mr Morrow said. Of the 1.1 million customers about 822,000 are using the fibre to the premises technology. The most expensive type of connection was about $4,400 per household for a fibre optic cable installed directly into homes in established suburbs. The next most expensive was fixed wireless, then fibre connections in new housing estates, and the cheapest was fibre to the node, costing about $2,250 per household. However, NBN Co does not provide cost per premise for satellite connections, which would be about $6,000 per household. The two Sky Muster satellites cost $2.3 billion to construct and launch and will serve a maximum of 410,000 households. To recoup the high cost, NBN Co will look at selling spare satellite capacity commercially.
"Spare capacity is a term to be careful with. It might be spare now, but will change in the future," Mr Morrow warned. NBN Co currently has about 40,000 people using an interim satellite service and has just started moving customers onto Sky Muster. Both satellites will have more than enough capacity to service a few hundred thousand households. Chief customer officer John Simon said the satellites will have 'idle' capacity, not 'spare'. "Our broadband service tends to work for the homes at peak busy hour, which we know is the evening. But during the day there are many beams... that are not being used. So what we are looking to do is to make sure we get the most effective use of that satellite by creating opportunities for commercial organisations to be able to use that service to generate a better return," he said on Tuesday.
Antarctic base in Australian Antarctic Territory, Australia
The Casey Station, commonly called Casey, is one of three permanent bases and research outposts in Antarctica managed by the Australian Antarctic Division (AAD). Casey lies on the northern side of the Bailey Peninsula overlooking Vincennes Bay on the Budd Coast of Wilkes Land in the Australian Antarctic Territory, a territory claimed by Australia. Casey is 3,880 kilometres (2,410 mi) due south of Perth, Western Australia.
Casey was named in honour of Richard, Baron Casey.[2][3]
History [ edit ]
Casey is close to the now-abandoned Wilkes Station, established by the United States of America to support science and exploration of Antarctica during the International Geophysical Year (IGY) in 1957–1958.
Australia took over Wilkes after the IGY, but the American buildings were already unusable due to the build-up of ice around them. Australia built the first Casey Base, originally as 'Repstat', referring to 'replacement station',[4] on the opposite south side of the Newcomb Bay in 1964, with works completed in February 1969.[2] This set of buildings was a unique attempt to prevent the problem of ice build-up by elevating the buildings on stilts, to encourage the wind to blow beneath as well as above, and connecting the entire line of buildings with a corrugated iron tunnel.[2] This would, it was hoped, clear the buildup of snow each year, while allowing personnel to move between buildings without having to brave the elements.[4] It worked for some time until corrosion occurred.[2]
The current Casey Station headquarters (the "Red Shed") was built in the late 1980s as part of the Australian Government's Antarctic Re-building Program. It was prefabricated in Hobart, Tasmania, by Hobart construction firm, Contas Pty Ltd, trial-erected on the wharf at Hobart, then dismantled, packaged and shipped to Antarctica. Erected at Casey by tradespeople employed as workers on the normal summer expedition crews, it incorporates innovative design features to prevent the transfer of heat through the structure. The "Shed" is conspicuously located near the top of the hill on which the old radio masts stood. It is probably the largest single structure on Antarctica and was first occupied in 1988. The station has two other sheds, the green shed for storing food and the yellow shed for brewing. Homebrew beer is served at the station's bar, "Splinters".[5]
Current research [ edit ]
Since 2008, scientists based at Casey have contributed to research into study of the Law Dome, the bedrock geology and structure of the East Antarctic ice sheet and its glaciological processes. In more recent years, Casey has served as a base for marine biologists to examine changes to polar seafloor communities exposed to different carbon dioxide concentrations. Adélie penguin research is conducted at Casey. Scientists are also studying the influence of climate change and human impact on extensive and well developed moss beds that grow at and near Casey.[6]
Infrastructure [ edit ]
Airstrips [ edit ]
Casey is significant as a transport hub for the Australian Antarctic program, with the introduction of intercontinental jet flights for scientists and operational staff from Hobart to the Wilkins ice runway, 65 kilometres (40 mi) inland from Casey station. The inaugural landing of the AAD's Airbus A319 aircraft was on the evening of 9 December 2007.
The smaller Casey Station Skiway ( ) is located 10 kilometres (6.2 mi) east of the station, and opened on 30 December 2004.
In March 2009, the Australian ABC Foreign Correspondent international affairs television program featured air operations at Casey Station as part of a report titled Antarctica - What Lies Beneath.[7]
Access methods [ edit ]
Access to Casey is possible via a four-hour flight from Hobart, Tasmania, followed by a four-hour ride in an over-snow bus.[8]
Road [ edit ]
The old and new stations are connected by a 1.5-kilometre-long (0.93 mi) road.[5][9] The road is excavated by a bulldozer/excavator set at the end of every winter, providing a means to get supplies from the wharf to the new station, leaving ice walls 8 metres (26 ft) tall in places.[10]
Earth Stations [ edit ]
Casey has a dome-covered satellite tracking antenna. The antenna was upgraded in March 2016[11] to communicate with a Himawari-8 satellite, allowing the station to monitor and track weather related information.[12] There is also an ANARESAT satellite for communication.[13]
Climate [ edit ]
Casey Station experiences a polar climate:
Climate data for Casey Station Month Jan Feb Mar Apr May Jun Jul Aug Sep Oct Nov Dec Year Record high °C (°F) 9.2
(48.6) 6.6
(43.9) 3.6
(38.5) 3.0
(37.4) 4.5
(40.1) 4.2
(39.6) 2.4
(36.3) 5.0
(41.0) 3.9
(39.0) 1.1
(34.0) 4.9
(40.8) 8.0
(46.4) 9.2
(48.6) Average high °C (°F) 2.2
(36.0) −0.1
(31.8) −4.1
(24.6) −7.5
(18.5) −11.1
(12.0) −10.4
(13.3) −10.2
(13.6) −10.2
(13.6) −9.7
(14.5) −8.0
(17.6) −2.5
(27.5) 1.4
(34.5) −5.9
(21.4) Average low °C (°F) −2.6
(27.3) −5.0
(23.0) −9.8
(14.4) −14.6
(5.7) −18.5
(−1.3) −18.3
(−0.9) −18.4
(−1.1) −18
(0) −17.1
(1.2) −15.1
(4.8) −9.0
(15.8) −3.7
(25.3) −12.5
(9.5) Record low °C (°F) −10.3
(13.5) −18.0
(−0.4) −22.3
(−8.1) −31.3
(−24.3) −34.4
(−29.9) −34.1
(−29.4) −33.3
(−27.9) −37.5
(−35.5) −31.2
(−24.2) −31.2
(−24.2) −23.4
(−10.1) −13.0
(8.6) −37.5
(−35.5) Average precipitation mm (inches) 9.3
(0.37) 15.2
(0.60) 18.0
(0.71) 20.6
(0.81) 25.6
(1.01) 27.5
(1.08) 28.5
(1.12) 21.0
(0.83) 17.3
(0.68) 16.5
(0.65) 12.7
(0.50) 12.9
(0.51) 222.5
(8.76) Average precipitation days (≥ 0.2 mm) 6.6 7.5 8.9 9.3 9.7 11.2 10.3 8.5 8.6 8.1 5.9 5.9 100.5 Mean monthly sunshine hours 161.2 135.6 99.2 60.0 21.7 3.0 12.4 43.4 87.0 139.5 213.0 182.9 1,158.9 Source: Bureau of Meteorology [14]
See also [ edit ]
References [ edit ]
Dominican Republic Bans Miley Cyrus for Promoting Lesbian Sex
Miley Cyrus is twerking hard for the money, but the Dominican Republic government isn't having it.
The Dominican Republic government commission overseeing public performances came in like a wrecking ball and canceled the Miley Cyrus concert scheduled to take place September 13 in the country's capital, Santo Domingo, on the grounds that the singer promotes immoral acts including lesbian sex, reports Blabbeando.
In a statement released Thursday, the commission said the concert was to be called off because it would “offend the morals, good customs and relationship between friendly countries” because of “Cyrus' common engagement in acts during her concerts that defy morals and customs in ways usually penalized by Dominican law.”
The commission also claims Cyrus “uses inadequate attire, corrupts language, uses perverse imagery and phrasing, uses phrases with double meanings, glorifies crime, violence and denigrating acts against civility and promotes sex, lesbian sex and the use of inadequate [sic] objects in public.”
Though homosexuality isn't illegal in the Dominican Republic, there has been an increase in antigay sentiment from religious leaders in the island nation since the appointment of a gay U.S. ambassador.
This isn't the first time the commission has cracked down on musicians it deemed vulgar. Several songs have been banned from radio over similar objections in the past.
Neither organizers of the concert in the Dominican Republic or a representative for Cyrus have commented on the cancellation.
Germany's largest bank has predicted British stocks will be the best performing in the continent and top UK firms will outperform EU rivals by as much as 5 per cent after a Brexit.
The forecast, from Germany's Deutsche Bank, comes on the same day that the British Chancellor of the Exchequer George Osborne threatened tax hikes by reaffirming his catastrophic forecast for the economy, based on claims from the Institute for Fiscal Studies (IFS) – a Europhile think-tank funded by the EU and the British government.
The IFS claims to be “politically independent”, yet receives 50 per cent of its money from the UK government and 10 per cent from the European Research Council (ERC) – financed by the EU and established by the European Commission.
The BBC, meanwhile, has not yet reported the news from Deutsche Bank. Furthermore, last night BBC News cited the IFS to dismiss claims Brexit would make more money available for public services, and introduced their spokesman as “many economists”.
Some information from the Institute of Fiscal Studies on #Brexit pic.twitter.com/tRioxd4kR6 — East Kilbride SNP (@EK_SNP) June 14, 2016
While Europe's fourth biggest bank and the world's largest foreign exchange dealer might seem like a more reliable source than the IFS, many online took to Twitter to mock the bank's claims (which featured on the front page of The Sun this morning) by highlighting yesterday's volatility in the market.
the sun is outright lying on its front page today — only listens to 2000s lad rock (@mrreptoid) June 15, 2016
This can't be true. The front page of The Sun denies it. https://t.co/xI2bEUfDON — Chris Addison (@mrchrisaddison) June 14, 2016
The Sun front page reads 'Brexit rocket boost for shares'. Not sure how they're getting that from yesterday's FTSE bloodbath. — Rob Davies (@ByRobDavies) June 15, 2016
Deutsche Bank's predictions are based on the assumption that the value of sterling will continue to decline after falling by eight per cent since its November peak, making British goods cheaper abroad and driving exports.
A note from the bank stated that the UK stock market “tends to outperform during periods of GBP (pound) weakness” and claims the pound could fall by another five per cent by the end of the year.
Deutsche Bank concludes: “In the case of a Leave vote in the UK referendum (a scenario to which bookmakers' odds attribute a 30 per cent probability), we expect UK equities to outperform the European market, given GBP downside in such a scenario as well as the market's defensive sector structure.”
When UKIP leader Nigel Farage dismissed warnings about sterling falling after a Brexit by saying “So what?” over the weekend he was similarly mocked. There appears, however, to be sound reasoning behind his stance.
If there's a microcosm for what liberals in Brussels fear most about Hungary's future, it's Asotthalom.
A small village near the country's border with Serbia, it has a population of just 4,200 but has managed to make headlines across the world.
It was in November that its mayor, László Toroczkai, passed decrees prohibiting Muslims from wearing any Islamic garb in public and banning the opening of any mosque in the village.
In keeping with his right-wing nationalist Jobbik party's idea of "preserving Hungarian traditions", he went on to mimic Russian-style legislation by outlawing the "propagation of gay marriage" and public displays of affection among same-sex couples.
"No Muslims and no gays" effectively became the policy – punishable by fine – of a town in the heart of the European Union.
Were it not for the parallel actions of Hungary's radical right-wing government, Asotthalom would be dismissed as a blip on the continent.
But since Prime Minsiter Viktor Orbán's Fidesz party was elected to power with a two-thirds majority in 2010, it has been on a mission to kickstart what it calls an "illiberal" revolution to save Hungary from the EU - and even Europe from itself.
Inspired by the supposed successes of fellow illiberal states like Russia, Turkey, China, and Singapore, it's a mission that took centre stage during the height of the migrant crisis in 2015 when thousands of people fleeing conflict and poverty crossed Hungary's border into the EU.
In a speech rallying against the "crime and terror" he said migrants brought to Europe, Orbán ignored Brussels' open door policy and erected fences, proposed migrant camps and promoted the country's own volunteer border patrol militia.
"Today Europe is as fragile, weak and sickly as a flower being eaten away by a hidden worm ... the masses arriving from other civilisations endanger our way of life, our culture, our customs and our Christian traditions," he told a crowd of supporters.
Given the slowness of other EU leaders to react to the crisis – and their subsequent but now withdrawn open-arms policy – Fidesz supporters believe Orbán has been vindicated by his border protection policy.
But the Hungarian leader has gone beyond anti-mass migration in his blueprint for a new kind of nativist, populist and Christian Hungary, one that puts nationalist goals ahead of the cosmopolitan agenda of raising individual liberty.
Orbán, a former liberal who gained prominence nationally with his fight to rid Hungary of Soviet troops while in his mid-20s, has been accused of using his time in power to dictatorially remove the checks and balances of democracy.
Since being elected seven years ago, he has passed a swathe of laws centralising control over the media, education and civil society, while also installing allies in key positions in the courts.
People shun mainstream society to live off the grid
Updated
As power prices rise and alternative-energy technologies progress, a growing number of people are opting to disconnect and live off the grid.
Retired scientist and businessman Doone Wyborn and his wife Carol are two of those people.
They bought an 800-acre parcel of land in rural northern New South Wales almost 10 years ago and plan to turn it into a self-sufficient rural cooperative community.
Their house is already electricity independent using a 3.45-kilowatt array of solar panels, and enough water for the proposed village comes from a nearby mountain spring.
They are the only couple living on the land so far, but their vision is for 21 plots of land to make up an independent eco-village.
If people choose to live in the village they will need to build their own self-sufficient house on their allotted block of land.
"If there is something we haven't got on the property, I want us to either produce it ourselves, find an alternative or go without," Mr Wyborn said.
Mr Wyborn is an expert in the science and business of alternative energy, having completed a PhD in geothermal energy and helped set up a pioneering geothermal company.
The solar panel array on his property produces 25 per cent more electricity because it tracks the sun's movement through the sky.
In time the Wyborns would like to see their rural cooperative running a variety of crops and produce, but at this stage production is very much for personal consumption.
Around 200 acres of the property is semi-cleared and suitable for cropping and grazing, while another 600 acres is made up of eucalypt forest and rainforest.
Mr Wyborn says nine plots of land have been reserved so far and there has been interest from other people who would like to live off the grid.
Topics: alternative-energy, electricity-energy-and-utilities, kyogle-2474
First posted
Joe Muggs was 17 and living in small middle England market town Wantage when word of mouth reached him about a frantic new track from then rising electronic artist Aphex Twin. After eventually tracking down a copy, nothing was the same. He explains how the pre-internet age fed the Richard D. James mystery machine, and why he never looked back after his first rush of AFX chaos.
When I first realized how ‘Didgeridoo' was meant to sound, I was relieved, because I'd been playing my copy at 45rpm until then. I'd read about this “ultimate mental tune” that Aphex Twin used to use to clear the floor at the end of raves, so naturally I assumed that it was really mental. There was no way of knowing at the time how something was meant to sound, after all. Out in the sticks, we might be able to get a crackly signal from Kiss FM in London if we stuck an aerial out of an upstairs window, but bar Coldcut, who never told you what they were playing anyway, the chances of them playing Aphex Twin were pretty slim. Or there was John Peel. That was it.
Without wanting to be all “in my day we had to make do with a hoop, a stick and a lump of mud”, things like YouTube, SoundCloud, Shazam, even blogs and forums, were literally science fiction. There was no information bar NME, Melody Maker, Mixmag and Peel. If the staff of your local record shop didn't know what speed something was played at – and in this particular case, all they had to say is “I got one of them weirdo tunes for you” – how were you supposed to know?
“The inhumanity was magic”
Anyway. I worked it out eventually, and was very glad I did because playing not only ‘Didgeridoo' but the other EP tracks at 45 was frankly doing my head in. And the music was quite weird enough at the normal speed. We'd been seduced in by the still-unbelievable bliss of Analogue Bubblebath 1 the year before, but then he turned on us: Didgeridoo EP, Xylem Tube EP, two EPs as Caustic Window, and most terrifying of all his remix of Mescalinum United's ‘We Have Arrived' (which scared the living bejeezus out of me one night lying listening to Peel in the dark) all came thick and fast through the year. And though there were blissful moments – the heads-down sweating sound of ‘Didgeridoo' itself, and the above-the-clouds rocket flight arpeggios of Xylem Tube lead track ‘Isoprophlex' – it was all more or less harsh and inhuman stuff.
And that inhumanity was the magic. This was the first time I'd ever heard music that sounded really like nothing else on earth. I knew electronic music that was weird (Coil), brutally noisy (Skinny Puppy, Meat Beat Manifesto), and full of preposterous body-trip intensity (untold rave and techno tunes). However, these Aphex tracks not only combined all of the above, but untethered them from any point of reference or representation.
“The drums didn't sound like drums, the synths didn't sound like synths”
It was as ragged and jagged as any industrial music but funkier, more organic, less clunkingly obvious in its mechanicalness. The drums didn't sound like drums, the synths didn't sound like synths, it all sounded like unimagined natural processes. It was as synaesthesic and glossolallic as his ambient tracks, but almost all the balmy pleasure was replaced with infernal power.
The closest precursor was the perfect abstraction of Phuture, but otherworldly though it was, you could understand its regularity. With Aphex, there was still four-to-the-floor pounding, yes, but also electrofunk and even more offbeat syncopations that were only really being equalled in the very few corners of hardcore that, it would turn out, were gestating jungle.
“Its samples of Julie Andrews and tampon adverts were a lot more interesting than A-levels”
Always, everywhere, surfaces slurped and munged into one another, scale was confusing, textures were fractal, there were melodies that you couldn't be sure were real: it felt like it was emerging not from some guy just out of his teens' bedroom, but from some fathomless pit full of old gods and new cyborg entities caught in flagrante. All this and samples of Julie Andrews and tampon adverts. It was a lot more interesting than A-levels.
Of course, Aphex would keep up the prolificness, and would broaden, elaborate and finesse his techniques, giving us untold acid pounders, funky quirk, melodic joy and all the fidgety elaborations that would end up spawning IDM. And it would be good. But there's a certain sense in which nothing can supplant your formative experiences, and for me and my friends lying wasted in the dark, or pounding around country lanes in transit vans and mates' mum's Peugeot 205s looking for a party or just somewhere to hang out, or wandering around with our third generation tapes spooling in Walkmans, that first rush of caustic, raucous, fucked-up Aphex noise taught us head-wrecking lessons about sound and what it could do that we'd never shake off.
Joe Muggs is on Twitter
Read next: The 50 greatest Aphex Twin tracks so far
Toronto Mayor John Tory says he's not saying no to an Olympic bid forever, but it won't happen in 2024.
Tory — as expected — announced Tuesday morning that Toronto will not submit a bid to host the 2024 Summer Olympics. But there's no reason Canada's largest city can't explore making a future bid when the timing makes more sense, he added.
"I believe that one day Toronto will be a great venue for the Olympic Games, but not in 2024," said Tory at a news conference held at Nathan Phillips Square outside city hall. "Time was against us in building the kind of support you have to have from the community in order for this to work.
"I am not saying no to the Olympics. I am saying not this time."
The timing Tory referred to was caused in part by a sudden, and somewhat unexpected, groundswell of support for an Olympic bid that grew during Toronto's successful hosting of this summer's Pan Am and Parapan Am Games.
Those games wrapped in mid-August, leaving little time to muster support and answer all the questions about funding and infrastructure in time for today's deadline to submit a letter announcing Toronto's intention to bid.
Tory also admitted that assembling support from senior governments was complicated with the country in the midst of a federal election.
"We were quite a bit behind," said Tory. "No one was rushing forward with their chequebooks"
Tory said he will create a panel to advise Toronto on bidding for future major events, including another summer or winter Olympics, the FIFA World Cup or a world expo.
Tory said he consulted widely before making his decision to not submit a bid and said the Pan Am success proves Toronto can host other major events.
Marcel Aubut, president of Canadian Olympic Committee, said he accepts Tory's decision.
"We remain optimistic Toronto could and should host the Olympic Games in the future," he said in a statement issued moments after Tory's news conference.
The IOC was supportive of Tory's decision.
"We realize that time was too short for such a detailed project to get the necessary support in just a few weeks following the successful Pan Am Games," IOC spokesman Mark Adams said. "The International Olympic Committee highly appreciates what Toronto has done as it continues to work on a future candidacy."
Some bid supporters were hoping a winning bid could help Toronto access funding to address the city's significant infrastructure and transit needs.
Tory, however, said the Games shouldn't be used as a tool to loosen funding for things the city needs.
"We have to invest in making sure this city works for everyone," he said. "Making that investment happen shouldn't be contingent on a vote of the International Olympic Committee. It should happen because it is the right thing to do."
Mayor made 'the right call'
Left-leaning Coun. Gord Perks said Tory made the right decision, given the city's current struggles to raise money for transit, housing and infrastructure improvements, which he says are needed now.
"The mayor made the right call," Perks told CBC News. "The city has some pretty big challenges right now. Our first duty is to meet those problems, not put on a spectacle for somebody else."
Coun. Gary Crawford, the mayor's budget chair, said he'd love to see Toronto host an Olympics someday but said holding off for now is a "prudent decision" given the uncertainties, particularly around cost.
"We're not ready yet," said Crawford. "And the timeline didn't allow for [Tory] to gather the right kind of information. The partnerships, the funding, the numbers need to be critical. The IOC wants to see a city that really wants it and it wasn't there at this time."
Toronto unsuccessfully bid for the 1996 and 2008 Summer Olympics, and Tory has said he didn't want to lead a third failed attempt.​
Among cities in line to try to host the 2024 Games are:
Los Angeles.
Paris.
Rome.
Budapest.
Hamburg.
The winner will be selected in 2017.
A municipal study previously estimated bidding alone would have cost between $50 million and $60 million, and hosting the Games would cost between $3.3 billion and $7 billion.
You can follow the latest developments in our Scribble blog, posted below. Mobile users, follow the live blog here.
The Washington Post, which has cheered on Democrat Hillary Rodham Clinton's presidential campaign, is now warning Americans to stay clear of her new campaign book, "Stronger Together."
"You don't need to wade through this book. None one does. No one should. The only people I imagine reading it are future fact-checkers, masochistic book critics and the most strung out political junkies," wrote the paper's nonfiction book critic, Carlos Lozada, in a Sunday review.
And it gets worse for the book, co-written by Clinton's running mate, Virginia Sen. Tim Kaine.
"'Stronger Together' is an embarrassment: sloppy, repetitive, dutiful and boring. This is a book that, 237 pages in, actually thanks readers for making it that far," Lozada wrote in long slam headlined, "Hillary Clinton and Tim Kaine have written a deplorable campaign book."
Apparently, readers agree. The book does not rank on the Post's top 10 list, and is No. 851 on Amazon, which has already slashed the price 39 percent.
Summed up, the review said there is nothing new in the book, that it amounts to a cut-and-paste job of campaign platforms, and so repetitive that two pages after Clinton and Kaine write, "No one should face meager Social Security checks because they took on the vital role of caregiver," they pen, "none one should face meager Social Security checks because they took on the vital role of caregiver."
Remarkably, said the reviewer, all of the proposed Clinton programs pay for themselves. "Wishful thinking" is a trait in the writing, he added.
The review concluded:
"So it's telling that 'Stronger Together' came out the same week that the Democratic nominee dismissed half of Trump's supporters as 'deplorables' and argued that the other half are the only ones worth heeding. And Democrats are rallying to the concept. Togetherness makes for a nice slogan, but division makes for a stronger campaign."
Paul Bedard, the Washington Examiner's "Washington Secrets" columnist, can be contacted at pbedard@washingtonexaminer.com
Thousands of former enrollees at Trump University are one step closer to getting back at least some of their money.
More than 3,700 of them have filed claims as part of last year's $25 million settlement agreed to by President Donald Trump, according to an attorney for the plaintiffs in the case. About 7,000 former students were eligible to submit claims, but the deadline to file was March 6.
If the court approves the settlement, former students are projected to receive back about 80% of the money they spent on live seminars or mentorships from the now-defunct, real estate education program, says Rachel Jensen, the class counsel for students nationwide.
The settlement brings the possible closure of three lawsuits that claimed Trump University defrauded students and threatened to drag Trump into court early into his presidency.
A court hearing will be held on March 30 to decide whether to approve the settlement, though one risk is a late challenge from a former student. Sherri B. Simpson of Ft. Lauderdale, Florida filed an objection to the settlement with U.S. District Judge Gonzalo Curiel in San Diego, where the cases have been consolidated.
Simpson, who says she spent about $20,000 on Trump University courses in 2010, told CNN she wants more from the President than just a portion of her money back.
"What he did to me and what he did to everybody else was really fraudulent and I'd really like to take him to trial. I'd like to hold him accountable," Simpson said.
Simpson said in addition to a refund and three times the amount she spent on the programs, she also wants an apology from President Trump.
John F. Banzhaf III, a law professor at George Washington University, said Simpson's objection could delay or even derail the settlement, because if the judge rules in her favor, the settlement would have to be adjusted to allow additional students to opt-out. If the judge rejects her argument, she could appeal.
"What she is doing could torpedo the settlement. If the court grants her request, it means she would be free to sue Donald Trump on her own," Banzhaf said.
Trump University is the defunct, for-profit real estate seminar business Trump launched in 2005. It promised to teach students investing techniques they could use to get rich in real estate -- just like Trump.
Some students ended up paying tens of thousands of dollars. While the initial Trump University seminar was free, teachers would then upsell them for another program. A "one-year apprenticeship," which was effectively a three-day seminar along with the phone number for a "client advisor," cost $1,495, according to court documents. A "mentorship" cost at least $10,000 and the most expensive, the "Gold Elite" program, cost $35,000.
Trump University effectively closed in 2010, the same year the New York Department of Education directed the program to stop operating without a license.
Was it a fraud? In advertisements, Trump said he "hand-picked" the instructors himself, but during a deposition, Trump did not remember a single instructor when a list of names was read. Lawsuits also argued the program was marketed as a university when it was not licensed.
The first of the three lawsuits was filed in 2010. Ultimately, there were two class action suits and a suit from the New York Attorney General Eric Schneiderman.
Donald Trump agreed to settle on November 18, just 10 days after his victory. It saved the president from having to testify in a trial in San Diego.
The settlement is a complete turnaround from Trump's earlier position on the lawsuits. "This is a case I could have settled very easily, but I don't settle cases very easily when I'm right," he said in March 2016 at a Republican presidential debate.
"We are pleased to announce the complete resolution of all litigation involving Trump University," a Trump Organization spokesperson said at the time of the settlement.
"While we have no doubt that Trump University would have prevailed at trial based on the merits of this case, resolution of these matters allows President-Elect Trump to devote his full attention to the important issues facing our great nation."
Trump has remained defiant about the settlement, even suggesting in a Tweet in June he may re-open his shuttered school in the future. When the settlement was reached, then President-elect Trump tweeted: "I settled the Trump University lawsuit for a small fraction of the potential award because as President I have to focus on our country."
Felicisimo Limon, one of the former students who submitted a claim, told CNN he lost about $30,000 on real estate courses he called, "all lies."
Limon, a retired Navy veteran, and his wife attended a free seminar near San Francisco in 2008. He says Trump University representatives convinced him to pay thousands of dollars for seminars he later realized did not include any advanced real estate techniques.
"I am really happy there is a settlement. I was not looking forward to a court fight with Donald Trump," Limon told CNN on Monday.
Limon says he submitted a claim for $29,000 of more than $30,000 he believes he is owed.
He says the Better Business Bureau of Metropolitan New York, which is administrating the settlement, asked him for receipts of his payments. And after several years Limon says some of his receipts are missing.
He isn't sure of what the final amount of his settlement will be but joked that he deserves more than he put in.
"I think they had my money for so long, they should give me interest on top of it," he said.
Bob Guillo, another former student profiled by CNN, said he's out $35,000 and that he deserves all his money back. Though he thinks the settlement is unfair, the 77-year old retiree doesn't want to go through a drawn out lawsuit.
The $25 million settlement will be divided with about $21 million going to students covered in two California class-action suits and $4 million going to additional students covered by the suit filed by New York Attorney General Eric Schneiderman.
The attorneys involved waived all fees.
Pictured: How water cannons can BLIND protesters as Britain considers new measures against demonstrators
Home Secretary and Met divided on using cannons during student protests
Police 'snatch squads' will also be used to arrest violent demonstrators
Thousands of students expected to demonstrate again today
A protester who was blinded by a water cannon demonstrates the horrific consequences of using high pressure hoses to control crowds.
German pensioner Dietrich Wagner, 66, was rendered unconscious and his eyes were severely damaged when he took the full force of the blast during an environmental protest in Stuttgart.
It comes as Scotland Yard insists it would be 'foolish' not to consider using cannons in Britain in the wake of last week's chaotic student fees protests.
Devastating: Dietrich Wagner was blinded after he took the full force of a water cannon during an environmental protest. We have pixelated his eyes because the injuries are so horrific
Thousands of students are again expected to descend on London today for a fresh demonstration against the cost of attending university.
Mr Wagner, a retired engineer, was injured during the Stuttgart protest in September as he tried to help others who were caught in the powerful jet of water.
At least 116 people were injured when police turned water cannons, pepper spray and batons on the crowd, who were protesting against the cutting down of trees to make way for a rail extension.
Mr Wagner said he had raised his arms and waved at police to indicate to them they should stop. But he was hit directly in the face with such force that he lost consciousness.
His eyelids were torn, the lenses of his eyes were damaged and part of his orbital bone – which encases the eye – was fractured.
'It felt like the punch of a giant boxer,' Mr Wagner told German magazine Stern.
Dangerous: Policemen use water cannons to remove environmental protesters from a park in Stuttgart, during the demonstration in which Mr Wagner was injured
Although water cannons have previously been used on the streets of Northern Ireland, Home Secretary Theresa May last night appeared to rule out their use on the British mainland.
Scotland Yard, however, appears to disagree.
Commander Bob Broadhurst, of the Metropolitan Police, said: ‘There are no current plans to use water cannon on the streets of the capital but we would be foolish if we did not take time to look at tactics such as this to see if it might be appropriate in the future.
HIGH COURT 'KETTLING' CASE
The police tactic of 'kettling' to confine protesters during public demonstrations is to be challenged at the High Court.
Leading the challenge is Bethany Shiner, 23, daughter of high-profile human rights lawyer Paul Shiner. She was was kettled in Trafalgar Sqaure during tuition fee protests last week.
Miss Shiner said: 'I was with a group of young people who behaved at all times perfectly properly and lawfully.
'We then found ourselves kettled in sub-zero temperatures. I managed to get out only because I went to the rescue of a young man who had a head wound after being hit with a police baton.
'It is outrageous that the police should resort to such tactics against all protesters, most of whom were acting peacefully.'
Her father has written to the Commissioner of the Met Police warning they will argue in court that the police are using kettling in a way that involves multiple breaches of the European Convention on Human Rights.
These include a breach of Article 5 - the right not to be unlawfully detained; Article 10 - the right to freedom of expression; and Article 11 - the right to freedom of assembly.
Their treatment was 'a matter of serious concern', he said.
At the heart of the challenge are allegations that, on Thursday, the police knew in advance all about the protest.
‘I would emphasise we will not rush in to anything and we are not in the business of knee jerk reactions. Anything we do will be carefully and fully considered ensuring the best outcome for protesters, officers and all Londoners.'
Scotland Yard also said last night that it would alter its tactics and use 60 stop and search powers 'to prevent troublemakers hijacking peaceful protests'.
On Sunday, Mrs May appeared to signal she was open to water cannon appearing on mainland streets for the first time – to combat the kind of violent protests seen during last week.
However, in Parliament yesterday Mrs May said that water cannon did not fit within British traditions of policing.
She told the Commons: ‘I don't think anybody wants to see water cannon used on the streets of Britain because we have... a different attitude to the culture of policing here in the UK. We police by consent and it depends on that trust between the police and the public.
‘As I speak water cannon has yet to be approved as a piece of equipment that can be used by the police,' she said, adding that in England and Wales it was 'a matter for the Home Office to determine whether it is legal to use such measures'.
But she was contradicted by the Association of Chief Police Officers, which pointed out that all that was needed to use water cannons was the approval of an assistant chief constable or a commander.
In further confusion, Commander Broadhurst's boss, Met Commissioner Sir Paul Stephenson, reportedly remained opposed, fearing hoses would be result in ‘Paramilitary' policing.
In her statement, Mrs May said the violence last week had been carried out not by a small minority but by ‘a significant number of troublemakers'.
She added: ‘Some students behaved disgracefully but the police also assess that the protests were infiltrated by organised groups of hardcore activists and street gangs bent on violence.
Disagreement: Theresa May, pictured in the Commons yesterday, appeared to rule out the use of water cannons in Britain but Commander Bob Broadhurst said they would be 'foolish' not to consider such tactics
Battle: Police and student protesters clash during last week's tuition fees demonstrations. 36 people were arrested during the fourth national protest over the issue
Chaotic: Riot police come under attack from flares during the London protests last week. Police said some protesters came armed with sticks, fireworks, stones and snooker balls
'The idea that some have advanced that police tactics were to blame, when some had come armed with sticks, flares, fireworks, stones and snooker balls, is as ridiculous as it is unfair.'
Police 'snatch squads' will also be used to arrest violent demonstrators.
The Territorial Support Group - the Met's public order containment officers - have been told they can pull offenders from the crowds and arrest them in the event of trouble.
CLOSE Motorists who use Del. 141 near New Castle can expect delays to increase as construction crews start full work on an I-95 ramp interchange project that will take years to complete. 3/9/16
Buy Photo Traffic flows slowly during rush hour on Del. 141 southbound near Interstate 95 Tuesday. (Photo: WILLIAM BRETZGER/THE NEWS JOURNAL)Buy Photo
Motorists who use Del. 141 near New Castle can expect delays to increase as construction crews start full work on an I-95 ramp interchange project that will take years to complete.
"I don't know what people are going to do to get around it," said Leslie Wright, who was stuck in construction traffic for about 30 minutes Monday. "I don't think they can."
Construction crews started preparing for the job last week by doing utility work, striping and getting ready to build barrier walls on southbound Del. 141 just after the off ramp from southbound I-95. But the intermittent lane closures needed for the work has already created some headaches this week.
"It's going to be a real inconvenience for a lot of people," said Wright, who avoided the backups Tuesday by taking another route. She said she feels sorry for people who need to use the road daily.
The construction is part of an $84 million overhaul of the ramps and bridges on the interchange, a major connector between New Castle and Newport. The work is expected to last until the end of 2019.
Plans call for contractors to rebuild three ramps connecting Del. 141 to I-95, as well as build a new and wider Del. 141 bridge that crosses I-95 North. Of particular concern are ramps from Del. 141 to I-95 North. Vehicles going onto the interstate from Del. 141 South have to yield to vehicles entering from Del. 141 North, creating a logjam and frequent rear-end collisions.
No I-95 closures are planned.
Full construction is scheduled to start in late April to early May, said Bud Freel, spokesman for the Delaware Department of Transportation.
That's when motorists can expect full-lane closures, he said. "That will come when they actually start doing the major work."
Buy Photo Crews have started preparations for construction work on Del. 141 near New Castle. Motorist can expect delays to increase as crews begin full work to work on I-95 ramp interchanges. (Photo: ESTEBAN PARRA/THE NEWS JOURNAL)
Contact Esteban Parra at (302) 324-2299, eparra@delawareonline.com or Twitter @eparra3.
Read or Share this story: http://delonline.us/1peqSNT
More than 100 headstones at a Jewish cemetery were vandalized in Philadelphia over the weekend, adding to a recent wave of anti-Semitic acts across the nation.
Police arrived at Mount Carmel Cemetery in the Wissinoming section of the city on Sunday morning to find someone saying three of their relatives' headstones were damaged, according to the Philadelphia police department.
The officers inspected and found dozens of additional headstones knocked over. Police said the incident occurred on Saturday night, and they are investigating the crime.
The incident comes after as many as 200 headstones were toppled earlier this month at a Jewish cemetery in Missouri. Bomb threats have also been made against Jewish community centers this month, according to the JCC Association of North America, an umbrella organization for local Jewish community centers around the U.S.
An expanded version of this report appears on WSJ.com.
Also popular on WSJ.com:
How Nasty Gal went from an $85 million company to bankruptcy.
Donald Trump to skip White House Correspondents' Association dinner.
Do you want to start journaling or begin a daily practice but don't know where to start?
Do you already have a daily practice, but looking for new ways to improve your process?
You're in luck!
No matter where you are on your journey, I promise you'll find some useful nuggets to propel you forward.
For the past 6-years, I've steadily evolved my journaling practice.
What started out as a to-do list (that's all I knew how to do and probably still holds true) has now grown into the most important part of my day.
Over time my process has evolved as I have “cherry-picked” from many people smarter and wiser than me.
I have acknowledged those individuals and resources at the bottom of this post.
More recently, I've discovered some great additions and modifications to my practice that were the inspiration for finally writing this post.
What I'm about to share with you has had a tremendous impact on my personal growth and has shifted the trajectory of my life.
What I hear most from people sharing is the challenge of getting started.
The process of starting something is often the biggest obstacle.
They may not know what to write, or they feel too much pressure to “get it right.”
You can call this journaling, diary, daily mindfulness, whatever, the name is unimportant, but what is important, much like life, is the process and journey of finding out what works for you.
What I most love about the structure below is that the prompts are written out, making it easy to pick it up wherever and whenever the time is right.
Do it for long enough, and it becomes second-nature, and I don't mean just the structure of the practice, but the actual practice itself is powerful and will likely manifest a rewiring of your thoughts, which brings me to this very important point…
There is only one rule.
It is essential you give yourself permission, the freedom, and the grace to not only leave lines blank when responses don't come to mind but you must also be easy on yourself when (not if) you miss a day, a week, a month, a year without writing an entry.
In this post, you'll receive my blank template that you can use for your practice. Immediately below there is a screenshot of the template alongside a recent entry to see a before and after comparison.
I'm going to take you through the process step by step to share why each particular section is valuable and to provide you insights into why it works for me and how it might also work for you.
Let's get started!
Left: blank template | Right: entry example
Gratitude — this sits atop my daily practice because I believe it to be the most important.
When you open yourself to experience the trait of gratitude, you discover with clarity and accuracy how much good there is in your life.
Additionally, science has proven that daily gratitude reduces bouts of depression.
Recently, I swapped out line #5 with a “bad thing.”
On this line, I write how I'm grateful for something that I would normally perceive as a bad thing and I force myself to consider a positive outcome and the value in things even when they don't go as planned or to my liking.
It can be tough at first, but training your brain to think in this way can give you access to light even in the darkest places.
Daily “high” and “low” — this practice is probably the most innocent as it exists to give perspective into the spectrum of your daily experience.
I've had two pretty big ahas! from this practice:
1) things are never as bad as they seem;
2) I leave the “low” blank quite often as I get present to how trivial a low point can be.
Things making me anxious — this is a rather new addition to my practice, and I love it because it surfaces the discomforts I'm consciously and unconsciously harboring.
Naming them has given me a sense of control over them and my situation.
Positive affirmations — writing positive affirmations will probably strike many of you as the most elusive practice.
They're challenging to get started, difficult to frame in the positive, and they're ever evolving based on where you are.
Forming positive affirmations is a great exercise to include a trusted loved one, a mentor, an advisor, a therapist, or pastor, as it requires you to understand your self-limiting thoughts so that you can reframe these fears in the positive.
The process of writing these affirmations has the incredible ability to rewire your brain.
The affirmations are already true, but you will begin to believe them and manifest them! If you need additional help, you can check out the following free audiobooks that have helped me tremendously.
Five influencers — there is this saying that “you are the average of the five people you spend the most time with” and whenever I share this insight with someone I'm always sure to add “so choose wisely!”
Recently, I learned from Naval Ravikant in Tim Ferriss's new book “Tools of Titans” that this is known as the “Five Chimps Theory” because zoologists can predict the behavior of any chimp by observing the five chimps they have spent time with the most.
One major paradigm shift in this process is to broaden the definition to include not just people you are talking to and spending time with, but authors you're reading and podcasts/audiobooks you're listening to.
For this reason, I've renamed this section “Five influencers” and it is so much more gratifying to know that through osmosis you can be like anyone you want.
If you want to live like Tim Ferriss, then consume all of the Tim Ferriss you can get your hands because doing so will surely impact your thoughts and behavior patterns!
Short-term goals — the goal list is pretty straight-forward, however it's important not to beat yourself up over not checking them off.
Drinking more water, exercising, and meditating make it onto almost every day's practice and yet most days I fail to do all three. The goal here is to be mindful of those things you're stretching towards and to let that be enough.
Business and blog ideas — they say that this practice will give you superpowers.
I believe it.
I first heard it through the lens of writing down business ideas, but I quickly realized I'm not smart enough to list new business ideas every day, so I expanded the list to include blog titles, and that has definitely given me superpowers, as
I've now written more blog posts in the past month then all of the past year! You can substitute my heading with domain of ideas relevant to your goals and aspirations.
Be creative!
Extras and Add-ons:
What would make today great? — this one is self-explanatory, but it puts a flag in the ground for feeling accomplished and joyful at the end of the day.
“Just note gone” — is a Buddhist reflection that notes the end of a sensory experience.
I'm still learning this practice myself, but the power of it seems transformative, especially so for someone like myself who has historically sensed life as an accumulation of baggage.
The goal is to get present to the temporary nature of life, in life. You can read more about this practice here.
Wishing happiness — take 15 seconds or 5 lines of paper to wish your enemy (that's a strong word), someone you're at battle with, or anyone really, to wish happiness upon them: “I wish for so-and-so to be happy. This person deserves happiness.” Again and again.
Stream-of-consciousness—just start writing about anything in your head and see where it takes you. You may find your mind taking you places with surprising results.
That's it! I hope you find this information valuable. If you have your own practices or insights, it would be excellent if you shared them in the comments below!
Original post on Medium.
In a New York City subway car, one gay man stood up for himself against a bigoted preacher and the train gave him a round of applause
This past weekend, in a New York City subway car, an obnoxious subway preacher went on a homophobic tirade.
Referring to gay people as an ‘abomination' and ‘sick', every person did what most people would do in the same situation, ignore the insane and/or bigoted guy and wait for him to go away.
But one passenger who identified himself as gay decided to start shouting back.
‘I'm a good man!' he said. ‘And I'm a gay man. And Jesus loves me. Jesus loves me!'
His fellow commuters could not help but give him a round of applause.
Check out the amazing video below:
Poor Cards. The Arizona Cardinals had a great season and it was largely overshadowed by the usual nonsense and the streamroller that is the Carolina Panthers. We finally got an answer to how good the Cardinals might have been last season had they not been forced to start human trash pile Ryan Lindley at quarterback due to injuries against the…huh I guess that's two years in a row they've been beaten by the Panthers, do I smell rivalry brewing? The answer is that they are very good.
I guess it also didn't help the Cards that they were methodical, efficient, and effective, which is somewhat dull if you aren't a Cards fan. There was a Cardinals fan in my comments a while ago angry that I haven't made any Cardinals comics but there just really wasn't a lot to go on when your team is simply good. There weren't any disasters to poke fun of. There wasn't any silly drama like all the Cam hullabaloo. Well this comic is for you, Angry Cardinals Fan.
I hope the Cardinals luck into a young QB to build around. You can't keep relying on old farts looking for redemption in their twilight years. Palmer has one, maybe two, if lucky 3-4 good years left.
Phil Anselmo is the lead singer of the now-defunct heavy metal thrash group Pantera, and he might or might not be a racist. That's depending on whether you believe his latest explanation for why he was giving the Nazi salute and yelling “white power” at a show last week to honor the memory of late Pantera guitarist Dimebag Darrell.
Here's the video taken from the end of the show, which also featured Dave Grohl, Metallica bassist Robert Trujillo, and former Slayer drummer Dave Lombardo.
So, yeah, that doesn't look good. But here was Anselmo's explanation. Commenting on the YouTube video under the handle Housecore Records, Anselmo writes, “Ok folks, I'll own this one, but dammit, I was joking, and the ‘inside joke of the night' was because we were drinking fucking white wine, hahaha… Of all fucking things. Some of y'all need to thicken up your skin. There are plenty of fuckers to pick on with a more realistic agenda. I fucking love everyone, I fucking loathe everyone, and that's that. No apologies from me. PHA '16 “
This isn't the first time Anselmo, who's currently the singer of the group Down, has been accused of racism.
(Sorry, this embed was not found.)
More from Metal Hammer:
In March 1995, during a Pantera show in Montreal, the then 26-year-old Anselmo told the crowd that while “Pantera are not a racist band” and that he and his bandmates had friends “of all colors and all kinds,” he had a problem with rap artists “pissing all over white culture.” Furthermore, Anselmo continued, pleas from the African-American community to end ‘Black on Black crime' should be interpreted as “it's okay to kill white people.” white people, the singer insisted, needed to take more pride in who they are. “Tonight,” Anselmo concluded, “is a white thing.” The singer later apologized for his rant, and the “harmful words that may have racially offended our audience,” but the controversy dogged him for years. In recent years, in his more reflective moments, Anselmo—a thoughtful man, for all his bullish, anti-intellectual John Doe bravado—was not slow to acknowledge the power of symbolism and speech to propagate hatred and division.
But Anselmo's explanation isn't good enough for Machine Head's Robb Flynn, who posted his own video in response. Though he admits to throwing around the N-word in his past, Flynn eviscerates Anselmo.
Either way, here's hoping Anselmo doesn't make a spectacle of himself again and instead just focuses on selling the least heavy metal products he can possibly hawk.
H/T Classic Rock | Photo via MarkScottAustinTexas/Flickr (CC BY SA 2.0)
«Amici della minoranza io vi dico: non sarete mai i miei avversari!». E Matteo Renzi pare il Cristo pantocratore del Corcovado che spalanca amoroso le braccia a tutti. Tutti? Meno uno. Non lo nomina mai. Mai. Ma lo sanno con chi ce l'ha: Massimo D'Alema. Sul quale una, due, tre, quattro volte sgocciola veleni. Par di sentire nell'aria Lucio Battisti: «L'odio feroce, l'odio ruggente / fa male dentro e brucia la mente». Certo, si sapeva che i due non si piacciono. Troppo simili, in troppe cose. Tutti e due, per citare la vecchia battuta di Fulvia Bandoli, amano «il premier che non deve chiedere mai, quello che usa Arrogance». Sono anni che si beccano come in una mischia di galli. «Il pd renziano è un partito a forte componente personale e anche con un certo carico di arroganza», spiegò ad esempio un paio d'anni fa il Lìder Massimo. Al che l'altro rispose acido: «Ha utilizzato un lessico che non mi appartiene. Espressioni che stanno bene in bocca a una vecchia gloria del wrestling, più che a un ex primo ministro». C'è chi giura, com'è noto, che sia perché «Baffin di Ferro» aspirava al ruolo di «ministro degli esteri» dell'Unione Europea e si sia sentito tradito e offeso dalla scelta renziana di investire su Federica Mogherini il peso dei suoi voti dopo le trionfali Europee. Cosa che l'ex giovane pioniere comunista che per la grinta fece esclamare a Palmiro Togliatti «ma questo non è un bambino, è un nano!», nega risolutamente.
Siluri di parole Certo è che se ne sono dette di tutti i colori. Di qua il giovane e ambizioso Matteo: «D'Alema è arrabbiato con me perché vorrebbe che gli dicessi: “sì buana, sì buana”». «Lui vuole che io vada in Europa per, diciamo, fare un'esperienza internazionale. Così mi tolgono di torno. Mi dicono: “Vieni qui che ti diamo lo zuccherino... così poi potrai fare il premier”». «D'Alema se non ci fosse bisognerebbe inventarlo, tutte le volte che parla guadagno un punto nei sondaggi». Di là «Sarcasmo da Rotterdam» (geniale nomignolo inventato da Giuliano Ferrara) che rispondeva rasoiata su rasoiata: «Sarà anche bravo a battere sulla tastiera con tutte e dieci le dita, ma stiamo eleggendo un segretario, non un dattilografo». «Ho cercato di capire “quale genere di libri legge. Ma alla fine non l'ho scoperto. Però è un ragazzo brillante». «Renzi è un uomo che divide, che lacera. Sembra essere più interessato a combattere il suo mondo che non i suoi avversari…». «Per ordine dall'alto è iniziato un linciaggio di tipo staliniano. Oggi i trotzkisti da fucilare se il piano quinquennale falliva vengono chiamati gufi». «Io non ho mai insultato nessuno, ma sono oggetto di insulti da bravi che circondano Matteo Renzi». «Non è Giamburrasca, forse lo era prima, non lo è più. La sua è la posizione politica sostenuta dall'establishment». «Vuole fare il rivoluzionario ma tutta la nomenklatura è con lui. È come se avesse voluto prendere la Bastiglia andando con la regine, il re e le baronesse...» «Delle sue riforme non resterà neanche la puzza». Letale.
Prego si accomodi Fatto sta che, radunati ieri pomeriggio i membri della direzione del partito, Renzi distribuisce qua e là sorrisi e perfino battute distensive ed elegge Max come il Nemico Numero Uno. Simbolo del compagno che non gli interesserebbe trattenere affatto. Ha minacciato la scissione? Prego. Ed ecco l'accenno a chi «diceva che in sei mesi si sarebbe fatta una nuova riforma costituzionale. Ricordate? Ne sono già passati oltre due, di mesi, e non si è manco eletto il presidente della commissione affari costituzionali del Senato. Evidente: non possiamo contare su una proposta alternativa».
OTTAWA — Two speakers hired by the Senate to help motivate senators and staff in the midst of a raging scandal over the abuse of taxpayers' money have had their event cancelled pending further discussion.
Communications consultant Barry McLoughlin and motivational speaker Marc-Andre Morel had been slated to talk about “the enduring value of the Senate and help bring a little perspective to the current situation,” according to an invitation that went out Tuesday morning.
But after a story by The Canadian Press publicized the event, a number of prominent senators blew a gasket.
Marjory LeBreton, government leader in the Senate, said the idea was discussed in principle at a meeting of the internal economy committee's steering committee. But it was never approved by members of the committee.
“I was shocked when I saw that (email invitation),” LeBreton said outside the Senate chamber.
“I would strongly suggest that the administration cancel any plans they have for motivational speakers.”
Asked if she thinks hiring speakers is a waste of money, LeBreton responded: “At this point in time, I certainly do.”
Sure enough, late Tuesday afternoon all senate staff received a fresh, high-priority communication.
“The staff sessions scheduled for tomorrow have been cancelled until further notice, pending discussion with the full committee of Internal Economy,” said the email from Reina Bernier, the Senate's senior advisor on services and programs.
The talks had been scheduled for Wednesday at 2:30 p.m. (ET) — when the Senate is supposed to be sitting.
The subject line of the email invitation told recipients that “the Senate values you and the work you do — come find out why.”
It was not immediately clear how much the Senate contracted to pay for the speakers but it appears the decision was made by Senate clerk Gary O'Brien.
The Senate has been rocked for the past six months by a scandal involving four senators and their alleged abuse of living and travel expenses.
In the case of Sen. Mike Duffy, the scandal is now under investigation by the RCMP. Duffy accepted a $90,000 “gift” from Prime Minister Stephen Harper's chief of staff, Nigel Wright, which he used to reimburse his improper expense claims.
McLoughlin's biography bills him as “one of North America's leading communications consultants;” his company specializes in training politicians, governments and corporations in how to deal with the media.
Morel is touted as an internationally-renowned expert on “the themes of personal and professional success.”
Both Liberal and Conservative senators seemed dumbfounded that the pair had been hired to give discouraged Senate denizens a pep talk.
“It's an outrageous approach to a very serious issue which has taken place in the Senate of Canada,” said Liberal Sen. Jim Munson.
As a member of the internal economy committee, Munson was particularly furious that the committee had not been consulted on the matter.
“It's a comedy of errors what's going on here in the lack of consultation. We're talking taxpayers' money and this wouldn't come cheap.”
During the expenses scandal, it emerged that the Senate administration had rejected numerous expense claims from Duffy but had not alerted the internal economy committee to his noticeable pattern of invalid claims.
Conservative Sen. Gerald Comeau, who became chair of the internal economy committee last week, said he knew nothing about the hiring of speakers.
“I don't need a motivational speaker to tell me what I have to do here,” said Conservative Sen. Jacques Demers. “I just come here and try to do the best I can every day.”
James Cowan, the Liberals' Senate leader, confessed to being surprised — and not interested in attending the talks.
“I intend to be in there (the Senate chamber) tomorrow afternoon, not at some session for motivation.”
Still, Cowan acknowledged that the scandal has discouraged everyone who works in or for the Senate.
“When these kinds of controversies arise, then inevitably it tarnishes everybody's reputation, the good and the bad. So, it's not good but we'll get over it.”
Nearly two years of uncertainty over the future of the Phoenix Coyotes could be drawing to an end in the coming weeks.
Article continues below ...
The Coyotes team will either have a new owner in place by Dec. 31, ensuring the franchise remains in Phoenix, or could be sold to an owner that may move it to another city — perhaps even return it to Winnipeg.
The league, led by commissioner Gary Bettman, has tried for more than a year to attract potential buyers willing to keep the team in Phoenix. The move was necessary after the NHL secured interim ownership of the Coyotes in a settlement with former owner Jerry Moyes following a bankruptcy hearing that prevented its sale to Canadian billionaire Jim Balsillie, who intended to move the franchise to southern Ontario.
Chicago White Sox owner Jerry Reinsdorf and a group of businessmen called Ice Edge Holdings were believed at various times over the past year to be close to buying the team only to have the deals fall through.
By mid-September, Bettman's patience appeared to be nearing an end as he told a group of reporters the league might have to consider other alternatives if the sale of the team hadn't gone through by Dec. 31, but Bettman said the league would still try its best to keep the Coyotes in Phoenix.
“We have always fought hard to fix the problems,” he told reporters, “and I tend to think when there are off-ice issues, they tend to get more blown up.”
Still, it was widely believed, especially in the Canadian press, that a Canadian buyer — True North Sports and Entertainment — was reportedly willing to purchase the Coyotes and return the franchise to Winnipeg, where the club originated as the Jets from 1972 to 1979 in the old World Hockey Association and in the NHL from 1979 to 1996 when it was sold and moved to Phoenix.
But it now appears another bidder has emerged who is willing to keep the Coyotes in Arizona.
On Friday, it was reported Chicago businessman Matt Hulsizer, along with the league and the city of Glendale, had “verbally agreed” to a “conceptual deal” that would see Hulsizer become the Coyotes' new owner.
The deal, reportedly worth $165 million with a Nov. 30 closing date, would have to go before the NHL Board of Governors for approval.
Cynics are quick to point out the number of times over the past year previous “deals in principle” to purchase the Coyotes fell through, but this current one is the closest to an actual sale since its previous owner declared the club bankrupt last year. This comes as good news for Coyotes hockey fans and in the coming weeks could significantly bolster the club's ticket sales.
Despite setting franchise records last season for single season wins (50) and points (107) in returning to the playoffs for the first time since 2002, the Coyotes were at the bottom of the league in attendance in 2009-10, averaging a dismal 11,989 fans per game.
Much of that is attributed to years of mediocrity and mismanagement but was also tied to uncertainty over the team's future in Phoenix as fans were unwilling to invest money in watching a team, which was expected to be gone by the summer of 2010.
The on-ice success last season translated into a strong gate for their season-opener last week with over 17,000 in attendance, which bodes well for sales this season — dependent on the stability of the club's ownership as well as of its on-ice product.
One way or another, the future of the Coyotes appears close to a resolution.
Virginia Heffernan over at the New York Times has an essay today, Unnatural Science, which launches two strong attacks on science blogging: its naivete and its corruption.
She starts with the recent controvery over at ScienceBlogs, the so-called PepsiGate where the Seed organization gave Pepsi its own blog on par with all the other science blogs there. PepsiGate then led to the departure of many prominent science bloggers from ScienceBlogs. This is where Heffernan calls science bloggers naive, not used to being part of the media:
I was nonplussed by the high dudgeon of the so-called SciBlings. The bloggers evidently write often enough for ad-free academic journals that they still fume about adjacencies, advertorial and infomercials. Most writers for “legacy” media like newspapers, magazines and TV see brush fires over business-editorial crossings as an occupational hazard.
But the heart of Heffernan's critique is actually the way science bloggers behave – too much vindictiveness and bigotry, not enough science.
But the bloggers' eek-a-mouse posturing wasn't the most striking part of the affair. Instead, it was the weird vindictiveness of many of the most prominent blogs. The stilted and seething tone of some of the defection posts sent me into the ScienceBlogs archives, where I expected to find original insights into science… And while I found interesting stuff here and there, I also discovered that ScienceBlogs has become preoccupied with trivia, name-calling and saber rattling. Maybe that's why the ScienceBlogs ship started to sink… Hammering away at an ideology, substituting stridency for contemplation, pummeling its enemies in absentia: ScienceBlogs has become Fox News for the religion-baiting, peak-oil crowd.
She in particular highlights PZ Myers, one of the most popular science bloggers out there:
PZ Myers revels in sub-“South Park” blasphemy, presenting (in one recent stunt) his sketch of the Prophet Muhammad as a cow-pig hybrid excited about “raping a 9-year-old girl.”
And though science bloggers of all stripes are jumping to defend science blogging, and to insist that Heffernan has it wrong (posts at Neuron Culture, WordYard, NeuroDojo, The Thoughtful Animal, Deltoid, A Blog Around the Clock, Pharnygula, Mike the Mad Biologist), Knight Science Journalism Tracker, Brian Switek, and EvolutionBlog; It's Not a Lecture and Uncertain Principlies say some similar things to here), there is enough ring of truth in what she says.
As Bora has well-described in discussing ScienceBlogs, PepsiGate, and his departure from Seed, science bloggers are now part of the media. I recall very distinctly the thrill of building an audience, of realizing we had an audience beyond the classroom and a small group of colleagues. One way to take that is, yes, scholarship means something! Another is, I mean something! Popularity and arrogance can inflate our own commentary.
Heffernan's reaction to the content and style of ScienceBlogs came from an outsider's perspective. As she writes in a comment at Neuron Culture:
I have no training in science. My surprise at ScienceBlogs was akin to the surprise a scientist who might feel if he audited a PhD seminar on Wallace Stevens. Why aren't they talking about “Anecdote of the Jar”?! Why are they talking about how “misogyny intrinsic to the modernist project”? I saw political axe-grinding bring the humanities almost to a standstill in the 1990s. I thought science was supposed to be above that!
In one sense it's not at all surprising, science is as political as anything else. But her expectation, and her disappointment, is also part of the story:
With notable exceptions, blogging, as a form, seems to me to have calcified. Many bloggers who started strong 3-5 years ago have gotten stuck in grudge matches. This is even more evident on political blogs than on science blogs. In fact, after being surprised to find the same cycles of invective on ScienceBlogs that appear on political blogs (where they're well documented), I started to think the problem might be with the form itself.
Grudge matches and invective make for high popularity in our society today. Heffernan's done some of that herself in kicking up a hornet's nest from on high. But what she wrote, and why, also deserves attention.
Science does have its problems at multiple levels. Greg took on medioce and bigoted science blogging in Language extinction ain't no big thing?. I took on the Netporn/FanFiction Survey controversy in Sex, Lies and IRB Tape. Other blogs also do critical inquiry, from Mind Hacks and The Neurocritic on the science side to Somatosphere and Open Anthropology on the anthropology side. But Heffernan adds a new dimension, calling out people who have let themselves get corrupted by being able to shout and undercut and slander without much critique from those who know better.
I do think she misses the point that the problems at ScienceBlogs have been building over time, and that the decision by many bloggers to leave is their own way to protest and to critique what has happened at one of the dominant places in science blogging. They took action. But science is also about discourse by people. Blogs are now one of the most prominent ways that scholars engage in discourse among themselves, with students, and with the wider public. And there Heffernan takes on the role of Marcellus in Shakespeare:
Something is rotten in the state of Denmark.
Red Cross Is Instructing Truckers to Draw Blood and Nurses to Load Trucks
Justina Japola, a Polish graduate student at George Washington University, gives blood at the American Red Cross 12 September, 2001 in Washington, D.C. (MANNY CENETA/AFP/Getty Images)
A press release about a labor dispute at the American Red Cross (ARC) is challenging perceptions of the venerable institution and how it conducts its mobile unit blood drives.
Issued in early November by Council 32 of the American Federation of State, County and Municipal Employees (AFSCME), the announcement states:
In recent months, the Red Cross-Badger Hawkeye Region began to require nursing staff to load and drive trucks and truck drivers/loaders to draw donors' blood. Those who refuse risk the loss of their jobs.
AFSCME also notes that the National Labor Relations Board (NLRB) has "found sufficient grounds" to hear the union's unfair labor practice complaint on behalf of members subject to the combined and seemingly disparate job duties.
ARC, the complaint asserts, unilaterally imposed the work scheme while "failing and refusing to bargain collectively and in good faith," which is a violation of the National Labor Relations Act.
AFSCME District Representative Neil Rainford says a ruling on the complaint covering members in Wisconsin and northeast Iowa could impact thousands of workers under a sweeping 2015 "national addendum" between ARC and eight major unions with dozens of local affiliates. Some unions have had regional contracts in place for years.
AFSCME was and is willing to bargain over new classifications with the right protections, Rainford says, but is pushing back as ARC pushes forward with a plan that's "bad for donors and bad for staff."
ARC's job posting for the hybrid Driver/Phlebotomist position has no requirements beyond a high school diploma, people skills and the ability to drive legally and move heavy objects. Rainford says the position pays less than what current nursing staff earn—even as it morphs two jobs into one.
Longtime ARC supporter Ruth Brill tells In These Times she is appalled. Since 1971, Brill says, she has given 20 gallons of blood and served for six years on ARC's regional blood services board of directors.
"I've seen changes from having a doctor at every drive and then nurses, and then it went to phlebotomists, and now it's going to truck drivers with little training," Brill says. "This is disrespectful to donors. We shouldn't have to ask or even know to ask for an experienced person. They should all be qualified."
For all the exasperation Brill feels, workers interviewed for this article are even more impacted. All are skilled, with as many as 30 years on the job. Unless they prevail at the NLRB or recast themselves in ARC's mold, they face obsolescence like so many widgets waiting to be replaced by newer, cheaper units. They worry about the risks to themselves and the public.
Speaking on condition of anonymity, the workers quoted here are identified by pseudonyms. AFSCME Council 32 backs up their central claims and allegations, and an AFSCME representative has verified their observations.
Nursing staff to do truck work
Casey, Chris and Rory work out of different ARC bases in the region and are members of the predominately female AFSCME Local 1205. They are among the nurses and phlebotomists whose regular duties include direct donor contact and care.
They meet and greet, ask dozens of questions and perform mini physicals to assess donors' health. They locate, puncture and draw blood from a suitable vein and extract the needle in a way that prevents dangerous spills.
They use computers that track vital information and run machines that collect life-saving blood. They minister to nervous first-timers and administer any aftercare that's needed in case, for example, a donor faints.
They do all that and more. They draw the line at loading and driving trucks.
Depending on the size of the blood drive, hundreds to thousands of pounds of equipment and supplies must be moved. "I don't know how they'd do it," Casey says of co-workers at her location. "Some of the people here weigh maybe 120 pounds—little, tiny gals. I'm 165, and I couldn't do it. Somebody's going to get hurt."
Long-term staff, some in their 50s, have resisted, but pressure from management is mounting. "Some people say they are being bullied," Casey adds. "Nobody wants to lose their jobs, but we're trying to stick up for our rights."
At Chris's base, no senior staffer has had to do truck work yet, but the word is out that change is coming. Management hasn't had much luck in retaining new hires for the hybrid positions. "They've hired roughly 10 people," Chris says, "and only have four left."
Dispatched to blood drives at schools, arenas and other venues throughout the region, Local 1205 members already put in long days. They often arrive early in the morning, work 8-12 hour shifts, and then return home late at night only to start all over again the next day.
Hours are irregular and can include work on weekends and holidays. Adding driver and loader duties could extend work another two to three hours.
"You can't focus if you're too tired," Chris says. "You've got to follow procedures, and, if not, it can really mess up things. It's happened!"
Chris brands the double-duty experiment with new hires as "trial and error that wasted so much time and money" and has some long-term staff saying they'll have to leave too.
"We work too hard to have to deal with donors and put on a good face, and we are not going to accept having to do all these other things that are not making anything better,” says Chris. “It's just making everything worse."
At a third location, Rory recounts similar problems—not the least of which is the training ARC gives new hires for the hybrid jobs. With staff cutbacks in the education department and implementation of a virtual classroom, Rory says cross-trained workers are "not equipped with skills or knowledge" for the job—and "it shows."
Rory is fiercely protective of the truck drivers, who are mostly men and mostly members of AFSCME Local 1558. Classified as Mobile Unit Assistants (M.U.A.s), they do the sorting, moving, driving, lifting and other tasks that enable the nursing staff to provide donor services that have been covered by a union contract for 30 years.
"I love our M.U.A.'s," Rory says, worried about what will happen to the drivers. "They are being punished for work management took from them and gave to us."
Truckers to draw blood
Drew, Sean and Morgan know well the rigors of skilled M.U.A. work. It's hard and physical and requires working outdoors in all kinds of weather.
In sweltering heat, torrential rains or frigid temps with "black ice" roads, M.U.A.'s, like postal workers, are not deterred from their "appointed rounds"—and they drive long distances while carrying expensive cargo, precious blood and human beings.
They load, unload and set up sensitive equipment, medical supplies, electrical cables, beds for donor care and whatever else is needed for the blood drive. Stairs, narrow doorways or lack of a loading dock require items to be hand carried. They package and store blood collected at the drive, do paperwork and sometimes have to lift a passed-out donor off the floor. It's all in a day's work.
As much as some nursing staff oppose working on trucks, some M.U.A.s oppose drawing blood. "We don't want to be sticking needles in people's arms," Drew says.
A driver at Drew's base, fearful of getting laid off, has already crossed over to the hybrid job. "He's miserable," Drew says. "He just doesn't seem to be engaged in the work. He didn't want to do it in the first place. I don't think he's real good at it, and he's definitely exposing himself to more errors, but we're so understaffed that management is more tolerant because they can't find replacements."
Drew says that only one in ten new hires stayed on after training, which itself has been lacking. "Ever since the consent decree got lifted, Red Cross has gutted the education department," Drew explains. "It was mandated by the FDA before."
From 1993 through 2015, ARC was under a Food and Drug Administration (FDA) consent decree that cracked down on violations of blood safety laws and regulations. In the middle of the AIDS epidemic, the FDA found that ARC's practices had exposed the blood supply to threats of contamination. Among other requirements, ARC had to upgrade its quality assurance program and training for workers.
In 2001, the FDA pursued civil contempt charges against ARC for continued violations and warned of the "lifetime risk of serious disease or death" from "virally contaminated blood." Media reported cases of infection and death from transfused blood in the U.S. as well as Canada where over 3,000 people have died.
ARC has incurred FDA fines and penalties of tens of millions of dollars. The Badger Hawkeye region was among those the FDA cited for a litany of violations, including "Inadequate Training and Staffing Levels."
Drew and other workers worry that poor training, lack of experience and a big workload will lead to mistakes that compromise blood donors and recipients. "A pint of blood not drawn properly can kill people," Drew says, "and in fact it has."
ARC disputes that there's anything wrong with its practices and says training is adequate.
In an email to In These Times, ARC external communications manager Laura McGuire says: “Employees are provided safety training on how to perform this work without harm. The Red Cross is dedicated to making every effort to provide safe working conditions for all employees.”
McGuire says ARC “adheres to all required state and regulatory training” and that workers are required to complete "regulated phlebotomist training as well as driver training, among other trainings.”
Phlebotomy training "takes approximately eight to 10 weeks,” she says, and "Collections staff are not allowed to perform phlebotomy independently until they have demonstrated competency and received approval from their instructor. All Red Cross employees who perform phlebotomy receive an annual competency assessment.”
McGuire says ARC has “been bargaining in good faith for the past 18 months.” She says, “the top priority of the Red Cross is the safety of our blood donors, employees, volunteers and the patients in need of lifesaving blood products.”
Some workers see it differently. “The idea of combining blood work and truck work is something "I can't wrap my mind around," says Morgan. "It's two totally different jobs. I can understand cross-training, but loading a truck with all that equipment and then doing needle sticks just blows my mind."
The drivers' "goofy hours," heavy-duty labor and "super long days" are challenging enough without adding delicate medical procedures to the mix, Morgan says. "We have a well-oiled machine that knows every idiosyncrasy, works hard, and gets grimy and sweaty—and we're supposed to do sticks too? I can't fathom that."
It's not that drivers aren't willing to take on more. They are. But Sean believes there was a plan in progress over the years as ARC peeled away clerical duties drivers performed at blood drives and assigned them to nursing staff.
"They wanted to eliminate M.U.A.'s," Sean says. "They took responsibilities from us and now view us as a boat anchor."
As workers tell it, the real drag on the operation is coming from decisions made far away at ARC's headquarters in Washington, D.C., without input from people like Sean and others on the frontlines. The result, they say, is a system that's slower, glitchier and riskier—and at the root of the worst employee morale they've seen in their careers.
"We are willing and capable of so much more," Sean says. "We've agreed to do more! But I wouldn't be surprised if, two years from now, we come in and have someone meet us at the door, saying, 'Give us your ID. You're done.'"
It seems that many people are confused about whatneeds and does not need refrigeration- in the condiments dept. Here's my go at it:
Condiments that DO NOT need refrigeration are those that are primarily made up of:
SUGAR(jams,jellies, honey, maple syrup, caro syrup, molasses etc)
or SALT: soysauce, oyster sauce,fish sauce etc.
or ACID: vinegars, mustard,hot sauce, steak sauce, worc sce.,ketchup
or ALCOHOL, except Wine: madeira,marsala, port, sherry, liquers,etc
all OILs( but those that are nut or seed based can more easily go rancid in hot weather, so best to keep refrigtd)
Condiments/sauces that MUST BE refrigated are those that are NOT primarily made up of the above ingredients AND that contain either:
VEGETABLES( i.e. vinaigrettes with garlic or shallots or onion or fresh herbs)
or FRUIT (Ponzu sauce, salad dressings w/ citrus juice or other fruit, bottled citrus juices etc)
or DAIRY (i.e.mayo or creamy salad dressings, tadziki sauce etc)
NUT OILS (refrig staves off rancidity)
I'm sure i've left out some things, but i hope this can be a helpful basic guide.
A view of Boston during calmer seas. Scientists say small earthquakes of the coast of New England could put the city at risk for tsunamis. (Chitose Suzuki/AP)
An increase in seismic activity in the North Atlantic suggests that New England is most at risk of suffering the effects of a tsunami in the near future, according to a Boston College seismologist.
Over the past year there have been 12 small earthquakes at the edge of the continental shelf – about 170 miles east of Boston – with the most powerful being a magnitude 4 quakes that occurred April 12, 2012, says John Ebel, of Boston College's Weston Observatory, which studies earthquakes.
"I can't put a number on the chances of it happening, there's no way of knowing timing," he says. "But when we have more frequent small earthquake activity, there's a greater chance of having a larger one in the future."
Ebel presented preliminary findings of his research Friday at the Seismological Society of America's annual meeting in Salt Lake City.
Tsunamis are extremely rare, but not unprecedented in the Atlantic Ocean. Ebel says tectonic conditions in the Pacific and Indian Oceans make tsunamis more likely in those regions; recent tsunamis in Japan and Indonesia killed thousands. In 1929, a magnitude 7.2 earthquake off the coast of Newfoundland caused a tsunami to hit Canada, killing 27 people, destroying thousands of homes and cutting transatlantic communication lines.
"I'm drawing an analogy from the 1929 area to this area that reaches to Boston," Ebel says. "Geologically, it looks the same. The earthquakes are occurring right at the edge of the continental shelf."
His research, based on several decades of earthquake data, suggests that the coasts between Nova Scotia and New Jersey are at highest risk for a tsunami.
"As you go further south than New Jersey, there are no reports of earthquakes at all at the edge of the continental shelf," he says.
Ebel says in order for a tsunami to cause major damage, there needs to be an earthquake of a magnitude of at least 7, which are rare on the East Coast. The earthquake also has to occur in the ocean; some seismologists believe the earthquake has to be powerful enough to cause what is known as a "submarine landslide," which pushes sediment off the continental shelf and into the deep ocean.
The most powerful earthquake to strike the East Coast in recent memory was a magnitude 5.8 quake that struck near Richmond, Va., in 2011. The earthquake that caused at least 220,000 deaths in Haiti in 2010 was a magnitude 7.0 quake that struck land. Ebel says that quake was not associated with a tsunami.
More News:
Chelsea fans were ambushed by balaclava-clad thugs in Kiev just hours before the Blues face Dynamo Kiev in the Champions League.
A group of around 30 supporters were attacked in the Ukrainian capital just moments after they had left the Shato Brewery bar just off Independence Square.
The group of Chelsea fans were attacked as they left the Shato Brewery bar in Kiev on Monday
Several fans were left bruised and bloodied with at least one requiring hospital treatment following the unprovoked attack at around midnight on Monday.
The thugs charged at the Chelsea fans, including women and the elderly, knocking them to the ground with kicks and punches.
Chelsea is in Ukraine to take on Dynamo Kiev in the Champions League on Tuesday night
One Chelsea fan, who asked to not be named, said: 'It was orchestrated. Five guys turned up at the pub and sussed us out.
'One was texting at the bar and they were obviously lying in wait to have a dig.'
IOWA CITY — There are no rules for coincidence. You don't have a say in it. You sometimes don't even know when it's happening. It's usually harmless or something you might not piece together as a coincidence.
Iowa defensive tackle Faith Ekakitie knew it right away, but not until after he took off his headphones and saw coincidence bordering on fate.
Ekakitie, a senior for the Hawkeyes, happened to be involved in a game of Pokémon Go in an Iowa City park on Wednesday afternoon.
The Iowa City Police Department is looking for a suspect in an armed bank robbery on Wednesday afternoon.
Approximately 1:53 p.m. Wednesday Iowa City Police Department officers responded to a report of an armed robbery at First American Bank, located at 640 Highway 1 West in Iowa City. In response to the call, officers flooded the area looking for a black male, dressed in black who had reportedly fled on foot, according to the release.
The suspect was not located. This case remains under investigation by the Iowa City Police Department, according to the release.
Iowa City Area CrimeStoppers is offering a reward of up to $1,000 for information leading to the arrest of the suspect(s). Anyone with information about this crime is urged to contact CrimeStoppers at 358-TIPS (8477) or at www.iccrimestoppers.org. All contacts are held in strict confidence and anonymity is guaranteed. Individuals providing information do not have to reveal their identity to collect a reward.
Here is where Faith Ekakitie and coincidence come in.
ARTICLE CONTINUES BELOW ADVERTISEMENT Winning Numbers By Marc Morehouse. Relive the glory of the Kirk Ferentz era with Marc's coverage of all 143 wins leading up to Kirk Ferentz becoming Iowa's winningest coach. Order Now Don't miss a story Sign up for The Gazette's breaking news email list to hear about the biggest local stories, as they happen. Sign up
On his Facebook page, Ekakitie posted Wednesday evening about his experience. I contacted him and asked if it would be OK if I shared it here. He said OK. You will find wisdom beyond its age in these words.
Today was the first time that I've ever truly feared for my life, and I have the media to thank for that.
Today I was surrounded and searched by approximately five Iowa City Police Officers. My pockets were checked, my backpack was opened up and searched carefully, and I was asked to lift up my shirt while they searched my waistband. Not once did they identify themselves to me as Iowa City Police officers, but with four gun barrels staring me in the face, I wouldn't dare question the authority of the men and woman in front of me. This is what happened from my point of view.
From the police officers point of view, all they knew was that a bank had just been robbed less than ten minutes ago. The suspect was a large black male, wearing all black, with something on top of his head and the suspect is armed. As they drive past an Iowa City park that was less than 3 minutes away from the bank that was just robbed, they notice a large black man, dressed in all black, with black goggles on his head. They quickly move to action and identify themselves as the Iowa City police and ask me to turn around and place my hands up. I do not comply, they ask again, and again no response from me. So they all draw their guns and begin to slowly approach the suspect.
In this situation, what the media would fail to let people know is that the suspect had his headphones in the entire time the Police Officers approached him initially. The suspect had actually just pulled up to the park because he was playing a newly popular Game called Pokémon Go. The suspect didn't realize that there were four cops behind him because his music was blaring in his ears. The suspect had reached into his pockets, for something which was his phone, but for all the cops could have known, he was reaching for a gun. The suspect could very well become another statistic on this day. I am not one to usually rant on Facebook or anywhere else, but all the crazy things that have been happening in our world these past couple of weeks it is hard to stay silent. I am thankful to be alive, and I do now realize, that it very well could have been me, a friend of mine, my brother, your cousin, your nephew etc. Misunderstandings happen all the time and just like that things can go south very quickly. It is extremely sad that our society has brainwashed us all to the point where we can't feel safe being approached by the police officers in our respective communities. Not all police officers are out to get people, but at the same time, not all people who fit the criminal profile are criminals.
So with that, I would like the thank the Iowa City Police Department for handling a sensitive situation very professionally. I would also urge people to be more aware of their surroundings because clearly I wasn't. Lastly, I would urge us all to at least to attempt to unlearn some of the prejudices that we have learned about each other and now plague our minds and our society. I am convinced that in the same way that we learned these prejudices, we can also unlearn them.
l Comments: (319) 398-8256; marc.morehouse@thegazette.com
The Random Darknet Shopper, with bitcoin to burn, has purchased counterfeit jeans, master keys, dodgy cigs and even a bag of ecstasy tablets. Who is legally liable?
Can a robot, or a piece of software, be jailed if it commits a crime? Where does legal culpability lie if code is criminal by design or default? What if a robot buys drugs, weapons, or hacking equipment and has them sent to you, and police intercept the package?
These are questions we haven't had to ask until now, but they are part of a pertinent philosophical dilemma thrown up by the emergence of darknet markets, anonymous internet use, and bitcoin. These and other questions are all explored in a new exhibition, The Darknet: From Memes to Onionland, at The Kunst Halle Sankt Gallen, an hour east of Zürich, Switzerland.
A robot deployed on the dark web over the past few weeks has bought a pair of fake Diesel jeans, a baseball cap with a hidden camera, a stash can, a pair of Nike trainers, a decoy letter (used to see if your address is being monitored), 200 Chesterfield cigarettes, a set of fire-brigade issued master keys, a fake Louis Vuitton handbag, and 10 ecstasy pills. All of the products are on display as part of the exhibition, which runs until 11 January.
The ecstasy pills bought by the bot. Photograph: !mediengruppebitnik
The ecstasy poills bought by the bot, which are on display at the Swiss gallery. Photograph: !mediengruppebitnik
London-based Swiss artists !Mediengruppe Bitnik, Carmen Weisskopf and Domagoj Smoljo), coded the Random Darknet Shopper, an automated online shopping bot, and instructed it to spend $100 in bitcoin per week on a darknet market that lists over 16,000 items, not all of them illegal.
Their aim is to explore the ethical and philosophical implications of these markets, which, despite high-profile internationally co-ordinated raids costing millions, persist and flourish.
“The arts should be able to mirror something that is happening in contemporary society in a contemporary way,” says Weisskopf. “We really want to provide new spaces to think about the goods traded on these markets. Why are they traded? How do we as a society deal with these spaces? At the moment there is just a lot of pressure, but not a lot of thinking about stuff, just immediate reaction.”
The gallery is next door to a police station, but the artists say they are not afraid of legal repercussions of their bot buying illegal goods.
“We are the legal owner of the drugs – we are responsible for everything the bot does, as we executed the code, says Smoljo. “But our lawyer and the Swiss constitution says art in the public interest is allowed to be free.”
The project also aims to explore the ways that trust is built between anonymous participants in a commercial transaction for possibly illegal goods. Perhaps most surprisingly, not one of the 12 deals the robot has made has ended in a scam.
“The markets copied procedures from Amazon and eBay – their rating and feedback system is so interesting,” adds Smojlo. “With such simple tools you can gain trust. The service level was impressive – we had 12 items and everything arrived.”
“There has been no scam, no rip-off, nothing,” says Weiskopff. “One guy could not deliver a handbag the bot ordered, but he then returned the bitcoins to us.”
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Fake Nike trainers bought by the bot Photograph: !mediengruppebitnik
The pair see parallels between copyright law and drug laws: “You can enforce laws, but what does that mean for society? Trading is something people have always done without regulation, but today it is regulated,” says ays Weiskopff.
“There have always been darkmarkets in cities, online or offline. These questions need to be explored. But what systems do we have to explore them in? Post Snowden, space for free-thinking online has become limited, and offline is not a lot better.”
Previously, the collective have hacked London underground CCTV cameras and invited the operators to a game of chess, and last year they posted a camera and a GPS tracking device to Julian Assange inside the Ecuadorean embassy. The camera live-tweeted its progress to the hands of the Wikileaks founder.
Smojlo says the darkmarkets are here to stay, no matter what law enforcement does, identifying bitcoin as a key shift in thinking that will have repercussions beyond its hacker and darknet constituencies. The last few years have witnessed a rupture, a schism between centralised and decentralised systems, they say.
“People have realised [with bitcoin] that money is not an absolute. They realised they could shape it. They could create their own things with maths, P2P networks, decentralisation and cryptography. Whether Tor survives or not, you will soon be able to run darknet nodes on your own computer, which can't be taken down,” says Smoljo.
“Something has opened, broken up, this space will be explored,” agrees Weiskopff.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Random Darknet Shopper exhibition. Photograph: !mediengruppebitnik
A spokesman for the National Crime Agency, which incorporates the National Cyber Crime Unit, was less philosophical, acknowledging that the question of criminal culpability in the case of a randomised software agent making a purchase of an illegal drug was “very unusual”.
“If the purchase is made in Switzerland, then it's of course potentially subject to Swiss law, on which we couldn't comment,” said the NCA. “In the UK, it's obviously illegal to purchase a prohibited drug (such as ecstasy), but any criminal liability would need to assessed on a case-by-case basis.”
• Life after Silk Road: how the darknet drugs market is booming
A leaked copy of Donald Trump's 2005 tax return shows that he and his wife Melania would have paid very little in federal income taxes that year. But his final income tax rate ended up being 24 percent due to a supplemental tax for the wealthy designed to ensure their use of loopholes doesn't totally eliminate what they owe, according to a review of the document by accountants for CBS MoneyWatch.
Mr. Trump's basic tax return from 2005 -- a two-page Form 1040 that summarizes his return -- was made public by MSNBC's Rachel Maddow Tuesday night. It showed that the Trumps paid an effective income tax rate of 24 percent, far below the top 35 percent rate at the time that a billionaire would presumably have been paying. But if they didn't have to pay the supplemental tax, they would have forked over a mere 4 percent.
White House releases details of Pres. Trump's 2005 tax returns.
Known as the alternative minimum tax, or AMT, this levy is in President Trump's gunsights to eliminate in the pending overhaul of the nation's tax code. Because the AMT has never been indexed for inflation in the decades since its passage, it's now frequently applied to upper-middle-income people, not just the mega-bucks crowd to which the Trumps belong.
According to the Form 1040, Mr. Trump paid $36.6 million in federal income taxes on $152.7 million in reported income in 2005, or 24 percent. Some accounts put the figure at 25 percent, which includes his self-employment tax -- for Social Security and Medicare -- although accountants don't usually include self-employment tax when calculating income taxes paid.
Significantly helping matters back in 2005 was the fact he reported a $103.2 million loss that year, which could be part of an almost $1 billion writedown he'd taken on gargantuan losses claimed a decade earlier.
Last October, the New York Times reported that Mr. Trump declared a $916 million loss in 1995. It was, the Times noted, “a tax deduction so substantial it could have allowed him to legally avoid paying any federal income taxes for up to 18 years.”
Martin Sullivan, chief economist and contributing editor at Tax Analysts, said it is hard to read too much into Mr. Trump's tax payments based on only two pages of his 2005 return. But he added, “What is striking -- though not illegal or improper -- is the $100 million-plus in business loses.”
Trump's tax return makes waves, and other MoneyWatch headlines
Mr. Trump has refused to release his tax forms, even though all presidents stretching back to Richard Nixon have released theirs. The reason, he has said, is that he is under audit for multiple years worth of returns. Others have disputed that interpretation, saying he could unveil them if he wanted to since there is no law prohibiting him from doing so while under audit. And his refusal, of course, has sparked all manner of dark speculation of what may be in the returns.
The White House, in a statement before the Maddow show aired, confirmed that in 2005 Mr. Trump wrote off “large scale depreciation for construction,” which pared his tax bill. The statement said he did nothing wrong and knocked MSNBC for obtaining his tax documents and making them public.
While Maddow's show hit the high spots of the leaked tax form, accountants and other tax experts reviewing the document for CBS MoneyWatch had a heyday, even while noting they needed much more information from elsewhere in the 2005 tax filing to really understand his tax liability completely.
Ira Rubenstein, principal in charge of New York accounting firm MBAF, said it would help if the supporting forms, known as schedules, had been obtained in addition to the Form 1040. “Otherwise we really can't be sure,” he said.
Frank Clemente, executive director of Americans for Tax Fairness, which favors taxing the wealthy more, pointed out that Mr. Trump derives his income from more than 500 business entities, each with its own income stream and tax filing. “It's in those filings that you would see names and sources of income,” he said. “The tax return that we're looking at, we're not going to see that -- those are all summaries and rollups of what's in the filing of individual entities.”
Lewandowski: Trump will release taxes when IRS audit is over
He pointed out that real estate, which is Mr. Trump's business, allows for the biggest write-offs, thus dramatically reducing property magnates' final tax bills. “And we don't know what share of his income is derived from real estate versus the branding that he's doing,” Clemente said, referring to the numerous side businesses that Mr. Trump and his adult children are involved in.
One line on the 2005 Form 1040 suggests that Mr. Trump paid significantly less federal tax in 2004, likely about $12 million, on significantly less income of around $60 million, according to standard accounting methodology, said certified public accountant John Lieberman with Perelson Weiner, a New York City-based accounting firm.
Line 65 lists the 2005 estimated tax applied from the 2004 return, a figure that Lieberman said is typically calculated at 110 percent of the previous year's taxes. In this case, it said $13,291,993.
Another tantalizing tidbit for the accounting crowd: Line 12 of the document, which lists more than $40 million in business income, also known as self-employment income. “Where is that money coming from?” Lieberman asked.
Irina Ivanova and Graham Kates contributed to this report.
We've all gotten very familiar with Vladimir Putin's Orwellian logic, according to which peace is war, intervention is non-intervention, democracy is fascism, and fascism is democracy. His latest comments at the Valdai discussion club just reinforced, if any reinforcing were still necessary, the point that the man is a master of mendacity.
We generally don't expect equally bizarre ethical or logical standards from Western commentators. And yet they do occur, especially with regard to Putin, Russia, and their war in Ukraine.
On October 20th, Professor Mark Galeotti of New York University argued that the “West has lost the right to lecture Putin.” According to Galeotti:
This is not simple “whataboutism,” that classic trick of deflecting criticism through raising the other side's real or alleged flaws. Rather it is to note that Washington is currently seeking to have its cake and eat it. It can choose to base its foreign policy on strict moral principles or geopolitical pragmatism. At present, it seems happy to act pragmatically but think morally. Thus it genuinely considers Putin not simply an antagonist, but an immoral one. This is dangerous and foolish…. Castigating [Putin's Russia] on moral grounds, without behaving in an unimpeachably moral way, is simply going to alienate Moscow, undermine Western credibility, and create a wholly false series of assumptions on which to base policy. The uncomfortable truth is that in Syria, as in so many other ways, Putin is simply ruthlessly exploiting and expanding precedents already set by the West.
Galeotti's suggestion that the choice before policymakers is either “strict moral principles” or “geopolitical pragmatism” is absurd. The fact is that Western democracies do indeed attempt to combine both principles; they do not just “act pragmatically but think morally.” True, Western democracies as often fail to combine both principles as they succeed. But 100 percent success is not the point. Instead, the point is to try to be both pragmatic and moral—no easy task.
In this respect, Western democracies differ fundamentally from authoritarian dictatorships, fascist states, and autocracies such as Putin's Russia. Putin makes no effort whatsoever to combine morality with pragmatism. Indeed, he twists morality as need be in order to pursue his ends. A guilty conscience is thus impossible in Putin's warped moral universe, while guilty consciences are built into the very fabric of Western thought. When the West criticizes others for their misdeeds, it effectively criticizes itself. Although the West is frequently hypocritical, its hypocrisy is testimony to the fact that it does have ethical standards, even, or especially when, it violates them. As a result, the West doesn't just have the right to criticize Putin: It has the obligation to do so.
Take Galeotti's argument to its logical conclusion, and you'd have to claim that no one but a saint should dare to express ethical reservations about anything or anybody.
Even more bizarre standards are found in a commentary by Bloomberg columnist Leonid Bershidsky, who believes that the recently released “MH17 crash report shows no side was innocent.” According to Bershidsky, while it's true that “the Buk missile that destroyed the plane must have been launched from rebel-held territory,” Ukraine “failed in its duty by allowing passenger jets to fly over the conflict area.” To be sure, says Bershidsky, “while there can be no moral equivalency between arming or protecting the perpetrators of that crime, and failing to close the skies, the uncomfortable truth laid bare by the report is that both sides in the conflict were glaringly incompetent.”
Come again? The rebels or the Russians commit a heinous crime by deliberately shooting down a plane, and that's mere incompetence? Even if they believed it was a military plane—which may be unlikely, given the high altitude at which MH17 was flying—the fact is that they deliberately decided to shoot it down. Meanwhile, the Ukrainians fail to imagine that the rebels or Russians would actually shoot down passenger planes and they, too, are as incompetent as the rebels or Russians who actually commit the crime?
Competence or incompetence is not the issue here, just as it is not the issue in any crime. The only relevant questions are: Was a crime committed and who committed it? And the answers to both questions are: Yes, a crime was committed because a plane was deliberately shot down, and the Russians or their proxies fired the missile that destroyed the plane.
Bershidsky doesn't take his argument far enough. Logically, he should also accuse the pilot of MH17 and its passengers of being equally incompetent and hence indirectly complicit. After all, who but an incompetent would decide to fly over a war zone? Who but an incompetent would fail to determine beforehand whether the plane would be flying over contested territory?
The questions are as obscene as the moral standards of Putin and his apologists.
January 25, 2016
by Paola Loriggio, The Canadian Press
TORONTO—A fiery explosion at a Toronto propane plant that forced thousands out of their homes in the dead of night and claimed the life of an employee caused “unprecedented” devastation, an Ontario judge ruled in imposing $5.3 million in fines against the company and its directors.
Sunrise Propane, which is no longer in operation, has two years to pay $5.1 million, while its directors Shay Ben-Moshe and Valery Belahov have three years to each pay $100,000, Justice Leslie Chapin said Monday.
“The sheer magnitude of this event was unprecedented in Ontario at the time,” Chapin said in describing the “widespread and devastating” effects of the Aug. 10, 2008 blast.
Though the disaster has since been eclipsed by the deadly train derailment in Lac-Megantic, it remains significant enough to warrant serious fines, the judge said.
That the defendants behaved recklessly and were motivated by a desire to cut costs were among the aggravating factors, she said.
Prosecutors had sought more than $7 million in fines against the Sunrise Propane and its leaders.
The company, Ben-Moshe and Belahov were found guilty in June 2013 of nine provincial offences related to the explosion that launched fireballs into the sky, filled the air with smoke, shattered windows and coated lawns in toxic asbestos.
Twenty-five-year-old employee Parminder Saini died in the blast and a 55-year-old firefighter who responded to the emergency on his day off died of a heart attack.
The court ruled that Sunrise failed to provide safety training and a safe working environment, discharged a contaminant and contravened a number of provincial orders related to the cleanup after the blast.
The court also found that Ben-Moshe and Belahov failed to take all reasonable care to prevent the company from flouting those orders.
The company was cleared, however, of one count of failing to comply with a directive which involved notifying the Environment Ministry if it couldn't or was unable to clean up after the blast.
The trial heard that, according to the government, the initial blast took place when propane vapours ignited during a risky truck-to-truck propane transfer.
The government shut down all three of Sunrise Propane's facilities shortly after the incident.
Defence lawyer Leo Adler had pushed for lower fines, arguing his clients don't have the money to pay millions of dollars. But Chapin said she had “no reliable information” to support that assertion.
She did, however, take the pair's remorse over Saini's death into account as a mitigating factor, along with the fact that they had no prior record of similar offences.
Time runs in one direction, but new research indicates the Big Bang might've created a mirror universe where time runs backward. We have yet to confirm if that universe's Spock has a goatee.
Back in 2004, a theory proposed by Cal Tech professor Sean Carroll and his grad student Jennifer Chen posited that time moves forward because the movement toward high entropy gives it direction. As PBS notes, the theory says that time advances because of “the contrast in entropy between then and now, with an emphasis on the fact that the future universe will so much more disordered than the past.”
But a new theory is a whole lot more intriguing. Julian Barbour, at the University of Oxford, has proposed a theory that says a low-entropy early universe is inevitable because of gravity, and ultimately that's what gives time its arrow. They tested the idea with a basic model with 1,000 particles and the physics of Newtonian gravity, to see how it worked. Here's Scientific American's take on the findings:
The system's complexity is at its lowest when all the particles come together in a densely packed cloud, a state of minimum size and maximum uniformity roughly analogous to the big bang. The team's analysis showed that essentially every configuration of particles, regardless of their number and scale, would evolve into this low-complexity state. Thus, the sheer force of gravity sets the stage for the system's expansion and the origin of time's arrow, all without any delicate fine-tuning to first establish a low-entropy initial condition.
To take that a step further, the study also shows the “simulated Big Bang” actually happened in two directions — meaning if the real Big Bang followed the same rules, it would've created a mirror universe where time essentially runs in reverse from our universe. Basically, time would run backward there.
Here's how Barbour described the potential findings, in what almost sounds like the pitch for a high-concept sci-fi flick:
“If they were complicated enough, both sides could sustain observers who would perceive time going in opposite directions. Any intelligent beings there would define their arrow of time as moving away from this central state. They would think we now live in their deepest past.”
Whoa. Mind. Blown.
(Via PBS)
For the Canadian network promoting the rights of children, see Canadian Coalition for the Rights of Children
The Canadian Children's Rights Council Inc. (French: Conseil canadien des droits des enfants inc.) is a non-governmental organization that is based in Toronto, Ontario, Canada and was founded in 1991. It describes itself as a nonprofit educational and advocacy organization dedicated to supporting the rights and responsibilities of Canadian children and providing critical analysis of governments' policies at all levels of government in Canada.[1]
Despite portraying itself as an organization that works for children's rights, scholars and the media described it as more concerned with men's and father's rights.
Activities [ edit ]
The organization researches, educates and advocates in the area of the rights and responsibilities of Canadian children.[1] It lobbies the government, intergovernmental and NGOs about the issues related to their mandate, and have testified at Canadian provincial and federal committees and ministerial consultations.[2][3][4]
Site [ edit ]
Their website hosts a virtual library of books, position statements, historical and other documents, on subjects such as implementation of the Convention on the Rights of the Child, parental alienation and parental alienation syndrome, infanticide, joint custody following divorce, paternity fraud, corporal punishment, and female sex offenders.
The organization states that their website is the most visited website in Canada on the issues of children's rights and responsibilities.[1]
Positions [ edit ]
The organization supports the existence of a national and provincial commissioners on the implementation of the United Nations Convention on the Rights of the Child.[5] The group opposes corporal punishment including spanking, and promotes the idea of parent training in alternatives.[1] The group's president, Grant Wilson, has stated "he believes women who abandon their babies should be charged with attempted murder...",[6] and that Canada's infanticide law should be repealed, as it devalues the lives of children, violates their rights, and is "a licence for women to kill babies."[7] In both cases he argues that a defense of diminished capacity could be still used in cases involving post partum depression.[6][7]
Wilson has stated that women frequently make false allegations of abuse during divorce, and that men are equally likely to be the victim of domestic violence.[3] He has also called for tougher penalties, including for jail time, for mothers who deny fathers visitation rights with their children,[8][9] and for mandatory paternity testing of all children at birth in order to prevent paternal discrepancy issues.[10]
While the organization positions itself as a children's rights group, scholars and the media view the group and its president as men's[4][8][3] and fathers' rights advocates.[11][12] Psychologist and academic Erica Burman comments that the group "has appropriated a discourse of children's rights as an anti-feminist strategy" and has adopted the acronym of the Canadian Coalition for the Rights of Children.[12]
References [ edit ]
TALLAHASSEE, Fla. -- Here's a quick look back at No. 4 Florida's 37-26 victory over No. 10 Florida State on Saturday in Doak S. Campbell Stadium:
It was over when: With seven minutes left in the game, Florida quarterback Jeff Driskel threw a 14-yard touchdown pass to Quinton Dunbar to put the Gators ahead 30-20. In five plays, the Gators went 32 yards to score -- a short field that was set up by Marcus Roberson's 50-yard punt return. It was a huge special-teams play that put Florida in position to separate itself and gave the Gators the momentum.
Game ball goes to: Florida's defense. It lived up to the billing, as the Gators forced five turnovers, and held Florida State to just 112 rushing yards and well under its season average of 42.91 points per game.
Stat of the game: Florida State turned the ball over five times -- two lost fumbles and three interceptions. Overall, Florida scored 10 points off FSU's turnovers. EJ Manuel's fumble in the fourth quarter led to an immediate score for running back Mike Gillislee, a 37-yard run that put the Gators up 23-20.
What it means: Florida still has an outside shot at playing for the national championship and further stated its case for a BCS bowl. It also snapped a two-game losing streak to coach Jimbo Fisher. For Florida State, it was a squandered opportunity to prove it deserves to be higher in the BCS standings and make an argument against the computers. It also was another letdown for the ACC on a national stage.
Large demonstrations against Israel's assault on Palestinians in Gaza were staged across the US on Saturday. The public outpouring of support for Palestinians in US streets suggests that Washington's pro-Israel policies are becoming increasingly unpopular, a trend supported by a recent poll on Israel's latest aggression, which finds that young Americans are twice as likely to support Palestinian rights than Israeli occupation.
Tens of thousands of Americans held a demonstration in front of the White House in Washington, DC. Protestors travelled in buses from around the country to join the national rally, waving Palestinian flags and chanting “free Palestine” in the US capital.
On the other side of the country, thousands of Americans staged a protest in Austin, Texas while a plane flew in the skies with the message “save Gaza free Palestine”.
And hundreds of people also joined a march in Los Angeles, California the same day, closing down one of the city's busiest boulevards to demand an end to Israel's war crimes.
In recent years, the solidarity movement in the US has been revitalised by student activists. While a 22-23 July Gallup poll found that a slight majority of Americans believe that Israel's latest assault on Gaza is justified, a pro-Israel bias that also dominated during the second intifada, amongst those under the age of 30, more than twice as many Americans say that Israel's aggression in Gaza is unjustified (51 per cent) than those who say it is justified (25 per cent). The same holds true for people of colour (49 per cent versus 25 per cent).
Both the popular demonstrations and the poll results seem to indicate that support for Israel is growing weaker amongst the next generation of American leaders.
Images below are from protests in Austin (Texas), Los Angeles (California) and Washington DC.
+1 2K Shares
The Marine Corps may soon bring an end to the longstanding and iconic recruiting slogan, “The Few. The Proud. The Marines.”
The tagline made its debut nearly 40 years ago, in 1977. It is considered to be one of the most iconic and successful ad campaigns of the 20th century.
“'The Few, The Proud' does a great job distinguishing ourselves from the other branches and making us prestigious to recruits, but it doesn't say anything about what we do or why we exist,” Lt. Col. John Caldwell, a spokesman for Marine Corps Recruiting Command told the Marine Corps Times.
Commandant Gen. Robert Neller has approved an ad campaign that gives writers permission to replace the tagline. The new campaign is expected to be launched next year.
ADVERTISEMENT
J. Walter Thompson, the agency that created the tagline, is already coming up with ideas for a new campaign which could be submitted to senior Marine leaders late this year or early next year, Caldwell said.
“The new products are going to frame everything that we do as a fight — a fight that we intend to win,” he told Marine Corps Times.
He said that the ad campaign will be based on three key concepts: “fighting self-doubt to become a Marine, fighting the nation's battles and fighting for what's right in our communities,” the Marine Corps Times reported.
Caldwell said that replacing the tagline “The Few. The Proud. The Marines” is not the focus of the new ad campaign, but instead “consistent messaging.”
Caldwell said that that the new campaign will not include a slogan that will be more inclusive to women.
“It doesn't have anything to do with that,” Lt. Col. Caldwell told the newspaper. “It has everything to do with clearly defining who we are and what we do as United States Marines. It's all about our irreducible fighting spirit. That's the fighting spirit of the organization and that's the fighting spirit of all its Marines.”
[revad2]
ADVERTISEMENT
Image caption Prosecutors say the ship breached Panama's internal security
Panama has charged the crew of a North Korean ship detained in Panama after it was found to be carrying weapons.
Prosecutor Javier Caraballo accused the 35 crew members of endangering public security by illegally transporting war material.
The charges came just hours after North Korea urged Panama to release the ship and its crew without delay.
Police found the weapons under bags of sugar. Cuba has said it had sent the weapons to North Korea for repairs.
'Hidden load'
Panama has asked the UN to investigate whether there has been a breach of the sanctions against North Korea.
Chong Chon Gang's route Departs from Nakhodka in Russian far east (200km east of North Korean border) Arrives at Pacific side of Panama Canal Leaves the Panama Canal on the Caribbean side heading for Havana, but disappears from satellite tracking Arrives back at Panamanian port of Manzanillo; later searched for contraband. Weapons uncovered
The UN sanctions prohibit the supply of arms to Pyongyang in the dispute over its controversial nuclear programme.
"According to its declaration, the ship only carried 10,000 tonnes sugar, it never declared war material and that in itself is a violation of the rules and a grave danger for the transit through the Panama canal," Mr Caraballo said.
He said the crew had remained silent when the charges against them were brought.
They will remain in detention while Panamanian security forces continue to unload the cargo under which the weapons were hidden.
Panama's Security Minister Jose Raul Mulino said the ship and its cargo had broken Panamanian and international law.
"This is not an official or military ship belonging to the North Korean government."
"It's a commercial ship which wanted to pass through the Panama canal with a [cargo] declaration which failed to reflect what it was carrying, turning a blind eye to the fact that its cargo could be violating UN resolutions," he said.
According to the security minister, the search could take days.
"This ship was loaded in a way to make it hard to unload; the effort is enormous," he said.
Image caption The cargo seized from the North Korean ship is now guarded by Panamanian soldiers at the port of Colon City Image caption Forensic teams have begun examining the contents of the shipping containers seized on Tuesday. Image caption The ship was carrying what appeared to be an ageing Soviet-built radar control system for surface-to-air missiles. Image caption Cuba - which owns this deactivated Soviet-era medium-range ballistic missile - said it had sent the weapons to North Korea for repairs. Image caption The North Korean-flagged ship is also being inspected after customs officials found weapons hidden under sacks of sugar in the containers previous slide next slide
'Obsolete weapons'
On Wednesday, North Korea asked Panama to release the ship.
"This cargo is nothing but ageing weapons which are to be sent back to Cuba after overhauling them according to a legitimate contract," the North's foreign ministry was quoted as saying by the state-run Central News Agency.
Cuba had earlier admitted being behind the stash of weapons finds on board the ship. It said they were Soviet-era arms from Cuba headed for repair in North Korea.
The Cuban foreign ministry said the Chong Chon Gang was carrying 240 tonnes of "obsolete" defensive weapons - two anti-aircraft missile complexes, nine missiles in parts and spares, two MiG-21bis fighter planes and 15 MiG engines.
Havana also reaffirmed its commitment to "peace, disarmament, including nuclear disarmament, and respect for international law".
The Chong Chon Gang left Russia's far east on 12 April and travelled across the Pacific Ocean before entering the canal at the start of June, with Cuba as its stated destination.
It was stopped near Manzanillo on the Atlantic side of the canal last week, but Panama only released details of the find on Tuesday.
The ship disappeared from satellite tracking systems after it left the Caribbean side of the canal, resurfacing on 11 July.
Experts say this may indicate that the crew switched off the system which automatically communicates details of their location.
Panama says it is awaiting the arrival of experts from the United Nations Security Council to inspect the weapons.
introduction
The right size
As children we build huts without drawing them first, but when we are older we make drawings before we build. The drawings help us discover the right sizes for our rooms and the materials we use to make them.
Do we determine our measures solely based on use, on practical considerations? Do certain measures help us feel more at home in a room, a building, a town?
Experiencing different measures
Since Napoleon we measure with the metric system. Wherever we are, the size of the metre does not vary. But how does our body and how do our eyes relate to measures in the metric system? When do we perceive differences in size? Which relations of length, width, and height continue to please us?
The plastic number
These are the questions Dom van der Laan asked. Through experiments with pebbles and then with building materials, he discovered a ratio he called the plastic number. The basis for the plastic number is the relationship between measures belonging to a group of measures. They increase or decrease according to the ratio four to three. The parallel in music is the ratio that relates whole and half notes to each other within an octave. The analogy between the plastic number and music goes even further: in music we can play chords, combinations of tones; with the plastic number we can compose walls and rooms and spaces that are in harmony with each other because they relate to each other as objectively as the tones within a musical key. The plastic number is not a particular measure: it disciplines the relationship between the measures we choose.
Experiencing space
Dom van der Laan leads us back to our own experience: You climb a sand dune and look out first over the immense beach and then further to the vast and measureless sea. For a moment you lose yourself. How can you regain your place in the world, a world that has meaning for you because your body can relate to it? We concentrate on only a limited segment of space, concluded Van der Laan; and in that space we ourselves form the centre.
We can differentiate different kinds of space: first the space we live and dwell in; next the space further away, the space we walk through; and finally the wider space we can see but not yet feel as a place for our body. When we build we can give form to the differentiation we experience. Perforated walls on either side of a space bring that space experientially to life. We start according to Van der Laan with the spatial cell—a room. Then we move on to the court—a house and its yard. Finally we reach the domain—a district or town quarter.
How can we bring the three modules of space in relation to each other? How, in other words, can we build a world that literally makes space for our body in a way we can perceive and feel? Van der Laan answers with the experience of neighbourhood, or nearness.
Neighbourhood
Van der Laan begins with an intimate experience. If you hug someone, you contain him: it feels as though he comes inside you—at any rate inside a very clear segment of space. If you see a row of trees, you can approach them till you're in their neighbourhood; when you walk away you know at which point you're no longer in their neighbourhood. A tree welcomes you in its neighbourhood more effectively than a stone or a bush do. Conclusion? Our experience of neighbourhood depends on the size and the form of our potential neighbour, together with our distance from it. And if this is our experience, then we can ask our architecture to make the world be built neighbourly, and therefore knowable and meaningful.
With two stones we can mark the beginning of a path. If we pile more stones on top of them, we get columns. If the columns remain in each other's neighbourhood, they form a gate; if they are too far away from each other, they stand alone as objects. The same thing happens with the walls we build. When we can perceive them as standing in each other's neighbourhood, the space between them comes to life and becomes a knowable space for our body. But our perception of a space between walls at just the right distance from each other demands walls whose thickness we can experience. If the walls are mere surfaces, they have only two dimensions. Our body can't engage with them as with a neighbour.
Proportion
Walls can allow the space between them to be born only if we can experience the measures of the walls in the measure of the space they create. Our experience has led us to a new understanding of proportion. In terms of neighbourhood, proportion is not an abstract recipe but a concrete reality. It all boils down to human perception.
Dom van der Laan conducted experiments to discover how and when we perceive changes in the size of a building block. We don't measure with a measuring tape but with our eyes and with our body. If we experience two blocks or elements as having the same size, we know through measuring them later on that they differ from each other to a small degree. But within a particular margin, we don't perceive them as differing.
When do we say that the two elements no longer have the same size? When they differ by a ratio of four to three, concluded Van der Laan. And since architecture is the craft that involves three dimensions, the Golden Section (which expresses a relationship between two measures only) is not adequate to our perception of space. Via mathematical study Van der Laan arrived at the same ratio of change as in his empirical experiments: 4:3. He christened the proportion the plastic number, thus stressing the fact that architecture comprises spatial—and therefore plastic—forms.
Types and orders of size
Imagine sorting fruit or eggs into groups whose pieces are more or less the same size. Without measuring we can distinguish quite easily which pieces of fruit or which eggs have more or less the same size. Dom van der Laan called them types of size. If we use the plastic number to determine the boundary between one size and the next, then we are left with some elements that are a bit smaller and others that are a bit larger than the perfect measure. We ignore such small differences in our initial sorting of types of size.
What happens when the differences in size are so large that we can no longer perceive by how much they differ? How can we relate a matchstick to a skyscraper? The plastic number gives us an answer.
We can determine as many groups of size as we wish. But, discovered Van der Laan, the sizes of the constituent parts can only remain in relation to each other if the difference between the largest element and the next-largest element does not exceed the size of the smallest element in the group.
How many elements should there be in a group? Van der Laan determined that with seven elements a cohesive group results. The seven elements comprise in Van der Laan's terminology an order of size. If we made the group larger than seven elements, the relation of the elements to each other would suffer. The evidence comes again from music: an octave comprises seven different notes before the eighth, which begins the next octave. Architects can make music of their spaces by attending to measures that relate to each other in a way we can easily perceive.
The UK Independence Party has asked Scotland Yard to investigate the BBC, claiming that comments made about Nigel Farage during an episode of Have I Got News For You might hinder his chances of electoral success.
Mr Farage's staff complained about an episode of the long-running satirical programme broadcast last Friday.
Camilla Long, a Sunday Times journalist who was appearing as a panellist on the programme, was defending an article she had written criticising South Thanet, where Mr Farage is standing to become the area's MP next Thursday .
"I went there more than Nigel Farage, " she said. "By the time I arrived there he'd only been a few times."
Ukip's advisors claimed the comments were inaccurate and that their broadcast by the BBC breached the Representation of the People Act.
Kent Police said it had decided not to open an investigation. A spokesman said: “The matter has been reviewed by officers but there's no evidence of any offences and there will be no further action.”
But Ukip said it had now complained to the Metropolitan Police, because the programme was made in London.
A Ukip source said: “Ms Long's comments in our opinion sought to impact the election and as a result we have found it impossible not to take further action.
“Nigel has been seen in the constituency more than any other candidate according to a Survation poll last week.”
A BBC spokesman said: “Britain has a proud tradition of satire, and everyone knows that the contributors on Have I Got News for You regularly make jokes at the expense of politicians of all parties.”
EAST RUTHERFORD, N.J. - The futures of New York Giants quarterback Eli Manning and wide receiver Odell Beckham Jr. became a bit clearer Friday when Dave Gettleman was introduced as the new general manager. They both appear likely to remain with the team.
Gettleman was hired Thursday to replace Jerry Reese, who was fired after 11 years on the job along with coach Ben McAdoo earlier this month. Gettleman's comments seem to indicate he's on board with keeping his two biggest stars past this season.
"It makes a lot of sense, doesn't it?" Gettleman said when asked whether it would be prudent to re-sign Beckham, who is set to play on his fifth-year option next year. "You know [former Giants general manager] Ernie [Accorsi] told me something a long time ago. Don't quit on talent. Don't quit on talent."
Beckham is not likely to take the field until there is a new deal in place after suffering a season-ending ankle injury in Week 5. He has expressed a desire to be the highest-paid player in football.
"No. 1, who doesn't want a lot of money? Anybody in here not wants a lot of money?" Gettleman said. "Everybody wants a lot of money, guys, OK. I don't know Odell.
"Never met him. I look forward to it. Obviously he's an extremely talented kid and makes stuff happen. We'll have that ... what's that song 'Getting to Know You' and go from there."
Manning has two years remaining on his contract, but he was benched earlier this season -- before being reinstated as the starter -- and the Giants could be selecting second in next year's draft. A franchise quarterback could be in their future.
It doesn't mean Gettleman would necessarily want to move on from Manning immediately.
"I'll address that right now," Gettleman said moments after mentioning that Manning is their quarterback, for now. "Let me tell you something. I don't care what position it is. You can never have too many great players at one position."
Gettleman was a pro personnel executive for the Giants when Manning led them to a pair of Super Bowl triumphs. He thinks there is something left in Manning's soon-to-be 37-year-old body.
"Listen, Eli has won a lot of games. He's a great competitor. He's very intelligent. He and I are going to talk, and, if what I saw in Philadelphia was not a mirage -- and I don't believe it was -- then we'll just keep moving."
Manning had his best game two weeks ago against the Eagles. He threw for over 400 yards and three touchdowns before the Giants were shut out last week by the Arizona Cardinals.
Ownership also appears convinced that Manning and Beckham will be part of the future.
"I still want [Beckham] to be a part of this team in the future, but I think I have to sit with Dave and the new head coach and figure out what is going to happen there," said co-owner John Mara, who added that he believed Manning could still play at a high level. "But let's face it, players with [Beckham's] ability don't come along very often.
"So, yes, I want him to be a part of this team's future."
It seems more a matter of when, not if, with Beckham.
"As to when we actually do the contract, I think that is for discussion," Mara said.
Manning and Beckham were major topics during the Giants' interview process for their new general manager. Mara said he received pretty much the same answer from all the candidates.
The Giants interviewed Gettleman, assistant general manager Kevin Abrams, vice president of player evaluation Marc Ross and ESPN analyst Louis Riddick.
Gettleman knows Manning; he's one of three players remaining on the active roster from Gettleman's first stint with the team.
The new general manager is less familiar with Beckham, aside from an incident in 2015 when he saw Beckham and Josh Norman, then a cornerback for Gettleman's Carolina Panthers, fight on the field for most of the first three quarters. Beckham was suspended for his actions in the contest.
Gettleman isn't going to hold that against the Giants' top playmaker.
"I have no idea what was going on in Odell's head in that game. I have no idea why all that happened. I would want to sit down with Odell and say, 'Why?' The bottom line is shame on me if I have any preconceived notion about guys as people because there is no way in god's green earth, I don't know these guys. Shame on me if I do. Everyone is going to get a fair shake. Believe it."
A school district near Houston has apologized after a 13-year-old student received an award declaring her "Most Likely to Become a Terrorist."
The award was one of several "insensitive and offensive fake mock awards," the Channelview Independent School District said in a statement, and the teachers in question have been disciplined, KHOU in Houston reports.
Lizeth Villanueva, a 13-year-old honors student, received the terrorist award. She told KHOU that her teacher gave her the certificate during a "mock" awards ceremony at Anthony Aguirre Junior High.
"She said that some people might get offended, but she doesn't really care about our feelings," Lizeth told the local news station. "She was laughing about it."
Lizeth and her mom weren't laughing, though. Lizeth told local TV station KPRC that she was "shocked" when the teacher announced her award.
She mentioned the deadly terrorist attack at an Ariana Grande concert in England just days ago. "That's not something to joke around with," she told KPRC.
"It doesn't look like a joke to me," Ena Hernandez, Lizeth's mom, said.
An official with the school district told KPRC that the award was a "poor attempt to poke fun" that "wasn't well thought out."
The Washington Post reports that two honors classes received the fake awards. Other certificates handed out include "most likely to cry for every little thing" and "most likely to become homeless," The Post says.
“For U.S. internationalists, the election of Donald Trump poses a monumental challenge,” wrote Stewart M. Patrick, in a Council on Foreign Relations (CFR) blog, The Internationalist, in reaction to the stunning upset victory of Trump in Tuesday's presidential election. What concerns Patrick is not just Trump himself, but the growth of the anti-globalist movement, noting, “Two decades ago, Patrick J. Buchanan's pitchfork populism attracted no more than twenty percent of the Republican electorate. Today his ideological heir is bound for the White House.”
By his own admission, Patrick is part of the political and economic establishment that has promoted globalism for the past several decades. He is a senior fellow and director of the Program on International Institutions and Global Governance. So this blog article gives us valuable insight into the thinking of the global elite.
“Among its many implications, Donald Trump's election as president calls into question the open liberal international order this country has championed and defended for more than seven decades,” Patrick lamented.
In his blog, Patrick asserted, “Trump won because he recognized and tapped into deep public anxieties about the direction of the United States and its role in the world.” Patrick said the specific concerns that Trump was able to address sufficiently to win the presidency showed that he understood that a growing number of Americans mistrust globalization; are weary of overseas commitments; and are determined to reassert sovereign control over U.S. borders.
Patrick said that Trump successfully challenged the assertion that “international trade benefits both U.S. businesses and consumers.” With millions of American jobs lost over the past several years, it was easy to convince blue-collar workers and anxious middle-class voters that these multilateral trade deals were, in Trump's words, “awful.”
Closely related to this is the rising concern about “overseas commitments.” Patrick noted that Trump did not make this simply a partisan problem, because he lumped Obama and Bush together in their “entangling the United States in endless, pointless wars in Iraq, Afghanistan, Libya, and elsewhere.”
Finally, Trump's campaign theme that the United States must restore its sovereignty likewise struck a responsive chord on election day. While some other Republican candidates have expressed concern about immigration, Patrick argued that Trump resonated with voters because of his “crude simplicity,” with an ability to reduce the concerns to single sentences such as, “A nation without borders is not a nation,” and sometimes the even simpler: “Got to have a country, people.”
After summarizing what Patrick considered the problem of Trump's election and the mood in the electorate that produced it, he offered three ways to “rebuild a bipartisan internationalist consensus in the United States,” which he said “cannot begin soon enough.” In short, while the rebels, or as Hillary Clinton described them, “the deplorables,” have struck a powerful blow against the globalist agenda, it is now time “the Empire strikes back.”
“Restoring faith in the global economy will require persuading U.S. citizens that new international trade agreements crafted to make them less vulnerable can help to deliver on the American Dream,” Patrick proposes. He admits that global trade has caused “titans of finance” to flourish, but far too often “the little guy has been left behind.” What is his solution? More government, naturally. He urges national governments to “intervene in the market to pursue full employment and other social welfare goals.” It is not like this is not already the case — for example, the Obama administration led the way in the expansion of food stamp programs, and other wealth transfer schemes — but most Americans would prefer to have good-paying jobs rather than hand-outs. Losing one's job due to globalization, replacing it with food stamps and other social welfare hand-outs, is hardly the ideal of “the American Dream.”
Second, Patrick contends that Americans must be convinced that internationalism is a good thing, lamenting that it has been a traditional foreign policy for the United States, dating back to George Washington and Thomas Jefferson to steer clear of “entangling alliances.” This changed with World War II, Patrick wrote approvingly, arguing a reversal of our modern interventionist foreign policy would be “a disaster” not only for the United States, but also “the world, which depends on the United States.” Of course, this is exactly what millions of Americans rejected in the latest presidential election — they do not want a foreign policy in which America serves as the world's policeman. They do not want American lives and treasure squandered so as to decide which thug runs Syria, for example.
The third suggestion made by Patrick to beat back the opponents of globalism is that “internationalists must come to terms with a sovereignty-minded public that insists on controlling the U.S. border, retaining freedom of action abroad, and safeguarding U.S. constitutional liberties from foreign encroachments.” Patrick noted that Trump appealed to this concern, sometimes “tinged with an ugly nativism.” According to Patrick, Trump's appeal on this score “boiled down to this: we want our country back --- from illegal immigrants, from international treaties and organizations, and from global elites who neither understand nor care about us.”
Patrick was concerned that this third area “may be the hardest nut to crack,” because the American public must be persuaded that “international cooperation” is the most promising path to U.S. security, prosperity, and well-being.
Certainly, the internationalists such as Patrick had their champion for president in Hillary Clinton. She has long been an ardent supporter of multilateral trade deals, immigration, and international organizations. In an address to the Brazilian megabank, Banco Itau, Clinton succinctly summarized the globalist position: “My dream is a hemispheric common market, with open trade and open borders.”
This “dream” of Clinton's has already been implemented, of course, in Europe, and for many residents of the continent, it is more of a nightmare than a dream. The European Union (EU) gives us a preview of what “open borders” would look like. The resistance to the ultimate goals of the global elite — unrestricted immigration, integrated economies with supra-national governments — is rising in Europe, not just in the United States. The vote of the United Kingdom — Brexit — to leave the EU was a foreshadowing of the results of the American presidential election.
Richard Haass, president of the CFR, which favors globalism, took note of the Brexit vote and warned Clinton of its ramifications. “For Hillary Clinton's campaign, this is something of a warning not to underestimate this disaffection, not [to] underestimate political and economic nationalism.”
Clinton has certainly given every indication that she values the opinion of Haass, and the collective opinion of the CFR. When the CFR opened a new headquarters in Washington, D.C., while Clinton was still secretary of state, Haass introduced her before her remarks that were highly laudatory toward the globalist CFR.
“Thank you very much, Richard, and I am delighted to be here in these new headquarters. I have been often to, I guess, the mother ship in New York City, but it's good to have an outpost of the Council right here down the street from the State Department. We get a lot of advice from the Council, so this will mean I won't have as far to go to be told what we should be doing and how we should think about the future.”
No doubt Clinton's remark was intended somewhat humorously, but the reality is that the CFR has wielded tremendous influence in American presidential administrations since Franklin Roosevelt, whether Democratic or Republican.
Writing in his 2002 Memoirs, David Rockefeller, the longtime chairman of the CFR, was quite blunt in what he and his fellow globalists wished to accomplish. “Some even believe we [the Rockefeller family] are part of a secret cabal working against the best interests of the United States, characterizing my family and me as “internationalists” and conspiring with others around the world to build a more integrated global political and economic structure — one world, if you will. If that's the charge, I stand guilty, and I am proud of it.”
Clearly, Rockefeller was not joking, and, as the American presidential election just past has indicated, the American people are not laughing about this effort to destroy our status as an independent nation. But as Stewart Patrick so clearly puts it in his blog, the global elites are not giving up, despite their repudiation in the latest election.
This is a historical overview of armed conflicts involving India.
Wars in the Indian subcontinent
The following is an exhaustive list of wars and conflicts that were fought in the historic Indian subcontinent. The wars listed below involve three of the prominent empires to rule over the subcontinent — The Mauryas, Mughals and the Marathas. The Company rule in India is also included.
British India (1858–1947)
Following the Indian Rebellion of 1857, the rule of the British East India company came to end and the British crown now began to rule over India directly as per the Government of India Act 1858 through the British Raj. India was now a single empire comprising British India and the Princely states.
Dominion of India (1947–1950)
Following Indian independence, merger of the princely states remained a major question. The partition resulted in the creation of Pakistan.
Republic of India (1950–present)
India has fought many wars and minor conflicts during its period as a republic.
See also
Notes
Oh, for the love of god, mother Times. Are you freaking kidding me?
It's long past the point where many of our major news publications be sent to the dogtrack with their names pinned to their sweaters, at least as far as the Clintons are concerned. Right now, there is substantial evidence that many of them will print anything as long as they can wedge "Clinton," "questions" and "e-mails" into a headline. Of course, if Hillary Rodham Clinton would just hold a press conference, at which every question would feature those three words in some order or another, then we'd all turn to discussing the comprehensive mental health plan that she released to thundering silence on Monday when most of the press was in an Anthony Weiner frenzy. Yes, and I am the Tsar of all the Russias.
But this latest iteration of The Clinton Rules is probably the most egregious one yet. From the Times:
A top aide to Hillary Clinton at the State Department agreed to try to obtain a special diplomatic passport for an adviser to former President Bill Clinton in 2009, according to emails released Thursday, raising new questions about whether people tied to the Clinton Foundation received special access at the department.
That sounds bad. Was the guy trying to smuggle hash in a diplomatic pouch? Visiting Thai brothels in a government jet?
The request by the adviser, Douglas J. Band, who started one arm of the Clintons' charitable foundation, was unusual, and the State Department never issued the passport. Only department employees and others with diplomatic status are eligible for the special passports, which help envoys facilitate travel, officials said.
Well, that's that, then. Let's turn to the sports section and see how the Mets are doing. Wait. What?
Mrs. Clinton's presidential campaign said that there was nothing untoward about the request and that it related to an emergency trip that Mr. Clinton took to North Korea in 2009 to negotiate the release of two American journalists. Mrs. Clinton has long denied that donors had any special influence at the State Department.
Jesus H. Christ on Dancing With The Stars, that's what this is about? Bill Clinton's mission to get two American journalists out the hoosegow of The World's Craziest Place? Wasn't that a triumph? Weren't we all happy about it? Hell, this was so surreptitious and "questionable" that HRC even wrote about it in one of her books.
I thought the bombshell in Tiger Beat On The Potomac about how Bill Clinton questionably availed himself of services to which he was legally entitled as an ex-president was going to be this week's most prominent parody of investigative journalism. (After all, it got to drop the ominous "taxpayer money" into the conversation right next to "private server," which one of the endless parade of dingbats shilling for the Trump campaign used on CNN just this morning.) But this story puts that one in the ha'penny place, as my grandmother used to say.
Ann Johanssen Getty Images
Consider how it is constructed—to believe that there is even any smoke here, let alone any fire, you have to believe that the Clinton Foundation was somehow shady in its dealings with HRC's State Department, which is assuming a lot of actual facts not in evidence. That enables you to believe that an unsuccessful attempt to arrange diplomatic passports for what ultimately was a successful mission of mercy is proof of said shadiness. It also forces you to loan your journalistic credibility to a monkeyhouse like Judicial Watch.
This is crazy. This makes the way Dave O'Brien used to run the ball for Joe McCarthy look like Seymour Hersh on My Lai.
In related developments, The Washington Post revealed Thursday that David Bossie, head of Citizens United and noted stalker of cancer patients, is now part of the high command working to elect El Caudillo del Mar-a-Lago. There are now no rats left unfcked in that operation, and it's going to be damned hard to get a table for Happy Hour Friday night in the cocktail lounge of the Mena Airport.
Click here to respond to this post on the official Esquire Politics Facebook page.
67. You've laid more track in Minecraft than has ever been laid in America.
68. You can scare your friends by sneaking up behind them and hissing like a creeper about to explode.
69. You wish every day was updated day.
70. You're learning to speak Swedish (in the hopes that you'll get updates and rumors faster!)
71. You go from door to door asking people if they've heard about “the miracle of Minecraft.”
72. You revere Notch as if he were a god.
73. You believe all foods are best when cubed.
74. You've downloaded Minecraft music onto your MP3 player (and you listen to it while you work.)
75. You have multiple Minecraft accounts (and play on them simultaneously.)
76. You've eradicated all the monsters in the Nether (and built it up enough that they can't spawn.)
77. You inspire people by telling them that the world is their Minecraft– they can build anything!
78. You've built more full-sized, non-functional vehicles than Leonardo da Vinci could ever have dreamed to draw.
79. You doodle blocks and new structure ideas on notepads when you're on the phone.
80. You visit the Minecraft forums hourly.
81. When you get together with your friends, the first topic to come up is always Minecraft.
82. You've become a professional griefer.
83. You can find your way out of any spawn jail.
84. You're depressed that your watch doesn't just say when dawn and dusk are (but you're crafting one that does.)
85. You start to believe that, in the real world, your spawn point is somewhere far, far up North.
86. You can't understand why punching sheep in the real world doesn't give you wool.
87. You start doing bizarre things in the game (like importing stone from the nether and turning your main world into the nether instead.)
88. You feel compelled to start playing around with gunpowder and TNT in real life.
89. You have plans to make the sun more. . . square.
90. You're building a powerful laser in order to write “MINECRAFT!” on the moon.
91. You contribute trivia to the pages on Minepedia.
92. You can out-creep a creeper.
93. The idea of finding big gold nuggets in real life doesn't excite you anymore.
94. You catch yourself going to the hardware store looking for iron ingots and sticks.
95. You remember Indev.
96. You start getting really skinny (because you don't have to eat food to stay alive in Minecraft!)
97. You start drawing durability bars on your yard and garden tools.
98. You've killed more than your fair share of Spider Jockeys
99. Minecraft is no longer just a game for you.
100. You make at least one comparison every day between the way things work in the real world and the way they work in Minecraft.
101. You write lists and articles about Minecraft.
A patent application for treating colorblindness with augmented reality, filed by the secretive startup company MagicLeap, was approved on Thursday, illustrating a new use for the trendy but nascent technology.
The patent shows an augmented reality device that can be used to diagnose and treat eye issues, specifically color blindness.
Of the 160,000 words in the patent, the most vital idea is near the top, the first of eighteen claims (emphasis is ours):
A wearable augmented reality device configured to be used by a wearer, said device comprising: an augmented reality head-mounted ophthalmic system comprising a wearable augmented reality display platform, said augmented reality head-mounted ophthalmic system configured to pass said light from the world into an eye of a wearer wearing the head-mounted system, said wearable augmented reality display platform comprising a display comprising at least one light source, wherein said wearable augmented reality device is configured to selectively modify said light from the world based on a color detection deficiency of the wearer.
Treating color blindness with technology is an emerging field. There are the EnChroma glasses that work pretty well if you're green-red colorblind, but for other types of colorblindness, there isn't much you can do to see colors. It looks like MagicLeap is trying to use its augmented reality headsets to fill that gap, along with putting your eye doctor out of business.
This overlap of red and green light is what the EnChroma glasses correct.
Color blindness is caused by a problem with the cones in your eyes that discriminate color. Instead of differentiating the wavelengths of light as specific colors, the cones register them as all about the same. It's like what happens when you mix too many colors of paint together and just make brown every time — but instead, the cones in your eyes are doing this to specific colors of light.
Now EnChroma glasses work because they create more distinction between red and green wavelengths of light, so when they reach the cones of your eye, the colors are separated and aren't mixed together.
INVERSE LOOT DEALS Meet the Pod The first bed that learns the perfect temperature for your sleep, and dynamically warms or cools according to your needs. Buy Now
What we can tell from MagicLeap's patent is that it is taking this idea to the next level. There are sensors that allow the device to figure out what colors a person can't see. Then the device amplifies the wavelengths of light so it can apply a filter so none of the colors overlap.
MagicLeap also has lines in the patent for diagnosing other eye conditions like myopia, hyperopia, and astigmatism (to name a few) and then adjusting for that in the augmented reality device. There also appears to be a user menu where you can adjust all these different vision settings manually.
It is still unclear if this device is anywhere near completion, or even if it works. MagicLeap is notoriously tight-lipped, and despite raising $1.4 billion for its augmented reality glasses, it hasn't released even a beta-version of the tech to investors, and it faked its recent AR demo video.
Perhaps unsurprisingly, MagicLeap didn't respond to Inverse's request for a comment on this patent. But if the company can fulfill this patent, their AR headsets will be pretty cool.
Donald Trump offered a rather grim outlook on the nation's future in a wide-ranging speech at a campaign rally Wednesday in Atlanta.
The event got off to a topical start, with Trump reiterating that he believed if the victims of a deadly mass shooting in Orlando, Florida had been armed there would have been fewer casualties. The tone of the speech turned significantly darker when he later pivoted to discussing where he could foresee the country going.
Trump shared a story about a friend with a terminal illness who was expected to live one more month and then outlived that life expectancy.
“He's tough as hell,” Trump said, going on to say that he thought his friend was similar to the United States, which was having “the blood sucked out of us.”
“It's amazing that our country can continue to survive, but you know? Eventually it's not going to survive. Just so you understand. Eventually it's not. This guy's an amazing guy. Our country is an amazing country. It's amazing that our country could be abused so badly and not surv—,” Trump said, trailing off before shouting, “It's just amazing!”
“And continue to survive,” he continued. “But it's not going to continue to survive like this. It can't. It's impossible.”
He then began to detail how disastrous he thought it would be for Hillary Clinton to choose Supreme Court justices. He said putting Clinton in charge of filling vacancies on the high court would turn the United States into “Venezuela.”
“If Hillary gets in, you will have a Supreme Court that will destroy our country as we know it, just remember that. It will destroy. We will have Venezuela,” Trump said. “You see what's happening in Venezuela? We're getting fairly close to that anyway. But we will have Venezuela,” “We will have something you won't even recognize.”
Tottenham striker Emmanuel Adebayor claimed he cannot stop smiling after he was handed a return to the Spurs first-team following the sacking of manager Andre Villas-Boas.
Emmanuel Adebayor said he is happy to be back playing for Tottenham.
• Fitch: Spurs unconvincing
Adebayor was frozen out by Villas-Boas for much of this season and his future at the club appeared to be bleak so long as the Portuguese tactician remained at the helm.
Yet just 48 hours after Villas-Boas was fired, Adebayor was back scoring at White Hart Lane, and while his return ultimately ended in a disappointing Capital One Cup exit at the hands of West Ham, the Togo striker is relieved to be playing once again.
“I've still got my smile on my face. I got a chance, I took it well. I'm very happy,” stated Adebayor, who received a warm reception on his return to the team.
“I was hanging in there waiting for my chance. Tim [Sherwood, Spurs' interim coach] gave me the chance to play football again. Now the most important thing is me scoring goals, confidence is back.”
Adebayor is hoping to start Sunday's Premier League game against Southampton after claiming his team-mates can turn around their season if they play with passion at St Mary's Stadium.
“We just have to keep working hard, put more heart into it and it will be better,” he added. “Hopefully this Sunday we'll have a chance to win it. We have to get out there with confidence, with belief and take the three points.”
Meanwhile, Spurs midfielder Mousa Dembele stressed there is no need for Tottenham players to allow their season to unravel, as he admitted he shares a sense of responsibility for Villas-Boas' sacking.
“I think everyone feels guilty and that's a normal thing,” said the Belgium international. “It's a team sport, it's not one guy that's responsible, everybody is responsible. We are one team, all together.
“We don't have to be negative. It is not that bad. We expect so much of ourselves and we know we can achieve big things. When it doesn't happen you're very disappointed.
“In the last few games we could have done much better, so we have to stay with the same motivation. It has been a tough few days but everybody is still positive. You could see that out on the pitch.”
Germany could close eight additional coal-fired plants as it seeks to reach ambitious climate change targets.
Reuters reports that the government is drafting legislation that would force energy companies to shut the plants down, as it looks to trim 40% from its carbon emissions by 2020.
The country has already planned to decommission 50 coal-fired facilities, but is looking to remove an additional 22 million tonnes from its emissions, after Barbara Hendricks, the environment minister, warned that it was on track to miss the 40% target by up to 8%.
Coal accounts for more than 45% of Germany's electricity supplies, with the amount of coal burnt creeping up over the past few years. After the Fukushima disaster in Japan in 2011, the German government swiftly moved to close eight nuclear reactors, with the gap filled largely by coal.
The government is still moving towards a nuclear-free energy mix by 2022.
It is planned for the three German energy giants RWE, E.ON and Vattenfall to share equally the burden of the new carbon emissions target, with Sigmar Gabriel, Germany's Economic Minister, to meet the companies to discuss the initiative.
Germany is leading Europe's charge against climate change. The EU agreed in October to cut greenhouse gas emissions by 40% by 2030, but Germany is hoping to switch to 45% renewable energy by 2025 and 60% by 2035.
Last year, about 24% of its energy came from solar and wind power, more than any other major industrialised nation. In the first half of 2014, 31% of its power came from renewable sources. Solar and wind increased their output by 28% and 19%, respectively.
John McAfee / Future Tense and Etransfr Unveil Chadder private Messaging App
ROCHESTER, NEW YORK, May 2, 2014 – Future Tense Secure Systems (FTC) in partnership with Etransfr, today released CHADDER private messaging APP at the Imagine RIT festival. CHADDER is a free messaging application that allows anyone to send private encrypted messages.
“CHADDER is an unprecedented messaging platform. We have developed this highly secure system with an extraordinary team of developers at the prestigious RIT (Rochester Institute of Technology) “said John McAfee, Founder of FTC. “CHADDER is a fun and easy to use messaging App that happens to keep your communications private. So private that we can't see it ourselves”
CHADDER keeps your information safe by using key server encryption. When you send a message, all CHADDER can see is the encrypted text. No one has the key to unlock your message except the person receiving the text, making your communication private again!
“The social media industry is built around the consumer also being the product. CHADDER is here to prove that young people want privacy just as much as adults do. The application is simple and straight forward with a lot of power given to the user.” said Lexi Sprague, Founder of Etransfr . “At the end of the day it is about giving privacy and control back to the user without scaring them off with complicated log in and messaging processes. The team behind the program CHADDER believes there needs to be a balance between usability and privacy!”
CHADDER Android version is available for Download on Google Play and Windows Phone Store , IOS version is currently being tested and will available on ITunes in the following weeks.
About Future Tense Systems
FTC is a software development company offering innovative mobile and web applications with the highest degree of security and privacy. Founded by software pioneer John McAfee, founder of McAfee Anti-Virus and Tribal Voice, which developed Pow-Wow, one of the first instant messaging programs. FTC products include DCENTRAL1, CHADDER, and numerous other privacy and security solutions are under development.
www.futuretensecentral.com
www.chadder.im
follow us on Twitter @FTCCORP OR @ChadderForAll #CHADDERFORALL
Boston surgeons successfully performed the first-ever penis transplant in the U.S. earlier this month, according to the New York Times.
Thomas Manning lost his penis to cancer, and the Halifax, Massachusetts, bank courier underwent a 15-hour transplant operation over May 8 and 9, receiving the penis from a deceased male.
Dr. Curtis L. Cetrulo, a plastic and reconstructive surgeon who served as the Massachusetts General Hospital surgical team's leader, told the Times that they're “cautiously optmistic,” calling the experimental procedure “uncharted waters.”
“I want to go back to being who I was,” Manning told the Times from his hospital room, noting that he was comfortable speaking publicly about the transplant in hopes that it would quell the stigma around genital cancer. Though he told the Times he wasn't quite ready to look at his new organ yet.
Manning's penile cancer was discovered in 2012, and he underwent a partial penectomy, which left him with what the Times called “a stump about an inch long.” The physical change made life difficult for Manning: “I couldn't have a relationship with anybody.”
RELATED VIDEO: Watch This Man See New York for the First Time Through a Bionic Eye
Previous penis transplants in other countries have been both successful and unsuccessful, with a South African university operation giving a man not only a new organ last year, but also the ability to father a child, according to NBC News. China also reported a transplant – though unsuccessful – in 2006.
Cetrulo told the Times that Manning should be able to urinate normally in just a few weeks, and will have sexual function in his penis within a few months. Manning has only had one serious complication, hemorrhaging the day after his surgery. After another stint in the operating room, though, Manning told the Times that recovery has been smooth sailing.
Sony launched its Concept for Android initiative all the way back in the summer of last year as a means to get early feedback on future software releases from real-world users. A year and a half later, the project lives on and everyone can get on board. Well, everyone with an Xperia X in Europe, but that's still pretty liberal.
Sony reached out to us and sent an Xperia X our way for us to try out its beta Nougat firmware. What's typically been the case in the past with Sony custom Android builds is to add a small feature here and there (one was called Small Apps) - useful and unobtrusive, and bundle a few in-house multimedia apps - for example the Walkman-branded music player. Well, the Small apps were retired at one point, and Walkman turned into Music but kept its core functionality.
But before we go over what you can expect to find on Sony Nougat builds, we'll just quickly walk you through the process of signing up for the program and installing the firmware.
For starters, it's not like your average OTA update - you need to go the Play Store and download the Concept Installer app to be able to get the firmware. The installer is only 2MB in size, but the firmware is a pretty hefty download at 1173MB, so you better have the internet connection to handle it.
The new firmware will wipe the storage, too, so be sure to back up first.
The good news is that if you decide at a later point that you no longer want to be using the experimental firmware, you can easily revert to the consumer-grade releases.
Concept Installer in the Play Store  Firmware download
So, Nougat boots, we go through the initial setup process, and we're greeted by the homescreen. For a brief instant, we thought the process must have failed as nothing seemed changed. Well, it wasn't, it was Nougat alright.
So we set out to find Sony's customizations to this otherwise stock Android build. The first one is immediately visible, and a most welcome one too - a percentage indicator in the battery icon in the status bar. Why Google insists on not having that in vanilla Android 7 is beyond us, so kudos to Sony for adding it.
Lockscreen looks the same  ...until the Nougat notifications show up  The usual homescreen
While we're up there, pulling down the notification shade results in the same animation as on the Pixels, and just as on Google's own phones, there's no Auto brightness toggle - and it all started so great with the battery indicator.
The Settings menu follows closely Google's arrangement, there are no different interpretations on how stuff should be grouped. Sony has thrown some color into the whole thing instead of Google's plain blue icons - okay, perhaps it makes the sections more easily recognizable.
Notification area  Nope, no Auto brightness  Settings
Sony is offering the default way of opening the app drawer. There is none of the fancy slide up action we've seen in the Pixel phones.
App drawer  Suggestions  App management  Sorting options
Sony's take on the subject allows for some more functionality, though, all of it familiar from the Marshmallow builds. A whole tab of suggestions, both local and from the Play Store, multiple sorting options, and mass removal mode (sort of) add a fair bit extra functionality compared to Google's barebones app drawer. None of it is new, though - it's all been part of Sony's customizations for a while now.
Xperia Nougat and um.. vanilla Nougat
Sony's Camera, for one, is here to stay. The custom app was thoroughly reworked for the Xperia X launch and it only makes sense for Sony to stick with it.
Sony Camera app interface
What's gone missing are the multimedia apps. Instead, it's the Google suite all the way - Photos for gallery, Play Music for music play, and for video - well, nothing. There are a couple of email apps, but the generic Email can be removed (proper removed, not just disabled) so you can go with Gmail. Whatever is left of Sony's home-brewed apps - What's New, Xperia Lounge, and InTouch can be deleted too.
Speaking of InTouch, it's part of the essence of the whole Concept for Android project. It gives you a direct line of communication with Sony engineers, it lets you report issues, and share experiences with other participants.
Sony InTouch
So as you can see, not much has changed with the Concept for Android Nougat release for the Sony Xperia X. To be honest, we like that Sony hasn't abandoned the customizations it's offered on recent Android builds, and we appreciate being able to remove what's not to our taste.
We're sure Sony fans will like to see the program available to the other current models in the company's portfolio. So far, we have no information when that may happen.
President Vladimir Putin offered carrots and sticks as he presented plans to shore up Russia's capsized economy in his annual state of the nation address on Thursday.
Putin extended full amnesty for Russians repatriating offshore money, in an effort to counter capital outflows, which, officials say, are expected to rise above $145 billion (117 billion euros) this year alone.
"If a person legalises his assets and property in Russia, he receives firm legal guarantees...that there will be no questions from tax authorities or law enforcement agencies," he announced in Moscow.
"We all know that money has different origins, but I am convinced that the offshore chapter in our economic history must be closed for good."
Ruble in a tailspin
Russia's involvement in the Ukraine crisis has triggered a slew of crippling sanctions by the West, which have sent the country careening towards its first recession in six years and the ruble into a tailspin.
The 62-year-old President said he had ordered the central bank and government to take "tough actions" to stop ruble speculation after the currency tumbled to new all-time lows this week.
"I ask the Bank of Russia and the government to carry out tough coordinated actions to discourage the so-called speculators from trading on the fluctuations of the Russian currency," he said.
Recapitalising banks
Putin also said that he would tap the country's "rainy day" funds to prop up domestic banks hit by the sanctions and inject more money into the economy.
"We have a large amount of internal savings, they should become effective investments," Putin told members of parliament and other top officials attending the speech.
"Using our reserves, firstly, the National Wealth Fund, I propose to...recapitalise leading domestic banks with funds offered...to use for lending to the most important projects in the real sector of economy."
Russia's second- and third-largest banks, VTB and Gazprombank, have asked for up to 250 billion rubles (3.8 billion euros, $4.7 billion), plus 100 billion in additional support, to meet increased credit demand.
The National Wealth Fund, meant to cover future pension shortages, stood at $81.7 billion as of November 1.
No scaling back
Putin insisted that he would not sever ties with the West, even though relations are at their lowest level since the Cold War.
"Under no circumstances are we going to scale back our ties with Europe, America, at the same time we will revive and expand traditional ties with the south of the American continent, will continue cooperation with Africa, with countries in the Middle East."
pad/uhe (AP, AFP, Reuters)
Authorities in Bessemer are investigating a homicide after a 19-year-old man was shot dead Wednesday near a Citgo gas station on Fourth Avenue.
Bessemer police investigate a shooting near a gas station on Fourth Avenue on Wednesday, Feb. 8, 2017.
Bessemer police officers found the male laying on the ground while answering a call about a person shot in an alley beside the gas station at 3:54 p.m. Sgt. Cortice Miles said the unidentified victim did die at the scene.
Investigators collected multiple shell casings at the scene, meaning many shots were fired. Miles said he doesn't know how many times the victim was shot or the motive behind the shooting. Police believe a vehicle is involved in the shooting, but did give a description.
Additional information about the shooting was not released at this time.
No arrests have been made in the case. Multiple witnesses agreed to be interviewed by police.
Miles said it was disheartening to hear that the first victim of the year was a young man.
21-year-old Alabaster man fatally shot; found in wrecked car in Bessemer Julian Garcia was discovered wounded in a wrecked vehicle at 4:05 a.m. Sunday. He was pronounced dead a short time later.
"Being 19 years old is definitely young," Miles said. "You're at the point when you're right at your teen years and you're going into your 20s. So that is a very pivotal time. And unfortunately, this person didn't make it."
Updated at 8 p.m. to show this was not the first homicide of the year in Bessemer.
Donovan McNabb has passed for 37,276 yards with 234 touchdowns. He's been to six Pro Bowls, most recently in 2009, and has led teams to six division titles and five conference championship games. Yet, he's not one of the 133 quarterbacks on current NFL rosters, which allow for up to 90 players.
McNabb has reportedly dropped 20 pounds this offseason. The 35-year-old has expressed a desire to continue his playing career. On Thursday night, the third overall pick of the 1999 NFL Draft told NBC SportsTalk that there's an 80-to-90 percent chance he'll be on an NFL roster at the start of the 2012 regular season.
Wyche: Summer subplots We've reached the dog days of summer, but Steve Wyche has five tantalizing storylines to follow into training camp.
We've reached the dog days of summer, buthas five tantalizing storylines to follow into training camp. More ...
"I have about three teams that I'm looking at," McNabb said.
"I think teams are looking at what they have. They're evaluating their young quarterbacks, their backup situation," McNabb said. "Obviously, their starters they feel very confident in, but if things were to go wrong in training camp, or maybe the competition isn't where they need it to be, they'll obviously pick up the phone and call."
McNabb declined to identify the teams he's looking at, but did shed some light on what he's looking for. Ideally, he'd play for a team that has a "solid running game, weapons on the outside, a defense that's been playing well and playing well together, and that's ready to win right now."
Based on McNabb's description, the first team that comes to mind is the Arizona Cardinals. Kevin Kolb, McNabb's former Philadelphia Eagles understudy, is scheduled to compete with John Skelton for the Cardinals starting job this summer. McNabb makes his offseason home in Arizona and is neighbors with head coach Ken Whisenhunt. The Cardinals have a good running game, Larry Fitzgerald and first-round pick Michael Floyd on the outside, and a defense that really came on strong late last season under first-year coordinator Ray Horton.
Earlier this offseason, McNabb said that he'd vote for himself if he were a candidate for entry into the Pro Football Hall of Fame. On Thursday night, he said that his father, Sam McNabb, would be his presenter.
"He's the guy who, obviously, gave me the opportunity to have life," McNabb said of his father. "He's also taught me, through the years, making sure that each time I step out on the field -- if it's training, if it's running, if it's playing, that you be the best. And the only way you do that is by starting up in your brain and having your body follow it. Work ethic starts where everyone understands that you're putting that extra foot forward in order to be the best."
NEW DELHI: The Asian Development Bank (ADB) has slashed India's GDP growth forecast for the current fiscal to 7 per cent from 7.4 per cent owing to weakness in private consumption, manufacturing output and business investment.
The 7 per cent GDP growth expected in 2017-18 is lower than 7.1 per cent recorded in 2016-17 and its earlier projection of 7.4 per cent in July.ADB pencilled in 7.4 per cent for 2018-19, down from the earlier forecast of 7.6 per cent in July.It was, however, bullish on growth gaining traction on reforms. "Private consumption is expected to pick up on the back of low inflation and anticipated wage hikes. Manufacturing is also likely to bounce back as the sector adjusts to the new tax regime," the multilateral lending agency said in an update on its Asian Development Outlook (ADO) 2017.The ADB raised its forecast for Chinese economic growth to 6.7 per cent in 2017 from 6.5 per cent and upped its estimate for 2018 to 6.4 per cent from 6.2 per cent.India's growth fell to a 3-year low of 5.7 per cent in the April-June quarter of 2017-18 "due to lingering effects from demonetisation and transitory challenges related to the new goods and services tax (GST) regime", it said."Weakness in private consumption, manufacturing output, and business investment has resulted in lowering the short-term growth outlook for the country," it added.On the June quarter dip in expansion, it said growth in private consumption and industry declined compared to previous quarters. Fixed capital formation grew by a sluggish 1.6 per cent, indicating a sharp slowdown in private investment.Government consumption and services, however, continued to buoy economic activity."India's ambitious reforms agenda will lead to higher long-run growth for its economy," said Yasuyuki Sawada, ADB Chief Economist. "Despite the short-term hiccups as firms adapt to the national GST, we believe that continued reform progress will help India remain one of the world's most dynamic emerging economies."Moving forward, the Update notes that forecasts for the rest of the current fiscal will be more bullish as private consumption is expected to gather pace on the back of low inflation and anticipated wage hikes.Manufacturing is also likely to bounce back as the sector adjusts to the new tax regime while services will remain robust as trade and transport services revive with the easing of cash constraints."Investment growth, however, is likely to remain muted in 2017-18 as budgetary constraints limit government expenditure. Growth will further pick up in 2018-19 as the new tax regime improves domestic competitiveness and government efforts to improve health of the banking sector aid private investment to yield results," the bank said.Inflation, on the other hand, is expected to average 4 per cent in the current year and 4.6 per cent in the next, significantly lower than the previous estimates of 5.2 per cent and 5.4 per cent, respectively.The report underlined the commitment by Indian policymakers to meet the fiscal deficit target in 2017-18, despite the presence of some risks in the form of lower non-tax revenue and a slow start to the disinvestment of public sector enterprises.Tax collections are likely to gather speed as firms adjust to the new tax regime, it said."Strong global growth and an improved business climate will help India's exports grow at a faster pace in 2017-18 and 2018-19. Efforts to improve domestic demand will also spur import growth as private investment picks up, thereby widening the current account deficit compared to the past couple of years," it said.ADB noted that government efforts to liberalise foreign ownership caps across sectors and foster a friendly investment climate will help attract stable foreign direct investment flows and comfortably finance the current account deficit.It has upped its forecast for growth in developing Asia -- comprising 45 countries in the Asia Pacific -- to 5.9 per cent in 2017 from 5.7 per cent, and 5.8 per cent in 2018 from 5.7 per cent.
The Taliban have a new target: beer and bratwurst.
In perhaps their most bizarre threat to date, Taliban insurgents in Afghanistan have threatened to bomb the Oktoberfest festival in Munich, Germany, which attracts millions of visitors ever year, along with several landmark buildings and government officials.
The threats, while perhaps farfetched, follow a series of warnings from the Taliban and Al Qaeda and underscores a concerted effort by the insurgents to weaken Germany's resolve for the fight in Afghanistan.
Germany has responded by banning all air flights over Munich for the rest of the 16-day festival, which ends Oct. 4.
The threats were delivered in a series of videotapes issued by the Taliban on Friday, the Guardian reported. One features a German-speaking militant named Ajjub.
The videos coincide with a recent warning to Germany issued by Osama Bin Laden, delivered in Arabic with German subtitles, as The Christian Science Monitor reported.
In fact, for the past two weeks, in the runup to Germany's elections on Sunday, the Taliban and Al Qaeda have issued several messages, as Germany's Deutsche Welle news service reports.
Whether the Taliban have the capacity to carry out an international terrorist attack remains to be seen. To date, their attacks have all taken place in Afghanistan, or in Pakistan by related militant groups.
The messages are meant to play upon deep divisions in Germany between the government and the public over the war in Afghanistan. Germany has 4,200 troops in Afghanistan, and 35 have been killed since 2002. Most political parties are committed to continuing the mission. But public support for the war effort has flagged, and took a particular dive after a September airstrike in Afghanistan – called in by German troops and executed by American planes – left dozens of civilians dead. Polls suggest that the German public wants to reduce or pull out altogether its troops on the ground.
Noting that dismay, German political parties tried to keep the Afghan mission out of political debates, reports Radio Free Europe. But now that the elections are over, the debate is likely to return to the fore.
In an editorial last week, the Christian Science Monitor advised:
On the night of Friday, September 25, Chris Sanna walked out of Busch Stadium, probably for the last time.
He and his brothers had just taken their mother to a Cardinals game. It was her 60th birthday. Sanna, a 43-year-old military veteran from House Springs, was departing early with his girlfriend in the ninth inning because he had to work the next morning.
Around 10:30 p.m. the couple headed east down Walnut Street and toward the Old Cathedral parking lot to fetch their car. That's when a short man with long dreadlocks sprung from an idling vehicle and demanded their valuables.
Sanna's girlfriend handed over her purse. The robber pulled a handgun. The couple tried to flee, but the assailant shot Sanna in the back. As the former soldier lay on the ground, the man rifled through his pockets, reportedly saying, "Bitch, give me all your stuff."
The bullet punctured Sanna's lungs and liver, and also severed part of his spine, paralyzing him. Doctors now say he may never walk again. A suspect — 31-year-old Kilwa C. Jones of the Gravois Park neighborhood — has already been arrested and charged for the act. Sanna's mother says she's relieved Jones can't victimize anyone else.
But Sanna surely won't be the last victim.
Crime in the city of St. Louis is rising. At the end of August, aggravated assaults were up 18 percent over last year. Robberies were up 36 percent.
Most alarmingly, homicides were up 60 percent — and this in a metropolis that last year suffered the nation's highest homicide rate among cities with more than 100,000 people, according to new U.S. Department of Justice statistics.
St. Louis is not alone in seeing a spike. In Milwaukee, murders are reportedly up 76 percent. Baltimore, Washington, D.C., New Orleans and Kansas City have all posted double-digit percent increases in this category.
Yet the city of St. Louis is on pace to hit 200 murders this year — a grim total not seen here in two decades. And the blame game has begun.
Chief of Police Sam Dotson is accusing circuit judges of being too lenient on dangerous criminals. Aldermen criticize Mayor Francis Slay for lacking a coherent strategy against crime — and are threatening to block funding for a new football stadium until he gets serious. The mayor, in turn, points out that legislation to hire more officers has been languishing in the board of aldermen for nearly a year now. And the cops we do have been either too aggressive or not aggressive enough, depending on whom you ask.
Meanwhile, the body count rises.
So what does the hard data say? Myths are many, and they cling stubbornly, but the actual data is important. Only by finding a common base of fact can we take a sober look at the problem — and then address it intelligently.
Forget the political posturing for a moment. Here are ten important facts about St. Louis' murder problem. Not all are politically correct. Not all point to easy solutions. But all are demonstrably true.
1. We've Been Here Before
The worst year on record for homicides in St. Louis was 1993, when the city saw 267 victims. That's more than what's anticipated for this year.
True, the city was also more populous back then, with about 387,000 inhabitants, compared to 317,000 today. So to meaningfully compare then and now, you have to look not at the raw number of victims, but at the ratio of victims per residents.
Even by that measure, the early '90s were worse.
In 1993 the city's homicide rate was 69 victims per 100,000 people, according to the DOJ. Last year, the city's rate was 50. This year, we may reach a rate of 63. That would be the highest in more than twenty years. It's a tragic number, but it's not exactly unprecedented.
Nor can we be sure that this year isn't just a temporary bump. Since 1998 the city's homicide rate has changed direction ten times, falling a total of 40 points and rising a total of 57.
That's a net rise, and it demands a response. Yet it doesn't totally clarify where we're headed — or for how long.
2. City Homicides Are Highly Concentrated
For years, researchers have observed how crimes tend to cluster on a map. But even Richard Rosenfeld, a criminologist at the University of Missouri-St. Louis who regularly consults with city police, was surprised when he recently crunched the numbers from 2000 through 2014. He found that half of St. Louis' violent crime was concentrated on just 5 percent of city blocks.
"I didn't expect it to be that extreme," says Rosenfeld. The professor declined to specify which city blocks suffered the most violence, because these "hot spots" are not necessarily consistent over time. Some flare up as others cool off.
"There's movement at the top of the list," he says.
A Riverfront Times analysis of police data certainly reveals a pattern: Since 2008, about 80 percent of homicides have occurred in just a third of city neighborhoods.
The vast majority of those neighborhoods — including the three with the highest numbers, Wells Goodfellow, JeffVanderLou and Baden — lie in north St. Louis, although a few, such as Dutchtown and Gravois Park, are on the south side (see map). And within such neighborhoods, Rosenfeld says, crime can vary sharply from block to block.
By contrast, dozens of neighborhoods in the central and southern corridors of the city have seen no more than three homicides since 2008. Some, such as South Hampton and Wydown Skinker, have seen zero.
"There's a perception that, 'I will be targeted if I go downtown,'" says Chief Dotson. "But the number of cases I see are few and far between."
The stats support Dotson's claim: Downtown and Downtown West each averaged fewer than three homicides annually from 2008 through 2014. Consider that figure next to the 23.3 million fans who went to a game at Busch Stadium during those years, to say nothing of Rams games, Blues games, festivals, concerts, museums, or even those who live and work downtown.
That's not to suggest that everything's rosy near the Arch. If you lump together Downtown and Downtown West, aggravated assaults are up 60 percent. Perhaps that's partly why former county police chief Tim Fitch recently proposed a lockbox for sports fans to check their guns at sporting events — some people feel safer packing a pistol while walking back to the car after a game.
And while robberies haven't increased in those two neighborhoods this year, they do sometimes turn fatal. Recall the case of the three teens parked behind the City Museum just after midnight on January 11. They were held up at gunpoint, and after a struggle ensued over one victim's purse, another — nineteen-year-old Robert Christman, a recent graduate of DeSmet Jesuit High School — was shot in the head and killed.
But when it comes to homicides in general, it's worth noting where this year's jump is occurring. Our statistical analysis shows the bulk of it — 72 percent, to be exact — has happened outside the downtown area and north of Highway 40.
For years when I travelled abroad, people would often inquire about my name and nationality. I, of course, would answer without hesitation: “I am Israeli”.
Recently, however, I learned that there are no Israelis in Israel. Sounds odd? It does to me, particularly considering that there are Egyptians in Egypt, Germans in Germany, Mexicans in Mexico, and Canadians in Canada. So why are there are no Israelis in Israel? Because the Israeli Supreme Court ruled on the matter in early October, stating that there is no proof of the existence of a uniquely “Israeli” people.
Three High Court justices rejected a petition filed by several Israelis who had requested a change in the registration in their identity cards. The plaintiffs in the registration case were asking that the Interior Ministry write “Israeli” instead of making the distinction between Jewish, Arab, or Druze in their nationality category.
Headed by Supreme Court President Chief Justice Asher Grunis, the three-judge panel declared that it was not the court's mandate to determine new categories of nationality. Justice Hanan Melcer also noted that in the current situation “citizenship and nationality were separate”, adding that there was no reason to create a new nationality that would unite the different people living in Israel under a single inclusive identity. Such a move, he insisted, “was against both the Jewish nature and the democratic nature of the State”.
The crux of the matter is that the High Court fears that if Israeli citizens are allowed to be categorised in the state registry as Israeli instead of Jewish, Arab, or Druze then the Jewish character of the state will be jeopardised. The plaintiffs, on the other hand, maintain that in its ruling the Court has, in effect, totally ignored the obligations outlined in Israel's Declaration of Independence, which promises full equality among all of the state's citizens, regardless of religion, race or sex.
Professor Uzzi Ornan, a Jerusalem-born 90-year-old linguist, who initiated the appeal over a decade ago, was quoted as saying, “The government consensus that has developed ignores the existence of an Israeli people that was created with the Declaration of Independence.”
[Prof Uzzi Ornan] notes that the ruling has implications for diaspora Jews who according to Israeli law have "the right of return" and can become Israeli citizens whenever they wish.
“This consensus,” Ornan continued, “enables the Jewish majority to have full control over the country and to operate not for the benefit of Israeli citizens but for the benefit of the current political majority among the Jews.”
Fear of unity
Precisely because the Court understands just how important political identities are, both in terms of a politics of recognition and as a form of social control, it adamantly refused to open this Pandora box. The engineered distinction between the Arab and Druze has, for example, been crucial for producing separate social groups and hampering efforts to forge solidarity among Israel's Palestinian population. Moreover, after years of political activism, I have come to understand that the most feared solidarity in Israel is actually the one between Jews and Palestinians. Granted that most Palestinians would not want to identify as Israeli, the Court, as an instrument of the state, was unwilling to allow the creation of a category that potentially could - officially and formally - unify these currently divided groups
In the deliberations, Justice Uzi Vogelman justified his position by explaining that a “person cannot be a member of two nationalities. If we recognise an Israeli nationality, then the people of Jewish nationality in Israel would have to choose between the two: if they are Israeli, then they are not Jews; or if they are Jews, then they cannot be Israeli; and the same for the other minorities [in Israel]”. Justice Melcer agreed.
Prof Ornan found this statement peculiar and recently decided to submit an appeal to the Court. He notes that the ruling has implications for diaspora Jews who according to Israeli law have “the right of return” and can become Israeli citizens whenever they wish. On what basis, Ornan ponders, can the Israeli High Court of Justice determine the nationality of diaspora Jews, who are members of different nationalities? Jews in Turkey choose to be Turkish, in France, French, and in Italy, Italian. How, Ornan asks, can the Court deny these Jews the right to be members of more than one nationality, since according to the view expressed by the two Justices, one cannot belong to more than one nationality.
The ruling exposed one of the contradictions currently informing the Zionist project. On the one hand, the Court was desperate to deny the identification of all residents of Israel as Israeli since this could inadvertently advance the idea of a state for all its citizens and undermine the existing national distinctions. On the other hand, the Court had to adopt a position that is incongruent with another well ingrained Zionist policy: Namely, that all diaspora Jews not only have a right to move to Israel without giving up their previous nationality, but that these Jews are in some sense connected to Israel simply by being Jewish. In order to uphold the existing divisions among the residents of Israel, the judges were willing, in effect, to undermine the age old Zionist policy of binding - willingly or not - diaspora Jews to Israel.
While this contradiction of Zionism is being played out, Jewish Israelis travelling abroad will have to decide how to identify, because Israelis they apparently are not.
Neve Gordon is the author of Israel's Occupation and can be reached through his website.
TRENTON — Veteran prosecutors and defense attorneys said Friday the government faces a formidable challenge in building a public corruption case against Sen. Robert Menendez, who is reportedly under investigation by a federal grand jury in Miami over his relationship with a wealthy donor.
Menendez has intervened with federal agencies on several occasions to advance the business interests of Salomon Melgen, a Florida eye doctor who is one of his biggest supporters. Records show the senator's help was often followed by tens of thousands of dollars in campaign contributions from Melgen.
“You must show a specific connection between whatever thing of value you are alleging was given and an official act,” Stanley Brand, a veteran Washington defense lawyer on public corruption cases, said in a telephone interview. “The (Justice) Department has shied away from it because it's so difficult.”
In January, FBI agents raided Melgen's offices in West Palm Beach and left with dozens of boxes of documents, although they have never said what they were investigating. But the incident set off a series of revelations about the decades-long friendship between the two men.
Now a federal grand jury is looking into the ties between Menendez and Melgen, who has provided Menendez with round-trip flights to his home in the Dominican Republic, the Washington Post reported Thursday. The FBI and the U.S. Attorney's Office in Miami declined to comment.
Brand and other experts said the close friendship between Menendez and Melgen will make criminal charges hard to prove beyond a reasonable doubt because the two men can claim their personal relationship was a two-way street rather than a sinister arrangement.
“I've been around this stuff for 40 years,” Brand said. “I can't remember the department bringing a case based on what we know at this point.”
Menendez, a Democrat from Hudson County, has faced intense scrutiny since federal agents raided Melgen's medical offices two months ago and news reports tied the investigation to anonymous and unsubstantiated allegations that the senator had sex with prostitutes, some underage, in the Dominican.
Menendez has vehemently denied the claims as a political conspiracy intended to thwart his rise through the Democratic Party ranks, and coinciding with assumption of the influential chairmanship of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee.
CONNECT
WITH US On mobile or desktop: • Like Star-Ledger Politics on Facebook • Follow @cbaxter1 on Twitter And check out our redesigned mobile site by visiting NJ.com from any mobile browser.
One woman who accused the senator of sexual allegations has recanted her story.
Still, the flurry of attention revealed that in January, Menendez reimbursed Melgen $58,500 for two round-trip flights he had taken to the Dominican Republic on the doctor's private jet more than two years earlier but had not disclosed, in violation of Senate rules.
Menendez said the lapse was an oversight during a busy travel schedule.
Beyond the trips, more substantive accusations of ethical misconduct have come to dog the veteran senator.
The New York Times reported that Menendez had publicly and privately interceded on behalf of Melgen over a disputed Dominican contract to provide cargo scanning that was worth up to $500 million.
The Washington Post reported that in 2009 and 2012 Menendez spoke with top federal health officials about a finding that Melgen had overbilled Medicare by nearly $9 million.
Records show that each time Menendez helped his friend, campaign donations flowed his way. For example, after Menendez brought up the billing dispute last June, Melgen wrote a $300,000 check to a super PAC that spent $582,500 to back Menendez during the fall Senate race, according to campaign records.
Paul Brubaker, a spokesman for Menendez, did not return calls for comment Friday.
But on Thursday, Brubaker told the Washington Post, “As we have said all along, we welcome any review because Senator Menendez's actions have always been appropriate, and we believe the facts will confirm that.”
Experts contacted by The Star-Ledger cautioned that prosecutors often use grand juries as investigative tools, and their use does not necessarily mean they believe they have enough to indict or even intend to take it that far.
Daniel Stein, a former assistant U.S. attorney in the New York who has led many corruption prosecutions, said proving the thousands of dollars that Melgen gave Menendez and political organizations was in exchange for his help will take strong evidence like recordings or cooperating witnesses.
“The prosecution has to show there was an explicit quid pro quo between the donor and the recipient,” Stein said.
If investigators plan to build a case around benefits other than campaign contributions, he said, they would not have to show as clear a connection but would still have to prove an intention on Melgen's behalf to provide something of value in return for an official action.
“You'd have to show whatever favorable actions the senator took were done because of the official action and not their friendship,” Stein said.
Ross Baker, a political science professor at Rutgers University who is an expert in congressional affairs, said Republicans would undoubtedly cause an uproar in the unlikely event Menendez was indicted.
“I suspect people would call for him to lose his chairmanship and to step down,” Baker said.
Star-Ledger staff writer Jarrett Renshaw contributed to this report.
Isaiah Thomas wants the Celtics to back up the Brinks truck and pay him max money.
That's not written for dramatic effect, but rather something Thomas himself has said. Again and again. Thomas, who finished fifth in MVP voting this past season, clearly views himself as a max contract guy, and given his impact on the Celtics this past season (53 wins, the No. 1 seed in the East) along with the payments doled out to worse point guards over the last two years, it's getting pretty hard to argue with him.
Naturally, the counterpoints are there. It's often said that at 5-foot-9, he's too small for max money. He's coming off a potentially career-altering hip injury. And his suspect-at-best defense is too much of a liability to ever make him a max player.
But at the same time, there really is no argument.
The Celtics are going to make Thomas a max guy, and their recent moves -- combined with moves they didn't make -- and a shift towards a more ‘position-less lineup' speak to that inevitability.
It should almost go without saying that it was always going to take a lot for the Celtics to walk away from Thomas, a player that averaged 28.9 points per game last season. Only Russell Westbrook (31.6) and James Harden (29.1) averaged more. Thomas also dropped 245 three-pointers a year ago, which was not only a Celtics record, but finished as the fifth-most in all of the NBA behind Steph Curry, Klay Thompson, Harden, and Eric Gordon. In a league that's become so heavily dictated by three-pointers thanks to the basketball machine that's been built in Golden State, that's worth close to max money.
In fact, the only reason that the C's should have and would have decided that Thomas was not a max player, Paul George, landed with the Thunder and not the Celtics.
Had the all-world George been acquired by the C's, and assuming his acquisition would not have altered Gordon Hayward's decision to sign here, this would be a different discussion in an offseason in which both I.T. and the 27-year-old George would have been free agents. But George wasn't traded here, and it's unlikely to imagine the Celtics suddenly emerging as favorites for him when he does indeed hit the open market.
And when that possibility officially exited stage West, the Celtics' new Big Three was set: It's Al Horford, Hayward, and Thomas. The club's decision to move on from Avery Bradley confirmed that Thomas is the face of their backcourt for this championship window, too. Specifically with what the Celtics acquired in the Bradley deal in versatile big Marcus Morris, and what they said no to (the Clippers offered guard Lou Williams).
“I think that just with managing payroll and — I mean, it's not money management, right? It's cap management— and with the abundance of guys we think can play the 2, including Jayson [Tatum], Jaylen [Brown], Terry Rozier, Marcus Smart, and Gordon Hayward, we have a lot of guys at that position,” Celtics president Danny Ainge said after the Bradley deal. “So we were thin more at the 4/3, so from that standpoint it sort of served two purposes: Creating opportunities for some of the young guys to play, and playing a little bit bigger, which we felt like we needed to get with a smaller point guard.”
This is the Celtics beginning to build their team around Thomas.
It's the Celtics, who added more size with rim-protecting free agent Aron Baynes just days ago, confirming that they are going to build around their perceived weakness (a lack of size from their star point guard) in an attempt to nullify it. Given the versatility of literally everybody else on the roster -- Thomas is the only player that's really stuck at playing just one position, even after the Celtics added another four pieces via last month's NBA Draft -- there's a clear plan being developed. And it's coming to light when you hear C's coach Brad Stevens and the rest of their front office staff gush over the lineup possibilities they're already seeing with Summer League standouts in Brown, Tatum, and even second-round pick Semi Ojeleye.
The options they present -- along with ones presented by Horford, Smart, and Crowder among others -- allow Stevens to tinker with different lineups to play to Thomas' strengths and at different points in the game now without changing the complexion of a game from a scoring standpoint (especially with the sharpshooting Hayward in the mix).
And Thomas has done more with less during his time in Boston, so imagining a more efficient Thomas (as hard as that can be to envision after what he did last season) with two other premier weapons next to him, is worth max money.
But there's also another reason why the Celtics are going to pay him max money.
Thomas moves the needle.
His style of play as most of the most entertaining scorers in the entire NBA undoubtedly puts people in the seats. He makes you tune in on TV, especially in the fourth quarter. He was the face that was worth watching when the Celtics first began their rise from the ashes of a rebuild that should have lasted longer entirely longer than it did.
But most of all, It's hard to downplay the impact the 28-year-old Thomas has had in building this team back up to a legitimate contender in the Eastern Conference. Forget about what he's done on the court; Thomas has been perhaps the most vocal recruiter in the NBA today, often publicly endorsing or pitching players to come to Boston.
It's worked, too.
Does Horford leave Atlanta and sign here without Thomas emerging as a potential building block the season before? Probably not. Does Hayward, even with his Stevens connection, come to Boston if Thomas didn't take another step forward this past season, and with Horford there as the supporting big man behind him? Again, likely not.
It's often difficult to put a price on that kind of stuff. But not this time.
And it's really only a matter of time before the Celtics start to back up the Brinks truck.
Following Washington and London's lead, French President Francois Hollande said he would wait for a parliamentary vote before committing France to a military attack on Syria.
The announcement comes as NATO countries reconsider whether to take military action against the Syrian government over a chemical weapons attack that killed hundreds of people in Damascus, amid growing public opposition to a US-led military intervention.
Paris backed off immediate military action against Syria after MPs in the UK House of Commons defeated Prime Minister David Cameron's proposal that British forces take part in military action over the alleged use of chemical weapons by Assad's government. The war vote – the first lost by a British prime minister since 1782 – was followed by US President Barack Obama saying Saturday that he would wait until he receives authorization from the US Congress before taking military action on Syria.
Surprisingly, given France's past hesitation to join in military adventures, Hollande has been the most vocal supporter of a US military operation, which Obama said would not include “boots on the ground.”
The French president, unlike the British prime minister, does not require permission from the country's parliament, the National Assembly, to order military action.
Hollande's Socialist government was quick to jump on the anti-Assad bandwagon, accusing the Syrian leader of carrying out the attack, with his foreign minister saying that information pointed to Syrian government forces being behind what it called a "chemical massacre."
"All the information at our disposal converges to indicate that there was a chemical massacre near Damascus and that the Bashar regime is responsible," French Foreign Minister Laurent Fabius said on August 24.
Russia has criticized Western nations for jumping to conclusions over the attack, however, with President Vladimir Putin saying on Saturday that it was “utter nonsense” to believe that the Syrian government would use chemical weapons on its own people at the same time as UN weapons inspectors were in the country.
Before delivering his speech on Syria outside the White House, Obama explained his decision to Hollande in a telephone call, an official in the French president's office told reporters.
French Interior Minister Manuel Valls said on Sunday France would not act alone in Syria but would await a decision by the US Congress.
"France can not go it alone," Valls told Europe 1 radio. "We need a coalition."
French prime minister, Jean-Marc Ayrault, is scheduled to meet with the heads of the two houses of parliament and the opposition on Monday to discuss the Syrian situation in the run-up to a parliamentary debate on Wednesday.
Russia has warned that Washington's apparent plans for military intervention in Syria would only serve to increase the violence now gripping the country.
"Any unilateral use of force without the authorization of the UN Security Council, no matter how 'limited' it is, will be a clear violation of international law, will undermine prospects for a political and diplomatic resolution of the conflict in Syria and will lead to a new round of confrontation and new casualties," Russian Foreign Ministry spokesman Aleksandr Lukashevich said. There was a lack of proof that the Syrian government used chemical weapons, he added.
Egypt's Foreign Minister, Nabil Fahmy, has said that his government is against military intervention in Syria.
"Egypt rejects military intervention in Syria, as we believe a political solution is the only way out for the crisis there. Egypt supports the Geneva-2 talks," Fahmy told reporters in Cairo on Tuesday, citing Chapter 7 of the UN charter, which provides for the use of military action if it is proven that a country has become a danger to international peace and security.
UN Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon said that he had discussed with Obama “how we can expedite the process of investigation” into the attack, but added: “I have also expressed my sincere wish that this investigation team should be allowed to continue their work as mandated by the member states."
Meanwhile, NATO's secretary general, Anders Fogh Rasmussen, said Friday that the military alliance has no plans to participate in a military attack on Syria, a move that would require the approval of all 28 member countries.
Dear Evan,
Why don't men hate being single as much as women do? I know you say most men are marriage-minded underneath but they seem much less interested in getting into a stable, committed relationship than women do, and seem to drag their heels.
Some of the things I hate about being single are (in no particular order): lack of love, affection and emotional support; not having someone to go on vacation with; not having someone to share domestic tasks with; being excluded from social gatherings because I don't have a partner; not having someone to talk to at home on a day-to-day basis; having to cope with the financial burden of being single (apartment, bills etc.); not having a regular source of quality sex available.
Surely these things apply to men just as much as women? If this is the case, why aren't men jumping up and down with excitement when they meet someone they connect with, like we are? Why aren't they just as keen as we are to know “where things are going” early on in the relationship? A lot of men my age seem uninterested in a committed relationship, seeming to prefer a more casual “low investment, low return” approach to relationships. Do men actually ENJOY the endless tedium and stress of going on a string of disappointing dates? Or does it all simply come down to the capriciousness of the female orgasm – since men can have an orgasm with practically anyone, they don't much care who they're with, whereas if a woman finds someone who's actually good in bed she's desperate to hang on to him?! Your insights would be much appreciated. -Elaine
Dear Elaine,
Love. This. Question.
I particularly love your list of what sucks about being single. As a guy who was single for 35 years, I completely agree and think that – all things remaining equal – having a good relationship is a far superior state of being than being alone.
(This does not mean that I look down on single people or think you should be in an unsatisfying relationship so, please, spare me the complaints.)
My assistant says it's because when they're single, they can play video games and watch porn, and if they got a girlfriend, she'd insist they give up one or both.
But what gets me the most excited, Elaine, is that you've forced me to consider something that I've never actually considered before:
Why Don't Men Hate Being Single As Much as Women Do?
My assistant says it's because when they're single, they can play video games and watch porn, and if they got a girlfriend, she'd insist they give up one or both.
Funny, but probably not the entire picture.
So, together, let's consider why men are generally cooler with being single than women:
1. Low investment, low return. As I observed in “Why He Disappeared”, this tends to be the way that men deal with most of their relationships. When a man hangs out with another man, he'll watch sports, play poker, talk trash, grab a few drinks, and maybe talk about whether he's hooking up. This takes care of most of a man's basic needs – for companionship, for laughs, for fun.
Men are more likely to define themselves by their careers – What do I do? How much do I earn? What kind of car do I drive? How big is my TV?
As I look at that list, it occurs to me that most of my clients who are perfectly content being single are satisfied with their female friendships. My mom, for example: she volunteers at the hospital, she taps dances in the musical at her clubhouse, she plays canasta with the girls twice a week, she does Sudoku in her garden, she's on the party-planning committee… and while she misses a travel companion, movie companion and regular sex, life is pretty much okay as it is.
I just think there are more men than women who are okay with low-investment, low-return, that's all. Which brings us to…
2. Self-definition. Men are more likely to define themselves by their careers – What do I do? How much do I earn? What kind of car do I drive? How big is my TV?
This is unfortunate and short-sighted because nobody dies thinking that he wishes he had a 72” Sony instead of a 64” Vizio. But hey, that's men.
Women, who are, in general, more emotional and intuitive, are more likely to define their lives by their relationships. So when they lack a partner, they'll be disproportionately sadder than men, who just bury themselves in more work and (sometimes) play.
Then again, many of my smart, strong, successful clients also bury themselves in their work for a decade, and emerge from their cocoon of success and travel, only to learn that they're really, really lonely. I can only imagine there are millions of women who haven't contacted me who continue to immerse themselves in that worldview that success and accomplishment matters more than love. Which brings us to…
3. Communication styles. I've said it before, I'll say it again: men need more help; women ask for more help. And nowhere is that clearer than in the realm of relationships.
A few thoughts off the top of my head:
• Over twice as many women take anti-depressants, compared to men. I remember reading somewhere that it was about 1 in 6 women vs. 1 in 48 men.
• 90% of the self-help market in bookstores is for women. Seriously, apart from “The Game” have you ever seen a relationship book for men that's sold in airport bookstores?
• Women maintain closer friendships throughout life. My mom talks to her best friend every day. She has friends who talk to their daughters every day. I'm as sensitive as they come and I talk to my best friends in New York about once a month.
In other words, even if men feel the emotional need to connect, they rarely reach out to do so – with each other, with their families, and with you.
Women talk about their feelings with much greater frequency and intensity, further feeding the perception/reality that they care more about relationships.
4. Sex – Perhaps Charlie Sheen said it best, years ago, when talking about his predilection for prostitutes: “I don't pay them for sex. I pay them to leave.”
There are a decent number of men out there who don't really desire the same kind of relationship as you do. Their needs are met by their male friendships and their careers and the last thing they want to do is hold your purse when shopping at Nordstrom.
You can tell who these men are because when they're not with you, you don't exist. They'll call you once a week to hook up and that's all. These guys play on their terms, not yours and are a total waste of time to any woman trying to forge something real and lasting. It's like trying to teach a fish to ride a bicycle. In my experience, there are very few women who treat men as if they're good for nothing but sex.
So yeah, a man's ability to separate sex and love is another valid reason he's not terribly upset when he's single.
The last thing men want to do is hold your purse when shopping at Nordstrom.
5. Expectations about relationships. I think this is the most important point of all. Women expect their relationships to be transcendent. They expect the man to illuminate and inspire. You remember “Eat, Pray, Love,” right? “You don't need a man. You need a champion.”
Guys don't work that way. We want someone who is attractive, who doesn't criticize us or tell us how much we need to change, who we can spend lots of time with without getting bored, who we can bring around our friends and families with minimal incident.
You don't have to play fantasy football.
You don't have to make six figures.
You don't have to have washboard abs.
You don't have to have an M.B.A.
You don't have to be spiritual.
As a result, most men can date lots of women.
Women – at least my clients – can only date .0001% of men.
Elizabeth Gilbert, in her follow-up to “Eat, Pray, Love,” called “Committed”, explores these outlandish expectations that Western women have for love – which are nothing like what women in other cultures experience. As a result, Western women are very disappointed in their men, whereas men aren't nearly as disappointed in women.
In other words, we think you're fine as you are.
We just hate the fact that you need us to change so much.
As a result of all of these biological and societal observations about men, it shouldn't be too surprising that there are no Time Magazines cover stories or best-selling books about desperate men.
We can separate sex and love, we define ourselves by our work, we don't lack dating options, we get 95% of our needs met without female companionship, and we don't talk about relationships nearly as much.
If there's anything I missed, please let me know. Guys, please chime in here. Why are you okay not being in a relationship – and how is this different than the women you know?
Can U.S. Take The Heat Of Canada's Oil Practices?
Enlarge this image toggle caption Jimmy Jeong/Bloomberg via Getty Images Jimmy Jeong/Bloomberg via Getty Images
The BP spill left Americans with lingering questions about where their oil comes from -- and the ever-greater lengths to which the industry goes to find it. Canada, America's biggest foreign supplier, has been changing its production methods to meet demand, even while easily accessed oil is disappearing. But environmentalists have raised concerns over the impact of Canada's latest trend in oil extraction.
Oil Sands
On hot days, Fort McMurray, Alberta, can smell like hot asphalt. The distinctive aroma comes from the vast oil sands mines that dot this region of boreal forests and muskeg. Oil sands -- also called "tar sands" -- are the vast natural deposits of bitumen, mixed into the local soil.
"Different winds, different smells," Raymond Cardinal says. "A lot of people use the phrase, 'the smell of money.' "
Since the 1960s, energy companies have been digging open-pit mines to get at the sand. The holes are huge; Cardinal, who worked in the mines for 20 years, figures it takes half an hour to drive around some of them.
Everything about the oil sands is huge. The electric shovels are several stories high; the dump trucks weigh 400 tons, and the upgrading facilities that turn the oil sands into usable petroleum dominate the landscape.
Shift From Pit Mining
Heated water from the Athabasca River is used to separate the oil from the sand. It can take up to four barrels of water to produce one barrel of oil. After the process, the water is too dirty to go back in the river, and it's stored in vast "tailings ponds," which can be as big as the mines. The oil companies use cannons and scarecrows to keep migrating birds off the water, but the system sometimes fails; in April 2008, 1,600 ducks died after landing in a tailings pond run by a company called Syncrude.
Enlarge this image toggle caption Martin Kaste/NPR Martin Kaste/NPR
The companies put a lot of effort into trying to restore the landscape. Spent mines are filled in, and the companies replant a version of the original forest. Cardinal is a native of northwestern Alberta -- he belongs to the Athabascan-Chipewyan tribe -- and he says the reclaimed lands look good. But he doesn't consider them natural.
He seems to regret his years working in the oil sands mines.
"It was hard, because you saw what they were doing to the landscape," he says.
The pit mines may become a thing of the past. Canada's oil sands reserves cover an area roughly equivalent to North Carolina, but most of it is too deep to dig up. To get the deeper oil sands, the Canadians are switching to newer techniques, such as steam-assisted gravity drainage.
The Latest Trend
Greg Fagnan of Cenovus Energy shows off the technology in a forest clearing in Eastern Alberta. In the middle of the clearing, a series of pipes sends 500-degree steam down into the ground.
"Think about an 800-meter straw," Fagnan says. That straw is sending the steam through the tarry oil sands, deep underground, melting it and sending it back to the surface in what Fagnan calls a kind of "percolation."
The melted bitumen and the steam are pumped to the surface, and more pipes send it through the forest to a central separation tank, where the oil and water part ways.
The company reuses the water, and the oil is sent to market.
This steam process is what the engineers call in situ oil sands production, meaning the bitumen is removed while leaving the soil in place. All together, the various forms of in situ production are on track to eclipse open-pit mining in Alberta, perhaps by the middle of the decade. Supporters say that's good news, because these methods do less harm to the landscape.
But there are drawbacks. Environmentalists say the roads and the network of steam and oil pipes can fragment the ecosystem of Canada's pristine boreal forests, getting in the way of migrating species such as caribou.
And then there's global warming. Oil companies burn vast amounts of natural gas to boil the water to steam the oil sands. At its Christina Lake facility, Cenovus uses about 750 cubic feet of natural gas for every barrel of oil it steams out of the ground.
Forecast: Canadian Crude Oil Production (In Thousands Of Barrels/Day) In oil sands production, in situ techniques are projected to surpass pit mining. In situ methods are used to get the oil that open pit mining can't reach. Supporters of in situ methods say it will preserve the landscape more than pit mining, but environmentalists say it will upset the ecosystem and contribute to global warming.
"Some people have described this as a kind of reverse alchemy," says Simon Dyer, oil sands director at the Pembina Institute, an environmental think tank. "You're taking a relatively clean-burning energy in natural gas and using it to create a much dirtier source of energy."
Christina Lake is one of the more fuel-efficient operations in Alberta, and Cenovus is experimenting with techniques to generate the necessary steam using less natural gas. Dyer acknowledges there have been improvements, but he says the companies aren't solving the larger problem.
"Virtually every environmental indicator is actually worsening, in a cumulative sense, because those per-barrel improvements are being washed away by the increase in production."
Meeting Demand
And production will keep increasing. The oil reserves contained in those Alberta sands are estimated at 170 billion barrels of bitumen. From the U.S. point of view, that's a couple of decades worth of oil, conveniently located on the territory of our friendly northern neighbor.
But getting at those reserves will require steam, or some other high-energy method. Cenovus Vice President David Goldie says that's just the new reality.
"The age of easy oil is over," Goldie says. "Fields are depleted, and we're going after the harder-to-get oil, and having to use technology to figure out how to get it out of the ground."
And at Christina Lake, Cenovus is planning for the long term. It's building new facilities designed to last 30 years, including big new storage tanks, where oil that's been steamed out of the Canadian wilderness will be stored before being fed into the new network of pipelines that's being built to refineries in the United States.
If it seems like your local running path is more crowded than it used to be, you're not imagining things. The number of Americans who run 25 or more days a year has increased by 60.6 percent since 2004, according to data compiled by the National Sporting Goods Association and recently distributed by Running USA.
The graph below shows the growth in what NSGA calls "occasional runners" (those who run 25-109 times per year) and "frequent runners" (those who run 110 or more times per year, or at least twice a week).
NSGA also tracks what it calls "infrequent runners," or those who run 6-24 times per year. NSGA says there were just more than 12.5 million of them in 2013, for a total of just less than 42 million American runners last year.
Growth in the two categories of more regular runners has been strong over the past decade, despite occasional dips. Since 2004, the number of frequent runners has risen from 6.4 million to 9.9 million, a 54.7 percent increase. Growth in the number of occasional runners has been even greater, from 11.9 million to 19.5 million, a 63.9 percent increase.
Counting infrequent, occasional and frequent runners in 2013, women age 25 to 34 had the highest age-group representation, 5.6 million. According to NSGA's data, women runners have outnumbered men in the United States since 2012.
Theresa Secord considers it a sign of honor and respect that she enters the Portland Museum of Art through the door by the loading dock. In the past, she's always come in through the front door, a guest, like everybody else. Now, the Penobscot basketmaker is an exhibiting artist. And the loading dock is where artists come into the building to deliver their work, meet with curators and help with the installation.
The Portland Museum of Art Biennial, “You Can't Get There From Here,” opens Thursday and, for the first time since the museum began its every-other-year survey of contemporary art in Maine in 1998, it includes art made by Maine's Wabanaki Indians. Baskets by Secord, Jeremy Frey, George Neptune and Sarah Sockbeson are among the works of 32 artists chosen for the exhibition.
THE ARTISTS • Of the 32 artists, 22 live in Maine, from Eliot to Indian Township, Eastport to Kingfield • Ages range from 26 to 91 •Two who do not live in Maine are Maine natives: Tom Brennan of Vermont and Jeremy DePrez of Texas • Four from away identify Maine as their point of inspiration: Lois Dodd, John Walker, Emily Nelligan and Susan Hartnett • Three others not from Maine are connected to Maine College of Art: Jeffrey Clancy, Caroline Lathan-Stiefel and Randy Regier • Three artists have been in previous PMA Biennials: Brett Bigbee, John Bisbee and Thomas Brennan • Artists: Brett Bigbee, South Portland John Bisbee, Brunswick Bradley Borthwick, Belgrade Meghan Brady, Camden Thomas Brennan, Hinesburg, Vermont Gideon Bok, Camden Jeffrey Clancy, Madison, Wisconsin Christine Collins, Roslindale, Massachusetts Jeremy DePrez, Houston, Texas Lois Dodd, New York Jeremy Frey, Indian Island Ken Greenleaf, Waldoboro Susan Hartnett, New York Anna Hepler, Eastport Stacy Howe, Portland Justin Kirchoff, Eliot Michael Kolster, Brunswick Caroline Lathan-Stiefel, Avondale, Pennsylvania George Mason, Nobleboro Emily Nelligan, Winstead, Connecticut George Neptune, Bar Harbor Dennis Pinette, Belfast Randy Regier, Wichita, Kansas Noriko Sakanishi, Portland Theresa Secord, Waterville Warren Seelig, Rockland Owen Smith, Orono Sarah Sockbeson, Indian Island Miles Spadone, South Portland Emilie Stark-Menneg, Brunswick Richard Van Buren, Perry John Walker, Brookline, Massachusetts IF YOU GO WHAT: “You Can't Get There from Here: The 2015 Portland Museum of Art Biennial” WHEN: Opens Thursday, on view through Jan. 3 WHERE: Portland Museum of Art, 7 Congress Square HOURS: 10 a.m. to 5 p.m. daily, with hours extended to 9 p.m. Friday. Beginning Columbus Day, the museum is closed Mondays. ADMISSION: $17 adults, $15 seniors and students, $11 ages 13 to 17, free 12 and younger and museum members; free after 5 p.m. Fridays INFO: 775-6148 or portlandmuseum.org MORE BASKETS A FEW BLOCKS DOWN Congress Street from the Portland Museum of Art, Maine Historical Society also is showing a collection of baskets by Maine Indian basketmakers. “Baskets from the Dawnland: Weaving the Past and Future Together” is on view through Nov. 28. This exhibition provides context to Maine's basketmaking tradition, showing finished forms, tools and process. The four artists represented in the Portland Museum of Art biennial also are represented here, along with others from the Wabanaki tradition. Dawnland refers to the eastern reaches of North America, where the sun hits first on its rise and where the basketmaking tradition began centuries ago. WHERE: 489 Congress St., Portland ADMISSION: $8 adults, $7 seniors and students, $2 ages 6 to 17, free 5 and younger HOURS: 10 a.m. to 5 p.m. Monday to Saturday, and until 7 p.m. Thursday; noon to 5 p.m. Sunday. Beginning Nov. 1, the museum is open Tuesday to Saturday INFORMATION: 774-1822 or mainehistory.org
Most people view Indian baskets in cultural settings – in a museum dedicated to Indian art, for instance. Alison Ferris, an independent curator hired by the museum for this exhibition, wants viewers to consider Indian baskets in the context of contemporary art, as visually stimulating three-dimensional objects, handmade by makers who are informed by tradition but not constrained by it. Not only are they making beautiful work, but Indian basket-makers are among the most successful artists working in Maine today, both commercially and in terms of national exposure, Ferris said.
“They're making contemporary art just like anyone else,” she said. “Their work has not been shown in the biennial before, and it seemed like a good time to make that happen.”
Kathleen Mundell, special programs director at the Maine Arts Commission and a longtime advocate of Maine Indian basketmakers, called the biennial a breakthrough for Indian artists. “I remember talking to Theresa many years ago, and one of us said to the other, ‘Wouldn't it be great if one day basketmakers could show at the Portland Museum of Art?' It's finally happening, 25 years later,” she said.
Their inclusion signals a shift in perceptions about Indian art, Mundell said. Even though they come from a utilitarian domestic craft tradition, Indian baskets have become a fine-art form, pushed forward by young artists who are making new shapes, using different materials and non-traditional colors and weaves. Maine Indian basket-makers, including those in the biennial, show their work around the country and sell baskets for thousands of dollars each – sometimes for $10,000 or more. “The biennial gives them the recognition that basketmaking is a very important cultural art form and these people are masters at it,” Mundell said.
Secord, who lives in Waterville, has always considered herself an artist, but she's never been treated as one by the art-world establishment.
“This is the first time that my work is in a major setting that is not a Native American museum, and it's considered contemporary art and not an old tradition,” Secord said. “I think that's significant.”
The biennial continues through Jan. 3. The exhibition includes established artists from Maine who have created new work for this show, as well as artists who live elsewhere and sometimes work in Maine or draw inspiration from their experiences in Maine. Generally, the exhibition has been juried, but the museum began curating the biennial two years ago.
Jessica May, who was then new to the museum as its curator of contemporary art, took on the 2013 exhibition to familiarize herself with Maine art and artists. Ferris, a former curator at Bowdoin College Museum of Art, was tabbed for this show because of her knowledge of the state and her experience with contemporary art that's being made in Maine and elsewhere. She is curator of the Kohler Arts Center in Wisconsin.
She's put together an exhibition that includes 32 artists, some with name recognition and others who are just beginning their careers. The painters Lois Dodd and John Walker and sculptor John Bisbee are among the best known. This will be Bisbee's fourth PMA biennial, the most by any artist.
Many artists are creating installations specifically for the biennial, including a three-part piece by Eastport artist Anne Hepler, consisting of woven wire that is shaped to look something like the sound piece of an antique phonograph. New-media artist Owen Smith of Orono made a video that attempts to digitally capture the moment that creativity strikes and replicate it so viewers can experience that same moment.
But it's the basketmakers who are grabbing the attention.
Basketmaking is a centuries-old tradition, perfected by Indian women who used ash and other indigenous wood to make baskets for hunting, fishing and gathering. In the mid-1800s, when Maine became popular with wealthy vacationers, basketmakers began selling to tourists in places like Bar Harbor, Poland Springs and other summer destinations.
With the number of basketmakers dwindling and their age rising, Secord helped launched the Maine Indian Basketmakers Alliance in 1993. Its mission was to save the tradition. There were 55 founding members, with an average age of 63. Today, there are more than 200 members, and the average age is closer to 40, Secord said.
The organization has thrived, and Secord believes she and her colleagues would not be part of the biennial if not for the work of the alliance in promoting Maine basketmaking.
Sockbeson, a 31-year-old Penobscot, learned to make baskets growing up on Indian Island. Her great-grandmother and other family members made baskets, but didn't pass down their knowledge. After high school, Sockbeson apprenticed with a tribal teacher for a year, and 12 years ago she began making baskets on her own. She draws inspiration from old-style baskets and infuses contemporary elements. Sockbeson introduces color by dying wood strips and occasionally painting landscapes and florals on the basket covers. She also incorporates moose antlers as handles.
“As an artist, there is always the desire to push boundaries and innovate, no matter what medium you choose to work with,” she said.
She likes bold colors, because they contrast the old and the new, contemporary and traditional, natural and unnatural. The tradition isn't stagnant, she said. It's been evolving for hundreds of years, as markets, styles and tastes change. She wants her work to appeal to a modern audience, while still reflecting Penobscot traditions.
Frey, a member of the Passamaquoddy tribe, learned to make baskets from his mother. He makes his own wooden forms to shape the baskets in a style that is unique. He's also introduced new weaves to the tradition.
Frey, who was born in 1978, is at the top of the Indian art world. He shows his work at Indian art markets across the country and often returns home to Maine with top prizes. He's won Best of Show awards at the Heard Museum Guild Indian Fair and Market in Phoenix, Arizona, and the Santa Fe Indian Market in New Mexico. In 2010, he won a United States Artists fellowship, worth $50,000.
Neptune, also a member of the Passamaquoddy tribe, is the grandson of National Endowment for the Arts Heritage Fellow winner Molly Neptune Parker. He learned from his grandmother, and his specialty is miniature baskets. He lives in Bar Harbor.
At 57, Secord is the oldest of the basket makers in the biennial. She enjoys associating with younger artists, because it proves the tradition is alive and thriving. She also is influenced by them.
Secord creates baskets using wooden forms that were built in the 1800s. As a result, her baskets are less precise and lack the symmetry of the baskets made by the younger artists. She appreciates their innovations, and says the younger generation is pushing older artists to innovate. “They've challenged us to rise to a higher technical level of weaving,” she said.
Share
< Previous
Next >
WASHINGTON — Colleges and universities say that some rules in the new health law could keep them from offering low-cost, limited-benefit student insurance policies, and they're seeking federal authority to continue offering them.
Their request drew immediate fire from critics, however, who say that student health plans should be held to the same standards that other insurance is.
Among other things, the colleges want clarification that they won't have to offer the policies to non-students.
Without a number of changes, it may be impossible to continue to offer student health plans, says a letter that the American Council on Education sent Aug. 12 to Health and Human Services Secretary Kathleen Sebelius, signed by 12 other trade associations that represent colleges.
Additionally, the colleges say that some provisions of the law don't apply to their policies, including those that require insurers to spend at least 80 percent of their revenue on medical care and that bar them from setting annual coverage caps.
Many of the provisions at issue don't go into effect until 2014, but the colleges say they need clarity soon because they're negotiating long-term contracts with insurers now.
HHS spokeswoman Jessica Santillo said Sebelius had received the letter and "looks forward to sending a response." Santillo added that the health overhaul law allows many young adults to stay on parents' policies until age 26.
The request comes amid continued scrutiny of student health plans, including an ongoing investigation by New York Attorney General Andrew Cuomo, who said in April that some of the plans left students "at risk while providing massive profits for insurance companies."
His investigation has found that policies offered to New York students were inexpensive, ranging from as little as $100 a school year to more than $2,500, but that the benefits also vary widely, with some capping annual coverage at $25,000 or setting per-illness caps as low as $700.
"Buying these kinds of low-quality products with low premiums enables colleges" to keep students' costs down. "But the problem is the protection provided students under the plans isn't sufficient," said Mark Rukavina of the Access Project, an advocacy group in Boston that's studied student health plans. "If you are a student who needs care, given the caps on benefits, you are in trouble."
More than half of colleges nationwide offer student insurance plans, according to a March 2008 study by the Government Accountability Office. While 80 percent of college students were insured, often through their parents' coverage, only 7 percent bought their own policies or purchased school-based plans, according to the GAO.
Starting in 2014, the new health law bars annual caps such as those in student health plans. Starting this year, insurers must offer at least $750,000 in coverage per year, although insurers or employers can apply for waivers from that restriction.
Colleges say their plans don't fall under the annual cap requirement because they're considered "limited duration" policies, meaning they expire after a certain number of months, generally the school year.
They also say that such limited duration policies don't have to meet rules that require insurers to spend an average of at least 80 percent of revenue on direct medical care, rather than administrative costs or profits, or issue rebates to policyholders.
Law professor Bryan Liang disagrees.
"That sounds like wishful thinking on their part," said Liang, a critic of student health plans who's the executive director of the Institute of Health Law Studies at California Western School of Law in San Diego. Even if the plans are considered limited duration policies, he said, such policies are regulated by states, which can set similar spending rules.
Many student plans would flunk the spending test. A recent report by Massachusetts state officials, for example, found that spending on medical care among the 13 insurers that offer student plans in the state ranged from 46 percent to 89 percent, with the average at 69 percent.
Requiring them to meet even some of the new rules could drive up premiums, colleges say. Premiums could increase, for example, if regulators determine that student health plans are considered "individual" policies rather than group plans, which often get a better rate, said Steven Bloom, the assistant director of federal relations at the American Council on Education.
Additionally, the colleges fear that they'd be required to offer the plans to anyone who applied for one, even if the applicant wasn't a student, Bloom said.
Liang, the law professor, doubts that colleges would be forced to offer insurance to anyone who walked into a campus health center.
"That's like saying I, as a non-IBM employee, could go to IBM and say, 'You need to give me insurance,' " said Liang, who sent a letter Aug. 17 to Sebelius in response to the education council's request.
He doesn't think that school plans should be offered any special protection in the regulations that are being developed to implement the health care law.
The school-based policies "financially benefit the school and their insurance company partners over the student ... are poor in coverage and may violate consumer protection law and public policy," his letter says.
In another letter sent to Sebelius last week, a grass-roots group made up of college health directors, doctors and others involved with student insurance say that the secretary should require poor-quality plans to improve their benefits.
Jim Mitchell, a spokesman for the Lookout Mountain Group, said that its members agreed with some of the education council's requests, including its concern that colleges not be required to offer coverage to non-students. The group disagrees, however, with the council's position that student health plans are exempt from some rules that go into effect this year, including the restriction on annual limits.
"Student insurance plans can't be the only insurance unaffected by these health reform laws," said Mitchell, who's also the director of the Student Health Service at Montana State University.
ON THE WEB
The American Council on Education's letter to Health and Human Services Secretary Kathleen Sebelius
New York Attorney General Andrew Cuomo's investigation into college student health insurance plans
The Access Project, an advocacy group in Boston
Government Accountability Office study of student health plans
MORE FROM KAISER HEALTH NEWS
Coverage of the nation's health-care debate
MORE FROM MCCLATCHY
Kaiser Health News on McClatchy
Stimulus technology money aims to reduce health care costs
When health care bill's provisions would take effect
Follow the latest politics news at McClatchy's Planet Washington
Of course, everyone began to reassess that very quickly after he took power. But some of the Americans were much more prescient -- for instance, Edgar Mowrer, the Chicago Daily News correspondent, kept frantically trying to warn readers and the world, "What he's saying about the Jews is serious. Don't underestimate him."
How hard did these writers work to find out what was really going on? Did they take risks to get to the real story, or were they mostly content to stay in their comfortable bubble?
When you're a foreign correspondent, there's always the possibility of staying in your own little world. You all go over to each other's houses, you entertain each other, you have expense accounts. And the American correspondents and diplomats in Berlin were living in relative luxury. Even so, the good correspondents and diplomats did go out and seek information, even when it became progressively more difficult -- and more dangerous -- to get it.
That's what I found really interesting in a case like Edgar Mowrer, how he'd get information from a German-Jewish doctor. He'd make appointments to see him very often. The doctor would make sure his assistant was out of the room, and then he'd slip a note into Mowrer's shirt with information about who had been arrested, what had happened. When even that became too dangerous, Mowrer started a ritual of meeting the doctor at a public toilet once a week. They'd stand at neighboring urinals, and before each of them left, the doctor would drop that little sheet of paper, which Mowrer would pick up. Then they'd leave through separate exits.
Some journalists and diplomats took those kinds of risks and really pushed to get everything. Others held back -- after all, Germany really was a very prestigious reporting assignment. They felt constrained and didn't want to jeopardize their situation.
Was there an appetite for this news back home?
On the part of the newspaper editors, there was some skepticism about the early stories. In World War I, American newspapers had published a lot of stories about German atrocities -- about how they were bayoneting babies in Belgium -- and those proved to be fabrications. So I think the editors were open to some of these first reports about the Nazis, but they were wary.
Even the reporters were sometimes slow to write about the things they witnessed firsthand. I tell the story of Hans Kaltenborn, a famous radio broadcaster of that era. He was of German descent, but had grown up in the United States. Right after Hitler took power, there were attacks on Americans who failed to give the Hitler salute. Kaltenborn went over with the attitude that these reports were greatly exaggerated. Then his teenage son got beaten up for exactly the same reason. The Nazis apologized profusely and said, "I hope you won't write about this." And Kaltenborn replied, "No, I don't insert anything personal in my stories." Even after this happened to his own son, he was reluctant to write about it.
Despite that the Federal Office of Public Health reckons around 250,000 people in Switzerland are alcoholics, the 20 Minuten website reported.
Swiss Alcohol Board (SAB) statistics published on Monday showed a slight drop from 8.5 litres per head in 2011.
Consumption has fallen by around one third since the 1980s when the average person put away 11 litres of pure spirit.
Expressed in quantities the Swiss drank about one litre less wine and a half litre less beer last year.
In 2012 the average person knocked back 36 litres of wine and 56.5 litres of beer, according to the statistics.
There was a trend towards drinking less wine, the SAB said, and in 2012 imports of both red and white wine fell.
Domestic production also fell last year.
There was virtually no change in the amount of spirits drunk. Average consumption last year was 3.9 litres, or 1.6 litres of pure alcohol.
The health office says consumption among certain population groups remains problematic.
It estimates that almost 20 percent of the population binges on alcoholic drinks on a regular basis. For women this means drinking at least four alcoholic beverages in one session every month and for men at least five drinks.
(Igor Stevanovic/Dreamstime)
“From whence shall we expect the approach of danger? Shall some trans-Atlantic military giant step the earth and crush us at a blow? Never. All the armies of Europe and Asia . . . could not by force take a drink from the Ohio River or make a track on the Blue Ridge in the trial of a thousand years. No, if destruction be our lot we must ourselves be its author and finisher. As a nation of free men we will live forever or die by suicide.” — Abraham Lincoln
Advertisement
Advertisement
The winning streak enjoyed by campus activists this fall was violently interrupted by the recent terrorist attacks in Paris. Some activists were sufficiently annoyed by their ejection from the limelight that they took to Twitter to complain under the hashtag “F***Paris.”
The most obvious irony stemmed from the fact that some of the same protesters who griped about media coverage of their antics — even declaring First Amendment-free zones — suddenly whined when the cameras turned to bloodshed in the heart of Europe.
But there's a deeper irony. In the aftermath of the Paris attacks, fueled by a cynical media strategy directed by the president himself, the national conversation turned quickly from Barack Obama's foreign-policy failures to the bigotry and insensitivity of the Republican party. There's no denying that Donald Trump made this an easy pivot for the Beltway Brahmins. But left unnoticed in the clamor is the dismaying disconnect between the conversation elite liberals want to have and the one being pushed by their left-wing shock troops on the ground.
Advertisement
RELATED: Progressive Faculty and Administrators Deserve All of the Blame for the Recent Unrest on Campus
Advertisement
For instance, on ABC's This Week, Representative Keith Ellison (D., Minn.) ripped into Republican rhetoric about Syrian refugees, saying that we must have “confidence in who we are as a nation . . . we need to be adhering to the values that have made this country strong.”
Ellison was hardly alone. Everyone seems to be talking about those American “values” of tolerance, diversity, and pluralism. Obama has been on a tear about how rejecting refugees is “not American” and how those refugees are akin to the pilgrims who arrived on our shores. He pays rote lip service to denouncing murderers in Paris.
Advertisement
RELATED: American Universities Begin to Implode
Meanwhile, back on our campuses, those very values are routinely denounced as little more than “white privilege.” Needless to say, the people who want to see Columbus Day banned and call for an accounting of America's crimes against Native Americans don't think too highly of those Pilgrims.
#share#As for our values, student protesters and their enablers on and off campus offer a full-throated rejection of America's (classical) liberal principles and, at times, America itself. By now you've heard it said that “free speech” is just code for “white privilege” or even “hate speech.” Tolerance itself has become a dirty word for many.
Advertisement
Many campuses have announced a zero-tolerance policy for “hate speech” and “racial insensitivity,” and countless more campuses have students demanding that such policies be implemented at their schools.
Advertisement
RELATED: The Pink Guards on Campus
In principle, that doesn't sound so bad. The problem is that the definitions of hate speech and insensitivity have become entirely elastic and subjective. Disagreement with the mob of right-thinkers is now deemed unacceptable. There's a vaguely Maoist flavor to demands that liberal white professors and administrators confess and atone for their “white privilege.”
It's gotten to the point where even admiration for non-European culture is denounced as bigoted if that admiration blossoms into so-called “cultural appropriation.” Ethnic food fads are denounced for their insensitivity; the website Everydayfeminism.com recently offered “The Feminist Guide to Being a Foodie without Being Culturally Appropriative.”
RELATED: The University Gone Feral
For generations, we've heard that “diversity makes us stronger.” I'll leave it to another day to question whether this premise can withstand the test of reality. The relevant point is that many of the chief beneficiaries — or at least their self-proclaimed leaders — of what was once called “Diversity Inc.” now reject the logic of diversity at the most fundamental level. The famous “melting pot” is now derided as a kind of cultural genocide.
#related#Nothing is more comfortable for the Sunday-morning talk-show elites than taking on the alleged forces of intolerance to their right. Ohio governor John Kasich recently argued for promoting America's “Judeo-Christian” values of tolerance, equality, free speech, and pluralism. NBC's Chuck Todd fretted that such rhetoric sounded “anti-Islam.”
Advertisement
Advertisement
Meanwhile, the campus Left is openly rejecting those core American values, and the response from media elites has run the gamut from condescending tolerance to abject encouragement.
By all means, we need more civilizational confidence. But demonstrating it only to denounce partisan opponents isn't confidence at all. It's a recipe for suicide.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Trevor Miners is one of a handful of surviving Secret Army veterans
This Sunday, people across Britain will remember those who sacrificed their lives for the country in World War Two.
And it will be a particularly poignant day for Winston Churchill's "secret army", who will be parading at the Cenotaph on Remembrance Sunday for the first time.
It was 1940, much of Europe had fallen to the Nazis and an invasion of Britain seemed imminent.
Churchill called it the nation's "darkest hour" and for one Cornish teenager it was the beginning of a great adventure.
Trevor Miners, 86, from Perranporth, was part of Churchill's Auxiliary Units, a volunteer force trained to be the underground line of defence in the event of a German invasion.
Trained to kill
AUXILIARY UNITS 3,500 volunteers
Each armed with a dagger and pistol
Trained to attack Nazi invaders
Based in 500 bunkers called Operational Bases
Bases equipped with explosives for blowing up Nazi munitions dumps
Mr Miners was 16-years-old when, in 1943, he was asked to sign the Official Secrets Act and found himself one of 3,500 volunteers recruited to Britain's resistance army.
"We were sent to a base in Oxfordshire," Mr Miners said.
"We were trained to kill, how to use a knife to kill a man quietly.
"The plan was that when the invasion came our unit would hide in an underground bunker and let the Nazis roll over the top of us.
"Then after a month we were to come out at night and attack them, destroy their munitions dumps, railway lines, things like that."
Mr Miners' bunker at Cligga Head near Perranporth was one of about 500 such bunkers, known as Operational Bases, which were dug all across Britain.
Image caption Trevor Miners was told to say he was in the Home Guard when he joined the unit
"It wasn't as concealed as it should have been," said Mr Miners. "An RAF corporal thought it would be the ideal courting spot, which was a bit embarrassing for us.
"We had to move to another base at a former tin mine nearby."
These men were signing up to a suicide mission Tom Sykes, Historian
The individual units were entirely self-contained, with no knowledge of the identity or locations of the other resistance groups, although there are thought to have been about 250 volunteers in Cornwall.
"We were only a small unit of seven men," he said. "After Dunkirk it looked as if the Germans would invade right away.
"We had food rations for five weeks in the bunker and we had any amount of explosives.
"In fact, we were so well equipped it was unbelievable."
Image caption Inside the base from which the Auxiliary Unit was to attack Nazi invaders
"I'm sure they would have found us in the end. So fortunately for us the invasion never happened."
The bunker was about 15ft (4.6m) below ground, but has been filled in since the war.
I wish this could have been done years ago so they could have been there with me but I will march to represent all of them Trevor Miners
Historian Tom Sykes said: "These men were signing up to a suicide mission.
"There was no way out for them, they were going to be caught and tortured, they were ready to kill themselves before allowing themselves to be captured."
The Auxiliary Units were stood down in 1944 when the threat of invasion was finally lifted. Churchill's secret army became Churchill's forgotten army.
"We had signed the Official Secrets Act, you see," Mr Miners said.
"We would never talk about what we were trained to do. One of my unit was even sent a white feather by someone who thought he was a coward for not going out to fight, but we knew different."
Mr Sykes has campaigned for years to have the work of the Auxiliary Units officially acknowledged.
Now they have been granted permission to take part in the Remembrance Day parade at the Cenotaph on Sunday
It is unclear how many of the men who would have made up Britain's resistance army remain alive, but Mr Miners will be making the journey from Perranporth.
"I wish my friends could be there with me," he said.
"I wish this could have been done years ago so they could have been there with me but I will march to represent all of them."
Most of us have heard some version of the saying, “Behind every successful man is a great woman." This quote highlights the concept that people get accolades for their success in the , but most people who achieve greatness at work also need people who support their personal lives.
So is it true that successful people get significant help from their partners? And is the form of this quote accurate? Is it only that successful men are helped by women, but not the other way around?
This question was explored by Brittany Solomon and Joshua Jackson in a paper in the December, 2014 issue of Psychological Science.
They analyzed data collected over a five-year period from more than 4,000 people in Australia. The participants were married heterosexual couples. The survey gauged the "Big Five" characteristics—Openness, , , , and —for both members of each couple. The survey also collected information about job satisfaction, income, and promotions—and about a variety of other aspects of the relationship, such as how much each member of a couple would handle basic household chores.
People's own personality characteristics influence their success at work. For example, replicating a lot of previous work, people who are more agreeable tend to make less money, and to be less likely to get promoted, than those who are less agreeable. People who are highly agreeable tend to avoid asking for raises and promotions, and so they get passed over in favor of those who are willing to stand up for themselves. In addition, people who are extraverted at work tend to have higher levels of job satisfaction and a greater likelihood of being promoted, because people notice their efforts. People high in conscientiousness also tend to enjoy their work more and to make more money than those who are low in conscientiousness.
When looking at a person's partner, though, conscientiousness was the factor that had the most influence. People who had conscientious partners tended to enjoy their work more, to make more money, and to be more likely to get promotions than people whose partners were low in conscientiousness. This influence of a partner's conscientiousness went above-and-beyond the influence of a person's own personality characteristics.
One interesting facet of these results is that they were true for both men and women. So the findings suggest that behind every successful person there is a conscientious partner, but men and women can benefit equally from conscientious partners.
Why does this happen? There seem to be a couple of factors at play here.
First, more conscientious partners tend to take on a bigger share of household duties. So a person who spends a lot of time on their work has someone who picks up the slack on household chores. Second, people tend to feel better about their relationship when they have a conscientious partner. Presumably, people with partners high in conscientiousness do not argue as much about housework as those with partners low in conscientiousness. This higher level of relationship satisfaction also improves people's success at work.
When people think about their satisfaction and success in the workplace, they often focus on their own characteristics. These findings suggest that the status of people's relationship also has a significant affect on their workplace success.
Finally, it would be useful to see this study repeated in other countries. It is interesting that there were no differences in the influence of a partner's conscientiousness in this sample from Australia. I would be curious to know whether the same results would be observed in Europe, the United States, or Asia.
Follow me on Twitter. And on Facebook and on Google+.
Check out my new book, Smart Change. And my books, Smart Thinking and Habits of Leadership
Listen to my radio show on KUT radio in Austin—Two Guys on Your Head—and follow 2GoYH on Twitter and on Facebook.
Sebastien Bassong battles with Fulham's Pajtim Kasami – the pair will clash again this weekend (Picture: Getty Images)
Forget Liverpool hosting Manchester City for an insight into Premier league superiority, Fulham v Norwich City is this weekend's biggest fixture.
As the season draws to a close, fixtures invariably become increasingly important, and on paper, Fulham's game against Norwich City could well decide both team's fate.
While three points for Fulham won't even be enough to take them above Norwich – or out of the relegation zone for that matter – the game is extremely important for the Canaries.
With remaining fixtures of Liverpool (H), Manchester United (A), Chelsea (A) and Arsenal (H) – good teams all arguably fighting for something (consistency in United's case) – Norwich will want to make the most out of their visit to West London.
Fulham's remaining fixtures of Tottenham (A), Hull City (H), Stoke City (A) and Crystal Palace (H) are, perhaps only on paper however, kinder to the eye.
Advertisement
Advertisement
Writing off Spurs away, and Stoke for that matter, I am hopeful that we can pick up points against Hull and Palace; not because we are better than them, but because, hopefully, they will be safe and playing for very little when we line up against them.
This game is therefore absolutely massive for both teams; for Fulham to close the gap that Norwich are going to struggle to extend beyond this fixture and for Norwich to create a substantial gap that will prevent Fulham catching.
Looking at the two teams, both are relatively equal. Norwich and Fulham have both produced positive and negative performances – more of the latter – over the course of the season, and have, much to the frustration of their respective fans, flirted with relegation on a worrying number of occasions.
Scott Parker was on target in the return fixture in December (Picture: Getty Images)
Traditionally however, Fulham have been Norwich's bogey team – a team that ruthlessly sent the Canaries into the Championship a few years ago, after beating them 6-0 at the Cottage.
While many Norwich fans may be lamenting their luck, which has them facing their bogey team in a must-win fixture, I, as a Fulham fan, am not so confident.
Formalities and football go together like oil and water. And Fulham, expecting to pick up three points against a team they would normally pick three points up against is exactly the kind of thing that Fulham, being Fulham, could fail to do.
What's more, if Neil Adams is able to instigate some sort of honeymoon period – that so often occurs when a new manager takes over – our task could become a lot harder.
Advertisement
Advertisement
Another worry for the Whites is the fact that this season's home form hasn't been anything to brag about. In seasons-gone-by winning at the Cottage kept Fulham in the league, but this year playing by the Thames has been somewhat of a mental hindrance.
So for me, previous fixtures, stats, form, tactics, managers, players, fans and venue for that matter are all entirely irrelevant in the build up to this game.
Saturday's match is a cup final, which may as well be played at a neutral venue, and arguably the most important fixture of the two clubs' recent Premier League history.
May the best team win.
MORE: Club Metro
November 3, 2015
Blogging about Midori
Enough time has passed that I feel safe blogging about my prior project here at Microsoft, “Midori.” In the months to come, I'll publish a dozen-or-so articles covering the most interesting aspects of this project, and my key take-aways.
Midori was a research/incubation project to explore ways of innovating throughout Microsoft's software stack. This spanned all aspects, including the programming language, compilers, OS, its services, applications, and the overall programming models. We had a heavy bias towards cloud, concurrency, and safety. The project included novel “cultural” approaches too, being 100% developers and very code-focused, looking more like the Microsoft of today and hopefully tomorrow, than it did the Microsoft of 8 years ago when the project began.
I worked on Midori from 2009 until we transitioned the teams to their respective new homes during 2012-2014. I led the groups focusing on the developer experience: language, compilers, core frameworks, concurrency models, and IDEs/tools. And I wrote lots of code the whole time.
Although we started with C# and .NET, we were forced to radically depart in the name of security, reliability, and performance. Now, I am helping to bring many of those lessons learned back to the shipping products including, perhaps surprisingly, C++. Most of my blog entries will focus on the key lessons that we're now trying to apply back to the products, like asynchrony everywhere, zero-copy IO, dispelling the false dichotomy between safety and performance, capability-based security, safe concurrency, establishing a culture of technical debate, and more.
I'll be the first to admit, none of us knew how Midori would turn out. That's often the case with research. My biggest regret is that we didn't OSS it from the start, where the meritocracy of the Internet could judge its pieces appropriately. As with all big corporations, decisions around the destiny of Midori's core technology weren't entirely technology-driven, and sadly, not even entirely business-driven. But therein lies some important lessons too. My second biggest regret is that we didn't publish more papers. This blog series may help to recitify some of this.
I shall update this list as new articles are published:
Midori was a fascinating journey, and the most fun I've had in my career to-date. I look forward to sharing some of that journey with you.
Almost everyone knows who Pikachu is, but there are many other cute animal mascots which have left an impression on the anime community. Here are ten you may have seen or heard about!
They are the steadfast companions who help our protagonists; the icons who help define a series and offer a memorable figure when people try to recall a name. Mascots come in varied shapes, sizes, and species, and are often as prominent as the person they are attached to. Some, like Pikachu from Pokémon, even gain more fame than their partner.
Regardless of who or what they are, mascots linger in our memory. Let's go through a few who help make their anime what it is!
This pair of cute, chubby, bun-shaped creatures features in several of CLAMP's works. Notably, the shared universe of Tsubasa Reservoice Chronicles and xxxHolic. In Tsubasa Reservoir Chronicles' timeline, they used to reside with the witch, Yuuko (xxxHolic), until she sent one to accompany Syaoran, Sakura, Fai, and Kurogane (TRC) on their journey to reclaim Sakura's lost memories. The other remained with Yuuko and her assistant, Watanuki.
Their abilities seem to be related to dimensions. Despite existing in different worlds, the two Mokona can communicate and send information or objects to and from the other as needed. Both are extremely cheerful creatures who talk about themselves in the third person and try to make themselves helpful wherever possible. If they are ever a mild nuisance to their caretakers, it's because sometimes they're too happy.
Kerberos - Cardcaptor Sakura
The bossy, demanding companion to Sakura: Kerberos (or 'Kero') is her guide, companion, and friend in her quest to retrieve the scattered Clow Cards. He is the guardian of the Clow Book from which the Cards originated and had been sleeping within it until Sakura inadvertently opened the book.
Despite his shortcomings, he is a staunch protector of Sakura. In his true form, he's a giant cat that boasts control over fire- and earth-based elements and the relevant half of the Clow card deck. His native powers include the ability to sense the presence of the lost cards, the ability to summon protective barriers, and the ability to shoot fireballs from his mouth. His plush lion cub form is able to all of these to a lesser degree. And, of course, he can fly with his cute little wings.
Kuro - Ao no Exorcist
Kuro is Rin Okumura's cait sith familiar. He was once a god, but fell to the level of a demon when humans came to try and demolish his abandoned, forgotten shrine. Kuro was initially familiar to Rin's father, Father Fujimoto, but ownership transferred to Rin after the man passed away.
Despite being over a century old, Kuro can exhibit childish behaviours as well as feline ones. He and Rin share a close relationship and are rarely seen far apart from one another. Kuro's does not have explicit abilities, but he is able to transform between his usual house cat size to a more monstrous nekomata - about the size of a truck! Because he is an extremely high-level demon, he also possesses resistance to most of the Exorcists' anti-demon weapons, such as silver and holy water. His face when he's eating is too cute to resist!
Sonic - Kekkai Sensen
Sonic the Sonic Monkey (not to be confused with the famous blue hedgehog!) is companion to one Leonardo Watch. He makes his debut by stealing Leo's camera and inadvertently helps Leo cross paths with an operative of the hidden organisation, Libra. After fulfilling his major role in the anime's first episode, he opts to remain by Leo's side as a faithful, sometimes comical, companion.
As suggestive of his name, Sonic's main trait is his ability to move at sonic speeds - hence his name and why his breed are known as 'sonic monkeys'. Beyond that, Sonic does not seem to have any other special traits. Human eyes are unable to track a monkey moving at sonic speed, but Leo, with his God Eyes, is able to keep track of him easily.
This round, winged, Harry Potter Snitch-like being is Allen's golem. He is a simple, curious creature who is steadfastly loyal to his master - perhaps to a fault. When not engaging in a childish rivalry with Kanda's golem, Timcanpy is usually off sating his vast curiosity about something. Sometimes he'll learn new human habits from it, but other times it may lead him into trouble.
As a golem, Timcanpy is capable of the basic functions of communication, the recording and replaying of both video and audio, and is able to track his owner. He possesses the obvious power of flight, but he is also capable of changing physical aspects (such as his size) on a whim. Although he doesn't have a face, Timcanpy's actions sure make him cute!
Testuya no.2 - Kuroko no Basket
Named after Tetsuya Kuroko for his eyes' striking resemblance to Tetsuya's, Tetsuya no.2 is the mascot of the Seirin High basketball team. He appears to be more intelligent than he looks, able to sense the atmosphere of team's players and bark at appropriate times. He took to pooping in Kagami's sneakers once, which angered Kagami at first. However, Kagami realised that those same sneakers had a gash in them that would have made it dangerous for him to play in. This display of Tetsu no.2's apparent intelligence convinced him to accept the dog as the cute team mascot.
Mieu - Tales of the Abyss
This odd but cute critter is a cheagle, sacred creatures who congregate in family groups within forests. Mieu was exiled from his tribe and ordered to accompany Luke fon Fabre and company on their journey for an entire year. The ring around him allows Mieu to communicate with human beings and control his fire breath. Although it's not covered by the anime, the ring also allows Mieu to fly and tackle objects as well as people when its full magical ability is restored.
Mieu is, strictly speaking, Luke's servant for as long as his exile is in effect. He's an earnest creature and is always willing to do his best. Despite being treated horrendously by Luke at first, Mieu is undeterred and continues to refer to him as his master. Even if one hates his high, squeaky voice, there is no-one who can fault the dedication, loyalty, and concern he has for his comrades.
Luna and Artemis - Bishoujo Senshi Sailor Moon
Luna and Artemis are guardian cats, advisors and protectors of the Sailor Guardians. They are able to communicate just as humans do and also possess at least the same level of intelligence. Although they are Sailor Moon's and Sailor Venus' companions respectively, they look after all the Guardians and help to guide the girls during times of trouble. To 're not only cute, but excellent role models (and alarm clocks, in Luna's case)!
Chiyo Chichi - Azumanga Daioh
This yellow cat-creature may be familiar to a lot of readers, even if they don't know his name. Known as 'Chiyo Chichi' or 'Chiyo's Dad', this creepy cat-thing claims to be, as his name suggests, Chiyo's father. He appears only in the characters' dreams, although a soft toy version of him is given to Chiyo for her birthday despite the giver having no idea about the cat's existence. His expression hardly ever changes, even when he's angry, but he seems to care a lot about Chiyo.
Kyuubey (QB) - Puella Magi Madoka Magica
Kyuubey (or QB) is a mysterious, cat-like alien responsible for recruiting young girls to fight against demonic entities known as Witches. These Witches feed on the emotions and hopes of human beings and cannot be sensed or seen by normal people. Kyuubey forms a contract with the girls he recruits, granting a single wish of theirs in exchange for their combat services. These girls become magical girls, each with a key power or weapon that allows them to fight Witches on relatively equal footing.
Mostly a facilitator, Kyuubey appears before girls who have a desire that want to see fulfilled. It is an emotionless being incapable of understanding human rationale, only cause-and-effect lines of thinking. Due to its having its own ulterior motives, Kyuubey often withholds information it deems unnecessary for his contractors to know - unless they explicitly ask for it. His cute smile and expressionless eyes have become recognized in the anime fandom as a symbol of pure evil.
There are many more iconic figures of course. This article is by no means a definitive list. All of the anime above are worth watching, if you haven't already. Mascots can be cute, witty, silent, expressive - they can even have a fleshed-out character of their own! There are eight others arranged at the top and bottom of this article, do you know them all?
Mascots at the Top:
Doraemon- Doraemon
Kon- Bleach
Totoro- Tonari no Totoro
Tony Tony Chopper- One Piece
Mascots at the Bottom:
Hanako- Psycho-Pass
Haro- Mobile Suit Gundam 00
Pen Pen- Neon Genesis Evangelion
Tachikoma- Ghost in the Shell
Wolf Pack runing bak Jaxson Kincaide, a true freshman, is earning more carries for Nevada. He scored his first career touchdown at Notre Dame last week. (Photo: Matt Cashore/USA TODAY Sports)
If you were a betting person, you probably had the Wolf Pack football team sitting at 1-1 through two games.
A win at Cal Poly and a loss at Notre Dame to open the season seemed all but certain, and while the win over the FCS Mustangs was closer than expected – 30-27 in overtime – Nevada does stand at 1-1.
The intrigue really starts this week when Nevada hosts Buffalo at 6 p.m. Saturday at Mackay Stadium. After that comes a game at the Big Ten's Purdue, followed by four Mountain West contests before a bye week.
“We're sitting here 1-1, and, as I believe it, the guts of our season starts this week,” Wolf Pack coach Brian Polian said.
As the Wolf Pack enters what he called “a crucial stretch,” he said Nevada's coaching must improve.
“We've got to eliminate the silly mistakes,” Polian said. “We've got to eliminate the drive-killing penalties. There have been far too many self-inflicted wounds the first two weeks and we have to clean that up. And frankly, I have to do a better job of coaching better. Our staff has to coach better. We have to play smarter. There were some plays in the first two games that were not smart football and we have to get that corrected, and that starts with me and the staff.”
The emphasis, Polian said, is on better fundamentals and situational awareness. Penalties, which largely haven't cropped up under Polian's, have been an issue. Nevada has been flagged 15 times for 128 yards, which Polian said is a big reason behind the offensive struggles. Some major, and avoidable, special teams miscues cost Nevada in the second quarter against Notre Dame, a period the Irish won, 25-0.
With its next few matchups against similarly talented teams – Nevada is an 11-point favorite over Buffalo, however – Polian wants his team to play cleaner games with crisper execution. Polian said he doesn't know where he team exactly is now, which is not unusual two games into the season, but the next stretch of contests will give him a clearer indication of how his team stacks up against similar competition.
“We have six weeks to go until the bye,” Polian said. “We'll have a MAC team, a Big Ten team and four Mountain West teams before we hit the bye. I think when we hit the bye we'll know who we are. I'm not afraid of that. I'm excited about it. It's a great journey and the first step starts Saturday night.”
Said Wolf Pack running back James Butler: “We've had a lot of peaks and valleys in these first two games but I think we're ready to stay on that incline that we need to be on.”
THE TRIPLE-OPTION WRINKLE
When safety Asauni Rufus was a senior at Bakersfield High, he rushed for 1,647 yards and 29 touchdowns – he also threw for 1,504 and 11 scores – as a triple-option quarterback for a state title-winning team.
When he signed with Nevada, Rufus thought his quarterback career was over. And it was, until now. The Wolf Pack introduced the triple-option last week and the package will remain for the rest of the year.
“It was an exciting experience,” Rufus said of quarterbacking at Notre Dame. “It felt good to be back under center again. It was familiar. I guess it's like riding a bike. It was fun, though. It was definitely a surreal experience. When I was running out on the field I couldn't believe it. It felt like a dream almost.”
On his first play, Rufus picked up a first down on third-and-2. On the next play, he drew a 15-yard facemask penalty. Later on that drive, he was stuffed on fourth-and-inches on the Notre Dame 17.
In addition to his seven tackles, Rufus rushed twice for three yards, gaining two first downs on three plays.
“I'm excited for him,” Butler said. “That's my boy. I remember watching his highlight films in high school and his runs were better than mine, and I was a running back.”
KINCAIDE EARNING BIGGER ROLE
The Wolf Pack has burned the redshirt on two freshmen this season and one of those players, running back Jaxson Kincaide, should see a bigger role in Nevada's offense on Saturday against Buffalo.
The 5-foot-9, 180-pound Kincaide, from Fort Lauderdale, Fla., scored his first college touchdown last week and has four touches this year for 39 yards. Butler's backup, Akeel Lynch, suffered a concussion last week and is questionable for Buffalo, although Polian said Nevada will proceed with caution.
If Lynch can't go, Butler, Kincaide and Blake Wright, who missed the first two games with injury, will serve as the three-man backfield. Polian has been pleasantly surprised by Kincaide's emergence.
“He's showing a little more juice than I thought he might have had coming out of high school,” Polian said. “He's showing a maturity and willingness to prepare that's been really impressive for a true freshman in college. And he has good guys in his room, with James Butler and Marc Nudelberg, our running backs coach, showing him the way. I've been impressed with Jaxson so far and his touches will increase.”
BUTLER GLAD ALOZIE'S GONE
When these teams met last season, Butler rushed for 177 yards – the second most in a game in his career – and a touchdown, but the play he remembers most is one that didn't end well.
With Nevada facing first-and-10 on its 4-yard line, Butler busted up the middle and into the clear. He looked gone for a touchdown but was chased down from behind at the 5-yard line by Okezie Alozie. After that 91-yard run, Butler scored on the next play from 5 yards out.
Alozie, who wore No. 3 for the Bulls, was a senior last season and won't suit up for Buffalo in this week's game.
“I'm glad No. 3 isn't there anymore to chase me down,” joked Butler, who still gets ribbed about the play.
Since then, Butler has had five touchdowns run of 50-plus yards and hasn't been caught from behind.
WOLF PACK FOOTBALL
Who: Buffalo (0-1) at Nevada (1-1)
When: Saturday, 6 p.m.
Where: Mackay Stadium
TV/Radio: None/94.5 FM
Online: CampusInsiders.com
Betting line: Nevada by 11
Number of the Week 1%
1%: the interest rate on IBM's most recent three-year bond.
This week, IBM set a sort of milestone in the bond market's recovery from crisis: The iconic computer company borrowed $1.5 billion at the bargain-basement interest rate of only 1%.
IBM's cheap money, though, exemplifies the costly trade-offs involved as the Federal Reserve seeks to nurse the economy back to health.
With markets expecting the Fed to keep its target rate somewhere between zero and 1% for at least the next two years, borrowing for short and long periods is extremely cheap. That's great for big companies and banks, but it's coming at the expense of savers — a group whom, in the longer term, the U.S. needs to encourage.
U.S. corporations have taken full advantage of low interest rates, going on a bond-issuing binge that has left them with tons of cash, which they appear to be holding largely as insurance against a new bout of financial turmoil, rather than spending on new hires. Nonfinancial companies were sitting on about $8.4 trillion in cash as of the end of March, or about 7% of all company assets, the highest level since 1963. Even before its bond issue, IBM had $12.3 billion in cash and short-term investments, which accounted for about 12% of all its assets.
Big banks, for their part, are seeing bumper earnings as they make use of cheap money and help companies issue all those bonds. Even as their lending continued to shrink, they generated more profits in the first quarter of 2010 than they have since before the recession, according to the latest data from the Commerce Department.
Meanwhile, though, savers are seeing some of the worst nominal returns in decades. As of June, the weighted average interest rate on deposits, money-market funds and other highly liquid investments stood at only 0.29%. Returns on riskier investments aren't great, either: The average yield on near-junk bonds with maturities close to 30 years stood at about 5.9% this week.
To be sure, the Fed doesn't have a lot of room for maneuver. If the economy is still struggling, it can't risk raising rates. But in the debate over whether the economy should be supported through further government stimulus or Fed easing, it's useful to remember that low interest rates aren't cost-free, great as they may be for the folks at IBM.
Razer has confirmed that two of its Project Valerie prototypes were stolen at the Consumer Electronics Show (CES 2017) in Las Vegas. The world's first and only laptop to furnish three fully automated displays was a hot item during the event and drew a huge amount of attention. The gaming company is offering a US$25,000 (AU$34,000) reward for any information that could lead to the identification or capture of any guilty party.
Razer CEO Min-Liang Tan announced in a Facebook post about the two Project Valerie prototypes that were stolen from his company's CES booth. He didn't identify the Project Valerie devices in his initial post, but the company later confirmed to Polygon that the prototypes of its three-headed gaming monster were indeed stolen.
“I've been informed that two of our prototypes were stolen from our booth at CES today. We have filed the necessary reports and are currently working with the show management as well as law enforcement to address this issue,” said Tan in his Facebook post. “We treat theft/larceny, and if relevant to this case, industrial espionage, very seriously - it is cheating, and cheating doesn't sit well with us. Penalties for such crimes are grievous and anyone who would do this clearly isn't very smart.”
Razer's revolutionary Project Valerie is a powerful yet portable gaming marvel that features three 17.3-inch 4K IGZO displays with a 11,520 x 2,160 resolution. It's powered by an Nvidia GeForce GTX 1080 graphics card and comes with Nvidia G-Sync and Nvidia Surround View native support. Project Valerie is also VR-ready and can accommodate the HTC Vive and Oculus Rift headsets.
Razer mentioned in its confirmatory statement that the two Project Valerie prototypes were taken from the company's CES press room at about 4 p.m. on Sunday, January 8, 2017. Razer said that the reward depends on the weight of the information given and that the company will be the one to decide who is entitled to a reward and how much the reward will be.
“A US$25,000 (AU$34,000) reward is being offered for original information leading to the identification, arrest and conviction of a criminal suspect. Razer may pay only a portion of the maximum reward offered,” said Razer. “The decision will be based primarily upon law enforcement's evaluation of the value of the information provided. When there are multiple claimants, the reward will be shared in amounts determined by Razer.”
RELATED: Razer Project Valerie launch details: The world's first triple display laptop is a sight to behold [VIDEO]
READ: NES Classic Edition (Nintendo Mini) with 84 games spotted: Hacked consoles now becoming common [VIDEO]
Honey, We Shrunk Ourselves is a 1997 direct-to-video sequel to Honey, I Shrunk the Kids and Honey, I Blew Up the Kid. It is the third and final installment in the Honey, I Shrunk the Kids trilogy. The directorial debut of cinematographer Dean Cundey and released through Walt Disney Home Video, it tells the story of inventor Wayne Szalinski as he accidentally shrinks himself, his wife, brother, and sister-in-law with his electromagnetic shrink ray.
Rick Moranis returns to portray Wayne Szalinski. He is the only returning cast member from the previous films. His wife, Diane, is portrayed by Eve Gordon, and their youngest son, Adam, now a preteen, is played by Bug Hall. Amy and Nick have gone away to college (as discussed between Diane and Adam in the film). It includes Wayne's extended family, including his brother, Gordon, and sister-in-law, Patti. Unlike the first film, where the kids had to get their parents' attention, it's vice versa.
Only a few months after the film was released, the Disney Channel picked up a show based on the Szalinskis' troubles: Honey, I Shrunk the Kids: The TV Show. It starred Peter Scolari as Wayne. This was the last incarnation of the franchise; this is also Disney's first live-action film to get a direct-to-video release.
As of 2019, Honey, We Shrunk Ourselves stands as Moranis' most recent live-action film (though he would continue to do voice-acting for the next several years).
Plot [ edit ]
Eight years after the events of the previous film, ten-year-old Adam just wants to be a normal boy and go to baseball camp. However, his interest in sports seems almost alien to Wayne and Diane, as Amy and Nick, who are currently living away from home, were a thespian and genius, respectively. Wayne has started his own lab, Szalinski Labs, with his brother, Gordon, and they receive tickets to witness a shuttle landing, but Diane interrupts Wayne's message, reminding him that he needs to watch Adam and his cousins, Jenny and Mitch, while she and Patti go on vacation. She also reminds him to get rid of the Tiki Man that she sees as an eyesore, though he considers it a good luck charm (not to mention something that could earn him a fortune one day).
After Diane and Patti leave, Wayne and Gordon have activities planned that bore the kids. Wayne sends them to the store, but reveals to Gordon that it is a ruse to get rid of them long enough so that he can use his shrinking machine in order to shrink the Tiki Man without Diane's knowledge, and without the risk of unintentionally shrinking the kids (although the machine now fires at the push of a button instead of at random like before). However, after carelessly not turning it off immediately after they succeed, Wayne and Gordon are shrunk when a billiard ball left on it falls onto the activating button, just as they are in front of it searching for the Tiki Man. Meanwhile, Patti realizes she forgot to leave Mitch's medicine for his potassium deficiency, and they head back. Hoping to catch Wayne and Gordon by surprise, they sneak up to the attic only to be shrunk when another billiard ball falls onto the activating button. Shortly after, the kids return home, and after hearing Wayne's message about the launch, assume they are alone for the evening, and Jenny makes plans to have her friends come over. Upstairs, the adults make use of a fishing rod to lower themselves down into Adam's room. To attempt to get to the floor, they use his Hot Wheels race track, but they overshoot their target and fall down the laundry chute ending up in a clean load that is delivered back upstairs by Adam and Mitch. They tumble out of the laundry basket when it is overturned, and discover Adam and Mitch reading a Sports Illustrated Kids magazine, revealing to Wayne that Adam's interest is not in science as he hoped.
Seeing Mitch struggling, Patti realizes that they need to get him his medicine soon, or he could pass out. He ignores his weaknesses, though, and goes downstairs. The adults witness the arrival of Jenny's friends and decide to use a bubble machine in order to get downstairs. Diane and Patti land safely, but Wayne and Gordon fall into a bowl of onion dip and are nearly devoured by the girls.
In the kitchen, when Patti and Diane resolve to find a way up the counter in order to find Mitch's medicine and push it into view, they encounter a daddy long-legs with its leg caught in a spider web, and Diane quietly talks to it as Patti tries to cut the web with a nail file. Diane realizes her own insecurities about being small as she relates to it, which she had earlier tried to kill, and realizes how hard it is to be that size. After it's freed, Patti and Diane realize they can cling to its silk as it climbs up onto the counter. Meanwhile, Wayne and Gordon decide to rewire the stereo to work as a microphone, and a group of boys crashes the party, including Jenny's crush, Ricky King. He takes her into the kitchen, where he steals a kiss from her, but she spurns him for not asking permission first, thus earning Patti's respect. Angered, he returns to his friends and they begin to wreak havoc in the living room. Mitch, severely weakened, enters the kitchen and discovers Patti and Diane on the counter before fainting, partially from his failure to take his medicine, and partially from the shock of seeing his miniature mother and aunt. Adam and Jenny discover him, and thinking quickly, Adam gets potassium-rich bananas to give to him, and he begins to recover, weakly saying he had seen his mother. In the living room, Wayne rewires the stereo so that Gordon can talk and amplify his voice so he can pretend to be the voice of God. He orders the guests to leave, leading Adam, Mitch, and Jenny to realize what had happened to them.
In the attic, the kids discuss the benefits of leaving their parents shrunk briefly before deciding they love them more than that. They unshrink them. Patti confides her trust in Jenny for how she stood up to Ricky and took care of Mitch, while Wayne tells Adam that he can have an interest in sports, and agrees to sign him up for baseball camp. Diane tells Wayne he can keep the Tiki Man, and won't sweat the "small" stuff anymore, while he decides to relinquish his presidency of Szalinski Labs to Gordon, while he decides to return to inventing. In the end, life is back to normal again, while Wayne has developed a new respect for baseball, and the Tiki Man has been moved into the backyard and enlarged to twice the height of the house.
Cast [ edit ]
Production [ edit ]
Originally, the film was going to be released in 1996 to theaters. Karey Kirkpatrick was called in to write the script, while working on James and the Giant Peach. The finished script was sent in to Jeffrey Katzenberg, who decided that the studio did not want to continue with the film. It was shelved for a few months while Kirkpatrick resumed work on James and the Giant Peach. While working on it, Kirkpatrick learned that it was going to be picked up again.
The Walt Disney Company at the time was having success with releasing direct-to-video sequels, such as The Return of Jafar and Aladdin and the King of Thieves. They wanted to test how live-action sequels would do, so they picked this one to be their first.
Nell Scovell and Joel Hodgson were recruited to try to reduce Kirkpatrick's script due to the budget restraint. In Kirkpatrick's script, the group of shrunken parents would originally fall into an aquarium. The scene was cut from the script, and then revised to the bubble machine one. One scene shows one of Wayne's inventions, a machine that translates dog barks to human speech. It is similar to the devices in the "invention exchange" Hodgson did when with Mystery Science Theater 3000.
Casting [ edit ]
Rick Moranis is the only returning cast member from the original films. He returns to portray inventor Wayne Szalinski, now the head of Szalinski Labs. Marcia Strassman, who portrayed Diane in the first two films and in the 3D film would not reprise her role anymore. Eve Gordon, who was best known as Marilyn Monroe in A Woman Named Jackie, was cast as Diane instead.
The onscreen kids, Amy O'Neill and Robert Oliveri, had quit acting by the time the film was released and their characters were only mentioned in a conversation between Diane and Adam. No one replaced them either. Daniel and Joshua Shalikar, who portrayed Adam in Honey, I Blew Up the Kid, had signed on for two additional sequels in 1992. They had reprised their role in Honey, I Shrunk the Audience, but Bug Hall replaced them in the part.
Stuart Pankin and Robin Bartlett were cast as Gordon and Patti Szalinski. Allison Mack and Jake Richardson were cast as their kids, Jenny and Mitch. Mack would later become famous as Chloe Sullivan on Smallville. Two of Jenny's friends are portrayed by Mila Kunis and Lisa Wilhoit. Kunis would later portray Jackie Burkhart on That '70s Show, and voice Meg Griffin on Family Guy while Wilhoit would later voice Connie D'Amico on it.
Direction [ edit ]
The film marked Dean Cundey's directorial debut, replacing Joe Johnston and Randal Kleiser. He is most-known for his cinematography on films such as Jurassic Park, Hook, and some of John Carpenter's early directorial efforts such as Halloween (as well as its first two sequels), The Fog, Big Trouble in Little China, Escape from New York, & The Thing. Originally when the film was going to be released to theaters, the production budget was $40 million. When it was announced that it would be released to home video, the budget was cut down to $7 million.
Due to the production cut, the studio decided to use television resolution to save money on effects by not having to pay for a projectable format. Also, the original script included that the party had gotten out of control with around 150 kids, akin to Sixteen Candles or Say Anything. This was considered too costly and it was cut down.
Despite the smaller budget, the availability of more advanced SFX technology created a more elaborate effect for the shrinking and enlarging sequences. Designer, Carol Winstead Wood worked on product placement (see below) to increase her budget enabling her to design & build more 'over scale' prop and set elements.
The film was digitally composited on three Apple Mac computers, using After Image and Ultimate software, at Cundey's home before it was sent to the Dream Quest effects company for finessing.
Product placement [ edit ]
In just about every scene in the kitchen, the Trix cereal box is turned directly towards the camera. Other product logos shown include Lays, Coke, Diet Coke, Tostitos, Skippy Peanut Butter, Street Sharks, Hot Wheels, Sports Illustrated for Kids, the San Francisco 49ers logo, Sony, Osco Drug, Minute Maid, and Honey Nut Cheerios. All of these products are featured throughout the film, making it one of Disney's few films that encouraged using real-world products and companies.
Production Designer of this project, Carol Winstead Wood worked with the show's property master to find companies that would agree to have their products featured. Typically, "as a film designer, we try to avoid having our films look like a commercial however this script was ideally suited for product placement. My original budget was not over two hundred and fifty thousand. These companies helped to increase the Art Department's budget and gave me the opportunity to 'put more production value' on screen. In the film it was challenging to fabricate realistic 'over scale props' that our characters could interact with. Dean Cundey was a great director to work with, his background as a cinematographer paid off handsomely. The integration of the actors working with 'over scale props' into our computer generated backgrounds made this project one of my most interesting films and a privilege to design."[citation needed]
Reception [ edit ]
Sales [ edit ]
The film was released direct-to-video on March 18, 1997. It tied neck-and-neck with the video releases of The Long Kiss Goodnight and The First Wives Club.[citation needed]
Critical response [ edit ]
Unlike the previous films, it received mostly negative reviews from critics. On the film rating website Rotten Tomatoes, the film has an approval rating of 25%, based on 8 reviews.[1]
See also [ edit ]
Ready to fight back? Sign up for Take Action Now and get three actions in your inbox every week. You will receive occasional promotional offers for programs that support The Nation's journalism. You can read our Privacy Policy here. Sign up for Take Action Now and get three actions in your inbox every week.
Thank you for signing up. For more from The Nation, check out our latest issue
Subscribe now for as little as $2 a month!
Support Progressive Journalism The Nation is reader supported: Chip in $10 or more to help us continue to write about the issues that matter. The Nation is reader supported: Chip in $10 or more to help us continue to write about the issues that matter.
Fight Back! Sign up for Take Action Now and we'll send you three meaningful actions you can take each week. You will receive occasional promotional offers for programs that support The Nation's journalism. You can read our Privacy Policy here. Sign up for Take Action Now and we'll send you three meaningful actions you can take each week.
Thank you for signing up. For more from The Nation, check out our latest issue
Travel With The Nation Be the first to hear about Nation Travels destinations, and explore the world with kindred spirits. Be the first to hear about Nation Travels destinations, and explore the world with kindred spirits.
Sign up for our Wine Club today. Did you know you can support The Nation by drinking wine?
America is almost four weeks into the voting stage of the Republican presidential race. The candidates are debating. The media is covering the competition 24/7, and in such minute detail that Rick Perry's quitting of the contest was treated as news. And Republicans in three states have caucused and voted in numbers that party leaders, pundits and the talk-radio amen corner tell us are significant. Ad Policy
Yet at the same time, those same party leaders, pundits and radio talkers continue to dismiss the movement to recall Wisconsin Governor Scott Walker as a false construct with little real hope of prevailing.
Fair enough, let's compare.
Since January 3, Republican caucuses have been held in Iowa (with an electorate of 2,231,589), and Republican primaries have been held in New Hampshire (electorate of 998,799) and South Carolina (electorate of 3,385,224).
That adds up to a total electorate of 6,615,612 in the trio of first- (and second- and third-) in-the-nation states.
Turnout for the Iowa caucuses is now pegged at 121,479. Turnout in the New Hampshire primary was 248,448. Turnout in the South Carolina primary was 601,166.
That adds up to a total turnout of 971,093, or about 14.5 percent of the possible voters in the three states.
And what of Wisconsin?
The state has an electorate of 4,170,501.
The United Wisconsin petition drive to recall anti-labor Governor Scott Walker collected significantly more than 1 million signatures.
Rounding to a million, that's about 23.9 percent of the possible voters in the state.
So here's what we know:
1. If you add up all the caucus and primary votes that have been cast so far for Mitt Romney, Newt Gingrich, Ron Paul, Rick Santorum, the former Rick Perry, the former Jon Huntsman, the former Michele Bachmann and the eternal Buddy Roemer, they still have not attracted as much support as has the drive to recall Scott Walker.
2. If you compare the percentage of the electorate in the three caucus and primary states that has expressed support for all the Republicans who would be president, it is dramatically lower than the percentage of the Wisconsin electorate that wants to recall Scott Walker.
3. If you add the total number of names on petitions filed January 17 to recall other Republicans in Wisconsin—Lt. Gov. Rebecca Kleefisch, state Senate majority leader Scott Fitzgerald and three of Fitzgerald's colleagues—the total number of signatures filed in support of the recall of Walker and his cronies is close to 1,940,000. That figure is just about double the number of votes cast in all the Republican presidential contests for all the Republican presidential candidates so far this year.
Conclusion: if the Republican presidential race is a serious endeavor, the Wisconsin drive to recall Scott Walker, Rebecca Kleefisch, Scott Fitzgerald and their compatriots is doubly serious. And far, far more popular with the available electorate.
For more on the recall movement and politics in general, follow me on Twitter: @NicholsUprising
This year's auction was held in the Buffalo Niagara Convention Center, in a garishly lighted room redolent with the scent of the attendees' breakfast choices and punctuated by the whir of the currency counters. Winning bidders paid 20 percent of a property's price in cash or certified check. The balance is due in December, and they should receive the deeds in March — a schedule that had severe consequences last year, Mr. Wilson said. “The owner turned the power off in one of the houses we bought, but not the water, so the pipes froze and burst. There were mushrooms. It was horrible.”
This year, he and Ms. Radle were tentatively interested in a few properties, if they stayed below $25,000, which they didn't. Prices seemed to be up by a third over last year, Mr. Wilson estimated. But mostly they were there to buy the vacant lot next to their cottage, which they hoped to make their home. Happily, the lot was unchallenged, and they won it quickly for $500.
It was time for a tour. On Massachusetts Avenue near Chenango Street, there were the meticulous properties of Push Buffalo, a community organization that creates affordable sustainable housing. Across the street were spiffy clapboard houses painted in bright pink and yellow, one sprouting an elaborate Victorian porch that had been salvaged from a house lost to arson in another neighborhood.
Joseph Galvin owns these and seven other properties. Mr. Galvin, who is 57, was one of the first to start rehabbing in this neighborhood. It was more than 25 years ago that he bought his first property, the yellow house on Massachusetts, which was then a boarded-up wreck owned by a bank, for $13,600. “At first it was necessity — I just wanted a place to live,” he said. “There were a lot of drugs and prostitutes and criminal elements. We'd call the police, and they'd arrest someone, and then there'd be someone else to take their place. What I decided to do was to buy these houses and renovate them and try and save a neighborhood that was in decline.”
He added: “I was a lone soldier for a long time, dodging bullets and drug dealers and baloney. Lo and behold, now I have nine properties. We missed the whole rust-belt revival that cities like Cleveland had. Now it's our turn. Now the young kids like Jason and Bernice are just coming out of the woodwork.”
On Chenango, Mark Legeza's front yard was still a riot of greenery, with Japanese wisteria climbing up the porch. Mr. Legeza, 29, is a health physicist for the Army Corps of Engineers. (He is overseeing the cleanup of radioactive materials from the Manhattan Project, not a job you hear about every day.) In 2009, he bought his house for $70,000. It was in good shape, though it had been neglected. But his block had its challenges, including two rowdy drug houses, he said, which he bought in 2011 for $30,000 and $25,000, using a home-equity loan for the first, and a high-interest loan for the second. The renovation, which cost about $36,000, he did himself.
“The cops were there all the time,” he said, “and the only way I could figure out how to get rid of these people was to find the owners and buy the houses.”
In 2007 the very unusual Coexist? Comedy Tour invited six comedians, a Muslim, a Christian, a Jew, a Hindu, a Buddhist and an atheist to go out on the road together and try to get along. From LA to Seattle hitting top clubs like The Hollywood Improv, The Comedy Store, The Throckmorten Theatre and universities. There were fights and personnel changes and drama and tears and much hilarity.
In 2009 director Larry Brand (Assume the Position with Robert Wuhl, Christina, Halloween: Resurrection) directed a four camera shoot of To Coexist? Comedy Tour at the historic Crest Theatre in Sacramento, CA. The line up was made up of Moshe Kasher, Keith Lowell Jensen, Tissa Hami, Sammy Obeid, Tapan Trivedi and Mike E. Winfield.
The footage came out amazingly but the coexisting fell short as one comic decided he didn't need to sign his release. Now Larry Brand and To Coexist? Comedians must travel the country looking for a funny Christian to complete the tour and the film. This search promises to be a perfectly hilarious compliment to the fantastic live concert footage already shot.
www.CoexistComedy.com
one for the popeye fans! an easy, 'cheesy', wednesday night pasta dish - delish! one for the popeye fans! an easy, 'cheesy', wednesday night pasta dish - delish!
1/2 packet of wholewheat spaghetti
1 cup of frozen spinach, thawed
1/2 cup of non-dairy milk (i used light soy)
2 tablespoons of nutritional yeast flakes
1/2 teaspoon of garlic powder
1/4 of a large brown onion, diced
evoo for garnishing
salt and pepper to season
boil a pot of water, add the spaghetti. cook until al dente. whilst the spaghetti is cooking saute the onion in a small frying pan until softened and translucent. add the spinach and cook for 3 minutes. add the nutritional yeast, garlic powder, salt and pepper and cook for a further 3 minutes. transfer the mix to a jug and, using a bamix (or other hand blender), blitz the mix until relatively smooth, adding the non-dairy milk as you blend. return the spinach mix to the frying pan and heat through. drain the spaghetti, once cooked, and add it to the spinach sauce mix. toss the spaghetti through the spinach sauce. serve with a drizzle of good quality evoo and sprinkle of extra nutritional yeast flakes.
serves 4
In a match where the present wasn't quite enough to topple a top-10 team at the top of their game, a glimpse of what's coming for Husky volleyball offered a tantalizing sight of what's coming in the future. True freshman middle blocker Lauren Sanders, an Under Armour HS All-American and top-20 recruit nationally, completely took over the game for a span during the Huskies' impressive 3rd set. Sanders killed all 4 of her attacks in the set and picked up 4 blocks, including two solo blocks, a relative rarity in indoor volleyball.
From last year to this year, losing only seldom-used grad transfer middle blocker Kameron McLain meant that this year's squad is very well set up to go on a run. Although this loss to Creighton was disappointing, there's obviously still a long time to go in the season, and I still very much believe this team will be right there in the national championship hunt, as does the AVCA, as Washington dropped just 5 spots to #8.
However, next year has multiple question marks. The Huskies will still clearly be loaded with talent, but the loss of so many key players is going to have a big impact on the team. OH Tia Scambray, S Bailey Tanner, OH Courtney Schwan, and RS Crissy Jones will all graduate, all of them having started at least 3 years for UW and won a variety of conference, regional, and national awards. Carly DeHoog, who had a fantastic opening weekend after battling through the past couple of season with injuries, will be done as well. Steady backup setter Jade Finau? She'll be gone, too. Even impact transfer Marion Hazelwood, a 3-time Honorable Mention All-American at Oklahoma, will exhaust her eligibility as well.
Given the number of scholarships opening and the national pedigree of the Husky volleyball program, clearly there should be some strong players on the way. Next year's freshman class for the Huskies is loaded, ranked #2 in the country by PrepVolleyball. There are a few more as well, but two of the top recruits in the country are joining the Huskies in 2018:
Ella May Powell, a 6'0” setter from Fayetteville, Arkansas. Powell has played the past few seasons with the US Junior National Team and is the two-time Arkansas Player of the Year (interestingly, the one she missed out on went to Fayetteville HS teammate Haley Warner, who is committed to Florida).
Shannon Crenshaw, a 6'3” outside hitter from Orlando, Florida. In a state loaded with volleyball talent (probably a close third behind Texas, with California runaway #1), this is a rare pickup for a Pac-12 school. Crenshaw won the Florida player of the year award as a sophomore.
The beginning of a new season is an unusual time to be thinking about the future, but the senior-laden roster is one that would normally indicate a rebuilding season on the way the following year. Head coach Keegan Cook and his staff will have none of that. There may be a few growing pains early in fall 2018, but this is an episode of reloading, not rebuilding.
What's next?
Washington will stay in Seattle for another weekend, this time co-hosting a tournament along with Seattle University. The tournament schedule is as follows:
Friday, September 1st:
(RV) Cal Poly (3-0) at Seattle (1-2) – 6 PM (SU hosted)
Santa Clara (2-1) at #8 Washington (2-1) – 7 PM (UW hosted)
Saturday, September 2nd:
(RV) Cal Poly vs. Santa Clara – 10 AM (UW hosted)
Seattle at #8 Washington – noon (UW hosted)
Santa Clara at Seattle – 6 PM (SU hosted)
(RV) Cal Poly at #8 Washington – 7 PM (UW hosted)
Shōichi Nagata, the editor-in-chief of Shueisha 's Dash X Bunko imprint, confirmed on Friday that the imprint will publish a new spinoff volume to the Listen to Me Girls, I'm Your Father! ( Papa no Iu Koto o Kikinasai! ) light novel series. The series' creator Tomohiro Matsu passed away on May 2.
Nagata acknowledged the many messages of condolences from fans and those involved in Matsu's works, and said the entire editorial staff must move forward with Matsu's last wishes. He noted that the Dash X Bunko editors had announced on Twitter on January 22 that they will publish a spinoff to Listen to Me Girls, I'm Your Father! this spring.
However, immediately after the announcement, the editors learned that Matsu had become afflicted with a grave illness. Matsu continued to write even as he struggled with the illness. He left behind a manuscript about the novel series' three grown-up Takanashi sisters before passing away.
Upon receiving the manuscript, the staff prepared and edited it, and Nagata reported that it is now ready for publication. They plan to publish the volume, tentatively titled Papa no Iu Koto o Kikinasai! after 1 , on July 22. They will announce more details when they can and asked for the fans' patience.
Matsu is perhaps most well known for his Mayoi Neko Overrun! ( Stray Cats Overrun! ) and Listen to Me, Girls. I Am Your Father! light novel series, both of which inspired television anime series. He published 12 volumes of the Mayoi Neko Overrun! novels from 2008 to 2012, and the anime premiered in 2010. He launched the Listen to Me, Girls. I Am Your Father! novels in 2009, and ended the main story in 2015 after 18 volumes. Its anime premiered in 2012.
[Via Otakomu]
On Media: The Counter-narrative on Bias at NPR
In which I discuss the criticism of NPR from a part of the political spectrum you may not expect.
If you ask the typical American right winger why public broadcasting should be robbed of the pittance it receives from the federal government, they will typically give you a two pronged critique. One, that public broadcasting is not the role of the government and should be left to the marketplace. The second would probably be a content based critique.
The Right's narrative on NPR
While the right wing has come to treat as an article of faith that all of the media—except for the oasis of balanced fairness that is Fox News—has a “liberal bias,” NPR has become one of the central targets for criticism. Recent controversies over comments an NPR development official (fundraiser) made in one of James O' Keefe's hidden camera stings and the firing of Juan Williams, the ideologically ambiguous black commentator at the station, intensified right wing ire at the organization.
The Conventional Wisdom
Indeed, the idea that NPR has, if not an actual left-wing bent in its journalism, than the overpowering ethos and sensibility of left leaning upper middle class white elitists, is basically conventional wisdom, even among less ideological media observers—noted New York Times media reporter David Carr said of the network, “In terms of assignments and sensibility, NPR has always been more blue than red, but it's not as if it has an overt political agenda…”
The Left's Criticisms
Leaving aside the fact that even this conventional wisdom is less true than one would believe, what all of this talk obscures is the rather strident and growing criticism of NPR from the left. Some of this criticism is to the effect that NPR has simply become more of an establishment outlet, as it progressed from its genesis as a loose association of campus and community stations to the sort of nonprofit that gets philanthropic gifts from foundations of the wealthy and powerful. Others criticize NPR's reporting as giving too much airtime and credence to “pro-corporate” right wing economics and not including true progressives in the debate. The third, and in a sense, most ironic argument, is that similar to the coverage of the New York Times (another target of right wing ire that is actually deeply disliked by the movement left), the sensibility of NPR is really skewed towards the interests of the supposed “1%”—one percent radio was how one critic described it.
Too Establishment?
First to the criticism that NPR is too establishment. A piece by the left wing media pressure group Fairness and Accuracy In Reporting (FAIR) a decade ago discussed NPR's then groundbreaking success in public broadcasting, and while the writers did consider the broadcaster much better than commercial radio, which was “slid[ing] deeper into an abyss of mediocrity and corrosive gunk,” they also expressed concern about many aspects of the organization. They noted, for example, that several the executives in charge of NPR at the time of the piece (2002) were previously involved with overseeing the US's international broadcast operations, which are explicitly considered to be tools of foreign policy influence.
Two other aspects the FAIR piece criticized were the lack of “diversity of perspectives” on the network in both the realms of domestic and foreign reporting (this aspect was elaborated on in a different study by the group), and the reliance of the present day public broadcasting model on corporate underwriting packages.
Too Establishment: Stenography in the realm of national security?
The subject of national security reporting is perhaps where the movement left has focused their sharpest critiques of NPR. Critics allege that the network's reporting, much like that of other mainstream media outlets, hews too close to Pentagon-approved takes on war and presents a narrow, military-strategy focused range of debate (I wrote about this previously). Another piece by FAIR went as fair to deride NPR as National Pentagon Radio for airing a cordial interview with one of those ubiquitous retired generals on war strategy.
Earlier this year, Salon blogger Glenn Greenwald (now with The Guardian) wrote a scathing commentary on a story by NPR's national security correspondent on the supposed growing threat from Iran. Greenwald contended in his critique that the piece exemplified all that was wrong with establishment Washington reporting—reliance on government sources, uncritical relaying of State Department views, and a lack of real questioning of American government motives in the realm of external policy.
Incidentally, the same NPR reporter, Dina Temple-Raston, attacked Greenwald back in 2010 over his criticism of the US government's assassination of Anwar al-Awlaki. In an exchange that was picked up by bloggers from both the liberal American Prospect and the libertarian Reason Magazine, she told Greenwald that his criticism was invalid because she learned classified information from government sources of Awlaki's guilt in orchestrating terrorism. The rather unusual exchange, which occurred at an NYU symposium on the First Amendment and the Constitution, is in the video below beginning at 53:00.
NPR's ombudsman (to their credit, NPR is one of the few major news organizations that still has one) has fielded some of these complaints about the broadcaster's national security coverage. Back in January, Robert Naiman, the head of another left leaning watchdog group, flagged a report on Iran's alleged nuclear program because the reporter, Tom Gjelten, used phraseology implicating Iran as having a fully fledged nuclear program, something which is far from a known fact. The ombudsman responded by acknowledging the validity of concerns about NPR's national security coverage, but contending that the very premise of the report treated the existence of an Iranian nuclear weapons program as a hypothetical future event, rather than a present day certainty as Naiman's criticism implied. After listening to the report, it is clear the NPR ombudsman's narrow point of rebuttal is valid, but a quick look at the comments shows that most commenters saw the almost-semantical defense as missing the point.
Before I move on, I should note that NPR, to its credit, did prepare their own analysis of the network's Mideast reporting for the early portion of this year, which addressed their Iran coverage. However the report did fail to address Temple-Raston's March report on Iran that triggered Greenwald's criticism.
NPR: Too sympathetic to the right wing in domestic coverage?
Domestic reporting is where the other portion of left wing criticism of NPR is directed, and while some of this has come from the expected quarters on the left—FAIR's commentary on NPR's reliance on typical beltway sources implicitly argued this, some of this criticism has also come from media journalists from non-ideological outlets—last year, the Columbia Journalism Review's healthcare and campaign journalism critic Trudy Lieberman criticized an NPR report on the future of Social Security.
Lieberman focused on the fact that the report by congressional correspondent Dave Welna was premised on the Republican argument that Social Security is insolvent and in imminent need of radical restructuring. The report, in Lieberman's view, treated this trope not as a political argument of questionable validity, but as a confirmed fact, and heavily relied on sourcing from Republican politicians on the program. The same CJR writer flagged two other NPR pieces on Social Security for similarly doubtful premises (one and two).
Other economic reporting on public radio has come for scorn from the left. The popular business program Marketplace, which, while heard on most stations during broadcasts of NPR's All Things Considered, is actually produced by the wholly separate organization American Public Media, sparked some controversy last summer when one of its reporters lashed out at a viewer annoyed with the program's coverage of the debt ceiling. The original segment concerned the markets' reaction to the debt ceiling deal. The reporter, Heidi Moore, told the host of Marketplace:
“One of the things that people on Wall Street are really concerned about is entitlements: Social Security, Medicare, Medicaid. Those are obviously huge flashpoints for people, but investors want to see the costs for those come down before they really have confidence in us.”
The viewer, a New Hampshire 63 year old, was rather offended by this framing, and wrote back:
“Elizabeth Fisher: I was really angry because she [the reporter] made it sound like investors are just waiting to see whether we'll actually make the cuts to entitlements. And I'm 63, and I'm sitting here hoping there's going to be enough left of the entitlements so that I can survive the rest of my life.”
The reporter, Heidi Moore, responded to this letter in a post on her Tumblr blog, arguing that austerity was necessary to restore the US's credit ratings, and that criticizing the media for reporting what Wall Street is thinking was not productive. The Columbia Journalism Review's business press critic, Ryan Chittum, criticized the reporter's point about Wall Street reporting, but also argued that her very premise on austerity was untrue and based upon short term numbers. A quick look at the Tumblr responses again shows that CJR writer was not the only one to find her sentiment disagreeable. Here is a particularly biting response.
The debate on the left about NPR continues
Every time one of those “defund public broadcasting” debates is instigated by Congressional Republicans, there is a smaller debate inside the left about whether public broadcasting is worth saving at all. FAIR says not in its current form, while some have given up on the organization altogether—one former listener has been writing a blog, NPR Check, critiquing what he perceives as a right wing slant at NPR for several years now—but others see it differently. Public broadcasting luminary and strident progressive Bill Moyers co-authored a piece for Salon last year which advocated for a defense of NPR. Though Moyers agreed with the premise that other alternative media programs, like Amy Goodman's Democracy Now! do a better job of Speaking Truth To Power than NPR and PBS, he writes:
“better a diamond with a flaw — a big flaw — than a pebble without. For all that it [public broadcasting] provides — but mainly because it is a true journalistic, rather than ideological, alternative to commercial and partisan broadcasting — we continue to support government funding of public media until such time as a sizable trust or some other solid, independent source of funding, unfettered by political interference, can be established that will free us to tell the stories America most needs to hear.”
Conclusions
My own thoughts on this left wing critique of NPR are somewhat muddled. I will say here that I personally am an avid listener of NPR and have done some outreach work for my own public radio station (where I have heard some listeners voice similar concerns about a rightward drift at the national organization). In terms of national security reporting, it is clear that the pieces mentioned earlier were very problematic for their uncritical transcription of Pentagon and intelligence community claims, and indeed are symptomatic of larger problems with the US media's treatment of American foreign policy.
On economic and political reporting, while the organization has produced some dubious reports (as even the best of the media do), the bulk of NPR's economic coverage has a depth and evenhandedness that truly separates it from the fare of other media outlets. The movement left is correct in arguing that NPR isn't Democracy Now!, but I would argue that this is neither an indictment nor a compliment because NPR is not intended to be “alternative” media in the same way the Amy Goodman program is. DN approaches the world from an avowedly progressive perspective, which is not the role of a public broadcaster.
Advertisements
Story highlights Students wear white ribbons at Hofstra's graduation
Student Andrea Rebello was killed by police gunfire, police say
New York home invasion suspect killed in shootout was Dalton Smith, 30
He was on parole for first-degree robbery, Nassau County police say
Sunday's graduation ceremony at Hofstra University was a bittersweet affair marked by a moment of silence for a 21-year-old student killed by a police officer two days ago.
Many students at the university in East Garden City, New York, wore white ribbons on their gowns in tribute to Andrea Rebello, CNN affliate WCBS reported.
"I want to express our community's collective grief and our sorrow over the senseless and tragic death of a very young member of the Hofstra family," university President Stuart Rabinowitz said. "Our hearts and our thoughts and our prayers are with Andrea's family, and with her friends and classmates, many of whom are in this room this afternoon."
She was killed by police gunfire during a confrontation between a home invasion suspect and authorities Friday night, a police spokeswoman said Saturday.
An officer fired eight shots at the intruder, who authorities say was holding a gun to Rebello's head during a home invasion robbery at an off-campus house in Uniondale.
One shot hit Rebello in the head, Maureen Roach, a spokeswoman with the Nassau County police, said.
The intruder, whom authorities identified as Dalton Smith, 30, of Hempstead, was struck seven times and died.
Smith invaded the home Rebello shared with her twin sister and two others during the predawn hours on Friday.
At some point, a female roommate of the twins was able to leave the home and call police, a police spokesman told CNN on Friday.
When a police officer arrived, Smith told the officer he was going to kill Rebello. He turned the handgun toward the officer, she said.
The officer, fearing for his life, drew his gun and fired, Roach said.
Authorities have not identified the officer.
At the time of the shooting, Smith was wanted for jumping parole, police said.
He was on parole for first-degree robbery and had an "extensive" arrest history that includes robbery, assault, and promoting prison contraband, said police in Nassau County.
A warrant for his arrest was issued April 25 for allegedly absconding from parole, police said
Rebello's high school principal, Carol Conklin-Spillane, said the twins' home community in Westchester was heartbroken.
She described Rebello as a fun-loving, personable and self-aware young woman.
Her parents, Fernando and Nella Rebello, are closely tied to the Portuguese community, and always worked to create opportunities for their children, Conklin-Spillane said.
Rebello, a junior, was majoring in public relations.
At Sunday's graduation ceremony, Rabinowitz recalled a Bob Marley quote that Rebello found inspiring: "Live the life you love and love the life you live."
Hofstra University said it is offering counseling to students.
A funeral Mass is planned for Wednesday.
One of four 16-year-old youths arrested on suspicion of attacking a gay couple in Arnhem at the weekend is going to make a formal complaint against his alleged victims.
Lawyer Gerald Roethof, who represents the teenager, told television show Pauw his client claims the fight happened after the couple acted aggressively towards the teenagers.
Roethof also denied a bolt cutter used in the attack and that the gang were all Dutch Moroccans. The sexual orientation of the couple was also irrelevant to the case, Roethof told the programme.
Roethof said his client, who admits punching one of the men in the mouth and loosening his teeth, has now asked the police to look for surveillance camera footage to show what happened.
The police arrested a 14-year-old and a 20-year-old man shortly after the attack. The four other youths, aged 16, turned themselves into the police on Monday.
The attack on the gay couple led to a storm of protest in the Dutch media on Monday, with calls for men to walk hand in hand as a sign of solidarity.
A demonstration against anti-gay violence is set to take place in Arnhem on Saturday.
One of the victims, Ronnie Sewratan-Vernes, 31, told NOS: ‘We don't usually do that, holding hands in public, for the very reason that we don't want to provoke people. But we'd had a nice evening, it was late and we thought we were alone. And then suddenly there was a group of six to eight Moroccan youths. Before I knew it I was on the ground fighting with three men on top of me.'
The leading Dutch gay rights organisation, the COC, called for the new coalition to take measures, including tougher prison sentences, to tackle the rising frequency of homophobic attacks.
Mohamed Shugaa with his seven-year-old son Faisall (Picture: Stian Alexander)
When handing an iPad to a child, be careful to ensure your Apple ID password is kept under wraps otherwise you could end up £4,000 out of pocket like this poor dad.
Mohamed Shugaa, 32, from Crawley, was furious when he discovered that his seven-year-old son had racked up a £4,000 bill, playing the iTunes game Jurassic World on his iPad.
Though he was aware his son knew his passcode to unlock the device, he was shocked that Faisall had memorised his Apple ID password, which once entered, allowed him to make multiple purchases.
Faisall made 65 transactions playing the iTunes game Jurassic World without his dad realising (Picture: Stian Alexander)
MORE: Give prisoners iPads ‘to stay in touch with family' MoJ adviser says
Mohamed, who owns a carpet shop in Crawley, discovered the shock bill when he tried to make a purchase with a supplier.
Advertisement
Advertisement
He rang his bank and was told that 65 transactions had been made to Apple between December 13 and December 18.
Faisall had upgraded the dinosaurs using the game currency Dino Bucks without realising it was charging him in real money.
Mohamed said: ‘I was so mad. I'm 32 years old, why would Apple think I would be spending thousands of pounds on buying dinosaurs and upgrading a game?
Faisall had upgraded the dinosaurs using the game currency Dino Bucks without realising it was charging him in real money (Picture: Stian Alexander)
‘Why didn't they email me to check I knew these payments were being made? I got nothing from them. How much longer would it have gone on for?
He contacted Apple Support demanding a refund but was told there was no guarantee he'd get the money back.
MORE: All Tube staff will get iPad minis in the new year
Mohamed eventually managed to get a refund from Apple (Picture: Stian Alexander)
The father of two eventually managed to convince the company to refund it saying he needed the money to buy Christmas gifts for his children.
A statement on the Apple's website reads: ‘Our parents' guide to iTunes details the steps adults can take to make sure younger players have access to the right content. The first thing we recommend is not to share your password.'
MORE: My 30 years as a gamer – Reader's Feature
By now, Chelsea have got over the shock of missing out on Romelu Lukaku and have set their sights elsewhere, elsewhere being the Swansea striker Fernando Llorente.
This would not be the first time that Chelsea have out the moves on the Spaniard. They tried to sign him on loan in January when it looked certain that Diego Costa would be heading out the exit door.
Well, history repeats itself and Costa is once again looking for a move elsewhere and the west London side are back in for Llorente.
Llorente, who scored 15 goals for Swansea last season as he helped them avoid relegation, is currently recuperating after breaking his arm in an accident while out cycling on a family holiday. (You can read more weird injuries here!)
Although Llorente is an option, at the age of 32, he is not exactly a long-term one, but when have Chelsea ever had to worry about that, eh?
[interaction id=”595f4f31f7ddd65e0bce0824″]
SEOUL (Reuters) - South Korean authorities have found evidence that a low-risk computer “worm” had been removed from devices connected to some nuclear plant control systems, but no harmful virus was found in reactor controls threatened by a hacker.
Korea Hydro & Nuclear Power Co Ltd said it would beef up cybersecurity by hiring more IT security experts and forming an oversight committee, as it came in for fresh criticism from lawmakers following recent hacks against its headquarters.
The nuclear operator, part of state-run utility Korea Electric Power Corp, said earlier this month that non-critical data had been stolen from its systems, while a hacker threatened in Twitter messages to close three reactors.
The control systems of the two complexes housing those reactors had not been exposed to any malignant virus, Seoul's energy ministry and nuclear watchdog said in a joint statement on Tuesday, adding the systems were inaccessible from external networks.
Energy Minister Yoon Sang-jick told a parliamentary session that evidence of the presence and removal of a “worm” - which the ministry said was probably inadvertently introduced by workers using unauthorized USB devices - was unrelated to the recent hacking incidents, drawing scepticism from some lawmakers.
“I doubt control systems are perfectly safe as said,” Lee Jung-hyun, a lawmaker in the ruling Saenuri party, told the committee hearing.
Worries about nuclear safety in South Korea, which relies on nuclear reactors for a third of its power and is the world's fifth-largest nuclear power user, have mounted since the 2011 Fukushima disaster in Japan and a domestic scandal in 2012 over the supply of reactor parts with fake security certificates.
“We will prepare fundamental improvement measures by enhancing nuclear power's safe operation and hiking information security systems to the highest level following this cyberattack case,” Korea Hydro and Nuclear Power said in a statement.
Seoul prosecutors have not ruled out possible involvement of North Korea in the cyberattack on the nuclear operator, which Pyongyang has denied.
Korea Hydro and Nuclear Power President and CEO Cho Seok told the hearing that all control systems of the country's 23 nuclear reactors were safe against malignant codes. On Sunday, he said that cyberattacks on non-critical operations at the company's headquarters were continuing, although he did not elaborate for security reasons.
The nuclear plant operator said on Tuesday it was increasing the number of staff devoted to cybersecurity from 53 to around 70, and would set up a committee of internal and external experts to oversee security.
Chun Soon-ok of the opposition New Politics Alliance for Democracy party said: “The government's nuclear power policies have lost people's trust and whatever broke out only makes people concerned more.”
Caitlin McDonald is a dancer, writer and academic. Her book Global Moves are the result of several years travelling and studying dance communities across the world, and provides a fascinating glimpse into the ways people use dance to assert and explore identities. The work addresses dance as “an expression of joy”, “a site for defining appropriate gendered behaviour”, “a space for competition” and “a tool of resistance” within changing cultural norms.
First of all, I should probably provide official disclosure: I'm a friend of Dr McDonald. I first heard about the work detailed in this book over a series of pints in various Exeter pubs, when Caitlin and I discovered we shared an interest in the way cultural forms are interpreted differently across time and contexts. For me, it was Jacobean revenge tragedy and how people imagined the Early Modern theatre, for her it was belly dance and how people imagined Egypt. Unlike me, however, she had actually been to Egypt and could talk about how people there felt about the way the global belly dance community uses it as an “authenticating” place. As a participant-observer, her work takes her into dance communities to better understand them.
Global Moves documents her trips to Egypt, and her investigation of the wider belly dance world. Caitlin discusses both the dance scene in Cairo, and how dancers in other countries legitimise and anchor their own practices via references to Egypt – “how Egypt gets romanticized and fantasized in global narratives about belly dance”. Dance and its cultural associations are read via an intriguing array of evidence: legal restrictions where it can and can't take place (and what passport you need to perform certain dances); the business card of a drummer; the historical expulsion of dancers from Egypt; the arguments over what styles should be called; the statements by belly dance groups in Second Life about eternal sacred womanhood; interviews with ex-pat dancers. Here she argues that the ban on dancers in Egypt was a displaced panic over economic and social disasters which needed a scapegoat, and a pathology over “cleanliness” in the presence of communicable diseases – there she dissects the way images of “the Orient” are played with and subverted by dancers from the Middle East. There's a continual shuttling back and forth in her writing between activity and image, between the present use of a form and its past history, and how those interweave to constitute in its cultural baggage, which can then be questioned or undermined.
The book is divided into thematic chapters, which tackle specific aspects of her research: “Development of Normative Dance Paradigms in Egypt” examines what expectations exist around dance and its social place; “Sanctions: Penalize, Authorize, Globalize” explores the legal controls on dancers and their relation to the expectations which the international dance community constructs for themselves; “Dance and Theory” investigates issues of terminology and conceptualization; “Transmission and Learning” asks how dancers learn about styles and exchange information; and “Gender Choreology” brings the lens of gender performance to bear on belly dance. These are all fairly academic topics in themselves, but McDonald is always eager to apply the theory and to use concepts to illuminate actual dance styles, or meetings, or stories. For a non-specialist there is inevitably a certain amount of theory to be taken onboard – as a specialist in a not-totally-unrelated-but-fairly-distant field I found some critical ideas laboured at times because they seemed obviously reasonably, and some too quickly applied, but that's just my own disciplinary boundaries showing. If I had a criticism, it would be that the book sometimes shows its roots in a thesis: there is scrupulous methodological transparency where I would have been willing to take Dr. McDonald's approach on trust and wait to see what it had illuminated. But being too intellectually honest is not much of a vice, particularly from an academic.
Equally inevitably, the sections on gender choreology caught my eye most. In Cairo she shows us female dancers who adopt a particular (and socially recognized) identity when dealing with promoters and band members in the business side of dancing – smoking and talking “straightforwardly”, amongst other traits which would be considered “male” in that context. In the US she traces the involvement of belly dance with second-wave feminism, and examines how some dancers and teachers associate it with the rituals of an imagined ancient goddess cult. We also discover the answer to the question “what about teh bellymenz?!”, as McDonald describes how male belly dancers are framed and interpreted with regard to their gender and sexuality. There's a nice balance in this section between McDonald's critical analysis (taking on Judith Butler and going beyond her) and the specific way people talk – and gossip! – about gender and dance.
There's a lot to enjoy in Global Moves, and since it's put out by LeanPub, the work can be purchased as an ebook, priced three dollars upwards. I can't say I was a particularly unbiased reader – since I already knew I was interested in Caitlin's work and couldn't wait to see it in print – but I would heartily recommend spending the price of a cup of coffee on a copy. It's an invigorating work which, instead of explaining what this art form is and how it works, plunges us into an ongoing conversation about dance, gender, national identity and sexuality, drawing out and playing with our preconceptions. If anyone has read Caitlin's work, I'd love to hear your opinions on it in the comments.
Advertisements
Hours before the polls closed in Alabama's special election race Tuesday, a spokesperson for Roy Moore asserted that the Republican nominee “probably” thinks homosexuality should be illegal.
“Homosexuality is a sin in the biblical sense,” Ted Crockett told CNN's Jake Tapper in a bonkers interview. Although he could not provide a definitive answer on Moore's stance, the candidate himself said in 2005, while chief justice of the Alabama Supreme Court, that “homosexual conduct should be illegal.”
Based on that 12-year-old clip, Tapper repeatedly pressed Crockett: “Here is my question for you, sir, does he think that homosexual conduct should be illegal? It's a yes or no question.”
“Probably,” the spokesman responded.
Moore campaign strategist Dean Young appeared on MSNBC just moments after Crockett's CNN interview. When asked whether Moore believes homosexuality should be illegal, Young said: “No, but he disagrees with it.”
Tapper went on to ask what the punishment should be for a person engaging in a homosexual relationship and Crockett simply responded: “It's a sin, OK? That's what it is.”
Crockett also responded with silence later in the interview when he was informed that a person does not need to swear on a Christian bible in order to be an elected official. (Moore has said that Muslims cannot serve in Congress because they would swear on the Quran rather than the bible.)
Monday evening at Moore's final campaign event before the election, his discriminatory views on LGBT matters led to an emotional plea from 74-year-old Nathan Mathis.
The former county commissioner and state representative in Alabama showed up to the event with a photograph of his late daughter, a lesbian, who he said took her own life at the age of 23.
“I said bad things to my daughter myself, which I regret,” he emotionally told reporters. “But I can't take back what happened to my daughter. Stuff like saying my daughter was a pervert, I'm sure that bothered her.”
“Roy Moore called my daughter a pervert... We don't need a person like that representing us in Washington,” Mathis said of the Republican candidate. “That's why I'm here.”
Jumping into the back seat of your car, turning on the TV, and ordering the computer to drive the vehicle to your destination, is more than just a clever advance in technology; it will have massive social and industrial ramifications.
Knight Rider and Batman-inspired fantasies are about to become real, with some surprisingly serious consequences.
The avoidance of accidents will cut insurance costs, while fuel savings from more efficient long-distance cruising and congestion avoidance are big potential pluses. There will be industrial winners too. Software for in-car applications to entertain drivers with new time on their hands will boom. Radio and recorded music businesses will lose a captive audience. Railroad and short-haul airlines will suffer. If you can move from your home to your destination, door-to-door in the comfort of your car, who's going to take the train or plane? Highway speed limits are likely to be raised significantly when the new technology demonstrates it can eliminate accidents, cutting journey times and adding to the virtuous circle. All those high speed train schemes being touted in the U.S. and Britain are likely to end up being used by driver-less cars, not hugely expensive and inflexible high-speed trains.
At the Frankfurt, Germany, Car Show in September, Mercedes CEO Dieter Zetsche was driven on to the stage sitting in the back of an otherwise empty Mercedes S class. Zetsche jumped out of the back seat with typical self-confident aplomb, but you have to wonder how hard it must have been to persuade Mercedes' insurance company that the car wouldn't ignore instructions and plough into the crowd and cause mayhem. But it worked perfectly. During the presentation, Zetsche showed a video of a Mercedes being driven by a computer along a 60 mile route through cities and countryside. To conform to local laws, the car had someone in the driver's seat, but he was merely observing.
Before the end of the decade, these cars that can drive themselves will start to go on sale, initially costing about $10,000 extra. According to a report from investment bank Morgan Stanley , this is not just another gimmick like ABS brakes, 9-speed automatics or computerised road-side parking.
“This is not a toy. The social and economic implications are enormous. Beyond the practical benefits, we estimate autonomous cars can contribute $1.3 trillion in annual savings to the U.S. economy alone, with global savings estimated at over $5.6 trillion,” Morgan Stanley said.
According to the Frost & Sullivan (F&S) consultancy, autonomous cars are being pursued by most major car manufacturers with Mercedes in the lead, followed by other Germans like BMW and Volkswagen. Toyota's Lexus is at the forefront too, but Ford is also up there and closing fast. F&S says Google is in the lead, although this is as a technology provided not a carmaker.
Morgan Stanley said VW's Audi , Mercedes, BMW and Nissan are leading vehicle manufacturers for self-driving, while suppliers like Delphi, Continental , Autoliv and TRW are spending heavily. Technology companies Google, IBM and Cisco are in the field too.
“Non-auto industries with high stakes in this market include telecom services, software, media, freight transportation, semiconductors and insurance,” Morgan Stanley said.
Vehicle rental companies would seem to be under pressure.
There are some complicated issues to sort out though before cars that drive themselves become ubiquitous. If a computerised car is involved in a crash, the question of liability will have to be settled. Will it be the occupants, the manufacturer, or the supplier? Software security will be a major issue too. Imagine the mayhem if an Al Qaeda operative managed to penetrate the software of a driverless car.
There are implications for the automotive industry too.
“We believe the move to autonomous vehicles could present an existential threat to (manufacturers) who are lagging behind with the technology or do not have the balance sheets to keep up. These (manufacturers) could either go away entirely or become low-cost assemblers of cars,” Morgan Stanley said.
My favourite application so far shows just how much of a personal servant your autonomous car can be. Imagine you are taking a plane for a long trip. You drive to the airport, unload your family and stuff, and dispatch your car to the parking lot automatically. When you return a couple of weeks later, at the click of a mouse you summon it back and off you go. I'm not sure that's worth $10,000, but by the time these cars are in dealerships, the price will be slashed anyway.
Four Loko, a caffeinated alcoholic beverage, is gaining in popularity among underage drinkers and collegians in many parts of the country. Blamed for serious health and safety issues, the drink has already been banned at two universities and is being investigated by the Food and Drug Administration. Please remember that underage drinking of any alcoholic product is illegal and prohibited at UMKC, and we strongly urge everyone in our University community not to drink caffeinated alcoholic beverages.
In addition to large amounts of sugar (that mask the taste of alcohol) and caffeine (to energize the consumer), one can of Four Loko is 12% alcohol, which is equivalent of approximately 5 standard drinks. It comes in a variety of fruit flavors sold in 23.5 ounce cans that resemble non-alcoholic energy drinks.
While alcohol is a depressant and slows down respiration and heart rate, caffeine is a stimulant and can mask the effects of the alcohol consumed, making it more likely that a person will drink even more or attempt to do things–like drive–because he or she does not feel drunk.
Four Loko has caused people to experience walking blackouts, hyper-vigilance, anxiety, heart palpitations, psychosis-like episodes, extreme mood swings, alcohol poisoning and other dangerous consequences including heart attack.
If you need assistance, please contact the UMKC Counseling Center at 816-235-1635 or see their website for more information.
I actually received my gifts last week but I forced myself to wait until today before opening the package. I intentionally was vague on my profile to see what my SS would come up with. I was prepared for anything.
In the box, I received: Heavy Metal (the movie) - I hadn't seen this since high school. I remember loving it and thinking it was so incredibly cool that there was a heavy metal movie. Good job!
Gateway (book by Frederik Pohl) - although I didn't write much, SS was able to pick up and retain my favorite author is Philip K Dick. I haven't heard of Mr. Pohl, but the first sentence on the back cover is "Frederik Pohl stands shoulder to shoulder with Philip K Dick....". If true, this book will be amazing.
Thanks SS!
This morning, the Supreme Court ruled 5-4 that a crucial part of the Voting Rights Act was unconstitutional. Writing for the majority, Chief Justice John Roberts acknowledged that the VRA had played a key role in breaking down barriers preventing minorities from voting. But the court struck down Section 4 of the law, which includes a formula that determines which states and cities with a history of voting discrimination deserve additional scrutiny when changing their voting laws.
Buried deep in Roberts' opinion, on page 15, is this remarkable chart comparing voter registration numbers from 1965 to 2004. The influence of the VRA in increasing black registration percentages appears extraordinary and undeniable.
From Roberts, himself:
Census Bureau data from the most recent election indicate that African-American voter turnout exceeded white voter turnout in five of the six States originally covered by [Section 5] with a gap in the sixth State of less than one half of one percent ... In the first decade after enactment of [Section 5] the Attorney General objected to 14.2 percent of proposed voting changes. In the last decade before reenactment, the Attorney General objected to a mere 0.16 percent. There is no doubt that these improvements are in large part because of the Voting Rights Act. The Act has proved immensely successful at redressing racial discrimination and integrating the voting process.
Roberts argued that it was precisely this significant progress in eliminating barriers that helped to persuade him that the law was outdated. "The Act has not eased the restrictions [or] narrowed the scope of the coverage formula along the way," he wrote. "Those extraordinary and unprecedented features were reauthorized -- as if nothing had changed." Liberals immediately objected to the ruling, calling it an act of hubris that pretends racism is a thing of the past.
Cleanup is underway on both sides of the Ottawa River after a severe thunderstorm rolled through the National Capital Region on Wednesday and carved a path of destruction, with at least two serious injuries reported.
Environment Canada issued a severe thunderstorm warning at about 3 p.m. ET, and it wasn't long before the damage was witnessed first-hand.
Aylmer, Que., resident Jackie Godman returned home after work to her nearly 90-year-old log cabin and saw downed trees in the yard, including three that smashed through a roof and skylights.
A skylight in this Aylmer, Que., cabin broke, sending debris onto the floor below during Wednesday's storm. (Kyle Fournier)
"The impact was so strong on the house that it actually shattered the glass in the rooms where they struck. So, we're literally in a situation where we are covered in shards of glass all over the house," she said.
It was the second time in recent months her house had been affected by a natural disaster. The front of the house was flooded in May when the Ottawa River rose dramatically in a matter of days. This time, the front of the house was the only part not affected and they repurposed plywood from the flood to patch holes in the roof.
But even before she arrived home Wednesday, her neighbours had let themselves in to survey the damage and begin repairs.
"It's been really great to see everybody on the street come together and help out. We've all been kind of affected in one way or another. I've seen some branches fallen on neighbour's vehicles…. It's just great to see everyone coming together to help their neighbours," said Goldman's neighbour, Kyle Fournier, who rushed over to help.
Roof ripped off building in west end
Across the river, in Ottawa's west end, high winds tore the roof off a low-rise apartment building at Carling Avenue and Sherbourne Road.
Victoria Chellew's apartment in the building was damaged and she witnessed the destruction from across the street at a McDonald's she went to minutes before.
I looked behind me and the roof just completely ripped off. - Victoria Chellew, whose apartment was damaged in the storm
"It almost looked like we were in a carwash with how crazy the water was hitting the window. As it happened I turned around… and I saw the debris flying all over the place, and my initial thought was, 'Oh my God, if I didn't come in here sooner, I could have been hit by that,'" she said.
"And then as soon as that thought came to my mind, I looked behind me and the roof just completely ripped off."
Several people believed the extensive destruction was caused by a tornado.
Insane tornado just hit my house in Carlingwood. Hope everyone is ok <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/Ottawa?src=hash&ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">#Ottawa</a> <a href="https://t.co/e2TkeE20V2">pic.twitter.com/e2TkeE20V2</a> —@aobrien
Oh wow...there was a tornado in Ottawa!! <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/onwx?src=hash&ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">#onwx</a> —@jenwaye71
Not a tornado, Environment Canada says
According to Environment Canada, however, the damage was too widespread to be caused by a tornado and was more likely a downburst.
"When those downdrafts become particularly severe, they can hit the ground and spread out and do damage that to many people, to the public often, resembles tornadoes," said Peter Kimbell, a warning preparedness meteorologist with Environment Canada who was tracking the storm as it rolled through the region.
He recorded about 90 km/h winds at the Experimental Farm around 3:15 p.m.
"The current of air basically hits the ground and spreads out, but it's still very strong and can certainly topple trees and do damage to buildings."
But the difference is that downbursts don't rotate like tornadoes, he said.
"[A tornado] basically causes damage in a line and it's usually very long and narrow. So, when you see trees down, they typically are in a convergence fashion, so converging towards the line of damage, and often times the damage trail will be hundreds of metres long, or more, but much less wide."
Some of the damage from this afternoon's storm along Britannia Rd. <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/ottnews?src=hash&ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">#ottnews</a> <a href="https://t.co/ePkyDcGqOl">pic.twitter.com/ePkyDcGqOl</a> —@KimberleyMolina
Whatever the storm may be classified as, for Bill Ringer, 89, it was scary. He was at his home in Britannia Village watching the winds tear apart his backyard, rip down a third of his fence, some shingles off his roof and scatter his patio furniture across the lawn. He lost power after the storm because of a downed line.
With the rain, I couldn't see what was happening. All I saw were the trees bending over…. It was just a mess. - Bill Ringer, a longtime resident of Britannia Village
"I started to get worried because it was coming down so hard. With the rain, I couldn't see what was happening. All I saw were the trees bending over…. It was just a mess."
Danielle Vicha also lives in Britannia Village, and came home to find her neighbour's pine tree on top of her roof and her patio awning in tatters.
"It's just pretty surprising to see. You're driving down the street, trees down everywhere and then you turn into your driveway and then there's this massive tree just on top of your house…. The driveway's covered. The patio's covered in leaves and trees and debris."
She said she's thankful her landlord will undertake the cleanup.
2 seriously injured by trees
The two injuries reported were:
A 37-year-old woman taken to hospital in critical condition after a tree fell on her outside the General campus of the Ottawa Hospital.
A 56-year-old man struck by a falling tree near Britannia Beach, paramedics said in a tweet.
He suffered chest injuries and was taken to hospital in stable condition.
<a href="https://twitter.com/BlacksWeather">@BlacksWeather</a> <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/Harvey?src=hash">#Harvey</a> effect near Britannia beach. <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/staysafe?src=hash">#staysafe</a> <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/ottnews?src=hash">#ottnews</a> <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/thunderstorm?src=hash">#thunderstorm</a> after summer like hot day. <a href="https://t.co/wLZ3Z4yeDg">pic.twitter.com/wLZ3Z4yeDg</a> —@djignesh7576
Serious wind and rain in <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/Centretown?src=hash">#Centretown</a> <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/Ottweather?src=hash">#Ottweather</a> <a href="https://twitter.com/BlacksWeather">@BlacksWeather</a> <a href="https://t.co/HXaRHdBZw7">pic.twitter.com/HXaRHdBZw7</a> —@dan613
Storm brewing in the Nations Capital <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/onstorm?src=hash">#onstorm</a> <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/ottawa?src=hash">#ottawa</a> <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/ottstorm?src=hash">#ottstorm</a> <a href="https://t.co/339mfFpRZC">pic.twitter.com/339mfFpRZC</a> —@Sarah_Stephen
Another view of the damage in Alta Vista. The storm brought down half the tree. <a href="https://twitter.com/BlacksWeather">@blacksweather</a> <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/ottnews?src=hash">#ottnews</a> <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/ottweather?src=hash">#ottweather</a> <a href="https://t.co/J4TAZSKsGK">pic.twitter.com/J4TAZSKsGK</a> —@globerman
Whoa! Went from watching windsurfers at Britannia Beach to dodging tree branches & downed trees on Carling Ave & in Westboro <a href="https://twitter.com/CBCOttawa">@CBCOttawa</a> <a href="https://t.co/ykblXeb11w">pic.twitter.com/ykblXeb11w</a> —@ShannAnderson
That must have been a tornado in Aylmer. Massive trees uprooted. Power out. <a href="https://twitter.com/BlacksWeather">@BlacksWeather</a> <a href="https://t.co/QbwXIjI0Zd">pic.twitter.com/QbwXIjI0Zd</a> —@travelblissnow
Tree damages along the Ottawa River Pathway is unbelievable. <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/ottstorm?src=hash&ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">#ottstorm</a> <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/ottbike?src=hash&ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">#ottbike</a> <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/ottweather?src=hash&ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">#ottweather</a> <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/ottnews?src=hash&ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">#ottnews</a> <a href="https://t.co/jc36RMK83A">pic.twitter.com/jc36RMK83A</a> —@_mnapiorkowski
Introduction
Our Roman numerals chart provides a simple introduction to the Roman numbering system, and how this system relates to our own.
Now, you may think that there is not a whole lot of value in your child learning this ancient system of writing numbers. Well, allow us to convince you!
Benefits of learning Roman numerals
1. School curriculum: Roman numerals are taught in school (in most countries), so if your child already knows them they will have a nice little headstart.
2. Addition and subtraction practice: Take for example the number 89, or, as the Romans would have written it: LXXXIX. This translates to 50 + 10 + 10 + 10 + (10 – 1). Virtually every Roman number requires some level of mental arithmetic and the more practice that your child gets at this, the better!
3. Place value: The concept of place value is an important one for children to master. The fact that Roman numerals do not have place value is interesting to explore with your child, and may help in their understanding of it.
For example, you could point out that in the number 15, “5” represents “five ones”, whereas in 51, it represents “five tens” – and compare this to how in Roman numerals, V always means “5”, no matter where it appears in the number.
4. Lack of zero (more advanced): It may surprise you, but the incorporation of zero into a numerical system was a landmark moment in mathematical history, and, as advanced as they were, it was beyond the Romans. As a result, although their number system is fine for tallying things up it is not good for addition and subtraction, let alone multiplication and division. If this is of interest to you or your child, you may enjoy this article.
5. Very large numbers (more advanced): You will see on the Roman numerals chart we have included a million and a billion right at the end. If your child is suitably advanced, discussing such enormous numbers with them can be fun and can stimuate their imagination and sense of wonder.
6. General knowledge: A basic ability to recognize and read Roman numerals is expected of a well-educated adult. Whether it is inscriptions on old buildings, on clocks, or at the end of films, Roman numerals crop up relatively often and an ability to decipher them is often regarded as a subtle hallmark of intelligence.
7. Fun: Mastering Roman numerals is a bit like learning a secret code. And, once you know how they work, every time you see one it can be a challenge to try to quickly work out what number it is. In our modern world where there is so much negativity surrounding math (and how difficult and boring it is!) any chance for your child to have fun with it should not be missed!
Final word
We think that printing and displaying our free Roman numerals chart is a great little way to boost your child's mathematical proficiency.
However, if your child finds it boring or baffling, don't try to force the issue – simply put it away for another day and move on to something else, such as a more traditional number chart like this.
Get the latest news and videos for this game daily, no spam, no fuss.
Developer Edge of Reality announced that Loadout, its free-to-play "over-the-top" multiplayer shooter, will launch on Jan. 31, 2014.
Loadout claims that its weapon-crafting system will allow over 44 billion possible variations for players to assemble, allowing them to define their own class and play style.
Edge of Reality has 15 years of experience in the industry, contributing to projects like Mass Effect, Tony Hawk's Pro Skater, The Sims, and Dragon Age. Loadout is its first original game. "We couldn't be more excited to open it up to the masses,” CEO Rob Cohen said in a press release. “We started this as a passion project, working on it when we could, and trying to create something original and truly player-friendly. What we've got now is a game that's a blast to play, quick and easy to get into, and empowers players with insane amounts of customization.”
Currently in early access, Loadout will be available through Steam when it launches, but you can create an account and reserve a name tag now here.
Canada's tax authority refuses to say how often it has used international treaties and agreements to obtain information on tax cheats, despite a commitment by the national revenue minister to publish these statistics. Canada has a world-leading 115 tax treaties and Tax Information Exchange Agreements (TIEAs). Since 2010, tax cheats and criminals have used these treaties to move money in and out of Canada to avoid paying taxes anywhere. But these agreements have language that should, in principle, allow the CRA to compel foreign nations — including some of the world's most notorious tax havens — to provide information on Canadian tax cheats' activities.
National Revenue Minister Diane Lebouthillier committed in February to release data on requests for information made through Canada's world-leading 115 tax treaties and agreements. ( Justin Tang / THE CANADIAN PRESS )
But the Canada Revenue Agency (CRA) has never said how often it has actually received information under these agreements and refused to release figures to the Star under access to information laws. This data would be crucial to determine whether Canada's international tax agreements have helped catch offshore tax evaders, as intended — or whether they have only made it easier for Canadians to spirit money offshore, out of the reach of the CRA. National Revenue Minister Diane Lebouthillier committed to releasing the data after Parliament's Standing Committee on Finance highlighted the issue last year.
Article Continued Below
“Recognizing that all exchanges with treaty partners are protected under treaty, Canada will seek opportunities to publish statistical information on the number of taxpayer exchanges with other jurisdictions involving risk assessment, simultaneous or joint audits, and criminal investigations,” Lebouthillier wrote in a response tabled in the House of Commons in February. Despite this, the CRA last month refused the Star's request to release how many times Canada had made or received requests for information under the agreements, and how many times those inquiries had met no response. “We have enclosed a copy of the requested information,” read the CRA's response. “When you review the documents, you will note that all of the information has been removed.” The tax agency cited parts of the Access to Information Act that exempt disclosure of information obtained in confidence from a foreign government and information that “could reasonably be expected to be injurious to the conduct of international affairs.” When the Star contacted Lebouthillier's office to point out that she had committed to releasing the statistics, her spokesperson said she was unable to intervene.
“The minister's office cannot interfere in the (access to information) process and give instruction to the agency on how to respond to a request,” ministerial spokesperson Cédrick Beauregard wrote in an email. The Star's reporting from the Panama Papers leak has exposed tax evasion schemes that exploit Canada's network of treaties and TIEAs to make it appear as if taxes are being paid overseas — a technique called “treaty shopping.”
Article Continued Below
Earlier this month, Canada joined an international effort to end treaty shopping, which allows “corporate profits to ‘disappear' or be artificially shifted to low or no tax environments,” said the OECD, which sponsored the initiative. Treaty shopping “defeats the purpose of bilateral tax treaties and poses risks to the Canadian and international tax bases,” wrote the finance ministry in a briefing. The OECD initiative doesn't apply to Canada's TIEAs, 22 agreements signed exclusively with tax havens that have had the unintended consequence of facilitating tax evasion. Without the CRA statistics on their use, it's impossible to determine whether TIEAs have helped catch any tax evaders.
eso1736 — Science Release
Closest Temperate World Orbiting Quiet Star Discovered
ESO's HARPS instrument finds Earth-mass exoplanet around Ross 128
A temperate Earth-sized planet has been discovered only 11 light-years from the Solar System by a team using ESO's unique planet-hunting HARPS instrument. The new world has the designation Ross 128 b and is now the second-closest temperate planet to be detected after Proxima b. It is also the closest planet to be discovered orbiting an inactive red dwarf star, which may increase the likelihood that this planet could potentially sustain life. Ross 128 b will be a prime target for ESO's Extremely Large Telescope, which will be able to search for biomarkers in the planet's atmosphere.
A team working with ESO's High Accuracy Radial velocity Planet Searcher (HARPS) at the La Silla Observatory in Chile has found that the red dwarf star Ross 128 is orbited by a low-mass exoplanet every 9.9 days. This Earth-sized world is expected to be temperate, with a surface temperature that may also be close to that of the Earth. Ross 128 is the “quietest” nearby star to host such a temperate exoplanet.
“This discovery is based on more than a decade of HARPS intensive monitoring together with state-of-the-art data reduction and analysis techniques. Only HARPS has demonstrated such a precision and it remains the best planet hunter of its kind, 15 years after it began operations,” explains Nicola Astudillo-Defru (Geneva Observatory – University of Geneva, Switzerland), who co-authored the discovery paper.
Red dwarfs are some of the coolest, faintest — and most common — stars in the Universe. This makes them very good targets in the search for exoplanets and so they are increasingly being studied. In fact, lead author Xavier Bonfils (Institut de Planétologie et d'Astrophysique de Grenoble – Université Grenoble-Alpes/CNRS, Grenoble, France), named their HARPS programme The shortcut to happiness, as it is easier to detect small cool siblings of Earth around these stars, than around stars more similar to the Sun [1].
Many red dwarf stars, including Proxima Centauri, are subject to flares that occasionally bathe their orbiting planets in deadly ultraviolet and X-ray radiation. However, it seems that Ross 128 is a much quieter star, and so its planets may be the closest known comfortable abode for possible life.
Although it is currently 11 light-years from Earth, Ross 128 is moving towards us and is expected to become our nearest stellar neighbour in just 79 000 years — a blink of the eye in cosmic terms. Ross 128 b will by then take the crown from Proxima b and become the closest exoplanet to Earth!
With the data from HARPS, the team found that Ross 128 b orbits 20 times closer than the Earth orbits the Sun. Despite this proximity, Ross 128 b receives only 1.38 times more irradiation than the Earth. As a result, Ross 128 b's equilibrium temperature is estimated to lie between -60 and 20°C, thanks to the cool and faint nature of its small red dwarf host star, which has just over half the surface temperature of the Sun. While the scientists involved in this discovery consider Ross 128b to be a temperate planet, uncertainty remains as to whether the planet lies inside, outside, or on the cusp of the habitable zone, where liquid water may exist on a planet's surface [2].
Astronomers are now detecting more and more temperate exoplanets, and the next stage will be to study their atmospheres, composition and chemistry in more detail. Vitally, the detection of biomarkers such as oxygen in the very closest exoplanet atmospheres will be a huge next step, which ESO's Extremely Large Telescope (ELT) is in prime position to take [3].
“New facilities at ESO will first play a critical role in building the census of Earth-mass planets amenable to characterisation. In particular, NIRPS, the infrared arm of HARPS, will boost our efficiency in observing red dwarfs, which emit most of their radiation in the infrared. And then, the ELT will provide the opportunity to observe and characterise a large fraction of these planets,” concludes Xavier Bonfils.
Notes
[1] A planet orbiting close to a low-mass red dwarf star has a larger gravitational effect on the star than a similar planet orbiting further out from a more massive star like the Sun. As a result, this “reflex motion” velocity is much easier to spot. However, the fact that red dwarfs are fainter makes it harder to collect enough signal for the very precise measurements that are needed.
[2] The habitable zone is defined by the range of orbits around a star in which a planet can possess the appropriate temperature for liquid water to exist on the planet's surface.
[3] This is only possible for the very few exoplanets that are close enough to the Earth to be angularly resolved from their stars.
More information
This research was presented in a paper entitled “A temperate exo-Earth around a quiet M dwarf at 3.4 parsecs”, by X. Bonfils et al., to appear in the journal Astronomy & Astrophysics.
The team is composed of X. Bonfils (Univ. Grenoble Alpes, CNRS, IPAG, Grenoble, France [IPAG]), N. Astudillo-Defru (Observatoire de Genève, Université de Genève, Sauverny, Switzerland), R. Díaz (CONICET – Universidad de Buenos Aires, Instituto de Astronomía y Física del Espacio (IAFE), Buenos Aires, Argentina), J.-M. Almenara (Observatoire de Genève, Université de Genève, Sauverny, Switzerland), T. Forveille (IPAG), F. Bouchy (Observatoire de Genève, Université de Genève, Sauverny, Switzerland), X. Delfosse (IPAG), C. Lovis (Observatoire de Genève, Université de Genève, Sauverny, Switzerland), M. Mayor (Observatoire de Genève, Université de Genève, Sauverny, Switzerland), F. Murgas (Instituto de Astrofísica de Canarias, La Laguna, Tenerife, Spain), F. Pepe (Observatoire de Genève, Université de Genève, Sauverny, Switzerland), N. C. Santos (Instituto de Astrofísica e Ciências do Espaço and Universidade do Porto, Portugal), D. Ségransan (Observatoire de Genève, Université de Genève, Sauverny, Switzerland), S. Udry (Observatoire de Genève, Université de Genève, Sauverny, Switzerland) and A. Wü̈nsche (IPAG)
ESO is the foremost intergovernmental astronomy organisation in Europe and the world's most productive ground-based astronomical observatory by far. It is supported by 16 countries: Austria, Belgium, Brazil, the Czech Republic, Denmark, France, Finland, Germany, Italy, the Netherlands, Poland, Portugal, Spain, Sweden, Switzerland and the United Kingdom, along with the host state of Chile and by Australia as a strategic partner. ESO carries out an ambitious programme focused on the design, construction and operation of powerful ground-based observing facilities enabling astronomers to make important scientific discoveries. ESO also plays a leading role in promoting and organising cooperation in astronomical research. ESO operates three unique world-class observing sites in Chile: La Silla, Paranal and Chajnantor. At Paranal, ESO operates the Very Large Telescope and its world-leading Very Large Telescope Interferometer as well as two survey telescopes, VISTA working in the infrared and the visible-light VLT Survey Telescope. ESO is also a major partner in two facilities on Chajnantor, APEX and ALMA, the largest astronomical project in existence. And on Cerro Armazones, close to Paranal, ESO is building the 39-metre Extremely Large Telescope, the ELT, which will become “the world's biggest eye on the sky”.
Links
Contacts
Xavier Bonfils
Institut de Planétologie et d'Astrophysique de Grenoble – Université Grenoble-Alpes/CNRS
Grenoble, France
Email: xavier.bonfils@univ-grenoble-alpes.fr
Nicola Astudillo-Defru
Geneva Observatory – University of Geneva
Geneva, Switzerland
Email: nicola.astudillo@unige.ch
Richard Hook
ESO Public Information Officer
Garching bei München, Germany
Tel: +49 89 3200 6655
Cell: +49 151 1537 3591
Email: rhook@eso.org
Connect with ESO on social media
In 1958 a young Rupert Murdoch, then owner and editor of Adelaide's The News, wrote: "In the race between secrecy and truth, it seems inevitable that truth will always win."
His observation perhaps reflected his father Keith Murdoch's expose that Australian troops were being needlessly sacrificed by incompetent British commanders on the shores of Gallipoli. The British tried to shut him up but Keith Murdoch would not be silenced and his efforts led to the termination of the disastrous Gallipoli campaign.
Nearly a century later, WikiLeaks is also fearlessly publishing facts that need to be made public.
I grew up in a Queensland country town where people spoke their minds bluntly. They distrusted big government as something that could be corrupted if not watched carefully. The dark days of corruption in the Queensland government before the Fitzgerald inquiry are testimony to what happens when the politicians gag the media from reporting the truth.
These things have stayed with me. WikiLeaks was created around these core values. The idea, conceived in Australia, was to use internet technologies in new ways to report the truth.
WikiLeaks coined a new type of journalism: scientific journalism. We work with other media outlets to bring people the news, but also to prove it is true. Scientific journalism allows you to read a news story, then to click online to see the original document it is based on. That way you can judge for yourself: Is the story true? Did the journalist report it accurately?
Democratic societies need a strong media and WikiLeaks is part of that media. The media helps keep government honest. WikiLeaks has revealed some hard truths about the Iraq and Afghan wars, and broken stories about corporate corruption.
People have said I am anti-war: for the record, I am not. Sometimes nations need to go to war, and there are just wars. But there is nothing more wrong than a government lying to its people about those wars, then asking these same citizens to put their lives and their taxes on the line for those lies. If a war is justified, then tell the truth and the people will decide whether to support it.
If you have read any of the Afghan or Iraq war logs, any of the US embassy cables or any of the stories about the things WikiLeaks has reported, consider how important it is for all media to be able to report these things freely.
WikiLeaks is not the only publisher of the US embassy cables. Other media outlets, including Britain's The Guardian, The New York Times, El Pais in Spain and Der Spiegel in Germany have published the same redacted cables.
Yet it is WikiLeaks, as the co-ordinator of these other groups, that has copped the most vicious attacks and accusations from the US government and its acolytes. I have been accused of treason, even though I am an Australian, not a US, citizen. There have been dozens of serious calls in the US for me to be "taken out" by US special forces. Sarah Palin says I should be "hunted down like Osama bin Laden", a Republican bill sits before the US Senate seeking to have me declared a "transnational threat" and disposed of accordingly. An adviser to the Canadian Prime Minister's office has called on national television for me to be assassinated. An American blogger has called for my 20-year-old son, here in Australia, to be kidnapped and harmed for no other reason than to get at me.
And Australians should observe with no pride the disgraceful pandering to these sentiments by Julia Gillard and her government. The powers of the Australian government appear to be fully at the disposal of the US as to whether to cancel my Australian passport, or to spy on or harass WikiLeaks supporters. The Australian Attorney-General is doing everything he can to help a US investigation clearly directed at framing Australian citizens and shipping them to the US.
Prime Minister Gillard and US Secretary of State Hillary Clinton have not had a word of criticism for the other media organisations. That is because The Guardian, The New York Times and Der Spiegel are old and large, while WikiLeaks is as yet young and small.
We are the underdogs. The Gillard government is trying to shoot the messenger because it doesn't want the truth revealed, including information about its own diplomatic and political dealings.
Has there been any response from the Australian government to the numerous public threats of violence against me and other WikiLeaks personnel? One might have thought an Australian prime minister would be defending her citizens against such things, but there have only been wholly unsubstantiated claims of illegality. The Prime Minister and especially the Attorney-General are meant to carry out their duties with dignity and above the fray. Rest assured, these two mean to save their own skins. They will not.
Every time WikiLeaks publishes the truth about abuses committed by US agencies, Australian politicians chant a provably false chorus with the State Department: "You'll risk lives! National security! You'll endanger troops!" Then they say there is nothing of importance in what WikiLeaks publishes. It can't be both. Which is it?
It is neither. WikiLeaks has a four-year publishing history. During that time we have changed whole governments, but not a single person, as far as anyone is aware, has been harmed. But the US, with Australian government connivance, has killed thousands in the past few months alone.
US Secretary of Defence Robert Gates admitted in a letter to the US congress that no sensitive intelligence sources or methods had been compromised by the Afghan war logs disclosure. The Pentagon stated there was no evidence the WikiLeaks reports had led to anyone being harmed in Afghanistan. NATO in Kabul told CNN it couldn't find a single person who needed protecting. The Australian Department of Defence said the same. No Australian troops or sources have been hurt by anything we have published.
But our publications have been far from unimportant. The US diplomatic cables reveal some startling facts:
► The US asked its diplomats to steal personal human material and information from UN officials and human rights groups, including DNA, fingerprints, iris scans, credit card numbers, internet passwords and ID photos, in violation of international treaties. Presumably Australian UN diplomats may be targeted, too.
► King Abdullah of Saudi Arabia asked the US to attack Iran.
► Officials in Jordan and Bahrain want Iran's nuclear program stopped by any means available.
► Britain's Iraq inquiry was fixed to protect "US interests".
► Sweden is a covert member of NATO and US intelligence sharing is kept from parliament.
► The US is playing hardball to get other countries to take freed detainees from Guantanamo Bay. Barack Obama agreed to meet the Slovenian President only if Slovenia took a prisoner. Our Pacific neighbour Kiribati was offered millions of dollars to accept detainees.
In its landmark ruling in the Pentagon Papers case, the US Supreme Court said "only a free and unrestrained press can effectively expose deception in government". The swirling storm around WikiLeaks today reinforces the need to defend the right of all media to reveal the truth.
Various groups and fans have been more vocal recently about being outraged and offended by offensive lyrics from rappers. Most recently we have the Lil Wayne Emmett Till line, and the Rick Ross date-rap reference, and the most recent, J. Cole's line on his "Jodeci" freestyle with Drake about autistic people. Now Cole has penned a heartfelt letter apologizing for the line.
There was a petition filed by the Anti-Bullying Alliance shortly after the track was released, but the NC native wanted to be clear that the letter had nothing to do with pressure, and it was just when he listened to the line again, "I'm artistic, you niggas is autistic, retarded," and saw how it truly negatively affected some people he knew he had to apologize.
In the letter he insists this was not to appease anyone, but just make right something he felt was wrong. He posted a link on Twitter and put up the letter which you can read below.
Recently there's been a trend that includes rappers saying something
offensive, only to be attacked for it in the media and pressured to
apologize. I have to be completely honest and say there's a part of me
that resents that. I view rap similar to how I view comedy. It's going
to ruffle feathers at times. It's going to go “too far”. I do not
believe that an apology is needed every time someone is offended,
especially when that apology is really only for the sake of saving an
endorsement or cleaning up bad press.
With that said, this is not the case today. This letter is sincere.
This apology IS necessary.
In a recent verse on the song “Jodeci Freestyle”, I said something
highly offensive to people with Autism. Last week, when I first saw a
comment from someone outraged about the lyric, I realized right away
that what I said was wrong. I was instantly embarrassed that I would
be ignorant enough say something so hurtful. What makes the crime
worse is that I should have known better.
To the entire Autism community who expressed outrage, I'm moved and
inspired by your passion, and I'm amazed at how strong you are as a
unit. I have now read stories online from parents about their
struggles and triumphs with raising an Autistic child and I admire how
incredibly strong you have to be to do so. It's touching. It also
makes what I said even more embarrassing for me. I feel real shame.
You have every right to be angry.
To anyone suffering from Autism, either mildly or severely, I am
sorry. I'm bound to make mistakes in my life, but in my heart I just
want to spread Love.
I want to educate myself more on Autism, and I'll gladly own my
mistake and serve as an example to today's generation that there's
nothing cool about mean-spirited comments about someone with Autism.
People with this disorder and their loved ones have to go through so
much already, the last thing they need is to hear something as
ignorant as what I said. I understand.
To the parents who are fighting through the frustrations that must
come with raising a child with severe autism, finding strength and
patience that they never knew they had; to the college student with
Asperger's Syndrome; to all those overcoming Autism. You deserve
medals, not disrespect. I hope you accept my sincere apology.
Much Love
-Cole
[Update: Drake Issues Apology]
After J Cole made his heartfelt apology over the weekend, Drake decided to follow suit and take to his OVO blog this evening to state his apology. He also added that the lyric will be removed from the song. Drake's statement read:
"J.Cole wrote a beautiful and moving apology to individuals and families affected by autism who were understandably hurt by a verse in “Jodeci Freestyle”. I share responsibility and offer my sincerest apologies for the pain this has caused. Individuals with autism have brilliant and creative minds, and their gifts should not be disparaged or discounted. This was a learning lesson for both of us, and I'm grateful for the opportunity to try to right this wrong. J. Cole and I believe that it is the right, responsible, and respectful decision to remove the lyric from the song."
[Via]
Lights-to-flag win for Lundqvist after measured drive from Double R racer.
Ericsson ensures a Swedish lock out of the top step by claiming Ford F4 Challenge Cup victory.
First non-finish of season for title contender Piastri.
26 AUGUST, 2017 – Linus Lundqvist withstood pressure from a fast-starting Oliver York to take a commanding win from pole position in Round 22 of the F4 British Championship certified by FIA – powered by Ford EcoBoost.
York sniffed his second victory of the season in the opening exchanges through turns one and two, at one point just nudging in front of Lundqvist. However, the Swede was wise to his advances and kept York pinned to the outside to prevent him from scything past.
The Double R ace then set about pulling a gap and controlled the pace out front on the way to his fourth win of the campaign, with York 1.895 seconds behind.
“It's brilliant to be able to add to my tally of wins for the season,” said Lundqvist. “I was so happy after qualifying on pole and now I'm on a whole other level!
“It was a bit tough at the start, defending the lead from the guys behind, but I held on and pulled a gap.
“Then it was all about managing the tyres which was made harder by being chased by York. So I had to manage the tyres while trying to maintain the gap which is not easy.
“I'm hugely excited to see what we can achieve tomorrow. I'm so happy with how the car is handling. The team have done an incredible job. It's always so exciting to get behind the wheel of the British F4 car. Let's see if we can get another win this weekend.”
“We were very evenly matched at the front,” added York. “Linus got a gap in the first part of the race. I managed to get alongside and just slightly in front of him through the first and second corners, but was on the outside so couldn't quite make the move stick.
“Second is a good result. It's good points for the championship and we can build on this.
“Even though I got my first win a fortnight ago we've been struggling a bit so it's good to qualify well and carry that through into the race, battling at the front and showing we have the pace to win. Hopefully we can bag plenty more points tomorrow.”
Another fast starter was Jamie Caroline with lightning reactions off the line from fifth on the grid. The championship leader ran three abreast with Carlin team-mate Logan Sargeant and TRS Arden's Ayrton Simmons on the run into Deene, running around the outside of the pair to emerge in third place.
Struggling with worn tyres, Caroline was unable to escape Sargeant's clutches and in the closing stages his mirrors were full of Sargeant's Ford EcoBoost-powered racer.
Caroline's saving grace was a better run out of Brooke Chicane lap after lap. It was just enough to prevent Sargeant from getting sufficient slipstream down the straight and around the turn one banking to set up a move into Deene.
“We were fortunate in that race that Piastri was unable to finish and that I was able to hold on to third,” explained Caroline.
“We were on our most used tyres in that race which showed with the kind of lap times we were achieving, as well as the fact I was drifting through quite a few corners!
“It's not a bad result at all as far as the championship is concerned with another good points haul.
“If we can get a podium in all three races this weekend that would be brilliant and then go into Silverstone with the chance of taking the title there.
“I initially pulled a gap to Logan and was catching York, but I just knew I didn't have it in the tyres to mount a proper attack so I backed off, but then the tyres dropped off further and Logan was able to reel me in.
“I was kind of surprised I was able to pull away from Logan coming out of the last corner and onto the banking because I was struggling for traction due to the life left in the tyres. On one lap I even rubbed along the wall and I have no idea how the car stayed intact. Ford and Mygale clearly know how to build a strong car!”
As Caroline and Sargeant squabbled, the TRS Arden duo of Ayrton Simmons and Alex Quinn looked to pick up the pieces, but ran out of laps and had to settle for fifth and sixth; ahead of Patrik Pasma whose seventh place earns him pole for the reverse-grid race.
Caroline's third could prove all the more decisive when taking into consideration the fate of Oscar Piastri in the race. His chief title rival suffered front wing damage early on and then encountered a technical problem which left him dropping down the order despite an impressive rear-guard action which saw him initially keep a gaggle of six cars behind him.
The Aussie ultimately had to retire on lap six after coming into the pits. His first non-finish of the season after a remarkable run of 21 consecutive races in the points.
Jamie Sharp was in fine form for Sharp Motorsport, showing no signs of the balance issues that hampered him on Friday to climb more places than any other driver from 13th to eighth. The Rochdale racer pulled off some perfectly-judged moves, notably a bold dive up the inside of Karl Massaad at Tarzan.
The latter finished ahead of Fortec Motorsports' Hampus Ericsson who is making a habit of taking Ford F4 Challenge Cup victories, and did so again with his fourth Class win of the campaign with Olli Caldwell (TRS Arden) and Lucca Allen (Falcon Motorsport) completing the podium.
Caldwell found himself facing an uphill battle from lap two after a tangle at Tarzan saw him spun around. The talented teenager was unperturbed though and climbed up to 12th, behind Sam Smelt (GW Motorsport) after entertaining battles with Allen and Carlin's Lucas Alecco Roy.
Ford's young stars are back on track at Rockingham at 1005 tomorrow for the reverse-grid race with the Rockingham finale, in which Sargeant will go from the pole, to be televised live on ITV4 at 1512.
F4 British Championship certified by FIA – powered by Ford EcoBoost
Provisional results Round 22 Rockingham 26 August 2017
15 laps / 29.10 miles
1 Linus LUNDQVIST / SWE / Double R 20m 05.929s / 86.87mph
2 Oliver YORK / GBR / Fortec +1.895s
3 Jamie CAROLINE / GBR / Carlin +5.329s
4 Logan SARGEANT / USA / Carlin +5.672s
5 Ayrton SIMMONS / GBR / Arden +6.010s
6 Alex QUINN / GBR / Arden +7.235s
7 Patrik PASMA / FIN / Carlin +15.905s
8 Jamie SHARP / GBR / Sharp +19.923s
9 Karl MASSAAD / LEB / Double R +21.332s
10 Hampus ERICSSON / SWE / Fortec +24.284s etc.
Fastest lap: Linus Lundqvist 1m 19.629s / 87.70mph
Ford F4 Challenge Cup: 1 Ericsson; 2 Caldwell; 3 Allen
Grid for Round 23 Pasma – Quinn – Simmons – Sargeant – Caroline – York – Lundqvist – Sharp – Massaad – Ericsson etc.
Provisional championship standings
1 Caroline 349 points; 2 Piastri 288.5; 3 Sargeant 246; 4 Lundqvist 229.5; 5 Quinn 224; 6 York 187.5; 7 Simmons 179.5; 8 Pasma 123.5; 9 Webb 68; 10 Massaad 66 etc.
Provisional Ford F4 Challenge Cup standings
1 Webb 315.5 points; 2 York 304.5; 3 Ericsson 200.5; 4 Caldwell 161; 5 Monger 100; 6 Allen 87
Full results
Police Claim That Allowing People To Film Them In Public Creates 'Chilling Effects'
from the those-aren't-the-chilling-effects-you're-thinking-of dept
"They need to move quickly, in split seconds, without giving a lot of thought to what the adverse consequences for them might be," says Jim Pasco, executive director of the Fraternal Order of Police.
"We feel that anything that's going to have a chilling effect on an officer moving -- an apprehension that he's being videotaped and may be made to look bad -- could cost him or some citizen their life," Pasco says, "or some serious bodily harm."
Khaliah Fitchette's lawyers in New Jersey say her detention was illegal. But Fitchette still says she'd think twice before filming police in Newark again.
"It would have to be important enough to get myself in trouble for, I guess," she says.
She has this attitude, Fitchette says, because she thinks she could get in trouble again, even though her detention was allegedly unlawful.
There isn't a ton of new information in this NPR piece on how police still can't stand the fact that people record them with cameras and cameraphones, but it's one of the first articles on the subject that has actually laid out an argument forpolice think it's bad that people out in public can film them:Frankly, this makes absolutely no sense. Why would a police officer think twice about doing his or her job if there are legitimate reasons to do what's being done? The only time I could see a "chilling effect" on the actions of officers, is if what they're doing is not legal.Meanwhile, the article does show theof officers intimidating people who are filming them. The article tells the story of a teenager who tried filming police in Newark, New Jersey last year, and for her troubles, was handcuffed, put in the back of a squad car, and had the videos deleted off the phone. She was released two hours later and no charges were filed (though, she's now suing the Newark Police Department). Still, when asked, the woman, Khaliah Fitchette, says that she probably wouldn't film police in Newark again:Nowis a chilling effect.
Filed Under: chilling effects, filming, police
This police department in state of Nebraska takes on helping rescue dogs to the streets.
Nebraska's La Vista Police Department created K9 For a Day, an initiative that allows officers to take out rescue dogs from their shelter – Nebraska Humane Society. From which these dogs are then assigned as a K9 dog for the day. The officer and their new found favorite sidekick join one another's side as they journey around towns of Nebraska, increasing their dog's chance of adoption.
This humane act of kindness had first been decided when Mickey, a mixed Bull Terrier breed, was a success. Mickey had charmed his way into the hearts of each person he had crossed paths with on the patrol. Days later, after his first day as a K9 dog, Mickey was adopted.
According La Vista Captain, Officer Bryan Waugh, K9 for a day is an amazing outreach program for both dog and the Police department.
Not only does K9 for a day raise awareness and help dogs find a loving home, this is an opportunity for the cops to bond with their community.
From shelter dog, to patrol, to finding a warm home.
Their first success was when Officer Jeanette's took out Mickey as his K9 for a day.
Mickey and Officer Jeanette during patrol.
Mickey charming the kids.
Mickey is such a natural charmer. Striking interest in every path they crossed.
Officer Jeanette let everyone know that Mickey was up for adoption.
A few days later, Mickey was adopted.
K9 for a Day's first success.
Watch Mickey's day as a K9 in the video below.
For more information on how to adopt via Nebraska Humane Society, visit www.nehumanesociety.org
This article was inspired by justsomething.co
“But will I get a job at the end of it?” — that's often the priority question from prospective students when they're weighing up whether to enroll on a design program like Designlab's UX Academy.
Over the past few months, we've been piloting Career Services in UX Academy — a new feature we're incredibly excited about. Students are assigned to a Career Coach at the end of the course, and they then work together for up to 3 months to improve their portfolio, job applications, and interview techniques. In this article, we explain the thinking behind Career Services, outline how it works, and explore some of the ways that it's already benefiting students.
1. The need for employability
People often consider enrolling on a design bootcamp because they are unhappy with their current work, and are researching how to retrain for a new career doing something they are passionate about.
Students joining our UX Academy program tend to have quite different needs from those considering college education. Significantly, most UX Academy applicants are already in stable employment, sometimes with excellent pay. Our students also tend to be a little older than college entrants (usually in their mid-20s to mid-30s), and may have children, mortgages, and other commitments.
Understandably, coming from this position can lead to a focus on the risks of retraining. So it's our job as educators at Designlab to provide courses that not only equip students with the right skills for today's industry, but also create confidence in the rewards of completing the program.
Up to now, we've been meeting these needs in 3 main ways:
Teaching a rigorous curriculum in design theory, process, and technique (Phase 1)
in design theory, process, and technique (Phase 1) Facilitating 3 realistic design briefs (“Capstones”) and portfolio preparation (Phase 2)
(“Capstones”) and portfolio preparation (Phase 2) Offering a 6-month job guarantee, which promises a refund of the course fee to those not securing an entry-level position in the industry within 6 months of completing the program.
As part of UX Academy, students already benefit from at least 24 1-on-1 sessions with expert design mentors currently working in the industry. While this gives students excellent insight into the realities of a career in design in today's world, that mentoring alone doesn't offer career support once students have completed the coursework and received their certificate of completion.
To better meet this need, we are proud to announce the introduction of Career Services.
2. Introducing Career Services
Think of Career Services as “Phase 3” of UX Academy. Its purpose is to offer the support and guidance you need to land your first design job after completing the course. Job hunting can seem like a complicated process, and our goal is for Career Services provide you with structure and practical advice.
After you finish Phase 2 of UXA and complete your exit interview, we'll put you in touch with a 1-on-1 Career Coach. Acting as a mentor for your job search, they will help with things like:
Improving your portfolio, resume, and cover letters
your portfolio, resume, and cover letters Focusing the job search by identifying types of role that suit your skillset
the job search by identifying types of role that suit your skillset Developing interview technique by preparing strong stories about yourself, your background, and the work you've done
interview technique by preparing strong stories about yourself, your background, and the work you've done Handling job offers and managing negotiations about salary and conditions
When you first meet your Career Coach, you'll touch base about your skills, talk about your near-term and long-term goals, and work together to devise a plan of attack for the weeks ahead. Whether you're already being invited to interviews, or are just getting started with the job search, you'll agree on a strategy, and set a timeline for further checkins.
During our piloting of Career Services, committed students have typically been hired within 3 months of starting work with their Career Coach. We're excited to announce that all UX Academy students will now receive 3 months of Career Coaching, with up to 2 sessions per month.
Here's an outline of how sessions typically work during Career Services:
Phase 1: Career goals
Students must be clear on their short term goals. Coaches will help clarify those goals and set a realistic short term objective.
Students must be clear on their short term goals. Coaches will help clarify those goals and set a realistic short term objective. Phase 2: Job search prep
Produce a resume, portfolio and social profiles that position the student for their target role. The coach and student will work together to form a strategy to best frame their experience and skills.
Produce a resume, portfolio and social profiles that position the student for their target role. The coach and student will work together to form a strategy to best frame their experience and skills. Phase 3: Job search plan
The coach and student will put together a strategy for finding their ideal job. Typically, this involves moving forward on multiple fronts: applying directly, utilizing the staffing industry and working their network.
The coach and student will put together a strategy for finding their ideal job. Typically, this involves moving forward on multiple fronts: applying directly, utilizing the staffing industry and working their network. Phase 4: Interview prep
While actively applying for jobs, students will prep for the hiring process with their coach. Together they will practice interview questions, present their portfolio and complete design challenges.
While actively applying for jobs, students will prep for the hiring process with their coach. Together they will practice interview questions, present their portfolio and complete design challenges. Phase 5: Career success
When starting a new role, there is a mixture of excitement and nerves. The Career Coach will help students plan for success in their new job, continuous development of their skills, and ensure they're preparing for their next step in the future.
3. How Career Services is already helping students
Here's what students have to say about the Career Coaching process:
“When I first started the job search it started getting a bit daunting just because I wasn't getting any callbacks. However, once January came along all the work I put into iterating my resume, LinkedIn, and portfolio with my coach really paid off. I'm still getting callbacks now! When it comes to the job search it really depends on the person, in my opinion. Working really closely with my coach in the beginning and scheduling 2-3 sessions a week really helped me to expedite the process. Having the Career Coach available is what really helped!” — Puja Patel, Eames Cohort (hired at Life Fitness in Chicago) “I just wanted to thank you very much for setting me up with the career coach. My work with him has dramatically changed up resume, portfolio, and LinkedIn profile. In a short amount of time, my applications have been much more efficient, and I am receiving more inquiries than I did on my own.” — Chris Pastars, Eames Cohort
The great news for those applying to UX Academy is that our students often land a job in UX design within a few months of completing the program. You can read about some of these success stories over on our blog.
Many students, far from having to take a pay cut to move into a new profession, have been able to negotiate significantly increased pay packages in their new job. This reflects the latest statistics on the salaries of UX designers, which now average $89,000, according to the 2017 O'Reilly Design Salary Survey.
We're delighted to be able to complete the rollout of Career Services today. You can find out more about UX Academy here. If you've any questions, check out our FAQ, leave a comment below, or just drop us a line at hello@trydesignlab.com.
Sen. Lindsey Graham Lindsey Olin GrahamHouse to push back at Trump on border Trump pressures GOP senators ahead of emergency declaration vote: 'Be strong and smart' This week: Congress, Trump set for showdown on emergency declaration MORE (R-S.C.) had tough words for Pakistan, warning the nation to stop assisting the Haqqani Network in attacks on American forces in Afghanistan and urging the U.S. to consider steps to end that threat.
“We have to put all options on the table,” Graham warned on Fox News Sunday.
ADVERTISEMENT
He said that if Pentagon leaders believed the U.S. need “to elevate our response” to protect American troops, they would find support with lawmakers.
Graham pointed the finger directly at Pakistan's intelligence services for aiding the Taliban-allied group which operates from Pakistani soil and has launched deadly attacks on U.S., NATO and Afghan forces.
“The Haqqani Network operates with impunity inside Pakistan,” the senator alleged. “The ISS assists them directly and indirectly.”
By supporting the Haqqani group, Pakistan, he said, was engaged in “hostile acts against the United States and our ally Afghanistan. That must cease.”
Graham agreed that Pakistan had been an important ally in many respects in the fight against al Qaeda and said that while he wanted the relationship to continue, the U.S. could not rely on a Pakistan “that helps kill American troops.” He said the country was making a “tremendous miscalculation.”
Graham's strong talk came after Washington's frustrations with Pakistan boiled over this week.
Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff Adm. Michael Mullen and other U.S. officials fingered the Haqqani group for the brazen attack on the American Embassy in Kabul, and another on a coalition military convoy.
Pentagon and Obama administration officials have stepped up criticism of Pakistan for its apparent reluctance to go after the terrorist group.
ADVERTISEMENT
Senate Armed Services Committee members questioned whether it is time to cut off or severely restrict the assistance funds Washington sends Islamabad each year.
On Sunday Graham urged lawmakers to back legislation which he said would “reconfigure our assistance with Pakistan” and said the U.S. must “have a more transactional relationship” with the country.
The Senate panel approved its 2012 State and Foreign Operations Appropriations bill Wednesday. The measure includes a $100 million cut to the administration's $1 billion request for the Pakistan Counterinsurgency Capability Fund.
An Appropriations committee statement said the bill “includes strengthened restrictions on assistance for Pakistan by conditioning all funds to the Government of Pakistan on cooperation against the Haqqani Network, al Qaeda and other terrorist organizations.”
Two years ago, when I started investigating the sprawling prosecution of Turkey's military and political leaders—known as the Ergenekon case—someone pointed me to Emin Şirin. At the time, more than seven hundred people from across Turkish society, from military officers to academics, journalists, and aid workers, had been charged with, among other things, attempting to overthrow the government of Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdoğan. Şirin's story, I was told, was emblematic of the Ergenekon prosecutions, in that it relied on obviously trumped-up evidence.
Şirin, who speaks perfect English and has travelled in the United States, was once one of Erdoğan's closest confidants. In 2001, he helped found Erdoğan's political party, known by its Turkish initials, A.K., and was elected to parliament in 2002, when the Party won a landslide victory. Shortly after Erdoğan became Prime Minister, in 2003, Şirin broke with him, accusing Erdoğan of running the A.K. Party in a dictatorial fashion. Şirin completed a lonely term in parliament and left office in 2007. A month later, prosecutors charged him with membership in Ergenekon—allegedly a secret network of secular-minded Turks bent on overthrowing Erdoğan's Islamist-leaning government.
Sure enough, when I looked at Şirin's court file, I was astounded. The evidence against Şirin was not merely thin; it was preposterous, as though it had been assembled by a group of schoolchildren—or by a prosecutor who never imagined that an independent observer would examine it. The central piece of evidence against Şirin was a fifteen-page transcript of wiretapped telephone conversations that Şirin had allegedly made to other Ergenekon members. Yet nothing in the transcript appeared remotely criminal in nature; many of the calls were to Şirin's girlfriend. And—here's the showstopper—all of the recorded calls were made after his arrest. When I asked a senior Turkish prosecutor about it for my story, he told me, “It's not one of the strongest cases.”
Last week, a Turkish court sentenced Şirin to seven and a half years in prison. Şirin was convicted along with two hundred and fifty-seven other defendants, including some twenty journalists and three members of parliament. Nineteen of the convicted, who include Ilker Basbug, the former chief of staff of the Turkish military, were sentenced to life in prison; several others received sentences of ninety-nine years or more. Şirin says that he plans to appeal his conviction. But if the Turkish appellate judges even remotely resemble their brethren in the lower courts—and there is no reason to think that they don't—Şirin and the others don't stand a chance.
The sentences handed down last week bring the number of imprisoned Turkish leaders to five hundred and seventy-two. Hundreds of others are awaiting trial, many of them in prison. No one seems to know where the Ergenekon case begins or ends.
Şirin's case wasn't the first to rely on questionable evidence. One of the other alleged military-coup plots I reported on was known as Sledgehammer, and was said to date to Erdoğan's early days as Prime Minister. As in the Ergenekon case, the Sledgehammer prosecution was riddled with fabrications and exaggerations: the conspiracy supposedly came together in 2003, yet much of the evidence assembled against the generals was dated after that. For instance, one section of the so-called Sledgehammer plot lists a number of hospitals to be seized once the coup got under way, including an institution in Istanbul called Medical Park Sultangazi. But the hospital did not acquire that name until June, 2008. In other words, it seems clear that at least part of the “coup plan” was actually put together years after the plot was alleged to have taken place.
The strangeness doesn't end there. The Ergenekon indictment makes a number of assertions that, to put it mildly, don't inspire much confidence in the sophistication of the prosecutors making the case. Among other things, the indictment claims that the American Mafia is an “ethnic terrorist organization” run by the Pentagon, and that the National Intelligence Organization, Turkey's premier spy agency, is under the “complete control” of the C.I.A. Ergenekon, the indictment claimed, planned to “manufacture chemical and biological weapons and then, with the high revenue it earned from selling them, to finance and control every terrorist organization not just in Turkey but in the entire world.” Despite such obvious fabrications, more than three hundred Turkish officers were convicted and imprisoned last year in the Sledgehammer case.
For years, Erdoğan and his supporters have claimed that the Ergenekon and Sledgehammer prosecutions are legitimate pursuits of the remnants of what is known in Turkey as the deep state, a shadowy network of military officers and other Turkish leaders who conspired, sometimes violently, to maintain the secular order enshrined by Mustafa Kemal, or Atatürk, who founded the Turkish republic on the ashes of the Ottoman Empire, in 1923. For years, the deep state was a reality in Turkish politics. During the Cold War, the military overthrew elected civilian governments three times. To Erdoğan's credit, he has tamed the Turkish military, modernized the Turkish state, and led the country in a decade of unparalleled economic growth.
But the evidence now suggests overwhelmingly that the Ergenekon and Sledgehammer cases are frauds, show trials built on fabricated evidence, designed to suppress Erdoğan's domestic political opponents. Both prosecutions have been condemned by the United Nations and other international bodies. Earlier this year, a group called the International Human Rights Network of Academies and Scholarly Societies asked a group, which included Peter Diamond, a professor of economics at M.I.T. and a Nobel recipient, to look into the cases of eight Turkish academics who have been charged. His conclusion: “Given all the information available to us, there appears to be no credible basis on which to judge any of our eight colleagues guilty of committing the crimes of which they have been accused.”
Still, to a remarkable degree, Erdoğan has succeeded in silencing his critics. One reason is his extraordinary repression of the press. Turkey is one of the largest jailers of journalists in the world: in December, the Committee to Protect Journalists counted forty-nine behind bars. Last month, Yavuz Baydar, a prominent journalist for the newspaper Sabah, wrote an Op-Ed for the Times in which he described a tradition of Turkish media owners caving in to political pressure. He was fired shortly after the piece appeared. And when demonstrators gathered in Taksim Square in June to protest the demolition of a public park, Erdoğan's government dispersed them.
How does Erdoğan get away with it? One reason, surely, is the silence of the Obama Administration. For all of Erdoğan's heavy-handed tactics, the White House still sees him as a Middle Eastern moderate, a freely elected Muslim leader who is friendly to the West. There aren't many of those. So, to a remarkable degree, Erdoğan gets a pass. Last week, two days after the conviction of Şirin and the two hundred-plus others in the Ergenekon trial, Erdoğan spoke on the phone with President Obama. According to a White House press release, the two leaders talked about the upheavals in Egypt and Syria.
But not a word about what's happening in Turkey itself.
Photograph by Adem Altan/AFP/Getty
Read Dexter Filkins on Erdoğan and his ambitions.
Foreign secretary says reopening embassy dependent on resolving technical issues but move would allow Iran to reopen London mission
The UK hopes to reopen its embassy in Iran before Christmas, four years after it was ransacked during protests against sanctions, Philip Hammond has said.
The foreign secretary told the House of Commons that he hoped to visit Tehran, after Iran struck a deal with the international community aimed at preventing the country from developing a nuclear weapon.
“There are some technical issues, as I've explained to the house before, on both sides that will have to be resolved before it can be done,” he said.
“But there is a very clear will to do it and I will be working directly with my Iranian counterpart to ensure that we clear away those obstacles over the next few months.
“I very much hope that we will be in a position to reopen our respective embassies before the end of this year, and I look forward to going to Tehran to do so.”
Hammond will visit Israel this week for a meeting with the country's prime minister, Binyamin Netanyahu, who has warned the deal means “a sure path to nuclear weapons” for Iran.
The British embassy in Tehran was closed in 2011 and Iranian diplomats expelled from the UK after about 200 protesters from the youth wing of Iran's Revolutionary Guards stormed the diplomatic compound. At the time, William Hague, then foreign secretary, said the protesters had the backing of the Iranian regime.
Negotiations on Tuesday in Vienna concluded with some international sanctions being lifted in exchange for inspections on the country's nuclear programme, after 12 years of efforts to resolve the impasse.
Hammond told MPs the threat of an Iranian nuclear bomb had been lifted, adding it was important that a religious edict had been enshrined prohibiting the construction of a nuclear weapon.
He said: “With the conclusion of these negotiations the world can be reassured that all Iranian roots to a nuclear bomb have been closed off and the world can have confidence in the exclusively peaceful nature of the Iranian civil nuclear programme going forward.”
Hammond said it would take Iran at least 12 months to acquire all the fissile material for a bomb, if it decided to renege on the agreement.
Dan Jarvis, Labour's shadow foreign office minister, said the UK should be positive about the agreement, but also “go into it with our eyes wide open”.
“If there is a lesson to be drawn from the collapse of the agreed framework negotiated with North Korea by the Clinton administration in the 1990s, it is that the success of these agreements should be judged not over months but in years,” he said.
“It's right some sanctions should be removed gradually and only as Iran honours the commitments it has made … It's no secret that Iran has been involved for many years in exploiting sectarian tensions in the region, whether through proxy armies or support for terrorist groups.
“Those issues and difficulties in our own relationship with Iran will not go away overnight, but this agreement does present Iran with an opportunity to play a much more constructive global role – particularly with our shared interest in defeating the threat from Isil, or Daesh [Islamic State].”
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Nick Clegg: "We confounded those who said coalition government was impossible"
The Liberal Democrats have not "lost our soul" by going into coalition with the Conservatives, party leader Nick Clegg has said.
In his conference speech, he urged members to "hold our nerve" by serving a full five years in government.
Mr Clegg, the deputy PM, backed planned government spending cuts as the "only choice" for improving the economy.
He also pledged to allow cash-strapped councils to borrow more money to fund large-scale projects.
The 37-minute speech followed a conference defeat for the party leadership on Monday over its backing of the Conservative policy of introducing "free schools", outside of local authority control, which opponents argued was "socially divisive".
'So, so proud'
And it came amid accusations from one of his own MPs that ordinary members are being ignored, with the Lib Dems at risk of becoming a "dictatorship".
In his address to delegates in Liverpool, Mr Clegg defended the partnership with the Tories, saying: "We confounded those who said that coalition government was impossible. We created a government which will govern and govern well for the next five years.
"Of course there are those who will condemn us. We are challenging years of political convention and tradition and our opponents will yell and scream about it.
"But I am so, so proud of the quiet courage and determination which you have shown through this momentous period in British political history.
"Hold our nerve and we will have changed British politics for good. Hold our nerve and we will have changed Britain for good."
He said: "We will take risks in government. But we will never lose our soul. We haven't changed our liberal values. Our status is different but our ambition is the same."
Mr Clegg praised Prime Minister David Cameron for thinking "beyond his party", adding: "In life, two heads are usually better than one."
But he delivered what will be seen as a coded criticism of previous Conservative economic policy, saying: "We will not repeat the mistakes of the 1980s, in which whole communities were hollowed out."
The cuts programme, to be outlined in October's spending review, would not deliver "smaller government" but "a liberating government", allowing people to run their own lives, Mr Clegg argued.
He stressed the Lib Dems and Tories remained distinct, despite being in coalition, adding: "But for this parliament we work together to fix the problems we face and put the country on a better path. This is the right government for right now."
ANALYSIS Sometimes leaders aim their conference speeches more at the country than at their own party - this was not one of them. Nick Clegg spent most of his 37 minutes urging his party to hold their nerve, stick with it and focus on the long term, which he said would deliver a country in 2015 that was strong, fair, free and full of hope. In the meantime, there was an interesting softening of the language on the upcoming cuts. For months the coalition, and in many cases fronted by Lib Dems, has been ratcheting up the rhetoric on the severity of what's to come. Before the election, even Nick Clegg was talking about "savage cuts". Today he rejected the "slash and burn" approach, and promised the cuts would be "fair and balanced." He also laid down a challenge to those Tory backbenchers who would like to see the state shrink. These cuts weren't about reducing the size of the state, according to the deputy prime minister, though with 600,000 public sector jobs due to vanish in the next few years, some may take exception to that assertion. Nick Robinson: Defensive speech Party conferences 2010 Send your comments
He argued: "We've always been the face of change. We are now the agents of change."
In the only policy announcement of the speech, Mr Clegg promised to allow councils to borrow money against the predicted extra business rates they will gain from large-scale building projects.
They would be the "first step to breathing life back into our greatest cities", he said.
Currently, councils can only borrow against future income that is guaranteed.
There are reports that many grassroots Lib Dems are unhappy at the coalition agreement, fearing that their party is being subsumed by a Conservative cuts agenda.
Mr Clegg was backed by former Lib Dem leader Lord Ashdown who told BBC Radio 4's Today programme any doubts he had about the coalition "lasted about an hour" and spending cuts would be "fairer" because of the party's influence.
However, backbench MP Mike Hancock has written an open letter to Mr Clegg, warning against attacks on benefits and complaining that policies which were not in the coalition agreement - like raising VAT - had been adopted without approval.
"I am sure you agree with me that we must not have dictatorship of the party by 20 Lib Dem ministers. I hope that you will use your leader's speech to the party conference to put to rest both these concerns," he wrote.
'Tough on tax cheats'
On Sunday, another former Lib Dem leader Charles Kennedy told the BBC there was a "legitimate argument" to be had over the speed and scope of cuts aimed at reducing the £155bn budget deficit.
Most Whitehall departments have been told to plan for savings of between 25% and 40%.
Labour argues that the plans could undermine the economic recovery and damage front line services, hitting the poor hardest.
Mr Clegg used his speech to repeat the promise made by the Lib Dem Chief Secretary to the Treasury, Danny Alexander, to target rich tax-avoiders in an effort to reduce the deficit.
He said: "We all read the headlines about benefit fraud. We all agree it's wrong when people help themselves to benefits they shouldn't get. But when the richest people in the country dodge their tax bill that is just as bad.
"Both come down to stealing money from your neighbours. We will be tough on welfare cheats. But unlike Labour, we'll be tough on tax cheats too."
Mr Hancock described the speech as a "golden opportunity that was lost", telling BBC Radio 4's The World Tonight that people on benefits would have found Mr Clegg's words "very depressing".
The Lib Dem leader is leaving the conference on Tuesday, as he is due to attend a United Nations summit in New York on reducing world poverty.
The Iraqi authorities must urgently investigate reports that fighters wearing Iraqi Federal Police uniforms tortured and extrajudicially executed residents in villages they captured south of Mosul, said Amnesty International.
Researchers from the organization visited several villages in the al-Shura and al-Qayyara sub-districts of Ninewa governorate, south-west and south of Mosul, and gathered evidence indicating that up to six people were extrajudicially executed in late October, apparently due to suspicions they had ties to the armed group calling itself the Islamic State (IS).
“Men in Federal Police uniform have carried out multiple unlawful killings, apprehending and then deliberately killing in cold blood residents in villages south of Mosul. In some cases the residents were tortured before they were shot dead execution-style,” said Lynn Maalouf, Deputy Director for Research at Amnesty International's Beirut Regional Office.
“Deliberately killing captives and other defenceless individuals is prohibited by international humanitarian law and is a war crime. It is crucial that the Iraqi authorities carry out prompt, thorough, impartial and independent investigations into these crimes under international law, and bring those responsible to justice. Without effective measures to suppress and punish serious violations, there is a real risk that we could see war crimes of this kind repeated in other Iraqi villages and towns during the Mosul offensive.”
Deliberately killing captives and other defenceless individuals is prohibited by international humanitarian law and is a war crime Lynn Maalouf, Deputy Director for Research in Amnesty International's Beirut Regional office Share this Twitter
Facebook
Email
The killings took place against the backdrop of armed confrontations in the al-Shura sub-district on 21 October between IS and Iraqi forces. As the area was largely depopulated and Iraqi forces suffered at least one fatality that morning, it appears that Iraqi forces were presuming that only IS fighters had remained behind.
As well as launching an investigation, Amnesty International calls on the Iraqi authorities to guarantee that witnesses to these crimes and their families are protected from any revenge attacks or intimidation.
A number of Iraqi forces participating in the conflict against IS, including army units, fighters from two local Tribal Mobilization militias and members of federal and local police, are believed to have been present in, or passed through, the villages while the torture and extrajudicial executions were taking place. Some reports suggest that a senior commander of the “Operations to Liberate Ninewa” may have been in the vicinity at the time.
According to information obtained by Amnesty International, on the morning of 21 October around 10 men and a 16-year-old boy, mainly from the villages of Na'na'a and al-Raseef, were tortured and otherwise ill-treated after they handed themselves over to a small group of men wearing Federal Police uniforms, in an area known as Nus Tal. They had waved a white cloth and lifted their shirts to show that they were not wearing explosive belts and did not pose a threat.
Shortly afterwards, reinforcements arrived and the men were taken on foot to an open desert area, about a kilometre away between the town of al-Qayyarah and the al-Shura sub-district, identifiable by a broken-down caravan. Fighters dressed in Federal Police uniforms beat the group with cables and rifle butts, punched and kicked them, and pulled their beards – even setting one man's beard alight.
The victims were made to lie on their stomachs and shots were fired between their legs, as they were insulted, often using sectarian language, and accused of being members of “Daesh” (the Arabic acronym for IS).
Ahmed Mahmoud Dakhil and Rashid Ali Khalaf from the village of Na'na'a, as well as a third man from the village of Tulul Nasser, were then separated from the larger group. Men in Federal Police uniforms then subjected them to particularly brutal beatings before shooting them dead. Their decomposing remains were found in the same area some five days later. Rashid Ali Khalaf's head had been severed from his body.
Another villager from al-Raseef, Hussein Ahmed Hussein, was last seen alive on 21 October. He was being handcuffed and led away by a group of men in Federal Police uniforms, near the caravan, after being beaten with rifle-butts, punched and insulted. His body was discovered nearby a week later.
Retreating IS fighters forcibly moved hundreds of women, children and older men from the villages of Na'na'a and al-Raseef to Hamam Alil in an apparent attempt to use them as human shields. IS fighters made public announcements ordering the villages' residents to leave their homes using the local mosques' loudspeakers, on 19 October. However, some younger men apparently managed to stay behind, hiding in unfinished or abandoned buildings.
Hussein Dakhil was among the few who defied IS's orders. Two days later, on 21 October after government forces arrived in the village, he was found dead with two bullet wounds, to the chest and chin, shortly after leaving a house near the Mishraq Sulphur Company building in the Shura sub-district, which IS fighters had set fire to before leaving the village. He was blindfolded with his torso exposed, suggesting that he had been detained before being extrajudicially executed.
On that same day, another man, Bashar Hamadi, was also apparently shot dead as he ran towards forces that included men in Federal Police Uniform, while pulling up his clothes to show that he had no explosives. According to information received by Amnesty International, he was shot from about 50 metres away and left on the ground. His body was found about a week later.
All those killed were buried without autopsies after their corpses were found.
The Iraqi authorities must immediately investigate these alarming reports of extrajudicial executions and torture Lynn Maalouf, Deputy Director for Research in Amnesty International's Beirut Regional Office Share this Twitter
Facebook
Email
“When the Mosul military operation began, Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi made clear that violations by Iraqi armed forces and its allies would not be tolerated. Now is the time for him to prove just that,” said Lynn Maalouf.
“The Iraqi authorities must immediately investigate these alarming reports of extrajudicial executions and torture. They must remove from active duty all individuals who are suspected of committing war crimes and other serious human rights violations, pending the outcome of judicial investigations.”
Background
This is not the first time Amnesty International has documented extrajudicial executions by men in Iraqi Federal Police uniform. On 27 May 2016, during operations to retake Falluja and surrounding areas, at least 16 men and boys from the Jumaili tribe were shot dead near Sijir, after handing themselves over to fighters, some of whom were wearing Federal Police uniforms.
The Federal Police is part of the Ministry of Interior, and has been involved in counter-insurgency efforts.
Mansion wins! Mansion wins!
Sixteen days ago, two heavyweight fighters climbed into the ring to battle for Magic Kingdom supremacy. After a late-round flurry of “punches”, The Mountain raised its fist in victory. Meanwhile, The Mansion screamed fluke and demanded an immediate rematch. Well, just two short weeks later, the Victorian Gothic manor …
… got its wish. Leading the charge from wire-to-wire, The Haunted Mansion has become the All in WDW Readers' Favorite WDW Attraction! Congratulations, Mansion!
In truth, it was a tough four-way battle. Taking a look at the 214 votes that were cast, they were pretty fairly split.
The Haunted Mansion, 35.51%, (76 votes) Splash Mountain, 29.91%, (64 votes) Expedition Everest, 20.56%, (44 votes) The Twilight Zone Tower of Terror, 14.02%, (30 votes)
Nothing to be ashamed of in these vote totals. Four very good attractions – one had to win.
It was very interesting to see the commentary from our readers as the results unfolded yesterday.
From Facebook, a dismayed reader noted, “Haunted Mansion. Really?! I must have missed something because I rode it in September for the first time and thought it was just so-so. I wouldn't even care if I never ride it again, honestly! I'm surprised that this many people think it's the best attraction in all four parks!” For my part, I think it's fair to say that nostalgia plays a big role in the results of these polls.
On Twitter, @amber_cntrygrl announced, “Voted! Splash Mountain is my FAV!!”
At the same time, @ResortLoopBob countered with, “Haunted Mansion!”
@EPCOTbabyMama said, “I'm so amazed that it's Haunted Mansion in the lead. Good for HM!”
@plusthemagic was on the same page with me, saying, “My faves are all out too. I'll vote on what remains, but it's just not the same!” @RyanTrasamar, in line with that, commented, “I like your four choices [including Illuminations and Spaceship Earth] better!”
From Touring Plans Lines chat, @weasus agreed with them, “Hmm, not what I expected the top four attractions to be at all!”
@elslav added, “The only one I wouldn't agree with is Splash in that Final Four. I voted again for Tower of Terror. If Splash wins again it's truly a ‘Cinderella' attraction!”
On the other hand, @dhcomer countered with, “I personally LOVE Splash! It's my favorite ride at WDW. I love the story, the characters, the music, and there are even a couple of fun drops.” @simkat posted agreement with, “Also love, love Splash for all the reasons @dhcomer said!
One of the deepest thoughts of the day came from All in WDW reader, LAZARUS, who said on yesterday's post, “What I find interesting is that, in the Magic Kingdom-specific poll, Splash Mountain beat out Haunted Mansion, but, now, in the cross-park poll, Haunted Mansion is beating out Splash Mountain. I wonder if there is a logical reason for that — e.g., different selection heuristics or choice preferences depending on whether the comparison is in-park vs. across-park. Or, if this is more a function of the fact that the different polls draw different polling audiences — e.g., for the in-park poll, you get more dedicated park aficionados … whereas for the cross-park polls, you get more generalists. An interesting puzzle.” A puzzle indeed, LAZARUS.
The theory I would propose goes back to the conversations I saw in the aftermath of Splash's victory in the Magic Kingdom poll. Back then, it became clear that, when popular attractions like Wishes, Space Mountain, Tomorrowland Transit Authority PeopleMover, Mickey's PhilharMagic, Peter Pan's Flight, and it's a small world fell out of the competition after the semi-final round, Splash did a much better job of picking up their votes than did Mansion. And, there were a lot of votes to pick up … all told, those six attractions got 262 votes in that “tournament's” 3rd Round. The other two finalists at the time – Big Thunder and Pirates – just couldn't compete with Splash and Mansion's appeal.
In the case of this, just-completed, competition, I would propose that the 156 semi-final round votes that went to Rock ‘n' Roller Coaster, IllumiNations, Kilimanjaro Safaris, and Spaceship Earth were more evenly spread across Mansion, Splash, Everest, and Tower. In the end, the presence of two additional really strong alternatives – Everest and Tower – killed Splash's chance to pick up the 13 meager votes it would have needed to repeat its triumph over the ghostly manor.
Having said that, I think we might need to go back to Lines chat for another pretty logical answer. @walljasper presented one of the best ideas of the day with, “Maybe there should be a family ride category and a thrill ride category. In my opinion, Everest is, by far, the most adventurous [and] exciting ride on this list. But, I have never seen a thrill ride win in these [votes]. EVERYONE can enjoy Haunted Mansion bcecause it's simple and visually stimulating. And, the whole family can enjoy [it]. The thrill [rides] involve possible motion sickness, fear, and nervousness … which obviously doesn't appeal to everyone. And, yes, I LOVE Tower of Terror too. But, notice where it is on the list also?”
Hmm. A family ride poll and a thrill ride poll? I think I like that! It would also solve a big problem that I just got hit with. Splash Mountain has been yelling and screaming for a rematch all morning long! Sheesh!
Thanks for all the commentary, my friends! Thanks for all the participation! We really appreciate your support, and your kindness and attention keeps us forging forward. We LOVE Disney, and we know you do too. We just want to put fun things out there to help bring “The Magic” to us when we can't go visit it!
Cheers!
My recipe in my hungry husky column in the Daily Campus today is for a hearty and homemade vegetable soup.
Who doesn't love a bowl of warm, filling soup? Yet usually when we have soup, it is from a can. You may not think canned soup is that bad for you but think about this…
One cup of the well-known brand Campbell's classic chicken noodle soup contains almost 800 milligrams of salt. This may not seem like a lot at first, but your recommended daily intake of salt is less than 2,300 milligrams per day according to the Dietary Guidelines for Americans. This means that if you have just the one cup of soup, and not the whole can, you've already had about 35% of your salt for the day. The Center for Disease Control put out a study, which found that 9 out of 10 Americans have too much salt in their diet.
I point all this out just to make you aware of the sodium in a normal can of soup, not to mention the artificial flavors and preservatives…I could keep going on.
Anyways, this doesn't have to be a concern for you. If you have 15 minutes to chop up some vegetables and an hour to kill after that, then you have all you need to kick the canned soup and instead make a homemade, hearty vegetable soup.
Prep Time: 15 minutes
Cook Time: 1 hour 10 minutes
Total Time: 1 hour 25 minutes
Makes: 10 1-cup servings
I doubled this recipe for 10 servings so that I could freeze 5 cups of it to enjoy later on. If you are just looking to make soup for dinner and possibly lunch the next day, I would recommend adjusting this recipe to make just 5 1-cup servings instead.
So here's what you'll need:
-4 cloves of garlic
-2 carrots
-1 ½ yellow onion
-1 medium zucchini
-1 Klondike potato
-6 cups of water
-4 cups of UNSALTED vegetable broth
-1 teaspoon basil
-1 teaspoon oregano
Start by doing all your prep work to the vegetables. Peel your garlic cloves and leave them whole. If you bought organic carrots, simply wash and chop them into bite-size chunks. If you didn't buy organic carrots, then peel them before chopping them to remove any pesticides or unhealthy material that could be on the skins. Chop your yellow onion into bite-size pieces. Peel and chop your potato into chunks. Now that the prep work is done, you can start making your soup.
In a large pot over medium heat, add your onion and garlic with two tablespoons of olive oil. Cook this for about 8 minutes or until your onion becomes almost transparent. Next add the rest of your ingredients: the vegetables, spices, water and broth. Bring to a boil and then simmer for an hour.
Now if you're curious, here are the nutrition facts for one cup of this homemade, hearty vegetable soup. In one cup of soup, you are consuming just 72 milligrams of sodium as compared to the 800 milligrams from one cup of canned soup. Additionally with just 37 calories and 0.1 grams of fat per cup, you can feel free to indulge in another cup of hearty, homemade vegetable soup!
Advertisements
Britain must co-operate with President Assad, the Syrian dictator, in order to confront Isil, the former head of the Army has said.
General Lord Dannatt, the former Chief of General Staff, said the West must secure the permission of the Syrian government in order to launch airstrikes on Islamist militants.
The “time will come” for British Tornado jets to move from surveillance missions to bombing raids, he said.
The remarks came as US General Martin Dempsey, the chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, said strikes inside Syria are necessary to defeat the organisation.
General Lord Dannatt's comments come almost a year since David Cameron lost a Commons vote authorising air strikes on President Assad in response to chemical weapons attacks on civilians – action that would likely have toppled him from power.
Britain and its allies have repeatedly called for Assad to step down to bring the three-year civil war that spawned Isil to an end.
Isil must be “opposed, confronted and defeated” in Iraq and Syria before it spreads through the region, Lord Dannatt told BBC Radio 4.
"The Syrian dimension has got to be addressed. You cannot deal with half a problem," he said.
"The old saying 'my enemy's enemy is my friend' has begun to have some resonance with our relationship with Iran.
"I think it's going to have some resonance with our relationship with Assad."
"I think whether it is above the counter or below the counter, a conversation has got to be held with him.
"Because if there are going to be any question of air strikes over Syria airspace it's got to be with the Assad regime's approval."
The former chief of the general staff said it was "worth just reflecting... who actually understood that country, Syria, best - was it us, was it other people, or was it Assad himself?"
"It's clearly turned out over the last two or three years to be a very diverse, very complicated country," he said.
"I think the reason why, quite rightly, the British Parliament voted against intervention (in Syria) a year ago and we didn't join American air strikes was we couldn't be sure who we would be supporting.
"What's become quite clear overt the last couple of months is that Isil are awful. They received a bloody nose from Assad themselves, that is why they have gone off to Iraq and are operating in Iraq."
Lord Dannatt repeated his call for Parliament to be recalled to address the crisis.
Last night Francois Hollande, the French President, said the world now faces a "terrible choice" between fighting Assad and defeating Isil.
Mr Hollande said: "If, two years ago, we had acted to ensure a transition, we wouldn't have had Islamic State. If, one year ago, the major powers had reacted to the use of chemical weapons, we wouldn't have had this terrible choice between a dictator and a terrorist group."
• Juventus regard Sissoko as ideal replacement for Paul Pogba • Italian club and Everton prepared to meet Newcastle's asking price
Juventus have earmarked Moussa Sissoko as their preferred replacement for Paul Pogba and face competition from Everton for the £35m-rated midfielder.
Liverpool agree deal to sign Georginio Wijnaldum from Newcastle for £25m Read more
Newcastle United are close to banking £58m from the sale of the France international plus Georginio Wijnaldum, who is set for a medical at Liverpool after a fee rising to £25m was accepted for the Holland midfielder.
St James' Park officials want £35m for Sissoko but that has not deterred Juventus, who are prepared to pay the asking price for the 26-year-old. Manchester United are trying to sign Pogba for what would be a club record fee.
Sissoko enjoyed an impressive European Championship with France and is keen to move following Newcastle's relegation to the Championship. Although Juventus have Champions League football on offer, they face rival interest from Everton for the powerful midfielder.
Farhad Moshiri, Everton's billionaire major shareholder, is also willing to meet Newcastle's valuation of Sissoko. Goodison Park officials are meeting on Thursday to discuss significant moves in the transfer market, with the new manager, Ronald Koeman, yet to sign an outfield player for the first team since replacing Roberto Martínez.
Moshiri has shown his ambition to overhaul Everton in terms of management structure, with compensation agreed with Leicester City for their highly prized chief scout Steve Walsh, and will back Koeman with substantial transfer funds. Whether that can persuade Sissoko to resist Juventus's advances, however, remains to be seen. Arsenal have also been linked with Sissoko but have not returned to Newcastle with an offer in the £35m region.
* Aid will be cut for all food stamp recipients for the first time
* Benefits drop by 7 percent as 2009 stimulus element ends
* Senate and House back different levels of cuts in new farm bill
* Impact of Nov. 1 cuts on retailers may be small
By Charles Abbott and Lisa Baertlein
WASHINGTON/LOS ANGELES, Oct 30 (Reuters) - One of every seven Americans will take a hit on Friday when a $5 billion cut in food stamps, the first across-the-board reduction in the history of the decades-old federal program, takes effect.
But if conservative Republicans in Congress get their way, this week's pullback may be just a taste of what's to come for some of the almost 48 million Americans who receive benefits under the Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program.
SNAP, the largest U.S. anti-hunger program, is designed to help poor people - most of them children, disabled or elderly - buy food. But enrollment has doubled and the program's cost has nearly tripled since 2004, and has remained at record levels even as the economy improves and unemployment declines.
Critics say the surge shows reform is vital as part of federal deficit reduction. Defenders say the high enrollment is a sign of the weak recovery from the 2008-09 recession and sluggish job growth.
The cuts on Friday reflect the expiration of benefits authorized by the 2009 economic stimulus package, just as other temporary elements of the package - including a two-year payroll tax “holiday” - have ended over time.
The Center for Budget and Policy Priorities, a think-tank that explores ways to reduce poverty, said benefits would drop by an average of 7 percent, or $10 per person per month.
In fiscal 2012, the average benefit per person was about $133 per month, according to the U.S. Department of Agriculture.
Anti-poverty groups have for months warned of the dangers that the cuts pose to many vulnerable aid recipients. It will mark the first time benefits have declined for every recipient, regardless of need.
“People are living at the margins,” said Ellen Vollinger, legal director and SNAP advocate at the Food Research and Action Center, an anti-hunger organization. “It's not an abstract metric for people. It's actual dollars to keep food in the refrigerator.”
A family of three would lose $29 in benefits, enough to buy food for 16 meals at current “thrifty” rates, said Vollinger. That comes to $1.81 per meal.
For U.S. grocery store chains, the reduction may have only a minimal impact, equal to less than 1 percent of the about $715 billion a year spent by consumers on food and beverages for consumption at home. But the industry is highly competitive and operates on thin margins. Some chains are likely to feel a bigger impact than others.
With roughly one in seven Americans now enrolled in SNAP, the program currently accounts for a full 11 percent of total spending on “food at home,” as the government phrases it.
RETAIL IMPACT MOSTLY MUTED
Poor families might economize by squeezing spending on other goods and using the savings to supplement their food stamps. Recent declines in gasoline prices should provide an offset for now, said Scott Mushkin, a senior retail analyst at Wolfe Research.
“They still need to eat,” said Mushkin.
“Customers may shift to spending more of their own cash on food and less cash on other things,” said Keith Dailey, a spokesman for Kroger Co, the largest U.S. supermarket operator.
But Dennis Eidson, president of Spartan Stores Inc, a regional chain based in Grand Rapids, Michigan, said the SNAP cut would be meaningful for sales. “We're a little concerned about the food stamp cut, I can tell you that,” Eidson said.
Fruits and vegetables, grain products, meats, and dairy products comprise almost 90 percent of the food that SNAP households buy, according to the CBPP.
Wal-Mart Stores Inc, the discount giant that has the largest grocery sales in America, might fare better, U.S. Chief Executive Bill Simon said when analysts asked this month about the upcoming reduction.
“When the benefits expanded, our market share actually went down,” said Simon, referring to 2009. “And so, our view is when price becomes more important ... we're more relevant.”
The 2009 stimulus bill increased food stamps by an average of 18 percent, or around $24 a person, and it gave an immediate jolt to the economy. Benefits are spent quickly, and according to Moody's Analytics, in a weak economy every dollar increase in SNAP benefits generates about $1.70 in economic activity.
Most people who receive SNAP benefits live in households with very low income - about $8,800 a year on average in 2010, according to the non-partisan Congressional Budget Office.
As of July, the most recent figures available, 47.6 million were receiving food stamps, up 1.7 percent on the year. Enrollment has been above 47 million for the past 12 months.
MORE CUTS EXPECTED IN NEW FARM BILL
More food stamp cuts - likely focused on reducing the number of beneficiaries - are expected to be included in the new U.S. farm bill, now in its final stage of preparation.
Conservative Republicans in the House of Representatives passed a bill in September that aimed to tighten SNAP eligibility standards and end benefits for nearly 5 percent of recipients, cutting some $39 billion over 10 years.
On Wednesday, negotiators from the House and Senate will start to hammer out a compromise version of the bill. Food stamps typically account for about 75 percent of money in the farm bill.
House Majority Leader Eric Cantor was the most prominent sponsor of the Republican-backed food stamp bill, which would shorten the time able-bodied adults without dependents could collect aid, and end a provision that allowed people with larger household assets to get food stamps.
Cantor has termed the program as it now stands an unaffordable burden on middle-class families that can be pruned while still helping “those who truly need it.”
Some 1.7 million able-bodied adults would lose benefits through a stricter enforcement of work requirements that Republicans propose, the CBO estimates. Many states currently have waivers in place because of high jobless rates. The budget office also estimates that 2.1 million people would lose benefits if limits on assets are tightened.
“By reforming food stamps, we will save the program for the truly needy,” said Virginia Foxx, a Republican Congresswoman from North Carolina. “An overextended, unchecked SNAP program won't be capable of serving the citizens it's purposed to help.”
The Democratic-run Senate has proposed $4.5 billion in savings over a decade by closing a loophole. A small-farm group said cuts of $8 billion to $12 billion might in the end be palatable to both the House and the Senate.
President Barack Obama has warned against heavy cuts to food stamps. House Democrats have voted en bloc against large cuts. And 39 Democratic senators sent a letter to farm bill negotiators this week opposing “eligibility changes designed to erect new barriers to participation” in SNAP.
Michael Tanner, author of a Cato Institute report that calls for converting food stamps into a block grant program run by the states, said lawmakers should overhaul the program's rules. “These are a much better way to reform the program than just playing with the number,” Tanner said.
Marvel Comics has gone from publishers of a fringe medium to mainstream pop culture gods, so why can't they handle a female protagonist?
When I was in high school I was bullied for enjoying comic books. I used to pretend at times that I was Peter Parker and that one day, just like him, I would be cool and the same people who bullied me would be the ones climbing over each other to say they knew me. It's the dream of an egotist, but it's also a dream that, briefly, came true. In college I became one of the popular kids. Suddenly the comic books I knew everything about found their way into the mainstream. It took me by surprise, and for awhile I had to adjust to being social and more popular than before. Just like me, Marvel Comics have suddenly jumped from being pop culture outcasts to one of the most successful and popular mainstream fictional universes out there. Unfortunately, just like me, Marvel are now having to adjust to becoming part of the mainstream.
When Marvel Comics formed it was founded by a group of white, American men, there is nothing wrong with that and it's mostly due to the social expectation of the time. Unfortunately, like all writers, the early Marvel bullpen pretty much exclusively stuck to writing what they knew which was white, American men. This is why there are few female Marvel heroes from the era and even less from diverse ethnic backgrounds, in turn, this lead to Marvel comic books becoming the power fantasies of white, American men. This began changed as the medium grew and the audience became more diverse but it's meant that a lot of the iconic heroes are all men with a similar background. Now that Marvel have hit the mainstream they have realised this and have made several big decisions in an attempt to nurture diversity.
Adding more ethnic backgrounds is something that may be difficult without writers from different backgrounds, although they are starting to become more common in the industry, but incorporating both genders should never have been a problem. There have been many female heroes gracing the pages of Marvel for years, but the majority of the time they have formed part of the white, american man's power fantasy. Wasp, Black Widow, She-Hulk, Tigra and even the Scarlet Witch have been subjected to a steady stream of over-sexualisation over the years. This continued when the movies started.
I'm going to focus on the main Marvel Cinematic Universe for expedience. Black Widow was introduced in Iron Man Two, supposedly as a strong female character but in every scene she is depicted as either a smouldering secretary or a seductive assassin. The run up to Avengers Assemble did little to help matters with Jane Foster, Lady Sif and Agent Carter all appearing as possible love interests for the main character with little or no personal story-arcs. Then we got to the post-Avengers Assemble era, when geek-chic kicked into overdrive, at this point Marvel began to really push female heroes in their comics in response to fan black lash over the depiction of Black Widow and the lack of female character development. Across the phase two films the women of Marvel became stronger and more independent with Maria Hill, Black Widow and Pepper Potts all gaining their own interesting character arcs. This did a lot to earn Marvel some respect but without a female lead film fans still wanted more female representation.
Guardians gave us Gamora who didn't only acquire her own character arc but also resisted falling into the typical love-interest archetype, as much as Star Lord tried to push her towards it. In both Agents of Shield and Agent Carter, the central protagonists are strong women who have developed and had their own non-romantic arcs but neither series appears to be moving to world of film any time soon. Avengers: Age Of Ultron actually garnered a large feminist backlash after the ‘monsters' controversy, and rightly so, but I do feel many people missed the positive depiction of Scarlet Witch. I watched the film last night and paid close attention to Elizabeth Olsen's performance.
There is not a single moment in the film where her sexuality is discussed or her physical appearance is commented upon. Her clothes look informal and are free-flowing which completely contrast with Black Widow's spandex spy garb. Wanda Maximoff is one of the strongest female heroes now on the Marvel Cinematic Universe, giving me both hope for her appearance in Captain America: Civil War and for Marvel's first female lead film, Captain Marvel, slated for 2018. Now all Marvel have to do is weather the upcoming DC Comic's film storm, create better villains and find a way to control Kevin Feige then they might survive the next decade.
Part II of today's group of new beer labels…featuring Deschutes, Rahr and a handful of others.
Deschutes The Stoic Belgian-styled Quad: The newest beer in Deschutes Brewery's coveted Reserve Series, The Stoic's journey from Belgian-style Tripel to American Quad is a remarkable one. A simple German Pilsner malt bill and a low-key profile of Hallartau, Czech Saaz, and Northern Brewer hops equip you for the more distinctive aromas and flavors that lay ahead. Ingredients like Belgian candy sugar, beet and date sugars, and pomegranate molasses impart a clean, tangy sweetness. Pinot Noir and rye whiskey barrel-aging suggest notes of spice, citrus, pepper, vanilla, and toasted caramel like offerings to the gods. Unraveling the intricacies of The Stoic is evidence of a life bravely done.
August 15th / wax-dipped 22 oz. bottles and draft / 10% ABV / Available in most of Deschutes' markets
Rahr Visionary Brew Traditional German-style Bock: The Fort Worth Weekly's Visionary Awards are a celebration of Tarrant County artists working in a diverse set of disciplines – visual arts, film, drama, performance art, literature, fashion and multimedia. At Rahr and Sons, we believe in passion and innovation, and we applaud those who are working to make Fort Worth a more beautiful place. We're certainly doing our best to make it a tastier place.
This German-style bock has a robust malt character and a dark amber hue. Hop bitterness is assertive – just enough to balance the malt flavor. Enjoy one in celebration of Fort Worth's true visiionaries. 22 oz. bottles
Other new labels…
Tin Roof Perfect Tin Amber Ale – 12 oz. cans
Tin Roof Voodoo Bengal Pale Ale – 12 oz. cans
Baying Hound Aleworks Long Snout Stout
Lazy Boy Dumb Luck Summer Belgian Style Wit
Timmermans Oude Kriek (Imported by Belukus)
Abbaye Cistercienne Paix-Dieu by Brassier Caulier (Imported by Holiday Beverage)
Bon Secours Ambree (Imported by Holiday Beverage)
Bon Secours Blonde
Bon Secours Brune
Bon Secours Noel
As White House aides and Congressional leaders flood the media with dueling leaks about just how far President Obama was willing to go last summer to meet the budget-cutting demands of House Speaker John A. Boehner, many liberals have reacted with shock and horror at how much of their historic achievement the president appears to have been ready to bargain away. If a Democratic president could consider cutting America's shredded safety net further when unemployment remained stiffly high and the country was undergoing an explosion of inequality, was the “liberal moment” of American politics finally over?
Yet Maryland recently became the eighth state to join the same-sex marriage club (which includes the District of Columbia). Rush Limbaugh was force-fed a triple helping of crow for his failed attempt at “slut-shaming,” after opening up the gender gap again. Women, young people, college graduates and mixed-race Americans, surveys indicate, are spurning conservative arguments about contraception, same-sex marriage and sexual freedom.
In other words, economic liberalism is on life-support, while cultural liberalism thrives. The obvious question is why. The simple answer is that cultural liberalism comes cheap. Supporting same-sex marriage or a woman's right to choose does not cost the wealthy anything or restrict their ability to become wealthier. But there is more to it than that.
The United States has undoubtedly become a fairer, more open and less oppressive society thanks largely to the political and cultural struggles waged by liberals during the past half century. The progress in securing basic human and civil rights for women, African-Americans, gay men and lesbians, immigrants and their children, Americans with disabilities and so many others is a testament to liberal courage in the face of adversity and oppression. This was the work of “those who marched and those who sang, those who sat in and those who stood firm, those who organized and those who mobilized,” as Barack Obama recalled on the occasion of the unveiling of the memorial statue of the Rev. Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. on the National Mall in October.
Liberal optimism regarding race and progress had been buoyed by the belief that, with the right experts running the government, an expanding economic pie could be guaranteed indefinitely, which would in turn purchase peace between feuding factions. But liberals had no ready response when the global economy chose not to cooperate, first with the rise in oil prices following the 1973 Arab-Israeli war and then with the exodus of exactly the kinds of manufacturing jobs that had provided the engine driving the expansion of the middle class in the first place.
George Bates
The failure of liberals to plan for the failure of their plans — what Saul Bellow once called the “Good Intentions Paving Company” — resulted in a bitter, resentful scramble for the remaining scraps. Liberal politicians proved unable to face up to the harsh realities. “The great liberal failing of this time,” Daniel Patrick Moynihan observed as early as 1968, was “constantly to over-promise and to overstate, and thereby constantly to appear to under-perform.” This not only alienated key constituencies, but it also diminished the trust between the governing and the governed that previous generations of liberals had worked so hard to earn.
Caught in the crosswinds of so many simultaneous crises — I have not even mentioned Vietnam — many liberals chose to focus, rather perversely, on a “rights” agenda and the internecine fights it engendered within their increasingly fractured coalition. They lost sight of the essential element that had made the coalition possible in the first place: the sense that liberalism stood with the common man and woman in their struggle against economic forces too large and powerful to be faced by individuals on their own.
Liberals must find a way to combine their cultural successes with new approaches to achieving economic equality. But they must do so unambiguously and unequivocally. That brings us back to President Obama.
The president often sounds as if he believes in a vigorous economic populism. Just this past Tuesday he told the American Society of News Editors: “In this country broad-based prosperity has never trickled down from the success of a wealthy few. It has always come from the success of a strong and growing middle class. That's how a generation who went to college on the G.I. Bill, including my grandfather, helped build the most prosperous economy the world has ever known.” But so far the president has been unwilling to put his budgetary moneys where his mouth is.
In fact, Obama has proved far more adept at adapting his positions toward the increasingly radical views enunciated by the leaders of the Republican Party than he has in articulating — and sticking to — an alternative vision of the role of government in ensuring a fair economic shake for all its citizens.
He asked the right question on Tuesday when he said: “Can we succeed as a country where a shrinking number of people do exceedingly well, while a growing number struggle to get by? Or are we better off when everyone gets a fair shot?” But as liberals have repeatedly learned to their dismay, the devil is not in the poetry of the president's election-time rhetoric but in the prose of his apparent eagerness to seek out a compromise on almost any Republican proposal offered him. Liberals have spent decades trying to adjudicate the claims of their conflicting constituencies without focusing sharply enough on the economic well-being of a broad section of Americans. A fight for fairness and equity could unite the working poor and middle class in a winning coalition for the future, but the problem today for liberals is less the message itself than the credibility of the messenger.
While signaling his support for much if not all of liberalism's cultural agenda, President Obama has occasionally tossed economic liberals a rhetorical bone — but he has also worried too much about deficit reduction. In this regard, Obama embodies the unsolved liberal conundrum. Were the president to embrace a genuine populist economic agenda and mean it this time — just as Franklin D. Roosevelt did in his second term — he might go a long way toward solving the problem that has dogged liberalism now for nearly half a century.
Eric Alterman, the media columnist of The Nation, is a co-author of “The Cause: The Fight for American Liberalism From Franklin Roosevelt to Barack Obama,” from which this essay is adapted.
