Idaho Democratic Party leaders preparing for Tuesday's presidential caucuses are hoping for a repeat of 2008, when a record number of people participated. And signs suggest they might be on track.
Four of the state's most populated counties have had to make last-minute changes to accommodate the large crowds expected this evening.
State party spokesman Dean Ferguson says that's the kind of challenge the party likes to deal with.
The caucuses are open to anyone who is eligible to vote in the November general election and who didn't cast a ballot in this month's Republican primary. Caucus-goers will decide among four options: Hillary Clinton, Bernie Sanders, California businessman Rocky De La Fuente and uncommitted.
Idaho will send 27 delegates to the national nominating convention.
A handful of counties across Idaho have combined caucus locations because of expected low Democratic voter turnout east of the more liberal-leaning Ada County.
Democrats in Cassia County will caucus with Minidoka County at a hotel in Burley.
Meanwhile, in the heart of Republican-dominated eastern Idaho, Democrats in Clark County and Jefferson County will caucus together. Madison County will meet with Fremont County; Bear Lake County will meet with Caribou County; and Franklin County will gather with Oneida County.
For more information on where to go, visit here.
The Boise Democratic caucus is being held at the Boise Center on the Grove. Organizers emphasize interested voters need to arrive between 5 p.m. and 6 p.m.
Doors close at 7:00 p.m. and you will not be able to enter afterwards.
6 On Your Side will be live bringing you the latest results as they come in.
President-elect Donald Trump said he plans to deport about two to three million undocumented immigrants, speaking in a pre-taped interview that will air Sunday night.
“What we are going to do is get the people that are criminal and have criminal records, gang members, drug dealers, we have a lot of these people—probably two million, it could be even three million—we are getting them out of our country or we are going to incarcerate,” Trump said in an interview with CBS' 60 Minutes. “But we're getting them out of our country. They're here illegally.”
Trump campaigned on a promise to crack down on illegal immigration, vowing to build a wall along the Mexican border. Asked in the 60 Minutes interview if he plans to actually build the wall, he said yes, adding that parts of the border might include fencing. “But for certain areas, a wall is appropriate. I'm very good at this. It's called construction,” he said.
Trump has used the “two million” figure previously, but experts have poked holes in its accuracy. Citing data from the Department of Homeland Security and the Migration Policy Institute, the Washington Post reported that there are 1.9 million “removable criminal aliens” in the U.S., a category that includes any non-citizens with a criminal conviction—both legal residents and undocumented immigrants. Of that number, about 820,000 are undocumented immigrants who have been convicted of a crime, the Post reported.
The Brief Newsletter Sign up to receive the top stories you need to know right now. View Sample Sign Up Now
“After the border is secure and after everything gets normalized, we're going to make a determination on the people that you're talking about who are terrific people, they're terrific people but we are gonna make a determination at that,” Trump said on 60 Minutes.
Republican House Speaker Paul Ryan on Sunday appeared to contradict Trump's deportation plans, while advocating for strong border security.
“We are not planning on erecting a deportation force. Donald Trump's not planning on that,” Ryan said in an interview with CNN.
“I think we should put people's minds at ease: That is not what our focus is. That is not what we're focused on. We're focused on securing the border,” he said. “We think that's first and foremost, before we get into any other immigration issue, we've got to know who's coming and going into the country—we've got to secure the border.”
Write to Katie Reilly at Katie.Reilly@time.com.
Famed investor Byron Wien of Blackrock, who previously spent 21 years at Morgan Stanley, voiced major concerns when it comes to Donald Trump potential ascension to the White House.
“Donald Trump is attacking Mexico, he's attacking pretty much all of Europe, he's attacking the Muslim religion and he's not denounced the Klu Klux Klan,” noted Vienna.
“It has been, so far, a difficult year. I think it will be a down year, and I didn't [initially] anticipate Donald Trump's ascendency, but he'll contribute to that,” the investor added.
Economists on both the left and right have had choice words for Trump's controversial positions on trade and immigration. Some think his threat to slap tariffs on China could lead to a trade war, or even a global recession. Vienna also faulted the billionaire real estate mogul's plans on trade, which could isolate the U.S. economy from major trading partners.
READ MORE: How Bernie Sanders supporters shut down a Donald Trump rally in Chicago
Joseph Grano, who as a key figure in the merger between UBS and PaineWebber and now works as Chairman and CEO of Centurion Holdings, echoed Vienna's concerns.
“Donald's got to show us some depth,” warned Grano, who also served as Chairman of the Homeland Security Advisory Council. “If he doesn't start acting more presidential, and tone down the hyperbole and the rhetoric, he may get the [GOP] nomination, but I don't think he can win the presidency.”
Grano also warned that, given Trump's approach to diplomacy and taxes, that the S&P 500 could drop by 20 percent if he were to be elected president. With this in mind, Grano backed the candidacy of Ohio governor John Kasich.
“What would be good for the government and good for the country: Kasich,” explained Grano. “He's a survivor with the best track record and the highest level of pragmatism.”
Another point of view was expressed by Asher Edelman, who spent 30 year on Wall Street buying and selling distressed companies. After leaving finance, he established Edelman Arts in New York City to focus on the secondary art market.
When considering the candidates, Edelman didn't hesitate to acknowledge that he's supportive of Senator Bernie Sanders, who is challenging former Secrertary of State Hillary Clinton for the Democratic nomination.
“Bernie is the only person out there who I think is talking at all about fiscal stimulation and banking rules that will get the banks to begin to generate lending again, as opposed to speculation,” said Edelman. He addedthat Sanders will ultimately bring more buying power to the masses.
Edelman emphasized that the middle class, when armed with funds, have a greater impact on the U.S. economy than the richest individuals in the country.
“When you have the top one percent getting money, they spend five-ten percent of what they earn. When you have the lower end of the economy getting money, they spend a hundred, or a hundred and ten percent of what they earn. As you've had a transfer of wealth to the top, and a transfer of income to the top, you have a shrinking consumer base,” he said.
READ MORE This could swing Florida for Democrats
Abby Joseph Cohen began her career as an economist with the Federal Reserve after graduating from Cornell. Soon after, she joined Goldman Sachs in 1990, earned the title of Managing Director in 1996 and then became a partner in 1998.
Cohen, who rose to prominence with her bullish predictions during the 1990s bull market, explained that a key issue for the next president is comprehensive tax reform
“We're looking for who is proposing the policies that address the underlying issues in the U.S. economy including the disappointing movement in median family income, the need for more robust jobs creation and also the [ongoing] improvement in U.S. innovation and competitiveness,” she told CNBC.
Cohen cited data from the Tax Foundation and The Tax Policy Center as think tanks that have crunched the available data from all the candidates. According to the Tax Foundation, Secretary Clinton's plan would bring in an estimated $498 billion over 10 years on a static revenue. Bernie Sanders plan would lead to an estimated $13.5 trillion, however GDP growth under his plan would be -18.6 percent.
By comparison, Secretary Clinton's 10-year GDP growth would be -1.0 percent. Trump's plan would lead to 11.5 percent GDP surge over 10 years, but would cause nearly $12 trillion in losses in static revenue over the course of a decade.
“Bottom Line: [Secretary] Clinton seems to have the most fulsome proposal that's been made thus far,” Cohen said.
This story first appeared on NBCNews.com.
Get the biggest daily stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A UFO investigator believes he may have solved one of Scotland's great unexplained mysteries.
Forestry worker Bob Taylor reported an incident 34 years ago involving an alleged alien craft and two “robot” attackers.
He was left unconscious with ripped trousers in the middle of woods at Dechmont Law, near Livingston.
Despite inquiries by police and ufologists, no plausible explanation has been found and the incident has remained one of Scotland's highest profile X-Files type cases.
It has featured in several TV specials and books down the years. But local businessman Phill Fenton has just published a report which he feels may hold the key to the mystery.
The report, which has been published as an Amazon e-book, suggests Bob may have suffered a mini-stroke and been exposed to harmful chemicals which left him confused and disoriented.
And Phill believes the UFO he believes he saw could have been a saucer-shaped water tower nearby.
Phill, a 56-year-old sign maker from Livingston, said: “I have always been intrigued by the incident and one day I spotted the dome-shaped object and it struck me that it looked a lot like Robert Taylor's description.
“The more I looked, the more I thought it was more than a coincidence that something this close matched the description of the so-called UFO nearby.”
He added that chemicals used in such tanks could make people experience the effects which Bob reported and the rips on his clothes matched the shape of a security fence near the tower.
Bob, who had a reputation for being down to earth, reported feeling overcome by a powerful odour which left him choking for breath before he fainted. He died in 2007, aged 88.
Malcolm Robinson, author of the books UFO Case Files of Scotland, is the leading authority on the Livingston incident. He said of Phill's report: “It's a very interesting hypothesis which is very well put together. But it's one I don't adhere to myself.
“He (Bob) always took investigators to the original site, not to a water tank, and he told us this is where it happened and I saw the marks in the grass myself.”
The Syrian foreign ministry issued a decree on April 24 to its embassies, instructing them to issue and renew passports and travel documents to Syrians abroad regardless of status, reported Al-Arabiya on April 25.
Nearly four million citizens have left Syria since the beginning of the war and now live abroad. At least 1.5 million of them need to renew their passports, reported SAS News late last month, citing statistics from economic analyst Mohammad Khalil. Passport renewals now cost $400, up from $200.
The government decree on passports is one of the measures the Syrian regime has taken to accumulate revenue. But while observers have looked to shaky data as a sign of its imminent collapse, the Syrian economy, and by extension, the regime, is still far from falling apart, says Iyad al-Jafari, the editor-in-chief of the pro-opposition economic news site Economy: Syrians' Money and Jobs.
“We cannot say that the Syrian economy is in a state of complete collapse until the state treasury can no longer pay state employees' salaries or finance state institutions,” al-Jafari tells Syria Directs Mohammed al-Haj Ali.
Here, al-Jafari, whose news site is an affiliate of Zaman al-Wasl, explains that even if the government cannot cover public-sector salaries, “this will not lead to a complete regime collapse, but rather will result in its reduced influence within Syria's political arena and make it nothing more than a faction among several warring factions.”
Q: Can we say that the economic situation for the Syrian regime has begun to collapse given the large measures it has taken to attract foreign assets from abroad?
I believe the strongest indicator of a total economic collapse is the state treasury's inability to cover employees' salaries and other necessary and set monthly expenditures to continue the work of the state apparatuses and institutions.
Thus, we cannot say that the Syrian regime has entered a stage of complete economic collapse. Their quest to attract foreign exchange assets from abroad via the special decree on passports recently confirms that they have a foreign exchange reserve deficit, but that doesn't mean they arrived at a state of complete economic collapse already.
Photo courtesy of Alsouria.net.
Q: In your opinion will the economic decline affect current events in Syria now?
As I said, we cannot say that the Syrian economy is in a state of complete collapse until the state treasury is unable to finance the state employees' salaries and run state institutions. When the above occurs, we can say that the Syrian economy is in a state of collapse.
As for what is happening now according to indications, the economy is teetering in areas under regime control and is indicative of a weakness and a warning that the regime may collapse economically unless they are able to put their affairs in order.
The regime has been able more than once to correct its affairs at numerous critical times. An example of this is what happened recently with the rapid decline of the Syrian pound last April, at which time the Syrian Central Bank injected a large amount of foreign exchange assets into the currency markets, which contributed to the large rise of the Syrian pound in the face of the dollar. This means that the regime is still able to correct its affairs up until now. It is too early to talk about an expected complete collapse of the regime's economy at this moment.
As for how the complete economic collapse will have repercussions on the course of the military conflict, I think that the economic collapse will lead to the strengthening of the regime's militia image. This means that the regime will transform completely into an armed militia in charge of geographic territory as opposed to a power running a country.
Despite that it will lose all that remains of its legitimacy in regards to the countries of the world and on the Syrian streets, this will not lead to a complete regime collapse, this will not lead to a complete regime collapse, but rather will result in its reduced influence within Syria's political arena and make it nothing more than a faction among several warring factions. In other words, the complete collapse of the Syrian regime will only be militarily or through foreign intervention.
Q: What is the petroleum trade situation? Is the Syrian regime still getting revenue from petroleum trade or has that stopped?
With the last published numbers from those partial to the regime, we find that the regime lost around 97.5 percent of Syria's petroleum production. They are only appropriating 2.5 percent of it, amounting to approximately 9,500 barrels a day. As for gas, the regime has lost around 50 percent of Syria's gas. They control the other 50 percent at a daily rate amounting to approximately 15.5 million cubic meters.
Q: What is the foreign trade situation following the closing of border crossings with the Syrian regime, particularly the Nasib border with Jordan?
The regime is currently trying to market the ports of Tripoli and Latakia as points of alternative departure to the Nasib transit line with the knowledge that shipping costs by sea are twice or three times the cost as land transport. Yet despite that, a large number of merchants in areas under regime control are forced to depend on alternative sea trade in order to not lose their shares in the Arab and international export markets.
Recently, Egypt has allowed for visas to be issued to Syrian transit drivers departing on sea vessels from the Tripoli and Latakia ports so they can enter Egypt, either to sell their goods inside Egypt or to continue on their way to the Gulf countries. It seems that this way will be an alternative to the Nasib road for merchants despite the high price.
Q: In your opinion, has the new decision to allow all Syrians, regardless of their status, to extend and get issued passports had any effect on the Syrian economy? What have been the most recent solutions undertaken by the Syrian regime to support its economy?
Without a doubt, the decision related to easing the acquisition of passports by Syrians abroad from regime embassies will earn the regime huge monetary earnings. For example, in the regime embassy in Cairo alone, there are expected to be around 100,000 requests for passport extensions and renewals, with each passport costing $300. Thus, there will be around $30 million in earnings for the regime from only one embassy.
As for what else the regime is doing to support the economy, I believe that it is betting heavily on Iranian funding and support on one hand, and on the largest possible acquisition of taxes from the Syrians through all possible means [on the other]. This is what the regime has noticeably done during the past few months. They lifted subsidies on fuel and increased taxes and fees for most goods, services and economic activities. They also raised the prices of subsidized food goods.
Q: What has made the Syrian regime able to be steadfast economically until now, despite the many things that it has lost like foreign trade and economic recourses in the oil, agricultural, and production [sectors]?
It is necessary for the regime to acquire massive funding from Iran. This has contributed to its steadfastness and this is the main reason. However, there are also other reasons such as taxes and fees on Syrians. Also, wide swaths of Syria are no longer under the control of the regime, thus lightening its administrative and service costs.
Also, the regime ceased all investment projects in the country and is focusing now on only two matters: guaranteeing state employees' salaries and covering the costs of managing state institutions, and the second matter being funding the regime's instrument of war. This is in view of the fact that the regime provides its fighters with a margin of looting, stealing, and extortion of Syrians in a manner that excuses [the regime] from paying them monthly salaries. In other words, the regime allows their fighters to cover part of their funding themselves through unlawful means.
Photo Credit: createdxgavin
I can't possibly stress 9th Wonder's contributions to hip-hop culture enough.
Aside from the great music, the man has spent his career investing in hip-hop through numerous avenues, including his record label JAMLA and It's a Wonderful World Music Group, but it's his many years spent bridging the gap between hip-hop and academia that have ensured hip-hop's proper representation in history.
Not only has 9th acted as artist-in-residence at NCCU, Duke and UPenn, but in 2012 the iconic producer was chosen to be a Harvard University Fellow at The Dubois Institute, which led to his undertaking of a three-year project titled “These Are The Breaks,” which will chronicle 200 hip-hop albums that are “a standard of the culture.”
ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching! Visit Website
In a recent Instagram post, 9th revealed the first four albums that will be included in “These Are The Breaks,” meaning they will be archived in the Harvard Library, along with liner notes and the vinyl used in the production of the albums.
Three of the first four picks are widely regarded as classics—Lauryn Hill's The Miseducation of Lauryn Hill, Nas' Illmatic and A Tribe Called Quest's The High-end Theory—but it was his fourth pick that really stood out: Kendrick Lamar's To Pimp A Butterfly.
ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching! Visit Website
ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching! Visit Website
To be fair, 9th does mention in the post that the albums are being rolled out in no particular order, so this isn't necessarily ranking Kendrick's critically-acclaimed masterpiece as one of the four most deserving selections, but its inclusion in this project absolutely does solidify it as a masterful offering deserving of “classic” status, despite the recency of its release.
It makes sense that 9th would have a deep appreciation for—and understanding of—Kendrick's 2015 release, as he served as an engineer during the album's production. Still, the significance of TPAB being included in the first round of albums to be forever preserved in the Harvard Library should not be taken lightly.
As previously mentioned, there are still 196 more records that will be included in the project, which is slated to take three years to complete. I don't know about you, but I'm incredibly excited to see the formation of the lens through which future generations might view the culture and art form we hold so dearly.
For now, I'm going to run through TPAB again and relish in the fact that it will be preserved alongside some of the most treasured historical materials in the world. Thanks, 9th Wonder.
U.S. skier Julia Mancuso competes in the women's Alpine skiing event on Feb. 12, 2014, during the Sochi Winter Olympics. NBC would like to know: Is she wearing makeup? Photo by Olivier Morin/AFP/Getty Images
During Wednesday night's coverage of the women's downhill, NBC's Steve Porino talked about the incredible talents of the skiers in Sochi. As the Washington Post's Erik Wemple documented, Porino talked about the steep drops and the G-forces. He then added: “All of that while in a Lycra suit, maybe a little bit of makeup—now that is grace under pressure.”
Why are we angry? Some women athletes do indeed wear makeup during competition, especially the ones on figure skates. The context here was a little bit strange, though. As Wemple wrote, “Though Porino did a great job of explaining the physics of the downhill run, why the merely tangential mention of makeup? Isn't it cosmetic products that define these incredibly talented women, anyhow?”
And here's what Twitter had to say:
DID THAT GUY JUST SAY THE WOMEN SKIERS WEAR MAKEUP — Maximum Anna (@ajlobster) February 13, 2014
Yeah you had better mention that these world class skiers might be wearing a little bit of makeup, very vital info announcer man thank u --marissa marie (@MersaSpear) February 13, 2014
Does the downhill skiers' makeup lead to faster times?!? Is the mountain nicer to the ladies because they're pretty?!? #NBCFail #Olympics — BrainTree9 (@BrainTree9) February 13, 2014
How angry are we? A medium to high level of angry. Everyone knows there's a double standard with regard to female athletes and how they're expected to look pretty while performing amazing athletic feats. The downhill skiing competition, in which the competitors' faces are obscured by masks, is typically a respite from this kind of chauvinism. Now, there's a new pressure on women athletes: You have to look pretty when we can't even see you.
How angry should we be? Pretty angry. That's some gnarly sexism, NBC!
Rage-o-Meter Score: The flames rise, inching up from a three to a four on Wednesday. The Peacock is sweating.
Illustration by Alex Eben Meyer
Previous Rage-o-Meter entries:
Monday, Feb. 10: Butchering the opening ceremony.
Tuesday, Feb. 11: NBC's snowboarding coverage is terrible. We want more of it!
Wednesday, Feb. 12: Matt Lauer steps in for Bob Costas. NBC viewers did not like his beard.
Read the rest of Slate's coverage of the Sochi Olympics.
The UCLA football team will have its team bench moved from the east sideline to the west sideline of the Rose Bowl, according to sources at UCLA.
It's a concept that has been proposed for a while. The thinking is that the team is at a disadvantage on the sunny side of the stadium when playing on a hot day, with the east sideline in the direct sun, and the west sideline, the visitors', in the shade.
To get it done, UCLA would also have to move its student section, to abide by a Pac-12 rule that a student section can't be behind a visitors' bench.
UCLA athletic department administrators wanted the UCLA students to agree and not force the move. A couple of weeks ago, a survey was circulated to UCLA students to get feedback on moving the student section to the north endzone, and the survey found that 60% of students approved of it.
A statement to students released Tuesday night said, "UCLA will allocate all lower level sections from 8-H to 15-L to the students; an increase of 5,036, or 205%, lower level seats for students. Additionally, students will be allocated overflow seating in upper 15-L to 13-H on the west side of the Rose Bowl, an additional allocation of 2,186 total seats, or roughly 25% more total seats than they have ever had.
[[{"fid":"201934","view_mode":"default","fields":{"format":"default","field_file_image_title_text[und][0][value]":"proposed UCLA student section ","field_folder[und]":"1"},"type":"media","attributes":{"title":"proposed UCLA student section ","height":"750","width":"1334","class":"media-element file-default"}}]]
"Having the students surround the north end zone in lower level seats allows students to have a greater impact on the game itself through noise level and various distractions that add pressure to the opponent, particularly when they are on the north end of the field.
"Joining the students in the move at the Rose Bowl is the UCLA Football team, who will relocate from the East sideline to the West sideline. Both moves together, in addition to the obvious benefit of taking the team out of the sun, will help create a significant competitive advantage for the Bruins."
Don't Blame Uber — The Mayor's Office Will Be Responsible If Oakland Loses Its Soul — The Bold Italic — San Francisco
The Bold Italic Editors Blocked Unblock Follow Oct 1, 2015
Last week, Uber announced that it purchased the boarded-up former Sears building in Oakland's Uptown. Immediately following this announcement came a torrent of ominous Tweets predicting that the tech company's arrival would have dire consequences for the people who make up the less tangible aspects of the city's soul:
“hide me while oakland rents skyrocket like WHOA” — @leechrissyd
“… really sucky for a lot of people” — @gwachob
“RIP Oakland” — @susie_c
Generally speaking, the fear is that Uber — like a ship full of ride-sharing pilgrims sailing across the bay — will bring with it the same diseases of displacement and gentrification that have so gutted San Francisco. The fear is understandable (gentrification aside, if one were to imagine the tech community as one big, hyperconnected high school, Uber would be the tall, symmetrically featured, misogynistic douchebag who represents the antithesis of everything that makes Oakland, Oakland). But I think that that fear is ultimately misguided. Or at least the energy behind it could be better spent. If, in two years, an even larger percentage of the people and families who've cultivated Oakland's ethos are at risk of being forced out of their homes — and being replaced by zip-ups and luxury condos — it will not be Uber that is to blame. Rather, it will be mayor Libby Schaaf and the City of Oakland itself.
The truth is, Oakland has been feeling the more negative effects of gentrification for a long time — way before Uber announced it was coming to town. From November 2013 to November 2014, rent prices for new listings in the city jumped by 9.1 percent, giving Oakland the highest rent growth in the country. (For context, San Francisco rents increased by 7.4 percent.) Over the past decade, Oakland's African American population has declined by 24 percent. Families have been hit hard too — particularly those in the flatlands. Between 2000 and 2010, the Oakland Unified School District lost more than 10,000 students (meaning that families with children can no longer afford to be in the area), and home ownership in East Oakland declined by more than 25%.
The situation is so serious that earlier this year, the city released the 107-page A Roadmap toward Equity, in which the potential perils of allowing these trends to continue are outlined in detail. The language mirrors the tone of the Tweets:
“Facing a rising loss of families with children and a dramatic loss of African American households, Oakland risks following in San Francisco's footsteps and losing the intergenerational treasures of our community.”
It's safe to say that Uber has had nothing to do with any of this. It's not because of Uber, for instance, that from 2007 to 2014, Oakland's housing production met only 25 percent of its Regional Need Housing Allocation (RHNA) production goals.
This isn't to say that Uber's arrival won't have an impact. It will. As will the arrival of the tech companies likely to follow in its surge-priced path. But whether or not that impact betters only a segment of the city or all of it is, ultimately, up to the city. Which brings us to consider the potential for Uber to genuinely improve Oakland.
I'm writing this from inside the Tierra Mia Coffee cafe, across the street from the giant dead tooth that is the Sears building. A massive gray block that's the color of dirty dishwater, the building gives off the vibe of a tombstone on steroids. The rest of the surrounding area doesn't look much nicer. Almost each of the neighboring storefronts on both Telegraph and Broadway has either wooden boards or black tarps covering the windows. The area needs revitalizing.
It isn't difficult to imagine revitalization happening once Uber moves in. In fact, it's pretty much certain that it will happen. New businesses, shops and restaurants will create jobs and — hopefully — bolster community spirit. In Uptown Station itself, Newberry Market & Deli has already committed to taking over 20,000 square feet of ground-floor retail space.
Uber's presence should also ignite calls for more altruistic behavior. We've seen the positive impact that companies led by thoughtful leaders, like Marc Benioff of Salesforce (who, since 2010, has donated more than $200 million to the recently renamed UCSF Benioff Children's Hospital), can have on the communities they call home. There's no guarantee that Uber will invest in the people of Oakland so heavily, but with a $50 billion valuation, and with the eyes of the entire Bay Area upon them, it's certainly possible. Also possible is Uber partnering with local organizations like Black Girls Code and Hack the Hood to prepare and equip local residents with the skills needed to compete for the high-paying tech jobs that will soon be much more widely available in the East Bay.
None of this matters, however — not for reasonably anxious longtime residents, at least — unless Oakland learns from San Francisco's mistakes and prioritizes the preservation of its people and culture so that everyone can benefit from Uber's arrival.
The good news is, it can.
In its Roadmap, the city fleshes out nine strategies it can reasonably take to stop and prevent future displacement, including the following: 1) the creation of policies that will stop bad-faith evictions and adjust tenant-relocation requirements; and 2) the passing of initiatives aimed at preventing and reducing homelessness, such as assembly speaker Toni Atkins's recently proposed plan to add $500 million annually to the California Housing Trust Fund. Additionally, Oakland actually does have the resources and opportunity sites to build the critical housing needed for people of all income levels, partially because Oakland possesses none of San Francisco's exclusionary housing policies, which have made it impossible for San Francisco to meet its housing demands.
It's important that Oakland figures out a way to act and utilize its resources; at stake here is the idea that a city can improve and grow and benefit from something like the arrival of an Uber in ways that don't disregard any community members or components of it. Albrey Brown, a native Oaklander and the founder of Telegraph Academy, recently said in an article published on TechCrunch, “This is a very big chance for us to step up to the plate for everything we've been talking about … about creating a different kind of tech scene in Oakland. We could make a blueprint for all the other cities that want to keep themselves more socioeconomically diverse.”
But again, this is up to Oakland — not Uber. Uber's moving to Oakland can and should be a very good thing for the city — the Town.
At this point, it seems to me that Oakland should view gentrification — or rather the impending proliferation of tech within its city limits — as something of an accelerated iteration of global warming. Whether or not it's happening or will happen is not the question. The question is, what will the city ultimately do about it? Those nine strategies outlined in the city's Roadmap to Equity? Those don't mean a thing if Mayor Schaaf and the City of Oakland don't follow through on the commitment to ensuring that all of Oakland benefits from the increased prosperity that's likely to come to Broadway Avenue in 2017.
Here's to hoping they do.
Photo courtesy of James Daisa
Story highlights The faulty fireworks were sold at major vendors
Some exploded spontaneously after being lit
(CNN) TNT Red, White, & Blue Smoke fireworks are supposed to emit colorful smoke. They are not supposed to explode.
The popular fireworks maker voluntarily recalled 36,100 units of the product in four states Tuesday after receiving multiple reports that some of the devices exploded when lit, a US Consumer Product Safety Commission recall report said.
Three people suffered minor burns from the unintended explosions, the report said.
"The 30 days around the Fourth of July is when we see the most injuries occur," Ann Marie Buerkle, acting chairwoman of the CPSC, said in a recent news conference on fireworks safety.
The fireworks were being sold at various vendors, including Walmart and Kroger in Illinois, Ohio, Vermont and Wisconsin.
Read More
[email protected]
La Comisión Nacional de Justicia Partidaria del PRI someterá a votación el lunes próximo un dictamen en el cual solicita suspender los derechos político-partidistas del gobernador de Veracruz, Javier Duarte.
Tras conocerse que la Procuraduría General de la República (PGR) investiga al gobernador Duarte de Ochoa y a funcionarios de su gobierno por enriquecimiento ilícito, peculado e incumplimiento del deber legal, la instancia de justicia priísta decidió mover el expediente que creó en julio en contra del mandatario veracruzano.
El PRI abrió un recurso contra Javier Duarte luego de que el consejero político nacional Armando Barajas pidiera, el 21 de julio pasado, el retiro de los derechos político-partidistas al gobernador de Veracruz y en su caso, expulsarlo del partido, por considerar que deteriora la imagen del Revolucionario Institucional con su actuar.
“En primera instancia se solicita la suspensión temporal de sus derechos partidarios como militantes de nuestro instituto político y una vez acreditadas las conductas contrarias a los documentos básicos del Partido Revolucionario Institucional, solicito su expulsión”, expuso Barajas Ruiz en su denuncia.
Argumentó que Duarte tiene en su haber querellas de la Universidad Veracruzana por presuntos actos de corrupción, y por el Sistema de Administración Tributaria por contratos que celebraron dependencias veracruzanas con supuestas compañías fantasma.
La Comisión Nacional de Justicia Partidaria del tricolor, que encabeza Fernando Elías Calles, abrió el expediente CNJP-PS-CDMX-258/2016. Solicitó a la Comisión de Organización datos sobre el domicilio que tiene Duarte de Ochoa registrado en el partido para notificarle sobre el proceso abierto en su contra.
Sin embargo, de acuerdo con fuentes del PRI, al gobernador no se le ha notificado aún.
Según la Comisión de Justicia Partidaria, el trabajo se ha concentrado en la búsqueda de pruebas en contra del mandatario estatal saliente.
Justicia Partidaria del PRI nacional tiene listo el dictamen que someterá a votación el próximo lunes entre los miembros de este órgano.
El dictamen, comentaron fuentes priístas, es en el sentido de tomar medida precautoria en contra de Javier Duarte, es decir, en suspenderle sus derechos como militante debido a que está sujeto a una investigación por parte de la PGR.
El caso al interior del partido sigue abierto hasta en tanto exista una sentencia, y en consecuencia se podrá determinar si se discute o no una probable expulsión de Javier Duarte.
La comisión alista también los casos de los gobernadores de Quintana Roo, Roberto Borge, de Chihuahua, César Duarte, y del ex mandatario de Nuevo Léon, Rodrigo Medina.
Los casos se discutirán en lo individual con hasta 15 días de diferencia cada uno.
El Código de Justicia Partidaria del PRI contempla la suspensión de derechos como militante cuando se está sujeto a investigación judicial.
Prometen fast track. El vicecoordinador del PRI en la Cámara de Diputados, Jorge Carlos Ramírez Marín, afirmó que en caso de llegar la petición de desafuero por parte de la PGR actuarán en consecuencia.
“Lo mismo si se trata de iniciar un juicio político en su contra, que es lo que hasta el momento tiene la Cámara en su contra”, señaló.
“Sería responsabilidad de nosotros los diputados, en caso de que hubiera no sólo una denuncia de juicio político, sino ya un expediente abierto y consignado por parte de la PGR”, indicó el legislador priísta.
Ramírez Marín indicó que su bancada va estar a favor de cualquier solicitud fundada por una autoridad, misma que, dijo, sería atendida de inmediato, “no vamos atender caprichos partidistas ni a obedecer los caprichos de [Miguel Ángel] Yunes, por más escandalosa que sea la situación”, externó.
El vicecoordinador del PRD, Jesús Zambrano, pidió al PRI su aval para que, a la brevedad, comience a trabajar y desahogue los centenares de juicios políticos pendientes, entre ellos el del gobernador Javier Duarte.
El líder parlamentario del PAN, Marko Cortés, exigió al gobierno que actúe con rapidez y de forma contundente contra los gobernadores de Veracruz, Chihuahua y Quintana Roo.
El coordinador de senadores del PRI, Emilio Gamboa Patrón, dijo que Duarte de Ochoa tendrá que hacer frente a las acusaciones en su contra y demostrar que es inocente. “No puedo decir más, no conozco el caso”, señaló el legislador.
Multan a gobernador. La Diputación Permanente del Congreso del estado de Veracruz aprobó aplicar una sanción de 500 días de salario mínimo (36 mil 500 pesos) al gobernador Duarte, quien recibió una sentencia en contra del Tribunal Electoral local por haberse comprobado su intervención en el pasado proceso electoral.
Por orden del Tribunal Estatal Electoral, los diputados debieron aplicar la sanción monetaria al mandatario al comprobarse la irregularidad.
Y es que durante el proceso electoral para elegir a un gobernador de dos años, Duarte de Ochoa participó en actos proselitistas a favor del candidato Héctor Yunes Landa.
Con información de Horacio Jiménez, Misael Zavala y Édgar Ávila
CM Punk has never stepped foot inside the octagon, but he's not short on confidence ahead of his mixed martial arts debut. Less than a month before his first fight at UFC 203 on Sept. 10 in Cleveland, the former WWE champion doesn't have any doubts about the outcome.
“Honestly, there's no assuming. I'm gonna win,” Punk told Hot 97's Peter Rosenberg on Monday. “I've never been more confident about something in my entire life.”
Punk will face the relatively unknown Mickey Gall, who is 1-0 in his UFC career. He'll be fighting nearly two years after signing with UFC, following his abrupt departure from WWE, where he became one of the biggest stars of his generation. But unlike Brock Lesnar, who's competed in both WWE and UFC, Punk does not have any kind of MMA background.
The 37-year-old is a significant underdog entering his welterweight fight. He began training at Roufusport in Milwaukee in January of last year with the likes of former UFC champ Anthony Pettis and former Bellator champ Ben Askren.
Punk received mixed reactions from the MMA world when he was signed in December 2014. While some fighters welcomed him with open arms, others scoffed at the idea that a professional wrestler would get a shot in the octagon ahead of other UFC hopefuls.
While some fighters don't begrudge him for using his stardom to get a UFC contract, they remain skeptical about how well he'll do in his first fight.
"Yeah, I'm curious as to how he's going to do of course," UFC heavyweight Alistair Overeem recently said on The MMA Hour, referring to Punk's upcoming fight. "But I think he's in for a hard time. I don't know who he's matched against, but this is definitely different than pro wrestling. Especially in his weight class, he's a welterweight, I believe — those guys are tough man. He's going to experience it firsthand. And you know the thing is too? If he does bad, the whole world's going to be on top of him. If he does good, the next guy will be in line for him, and the next guy is going to just keep on coming. There are so many good guys at welterweight."
"So, that's definitely somebody I wouldn't want to be right now."
Punk is well aware of the challenges that he'll face at UFC 203, and he didn't make any major declarations when he signed with the company. But he believes he's ready to get a win in his first fight.
“I wish it (UFC 203) was tomorrow,” Punk told FS1's Colin Cowherd. “I will definitely be ready. I'm ready now.
“Nothing concerns me. Nothing's gonna happen on the 10th that I haven't seen already. Nothing's gonna shock me, and 100 percent I will be ready.”
"I have competed in triathlons of every level across the US and nothing has compared to the experience I had competing with my team in Doxa. The race is uniquely designed to challenge the most elite triathlete while still embracing and supporting first timers. Doxa was incredibly fun and challenging and our team cant wait to do it again!" Nathaniel Hancock, Team Truffle Shuffle "I've Always enjoyed triathlons, but I was real excited when I heard about the team format. I called some friends around the country and we decided to meet in Utah to give it a try. It was a blast! Running and biking through mountains, swimming in lakes - you couldn't ask for a more striking course. We will definitely be back next year!" James Oliveros, Team Titan "Doxa is the most amazing race I have ever taken place in." Timothy Naylor, Team Dodeca Trifecta "Definitely doing Dóxa every year! Doesn't get better than this!" Theron Anderson, Team 2 Days 2 Kill
LONDON (Reuters) - Actor Jamie Waylett, who played Hogwarts bully Vincent Crabbe in six of the Harry Potter films, was jailed for two years on Tuesday for being part of a mob during last summer's riots in London.
Actor Jamie Waylett arrives at Westminster Magistrates Court in London July 16, 2009. REUTERS/Stephen Hird
Waylett, 22, was found guilty of violent disorder by a jury at London's Wood Green Crown Court, the Press Association reported.
But the actor, who had already admitted swigging from a stolen bottle of champagne during the rioting, was cleared of intending to destroy or damage property with a petrol bomb he was pictured holding.
Waylett, who already had a previous conviction for cannabis possession, was with a gang of at least four people who went into the Chalk Farm area of north London last August on the third day of violence in the capital.
He was captured on CCTV at various points during the evening, often with a hood over his head.
The footage shows him accepting a bottle of champagne from a rioter who had just looted the supermarket he was standing outside.
Judge Simon Carr sentenced the actor to two years for violent disorder and 12 months for handling stolen goods, to run concurrently.
Jailing him, the judge said: “Anyone watching the footage in this case can only imagine the mayhem that took place on the streets.
“You chose to go out on to the streets on what was the third day of the violence. You were pictured on a number of occasions with a bottle full of petrol with a rag as a wick.
“I accept ... that you did not throw or have any intention of throwing it, but merely being in possession of it would have been terrifying to anyone who saw you.”
Judge Carr told Waylett he would be eligible for release after a year in jail.
The star, who had a shaved head and a goatee beard, wore a white shirt with an open collar and a dark suit to hear the sentencing.
Charter Admits Net Neutrality Didn't Hurt Broadband Investment One of the biggest talking points in the ISP assault on net neutrality is the idea that these modest consumer protections seriously harmed network investment. This falsehood has been repeated time, and time, and time again by ISP lobbying organizations and former industry employees like current FCC boss Ajit Pai. Of course as we've noted countless times, public SEC and earnings reports, independent analysis as well as numerous ISP executive statements to investors (who by law they can't lie to) have debunked this narrative time and time again.
That doesn't seem to matter to the ISPs and loyal lawmakers pushing this dishonest idea; in fact the FCC tried to argue the point again last week in a facts-optional " fact sheet " (pdf) they circulated to support their attack on the popular consumer protections. But in announcing the company's launch of gigabit service in Oahu this week over at the company blog, Charter once again inadvertently highlighted how this claim is little more than disingenuous dreck. "While customers may experience these speed upgrades as if a switch has been flipped, they were made possible by Charter's ongoing investments in infrastructure and technology," says Charter of the company's launch. "These investments allow us to better serve our customers every day, in ways big and small. Since 2014, Charter has invested more than $21 billion in these critical areas." That's not the only time Charter executives have admitted net neutrality had no negative impact on their network investment. Charter CEO Tom Rutledge told former FCC boss Tom Wheeler that "the commission's decision to reclassify broadband Internet access under Title II has not altered Charter's approach of investing significantly in its network to deliver cutting edge services."
Rutledge is also on record also telling investors that "Title II, it didn't really hurt us; it hasn't hurt us." Former Time Warner Cable CEO Rob Marcus, whose company was acquired by Charter last year, also is on record predicting that implementing Title II and net neutrality "won't see a change in the way we do business." If that's not enough for you, check out this analysis of industry CAPEX (pdf) by consumer group Free Press, which found that "during the two years following the FCC's Open Internet Order vote... From 2015-2016 Charter's pro forma capital investments [including newly acquired Time Warner Cable and Bright House Networks] topped $14.5 billion, a 15 percent increase which came despite hundreds of millions of dollars (or more) in synergies that Charter claimed following the May 2016 closing of the deal." At the same time, all of the lobbying organizations Charter funds have been arguing for years that Title II and net neutrality had a massive, negative impact on sector investment. Those claims have popped up again and again in company and lobbyist PR statements, lawsuits against the FCC, and in editorials by loyal footsoldiers funded by the cable industry. And, again, they're also being used by At the same time, all of the lobbying organizations Charter funds have been arguing for years that Title II and net neutrality had a massive, negative impact on sector investment. Those claims have popped up again and again in company and lobbyist PR statements, lawsuits against the FCC, and in editorials by loyal footsoldiers funded by the cable industry. And, again, they're also being used by Ajit Pai as a cornerstone of what may just be the least popular decision in tech policy history.
News Jump Tuesday Morning Links Monday Morning Links TGI Friday Morning Links Thursday Morning Links Wednesday Morning Links Tuesday Morning Links Friday Morning Links Thursday Morning Links - Valentines Edition Wednesday Morning Links Tuesday Morning Links ---------------------- this week last week most discussed
Most recommended from 21 comments
TIGERON
join:2008-03-11
Boston, MA Motorola MG7550
1 edit 14 recommendations TIGERON Member Once this information is used in court Little lyin' Pai won't be smiling his bullshit anymore. Hopefully anyway.
With the massive opposition, the hatred against him and the unpopularity of his policies you would think the court would see right through Pai's bullshit and tell him to kindly go fuck himself.
The reality is that this ping pong game of going back and forth is not working. We need some common sense with network neutrality, the realities of network congestion and management, technology growth, adaptation, expansion, costs and strategies of deploying fiber upgrades to areas where it is feasible.
Not every area is going to get fiber. Let's be real. This is why I support g.fast. The copper is still valuable. I've said it before many times in the case of Frontier and other small telecoms, build a middle mile fiber network, and deploy gfast equipment as an upgrade to ADSL on the last mile. That can work.
As far as Ajit Pai, he's a corporate stooge and lying jackass who's nose has been up the ass of Brian Roberts, Randall Stephenson and Lowell McAdam. Most people with any sense want to see him get run over by a moving train for trying to fuck over the country.
Anon11b14
@sandwichisles.net 13 recommendations Anon11b14 Anon Lies! "to investors (who by law they can't lie to)" Why can't there be laws to protect Americans from lying politicians? If caught more than once are impeached and thrown in prison for treason. It's ok to lie to voters but not ok to lie to investors? WTF! en103
join:2011-05-02 ·Charter
10 recommendations en103 Member Businesses Just don't want to have to deal with rules/regulations and be pushed into _any_ possible form of compliance. In some ways, I don't blame them. Telephone service was (is?) highly regulated and people eventually went around POTS.
The sad part about this... ISP's are really just the last mile and shouldn't have much say in filtering.
My concern is / and has been any form of
a) Throttling/filtering/traffic shaping to push competitors down (ala bit torrent)
b) Making the Internet more of a 'Walled Garden' approach of services (ala AOL/CompuServe / etc. of the past) for a lower fee, and eventually removing 'access' to the actual Internet itself
c) Service based caps - i.e. You will get unlimited YouTube at 4K screen (complete with Ads), but, 5GB of Email + web browsing .. unless you opt into 'ads'
d) URL / URI modifications. I personally _really_ disliked Verizon's URL injection,
e) Banning of VPN/Proxy tunnels
While some of these haven't happened yet... Some of these have happened in the past, and revenue from various sources will bring them back.
Sewbo Inc has announced that it has achieved the long-sought goal of automated sewing, by using an industrial robot to sew together a T-shirt. This milestone represents the first time that a robot has been used to sew an entire article of clothing.
Despite widespread use in other industries, automation has failed to find a place in apparel manufacturing due to robots' inability to handle limp, flexible fabrics. Sewbo avoids these hurdles by temporarily stiffening fabrics, making it easy for conventional robots to build clothes as if they were made from sheet metal. Afterwards, the process is reversed to produce soft, fully assembled garments.
"Our technology will allow manufacturers to create higher-quality clothing at lower costs in less time than ever before," said Jonathan Zornow, the technology's inventor. "Avoiding labor issues and shortening supply chains will help reduce the complexity and headaches surrounding today's intricate global supply network. And digital manufacturing will revolutionize fashion, even down to how we buy our clothes by allowing easy and affordable customization for everyone." said Jonathan Zornow, the technology's inventor.
Sewbo performed their feat using an off-the-shelf industrial robot, which they taught to operate a consumer sewing machine. Having successfully proved its core concept, Sewbo is now expanding its team and working towards commercializing its technology.
How it Works
Despite widespread use in other industries, automation has made little progress in clothing manufacturing due to the difficulties robots face when trying to manipulate limp, flexible fabrics.
Sewbo avoids these hurdles by temporarily stiffening fabrics, allowing off-the-shelf industrial robots to easily build garments from rigid cloth, just as if they were working with sheet metal. The fabric panels can be easily molded and welded before being permanently sewn together.
The water-soluble stiffener is removed at the end of the manufacturing process with a simple rinse in hot water, leaving a soft, fully assembled piece of clothing. The stiffener can then be recovered for reuse. The treatment uses a plastic called Polyvinyl Alcohol, a non-toxic polymer that is already used elsewhere in the textile production process, as a "sizing" that temporarily strengthens yarn during weaving.
Source and top image: Sewbo
Once you get to the Division I level of college wrestling, you run into guys who can physically beat you to a pulp, humiliate you, or both.
Scott Moore was one of those wrestlers. Wrestling for Penn State and the University of Virginia, he placed top four in the nation twice, and in his final year of college, lost one match all season while leading the nation in pins. If you were unlucky enough to run into him on the mat, he would likely hurt you and embarrass you.
The thought of wrestling Moore would scare most men. It did not, however, scare Sara McMann. At the 2000 Penn State Open, McMann wrestled Moore, and while she lost by pin fairly quickly, she left a permanent impression on her opponent.
"I can remember that match very well," Moore told Bloody Elbow this week. "The thing I remembered most about that match was the confidence she had in approaching the match. She had defeated a Lehigh wrestler the match before and came in very aggressive off the start."
"During the match I was impressed with the amount of fight and effort she put forth and remember telling people that she fought harder than most of the men that I wrestled. I certainly respected her after that and have been a fan ever since."
During the time she spent training at Lock Haven University, McMann faced some of the best male college wrestlers in the country. Wins came rarely, but maybe that's the point; she would take on all comers, regardless of their sex, strength or skill, and regardless of the certainty of her defeat. Long before McMann abandoned the wrestling mats for the canvas and cage, she was a true fighter at heart.
The Origins of McMann's Wrestling Career.
Though McMann hails from the wrestling hotbed of Pennsylvania, she did not begin wrestling until 14 years old and a high school freshman, after moving to Marion, North Carolina. There, at McDowell high school, she joined the boys team, and by her third year, earned a spot on the varsity starting lineup. In her fourth and final season of high school wrestling, competing exclusively against males, she won more matches than she lost.
The wrestling bug had bitten McMann, and she looked for a chance to pursue the sport after high school. It just so happens that the University of Minnesota-Morris (UMM) had recently started nation's first women's collegiate program. McMann packed her bags and headed for the frigid Upper Midwest.
In 1998 and 1999, McMann excelled for UMM, winning a University National Freestyle Championship (women's college wrestling did not hold an actual intercollegiate national championship until 2004). Despite her success, McMann sought a different training environment, and in 2000 she moved back to her childhood home to continue her development as a wrestler at Pennsylvania's Lock Haven University. By this point, USA Wrestling had awarded McMann a monthly stipend due to her success in freestyle competition. This stipend disqualified her from actually representing Lock Haven in varsity competition, but she did travel with the team to open college tournaments, like the Penn State Open, where she would enter fields of some of the roughest and toughest young men the Keystone State had to offer.
The move to Lock Haven paid off, and McMann quickly shot to the top of the United States Women's Rankings at 63 kilograms (the first couple years the weight class was actually 62 kg, but who is counting). In 2000, she won the World Team Trials, her first of six, and in 2004, she claimed first place at the first ever Olympic Team Trials in women's wrestling.
McMann maintained her place at the top of American wrestling until the 2008 Olympic Team Trials, where, facing off-the-mat distractions and an excellent opponent, she lost in the final wrestle off to Randi Miller. Soon after the 2008 Trials, McMann's wrestling career petered out, and she went off to face new challenges.
McMann's Time at the Top
McMann had both really good timing and really bad timing in her wrestling: good timing in the sense that she peaked as a wrestler right around when women's freestyle first became an Olympic sport, bad because just as she came into her own, so did Japan's Kaori Icho.
Three Olympic golds, seven World Championships and unmatched technical ability make Icho the greatest women's freestyle wrestler in history. While countrywoman Saori Yoshida claims more world championships, she lacks Icho's fluidity and clinical precision. Icho flows from move to move in a way that would make many male wrestlers jealous, and, sadly, she wrestled at the same weight, and same time as McMann.
McMann won three medals at world championships: silver in 2003, bronze in 2005 and bronze in 2007. At each of these competitions, she only lost to Icho. As some of you might have guessed by now, McMann also had to contend with Icho in the 63 kg finals of the 2004 Olympics.
For a change of pace, here's some video analysis of the final three fights on the UFC 170 card by our own Kid Nate, Dallas Winston and Connor Ruebusch. They dive deep into Ronda Rousey vs. Sara McMann, Daniel Cormier vs. Patrick Cummins, and Rory MacDonald vs. Demian Maia.
Impressively, or tragically, depending on how you look at it, McMann almost beat Icho in the Athens Games. Down 2-0 in the first period, Icho had to rally to tie the match. With 20 seconds left in the bout, and the score deadlocked at 2, Icho shot in and scored the deciding takedown. Below, you see McMann defend the initial shot, but great wrestlers don't stop with one move, and Icho cuts back the other way for the score and the Olympic gold medal.
McMann's defeat in the Olympic finals left her inconsolable. We know this because on the medal stand, Icho, whom seems like a very nice woman, actually reached to her right and attempted to console the silver medalist. It didn't work, and I understand why; to work so hard, for so long, in pursuit of an improbable dream, only to come so close and fall barely short, would really suck.
I would also speculate that McMann felt a particular edge to her disappointment because she knew that she could beat Icho. Though Icho's last technical loss came in the 2007 Asian Championships, where she forfeited to Taiwan's Hou Min-Wen, her last real loss in an actual contested match happened at the 2003 Klippan Open, when McMann defeated her 6-3.
That match appears below.
McMann's Wrestling Style
Disgraced boxer Antonio Margarito's trainer once quipped that when Margarito fights, the makeup comes off. I find this description even more appropriate for Sara McMann's wrestling. No matter her opponent, McMann always seems meaner, better conditioned and more aggressive. From the moment the whistle blows, she attacks her adversaries with extreme prejudice, brawling and battering like a long-haired Brands brother.
McMann adopts an elegant and effective wrestling strategy centered around controlling her opponent's head. Where the head goes the body will follow, and taking control of someone else's body proves quite easy with their face in the mat. The best part about applying continual downward pressure to an opposing wrestlers head is that eventually they start standing taller to avoid getting snapped down. When Mcmann's competition starting popping upright to counteract her pressure up top, they would leave their legs open for McMann to crash in on a powerful shot.
As you can see, when McMann took a shot, she fully committed to it, Above, she hits a drag to a driving double on Greece's Stavroula Zygouri in the 2004 Olympic semis. Zygouri futilely tries to throw McMann through, but only ends up planted on her back, pinned and defeated.
From a physical standpoint, one thing that jumps out in the above sequence, and about McMann generally, is her raw power. Most of her competition appears downright weak standing across from her on a mat.
How powerful is McMann? On occasion she still does some training in the Lock Haven wrestling room, overseen by her old opponent Scott Moore, the University's new head wrestling coach. Recently, Moore noticed McMann's brute force had a shocking effect on some training equipment.
"She was in working out at Lock Haven a few months ago," Moore recalled. "I walked in my office and found a note on my desk saying she broke the chain on our heavy bag and that she was going to Lowe's to get a new one. She showed up the next day and we fixed it."
"I'm still not sure how she broke something so strong, but it certainly spoke to the type of person she is and how she is not someone you want to mess with."
Factgrinder Final Analysis
Sara McMann owns an Olympic silver medal in wrestling, no other American woman has anything other than a bronze, and for the greatest female wrestler of all time, McMann would likely have won the 2004 Olympics, three world championships, and recognition as the greatest American wrestler ever without a Y chromosome.
Maybe things worked out for the better. Had McMann won that last match in the 2004 Games, she would still be wrestling, not fighting in tonight's main event for a UFC title and possibly starring in wacky commercials, like her Japanese contemporary.
Hop on the bus, Gus Even rural America can have good public transportation
When I travel to a rural area, I assume that renting a car will be a necessity. In fact, I assume it in much of the U.S. Except in a few older coastal or Upper Midwest inner cities, it's hard to get around in America without driving. So imagine my surprise upon arriving in Aspen, Colo., for a reporting trip and the Aspen Ideas Festival, and finding that a surprisingly good bus system and bikeshare program could get me almost everywhere I needed to go. And it didn't cost an arm and a leg — just an arm. A broken arm. It turns out Aspen is so pro-pedestrian that it can actually create difficulties for visiting cyclists. But that's not the worst problem to have.
Aspen and its neighbors along the Roaring Fork River high in the Rocky Mountains, such as Carbondale, are old mining towns. Developed in the late 19th century, they have walkable downtowns. To help residents and visitors get around or between those downtowns, they have a recently expanded bus service. The regional bus stops along Route 82, the road connecting the towns, with parking lots at the outlying stops, like a suburban commuter-rail station.
Local environmentalists I spoke with raved about the bus system, which may partly reflect the low expectations we've all developed for rural mass transit. Still, there were 4.1 million rides on Roaring Fork Transportation Authority (RFTA) buses in 2013, a 4 percent increase over 2012. That's impressive for a region with only around 32,000 residents (though the seasonal population can increase substantially from tourism). If you're in a downtown area, there will be a stop walking distance from you. The buses come frequently enough despite the small local population. The system is even integrated with other modes of transit: Many buses are outfitted with a bike rack in front and at certain stops you can load your bike on.
And it isn't like in some Sun Belt cities where bus riding is a stigmatized habit of poor people. While the system's primary purpose is to take service workers from the less expensive towns where they live to their jobs in Aspen, I saw tourists and members of the second-home crowd on the buses. Professionals also often commute by bike or bus. Jamie Cundiff, the forest program director at the Aspen Center for Environmental Studies, does both. “My car doesn't do very well in the snow, so especially in the winter it's nice not to stress about the snow,” says Cundiff. “If it's in the summer, I love having the ability to bike one way and bus the other because sometimes the weather is different in the morning than the afternoon.”
But, like many bus systems, this one is confusing to outsiders. Stops are identified in a local jargony shorthand, like “ABC” for the “Airport Business Center,” and there's no easy way to find out how the nicknames or acronyms correspond to places in the real world. Buses skip stops if there is no one waiting there and no rider requests the stop, but of course out-of-towners often don't know when to request the stop they want. Even so, with effort, determination, and a lot of communication with the bus driver, one can save the $100 per day it would cost to rent a car.
Still, the system is not quite as advanced as the marketing would lead you to believe. The RFTA's new “Bus Rapid Transit” line is actually nothing of the sort: It's just express bus service. It makes fewer stops — only nine on its 41-mile route — and it doesn't wait for other buses to arrive so that riders can seamlessly transfer, as the local buses do. But real BRT has a dedicated lane and a number of design elements that speed the loading of passengers, such as fares paid ahead of time at the stop, instead of on the bus. In a rural area, these differences probably matter a lot less than they do in a big city. The Roaring Fork Valley “BRT” only has a dedicated lane for a small section of its route, but it's not like I ever got stuck in traffic as a result. Nor is waiting for people to pay on the bus as big a deal when the bus doesn't have nearly as many riders as, say, Manhattan's 2nd Avenue line.
But why call it BRT rather than just an express bus? Because it might make it easier to get funding from local voters and the federal government. Local officials brag that their “VelociRFTA,” which launched in 2013, was the nation's first rural BRT line. The $46 million cost of the line was paid for partly with federal money and partly by a 0.04 percent sales tax increase in the eight participating jurisdictions, approved by voters in 2008. The proposal was considered politically risky at the time, as the economy was in crisis. Voters, though, were weary of high gas prices and worsening traffic coming in and out of Aspen at rush hour, so 55 percent voted to fund the new line. (RFTA did not respond to a request for comment.)
The whole question of BRT highlights a larger problem, which is that even express bus service relies on the inefficient mechanism of roads and automobiles. Trains can keep to a schedule with a certainty that buses can't, unless they are shielded from the vicissitudes of traffic in a dedicated BRT lane. (Every RFTA bus I took was precisely on time, but a road blocked by an accident could easily change that.) And trains, of course, are more energy-efficient than cars and buses. The Roaring Fork Valley actually had trains until they were phased out between the 1960s and ‘90s. It's too bad they're now gone, but at least the former tracks have been turned into a lovely biking and walking trail, largely managed by the RFTA.
I took a bike ride on that stunningly scenic trail, which runs right along the Roaring Fork River, through a valley with mountains on all sides. And thanks to Aspen's bikeshare program, annoyingly called WE-cycle, I also used bikes to zip around town.
It was great — until I discovered one of the big downsides of the city's people-centric transportation policies. On my last full day in Aspen, I was biking down a hill when a jaywalking pedestrian waltzed into the middle of the street in front of me. I slammed on the breaks, flew forward off the bike, landed on my wrist, and fractured my elbow. I stood up to find the woman who'd stepped into my path screaming at me, insisting that I was supposed to stop for pedestrians. I thought she was crazy — she wasn't in a crosswalk, after all — until I asked a local police officer and was told that is indeed the expectation in Aspen. Pedestrians apparently always have the right of way, and cars and bikes are expected to just stop for them. I'm a firm believer that cyclists should follow the same rules as cars and be considerate of pedestrians — I wrote about this at length just a couple of months ago — but it doesn't make sense in this context. Unlike a car, a bike can't stop on a dime without sending its driver flying forward.
So I experienced the good and the bad of the Aspen area's transportation system. It's mostly good — cheaper, greener mobility options are helping to maintain the area's high quality of life. And the bad — well, my arm is still in a sling, three weeks later.
Sonic Boom: Rise of Lyric is an action-adventure video game developed by Big Red Button and published by Sega for the Wii U console.[1] Along with Sonic Boom: Shattered Crystal for the Nintendo 3DS, the game is a spin-off of Sega's Sonic the Hedgehog series and is a part of the Sonic Boom franchise, which also consists of an animated television series (whose games serve as prequel), a comic series by Archie Comics, and a toyline by Tomy.[2][3]
The two games together formed the third and final part in Sega's exclusivity agreement with Nintendo, following Sonic Lost World and Mario & Sonic at the Sochi 2014 Olympic Winter Games in 2013. Both games were released in North America, Europe, and Australia in November 2014,[4][5] and in Japan the following month.[1][6][7] The game was retitled as Sonic Toon: Ancient Treasure for its Japanese release.
Rise of Lyric was met with a very negative response from critics, where it was heavily criticized for its numerous glitches, camera system, controls, combat, story, dialogue, and character development. The game did not perform well commercially, with the combined sales of Rise of Lyric and Shattered Crystal totaling 620,000 copies by May 2015.[8]
Plot
Sonic, Tails, Knuckles and Amy pursue Eggman until they encounter an ancient tomb with carvings of Sonic and Tails on the entrance. Sonic is stopped twice by Amy from opening the door, but when Metal Sonic ambushes the group, Sonic opens the door and the group escape. Inside, they encounter an imprisoned, but powerful snake villain named Lyric the Last Ancient.[9] Lyric recognises Sonic from events transpiring one thousand years ago and captures the group, but Tails deactivates the shackles and turns them into beams named Enerbeams for the group to use.
After meeting Cliff, the group discovers that Lyric planned to power an army of war robots with the Chaos Crystals to create a world of twisted metal and robots, but was imprisoned by The Ancients when they discovered the plan; the group then set out to retrieve the Chaos Crystals before Lyric. At an abandoned research facility, they meet MAIA, a robot who rebelled against Lyric, who assists them by creating a portal, allowing Sonic and Tails to go one thousand years back in time to retrieve a map showing the location of the Chaos Crystals. Sonic and Tails are then attacked by Shadow, but defeat him, enter the portal, successfully retrieve the map from inside Lyric's weapon facility and trap him inside for future imprisonment by The Ancients.
Lyric reluctantly forms an alliance with Eggman, but after no success, Lyric turns on Eggman by programming Metal Sonic against him. The group defeat Metal Sonic and Eggman and retrieve the final Chaos Crystal, but Sonic is then surrounded by Lyric and his robots. Lyric demands the Crystals; Sonic refuses to give them up, but Tails, Knuckles and Amy agree to do so. Sonic is then attacked by Lyric's robots and buried under rubble, but recovers and the group set out to Lyric's Lair to stop him. During the battle, Lyric reprogrammes the Enerbeams to ensnare the group, but before he can take advantage of the situation, Eggman ambushes Lyric from behind, freeing the group. Sonic then ties up Lyric with assistance from his friends and removes Lyric's technopathy device to incapacitate him; Knuckles discards it. The group celebrate, but in a post-credits scene, Eggman recovers the device and uses it to revive Metal Sonic.
Gameplay
Sonic Boom: Rise of Lyric An example of gameplay in
Sonic Boom is an action-adventure game with a stronger emphasis on exploration and combat compared to previous Sonic the Hedgehog installments, featuring four main characters whom players control: Sonic, Tails, Knuckles, and Amy. Each character has their own unique abilities and gameplay mechanics: Sonic can use his speed and homing attacks, Tails can fly and use various gadgets, Knuckles can burrow underground and climb on walls, and Amy can use her hammer to swing on poles. Each character also possesses a whip-like weapon called the Enerbeam, which allows them to perform various actions such as hanging from speeding rails, removing enemy shields, and solving puzzles. There is also a focus on collaboration, with player's switching control between multiple characters and using their abilities to progress. The game will support local co-operative multiplayer for two players, with additional modes for up to four players locally.[10][11][12][13]
Rise of Lyric is divided into at least three main gameplay styles: speedy platforming stages akin to main-series Sonic games like Sonic Generations, exploration stages, and boss battles.[14]
Development
On May 17, 2013, Sega announced a worldwide agreement with Nintendo for the next three games in Sega's Sonic the Hedgehog series to be developed exclusively for Nintendo devices.[15] This included Sonic Lost World and Mario & Sonic at the Sochi 2014 Olympic Winter Games.[16] On February 6, 2014, Sega announced Sonic Boom as the official title for Wii U and Nintendo 3DS. The game ties in with Sega's Sonic Boom franchise, which includes a television series and other merchandise, and is the third release in Sega's exclusivity agreement with Nintendo.[17] The franchise is designed for Western audiences[18] and serves as a prequel to the television series. Sega announced the game would feature Sonic's traditional speed alongside a new exploratory game mechanic called "Enerbeam". Sega of America's marketing director Marchello Churchill explained that the new franchise was not designed to "replace modern Sonic".[17] The Western developer's CEO explained that Sonic Boom's Sonic is "very different ... both in tone and art direction".[17]
Los Angeles based game studio Big Red Button developed the game under supervision by Sonic Team[17] and long-time Sonic game designer Takashi Iizuka.[18] The game was built on CryEngine and is centered on "combat and exploration".[17] Sega outsourced the game to Western developers in order to increase the game's appeal in Western markets, culminating in a separate westernized Sonic franchise.[18] The video game concept came after the television series plan. Big Red Button was chosen due to the studio's adventure game portfolio and leader, Bob Rafei of the Crash Bandicoot, Uncharted, and Jak and Daxter series.[18] Portions of the game were co-developed by IllFonic, who assisted with some of the game's level design, art assets, and code.[19] The game remains a separate continuity to the main series, and was originally not intended to be released in Japan.[20] However, it was later revealed that the games would be released in Japan, under the name Sonic Toon (ソニックトゥーン, Sonikku Tūn).[21]
British composer Richard Jacques composed the music. Jacques was selected because of his experience with previous Sonic games, including Sonic 3D Blast, Sonic R, and Sonic & All-Stars Racing Transformed.[22]
Release
Unlike with previous games, Sega did not provide reviewers with advance copies of either Shattered Crystal or Rise of Lyric; they could only begin reviewing once the game was on sale.[23]
On the first day of release, a glitch was discovered that allowed players to jump to infinite heights by pausing the game during Knuckles' jump, which could be used to bypass most of the game. Speedrunners managed to beat the game in under an hour using the glitch.[24] In January 2015, a patch was released to fix a few problems with the game, including the "Knuckles Jump" glitch.[25][26]
Reception
Pre-release demos featured at E3 2014 received mixed reception from journalists. Destructoid nominated Rise of Lyric for "Best Platformer" and "Best Nintendo Exclusive" for their "Best of E3" awards.[37] In contrast, GameCentral was much more negative in their preview stating, "the very worst game in the line-up was Sega's Sonic Boom, which was so unspeakably awful we couldn't even force ourselves to play through the whole demo".[38]
The game's final release was critically panned, becoming the lowest scoring game in the entire series and is notable for its exceptionally negative reception from critics. It has a Metacritic score of 32/100,[28] the lowest for any Sonic game so far, and a GameRankings score of 33.15%.[27] Don Saas from GameSpot panned the game for its repetitive level design, dull puzzle-solving, numerous bugs, and uninspired combat system. He stated that "Through a combination of unwieldy controls, a broken camera system, and a total lack of responsiveness, the platforming and exploration elements of Rise of Lyric are totally unworkable". He summarized the review by saying that the Sonic name deserves better than Rise of Lyric, and so do consumers.[32] Similarly, Tim Turi from Game Informer criticized the poor visual quality, frame rate, dialogue, unfunny jokes, and shoddy level-design.[31]
Mikel Reparaz from IGN was slightly less negative, praising its multiplayer gameplay, but criticizing the game's simple and tedious combat, stating that "Rise of Lyric isn't fundamentally broken or unplayable; it's just thoroughly disappointing and unpolished, and while it does have some fun to offer, it's fun that's been done better in countless similar games. Rise of Lyric falls well below our already-low expectations".[33] Sam Gill of the Independent called its graphics "bland" whilst criticizing its poor gameplay and irritating glitches but praising its soundtrack. He concluded the review by stating while it could be argued the game is primarily aimed at children, it "doesn't excuse the general lack of quality apparent in this poorly executed piece of software".[39]
David Jenkins from GameCentral was overwhelmingly negative about the game, citing a "terrible camera", dull combat, "insipid" level design, "broken" graphics and "serious" bugs. He stated it is "definitely the worst game of 2014". GameCentral was appalled with the E3 demo of the game, and David stated one of the positive things about Sonic Boom is that "it proves previews do give a relatively accurate impression of a game's final quality".[36]
Sega announced that the total sales of Sonic Boom (includes both Rise of Lyric and Shattered Crystal) has shifted 620,000 copies as of May 11, 2015, making it the lowest-selling game in the franchise.[8]
The new outfit, Le Tre Rose from Casale Monferrato in Piedmont, was initially forbidden from playing in the Serie C league because federation laws state that each squad can only have one foreign player, Il Fatto Quotidiano reported.
The rules were designed to support the development Italian rugby talent at grassroots level, but they had blocked the team from starting the season as 80 percent of the squad is made of African refugees who have fled wars and persecution to find a better life in Italy.
The squad was therefore forced to spend two months petitioning the Italian Rugby Federation and the Italian Olympic Committee (Coni) in order to get the go-ahead to compete.
The rules were finally waived in December.
The rugby federation said that special dispensation had been granted for Le Tre Rose as the squad represented an important opportunity for social integration.
“Support and solidarity for friends are without doubt characteristics of the sport and so we accepted their request,” the federation's president, Alfredo Gavazzi, said.
“Our primary aim is to promote the game of rugby and through the game teach values typical of the sport.”
Although the team has permission to compete, it will be prevented from advancing to Serie B should it finish in the playoff positions at the end of the season - due to its extreme majority of foreign players.
However, here is little risk of the team finishing anywhere near the top of Serie C.
Most of the refugees playing for Le Tre Rose hadn't seen a rugby ball before setting foot in Italy and had to learn the game from scratch with the help of enthusiastic local players.
In their first game, played at the end of December, the team lost 85-7 to Acqui Terme – one of the league's high flyers. They fared slightly better in their second outing against Novi Ligure going down just 37-0.
But clearly, at this stage at least, results don't matter.
“Above all else it's about playing,” club manager Luca Patrucco said. “Being here is already a miracle.”
Square Enix Japan have started running a paid advertisement on Twitter (visible only to people in Japan and USA) for Kingdom Hearts HD 2.8 Final Chapter Prologue, leading up to its Japanese release for PS4 on January 12, 2017. The ad details that the game contains three stories that lead to Kingdom Hearts III. Pre-orders are available on PlayStation Store, Amazon and other retailers.
The ad uses the following promotional image:
Update: Various promotional materials such as standees and a short video have been put on display in stores in Japan leading up to Kingdom Hearts HD 2.8 Final Chapter Prologue's release! Images are provided thanks to Twitter user @bKvEBVAvUq and you can check them out below.
Comment below to let us know if you plan to purchase a physical or digital copy of the game!
The renewed fighting in Myanmar has drawn close to the Chinese border in the past week, and Chinese media are reporting that the government of neighboring province in Yunnan is bracing for impact, moving troops to the border and preparing refugee camps to deal with an influx of refugees from the Kachin rebel-controlled areas (Kachin is the name of both the state in Myanmar and an ethnic group).
The China-Myanmar border is a particularly porous one: it is common for Chinese nationals to move to towns on the Burmese side to conduct trade, while members of Myanmar's ethnic minorities cross the border unofficially as part of their daily lives. Yesterday, for instance, The People's Daily did a story on a woman from Myanmar who illegally crosses into China each week to take advantage of lower vegetable prices.
China has a mixed track record with refugee crises along the Yunnan border – it won moderate praise for its handling of the 2009 Kokang Incident, when it housed and fed an estimated 37,000 refugees from Burma's Kokang region, and successfully applied pressure on participants to return to a ceasefire. Last summer, however, Human Rights Watch accused China of forcing several thousand Kachin refugees to return to a war zone in the same region that is the source of the imminent refugee crisis.
What accounts for the difference in China's handling of Kokang and Karchin incidents? Mainly the scale of the crises and China's perceived interests in the conflicts. Kokang, which borders the Chinese-speaking independent Wa state, is home to an enormous population of Chinese merchants who have settled in Myanmar to conduct trade – largely exporting Chinese manufactured goods and buying grey-market timber. The 2009 conflict put China in the embarrassing position of standing by as Myanmar, a near-client state of China, threatened the lives and property of Chinese nationals within a short distance of the Chinese border.
As a 2009 article by Drew Thompson reported, this was interpreted by Chinese nationalist bloggers as a display of weakness, putting it into the same category as China's disputed territorial claims – foreign policy issues with serious domestic political consequences. (The Party sees China's strength as a primary source of legitimacy). As such, it was handled at a very high level – Meng Jianzhu, then a member of the State Council and now head of the Party committee that oversees all internal security – was sent to Yunnan to coordinate a response to the refugee issue.
By contrast, the Kachin refugee crisis last summer was handled by the local authorities in China, implying it was a low-priority for Beijing. Preparations for the expected new wave of refugees appears to be following this model. I expect that China will, at a minimum, attempt to avoid international criticism if refugees start to arrive in large numbers, but it remains to be seen whether refugee camps will provide adequate services or offer the most basic level of assistance.
Even at a high level, the Chinese government is extremely wary of accepting refugees. Sophie Richardson, head of the China division of Human Rights Watch, told me that China fears providing too much aid to North Korean refugees out of concern it will encourage a greater flow of them. This sort of thinking may have been applied even to refugees temporarily displaced by conflict.
What will probably make the greatest difference is whether or not the current round of fighting is interpreted as an issue for China. Chinese Kachins protested at the border last Thursday, demanding that China intervene to protect their Burmese counterparts. This is unlikely to create much pressure, although you might think it would, given that when overseas Han Chinese communities are threatened, there are consistently widespread calls for the Chinese government to intervene, and the Kachin, called Jingpo in Mandarin, are one of China's 55 recognized ethnic groups.
What is more interesting is the round of reporting in the state press about the conflict's impact on China. When Myanmar Army shells landed on the Chinese side of the border, it provoked no serious complaints – but state media have been reporting extensively on the effect it is having on trade, including interviews with shopkeepers in border towns whose Myanmarese customers have not come since the fighting began.
Foreign Policy also has a story reporting that Chinese academics are calling for China to give up on dealing with Myanmar's increasingly democratic-leaning government and instead throw its support wholeheartedly to the border group. It's difficult to assess the merits of this assertion at this time, but its worth pointing out that in recent years China has a very consistent record of supporting incumbent governments and opposing separatist movements.
What may be the most important issue for Chinese leaders is dams. Foreign analysts believe that the goal of Myanmar's campaign is to take control of the sites of proposed hydroelectric dams, unpopular with local people, but important to Chinese state-owned companies.
If finished, these dams are planned to send most of their generated power to Yunnan, providing a major source of clean energy to a government that has recently been under considerable pressure to move away from coal. The largest, the Myitsone dam, was canceled in a response to popular pressure as one of the first actions of Myanmar's current reform-leaning president, however China is eager to see work on it resumed. So China may calculate that this round of fighting is worth tolerating, whatever its effect on China's international reputation.
Navigable aqueducts played an important role in getting Great Britain's industrial revolution off the ground. In an age when railroads and commercial highways had yet to be invented, these elevated artificial water bridges proved their worth at the time and have continued to do so for over two hundred years.
Longdon Aqueduct
(images via: DaveAFlett, The Discovering Wellington Project and Tony Clayton)
Though British engineers were familiar with stone aqueducts dating back more than 1,500 years to Roman Britain, the Longdon Aqueduct in east central Shropshire would have impressed Caesar himself.
(images via: BurnhamMike and Captain Ahab's Watery Tales)
Dating from 1795, the world's first large-scale cast iron navigable aqueduct was a vital component of the the Shrewsbury Canal system and was in use through 1944.
(image via: Narrow Boat Albert)
Though the canal has been abandoned, the Longdon Aqueduct and its accompanying towpath remain mainly intact and have been designated a Grade I listed structure. Emboldened by the success of the Longdon Aqueduct, engineer Thomas Telford moved on to bigger things: the Pontcysyllte Aqueduct in Wales.
Pontcysyllte Aqueduct
(images via: Aeropic, Geograph and Webbaviation)
Telford dreamed big and took his time: the Pontcysyllte Aqueduct wasn't completed until 1805 but it still reigns as the longest and highest aqueduct in the UK. Measuring 1,007 ft (307 m) long, 11 ft (3.4 m) wide and 5.25 ft (1.60 m) deep, the Pontcysyllte Aqueduct carries the Llangollen Canal over the River Dee in Wrexham, northeast Wales.
(images via: UNESCO WHC, Waterscape and Boating Business)
The Pontcysyllte (pronounced “pont-ker-suth-tee”) Aqueduct may have been the height -literally – of technology at the time, but its construction involved some surprisingly unusual and ancient techniques. One example is the mortar used to cement the masonry piers: it was made from water, lime, and ox blood!
(image via: Adrian Pingstone)
The Pontcysyllte Aqueduct was added to the UNESCO World Heritage List in June of 2009. The aqueduct is used regularly by pleasure boaters and commercial “narrowboats”, and once every 5 years it's drained (by removing a plug) for cleaning and routine maintenance.
Edstone Aqueduct
(images via: Henley News and Paul Tweedy)
The Edstone Aqueduct is another early cast iron aqueduct, built in the early 19th century to carry a portion of the Stratford Canal. The trough is supported by 13 brick piers that range from 8 to 11 meters (26 to 33 ft) in height.
(images via: Aqueducts of the Inland Waterways and Warwickshire Railways.com)
A trip along the Edstone Aqueduct and its associated canal system takes one back to a time when time was not of the essence, as this video so serenely states:
EDSTONE AQUEDUCT, via PIGandPINEAPPLE
(image via: NB Bendigedig)
The 145 meter (475 ft) Edstone Aqueduct is the longest aqueduct in England. It spans the tracks of the former Alcester Railway line, and locomotive drivers would often top up their boilers via a convenient pipe from the aqueduct.
Avon Aqueduct
(images via: Undiscovered Scotland, Eclectech and Barrow Bob)
At 250 meters (810 ft) long and 26 meters (86 ft) high, the Avon Aqueduct is Scotland's longest and tallest aqueduct. Built after a design by navigable aqueduct pioneer Thomas Telford, the Avon Aqueduct features a cast iron trough supported by 12 brick and masonry arches.
(images via: Tom Gomez / RedBubble and Scotland's Places)
Today the Avon Aqueduct runs through Muiravonside Country Park, providing a spectacular scenic view from the park's lush landscape or from the top of the aqueduct itself. Acrophobics be warned: an ascent to the aqueduct's upper reaches tends to induce anxiety.
(image via: Dave Henniker)
The Avon Aqueduct carried the Union Canal and is located near Linlithgow in West Lothian, Scotland. Three great navigable aqueducts facilitated water traffic on the Union Canal, which opened in 1822 and was closed in 1965, with the Avon Aqueduct being the largest and longest of the three.
Lune Aqueduct
(images via: Wild Card Walks, Pitt-Dixon and 1st Art Gallery)
Though very much a product of the newly born Industrial Revolution, not all navigable aqueducts expressed modern designs and engineering. Take the Lune Aqueduct, which looks like it was lifted directly from an Italian renaissance tableau.
(image via: Barry CLARE)
The Lune Aqueduct carries the Lancaster Canal over the River Lune in Lancaster, England. Designed by John Rennie following classical architectural techniques, the Lune Aqueduct supports the canal and towpath 19 meters (62 ft) over the River Lune on 5 arched brick piers. The aqueduct was built between 1794 and 1796, and its cost ran way over budget preventing the Lancaster Canal from connecting to the main canal network via the never-built aqueduct over the Ribble river.
(images via: Geograph and Lancaster Guardian)
The Lune Aqueduct not only looks Roman, it was built using Roman technology adapted by designer/architect John Rennie. To ensure the stone bed of the aqueduct would not leak, Rennie specified the use of Pozzolana powder, a Roman invention that allows concrete to set underwater. Kudos to both Rennie and the Romans: the Lune Aqueduct is still in use today, though a £2-million “makeover” conducted in early 2011 should keep it humming along for another couple hundred years or so.
Slateford Aqueduct
(images via: Kim Traynor and Scotland's Places)
Located in in south-west Edinburgh, Scotland, the Slateford Aqueduct is part of the Union Canal system. Completed in 1822, the aqueduct measures 180 meters (600 feet) long and is 18 meters (60 ft) in height.
(images via: Spokes and Structurae)
Cyclists have made the tow path along the Slateford Aqueduct a favorite route for racing and recreation, and a network of stairways installed by local authorities has encouraged walkers and joggers to explore the area as well.
(image via: Feet First Canal Walks)
The Slateford Aqueduct carries the Union Canal over the Water of Leith (the main river flowing through Edinburgh) and Inglis Green Road. The eight-arched aqueduct was mainly used for commercial use by coal barges until competition from railroads made such slow transport unprofitable.
Almond Aqueduct
(images via: Olympiaa, CanalPlan AC and PerryWeb)
The 130 meter (420 ft) long Almond Aqueduct carries the Union Canal 23 meters (76 ft) over the River Almond and, in its day, helped reduce the travel time between Edinburgh and Glasgow to a mere 13 hours.
(images via: Geograph and Paul Hicks)
The liquid nature of all navigable aqueducts' “roads” means water levels rise and fall depending on a variety of factors, mainly rainfall in the region. As such, most large navigable aqueducts were built with overflow outlets much like the one in your bathroom sink. Above you can see water spewing forth from the Almond Aqueduct's overflow outlet, taken from the top and looking down.
(image via: Citizenthom)
Freeze frame! The above photo captures a spectacular icicle that formed from water exiting the Almond Aquaduct's overflow channel during a sharp cold spell in January of 2009. The flash-frozen flood compares with the legendary Broxburn icicle, which stretched 22.8m (75ft) long in 1895.
Chirk Aqueduct
(images via: Narrow Boat Hire and Charnwood Cam)
Chirk Aqueduct is a 21 meter (70 ft) high, and 220 meter (710 ft) long navigable aqueduct that carries the Llangollen Canal from Wales to England, or vice versa. Completed in 1801 after a 5-year-long construction period, Chirk Aqueduct is another Thomas Telford design with a cast iron trough concealed by masonry walls and piers.
(image via: MAntunes)
A railway viaduct was later added alongside the Chirk Aqueduct, designed with the same style and basic construction methods though its quite a few years more recent.
(images via: Your Local Web and Gerry Cork)
Cruising the Llangollen Canal over the Chirk Aqueduct takes a twist when, just beyond the northern end of the aqueduct, the canal flows into the Chirk Tunnel complete with towpath. It must have been a unique experience towing coal barges through the 420 meter (nearly 1,400 ft) long tunnel.
Barton Swing Aqueduct
(images via: John Eyres and Narrowboat Tacet)
The poster child for 19th century British engineering has to be the Barton Swing Aqueduct, opened in 1894 to replace a stone aqueduct built in 1761. Directed from a brick control tower situated on an island in the Manchester Shipping Canal, this ingenious swinging aqueduct allows the Bridgewater Canal to cross the newer shipping canal by spinning 90 degrees.
(image via: Vince's World)
The tower also controls a swinging road bridge slightly upstream but still pivoting on the island. When in use, both bridge and aqueduct swing around to line up along the longitudinal axis of the island. Here's a cool video of the Barton Swing Aqueduct doing what it does best:
Barton Aqueduct, via NBKeepingup
Ash Aqueduct
(image via: Geograph)
Two hundred years after the first cast-iron navigable aqueduct appeared in Great Britain, the Ash Aqueduct officially opened. Two centuries is a long time for a certain technology to remain in use, relatively unchanged, but perhaps Thomas Telford was a man ahead of his time.
(images via: Renderosity and Basingstoke-Canal.org)
The Ash Aqueduct officially opened in June of 1995 and, unfortunately, graffiti taggers wasted no time in welcoming it to the ‘hood. The aqueduct's stated purpose is to carry the Basingstoke Canal from Surrey into Hampshire, over the Blackwater River.
(image via: Ministry)
“Things that are wanting are brought together / Things remote are connected / Rivers themselves meet by the assistance of art / To afford new objects of commerce.” So reads the inscription (translated from Latin) on the south side of the Lune Aqueduct. This wonderful expression of romantic optimism reflected the era's belief that art and science working together could accomplish great things for great public benefit. The UK's navigable aqueducts helped realize that hope.
Posted by OrdainWomen on Feb 1, 2017 in Blog |
Debra Jenson serves as the chair of the Ordain Women communications committee.
What about women who don't want the priesthood? Why aren't you satisfied in your role? Women already hold the priesthood so why do you need it?
I love and respect the women of my church. I am the granddaughter of a member of the Daughters of Utah Pioneers and I am proud of my pioneer ancestors. I fully understand the concerns of women who do not want the priesthood—many of whom are already stretched to their limits with family and church commitments—seeing priesthood ordination as yet one more demand on their time.
In response to this question, I first say that women who do not feel the call to ordination should absolutely not feel obligated to be ordained. I do not believe ordination should be required for any member who does not feel called to its duties. As children of Heavenly Parents, we are born with divine natures and individual worth; we should be allowed to take the unique talents and gifts we are given and use them in service.
In addition to this, I believe that women must acknowledge that the very same stress they feel at the thought of ordination is already felt by men and boys in our community. Mormon men are forced to carry the burden of leadership by themselves, even though they have busy lives with family, work, and community responsibilities pulling at their time. Imagine the work we could do, the miracles that could be accomplished were we to truly be equally yoked, with double the number of priesthood holders in our church.
Researchers say a simple technique using magnetic resonance imaging could lead to an early diagnosis of dementia, long before cognitive decline is evident. A study published in the journal Radiology said the MRI technique, arterial spin labeling, or ASL, does not require injection of a contrast agent and could eventually reduce the use of scans exposing patients to radiation.
"ASL MRI is simple to perform, doesn't require special equipment and only adds a few minutes to the exam," study author Dr. Sven Haller of the University of Geneva, in Switzerland, said in a statement.
The study involved 148 healthy seniors and 65 individuals with cognitive impairment. Of the healthy subjects, 73 showed cognitive decline in a follow-up 18 months later, and showed "reduced perfusion at their baseline ASL MRI exams, particularly in the posterior cingulate cortex," the researchers said.
The pattern of reduced perfusion was similar to that of the patients who already had shown signs of cognitive impairment.
Photo: Radiological Society of North America
"Less perfusion indicates decreased neural activity," Haller said.
Positron emission tomography, or PET, had previously shown reduced metabolism in the same parts of the brain of Alzheimer's patients as those highlighted by the ASL MRI. Haller said the MRI technique could replace scans for measuring brain metabolism, thus reducing patients' exposure to radiation.
Pet bird of Thomas Jefferson
Dick the Mockingbird was the name of one of U.S. president Thomas Jefferson's pet birds. Although there had been previous presidential pets, Jefferson is thought to be "the first president to have a pet [that lived] in the White House..."[1] Prior to his term in the Oval Office, Jefferson bought his first mockingbird in November 1772 from a slave of his father-in-law John Wayles for five shillings.[2][3] Birds were Jefferson's favorite animal and Dick was the favorite from among at least four mockingbirds the president had while in office.[3] During his time in the White House, Jefferson wrote observations on the types of birds that he spotted in the area. In May 1793, in response to a letter from his son-in-law Thomas Mann Randolph,[3] Jefferson wrote: "I sincerely congratulate you on the arrival of the mockingbird. Teach all the children to venerate it as a superior being which will haunt them if any harm is done to itself or its eggs."[4]
Time spent together [ edit ]
Jefferson was noted to have kept Dick's cage in a special area in his study among plants on a windowsill where he would often leave the cage open and allowed him free range of the room. The mockingbird was known to perch on Jefferson's couch and sing him to sleep after following him one by one up the stairs. Dick liked to sit on Jefferson's shoulder as he worked at his desk in the study. In a trained gesture, Jefferson would even put food between his lips and the mockingbird would swoop down and take it from him. When Jefferson took out his violin and started playing, Dick would "pour out his song along with the violin,"[5] similar to a duet. An acquaintance of Jefferson wrote, "How he loved the bird! He could not live without something to love… his bird and his flowers became the objects of his tender care."[5]
References [ edit ]
Emily Lakdawalla • March 12, 2013
Checking in on Jupiter
When I'm looking for current pictures of Jupiter, there are three names that come to mind: Damian Peach, Anthony Wesley, and Christopher Go. These three amateurs specialize in photographing the planets. Together with lots of other amateurs they are building an invaluable record of Jupiter's changing face. The telescopes and equipment that they use for planet imaging are obviously of high quality but they are not outlandishly large -- Peach, Wesley, and Go are all using 14-inch (35-cm) telescopes (give or take a few cm) for their imaging. Their hobbies cost them roughly the same amount of money that other people might spend on a motorcycle or speedboat. Yet they are exploring the planets, and providing ongoing, night-after-night coverage that no professional can match. Here's what Jupiter looked like, a couple of months ago, near its opposition:
Damian Peach Jupiter on December 27, 2012 Damian Peach took this photo of Jupiter a few weeks after opposition from Selsey, in the United Kingdom. Damian Peach took this photo of Jupiter a few weeks after opposition from Selsey, in the United Kingdom.
I spent a pleasurable day yesterday trawling Damian Peach's Jupiter photo archives. Here's a look at Jupiter from each of its last four oppositions. I picked two photos from each of the 2009, 2010, 2011, and 2012 oppositions, showing approximately opposite faces of Jupiter. Astonishingly, many of these photos were taken from his home in Selsey, West Sussex, in the United Kingdom, a country not known for having regularly cloudless skies (though Peach says that this town, which is on a promontory on the southern coast of England, enjoys clearer skies than typical UK locations). Peach also regularly visits an observing site in Barbados, which must be nice!
Damian Peach; montage by Emily Lakdawalla Jupiter's changing face, 2009-2012 All of these photos were taken by amateur astronomer Damian Peach. Each row represents one year; the two photos show approximately opposing hemispheres of Jupiter. Top row: September 10 and 7, 2009, from Barbados; second row: September 12 and 15, 2010, from Barbados; third row: October 1 and December 27, 2011, from Selsey; bottom row: December 27 and November 21, 2012, from Selsey. All of these photos were taken by amateur astronomer Damian Peach. Each row represents one year; the two photos show approximately opposing hemispheres of Jupiter. Top row: September 10 and 7, 2009, from Barbados; second row: September 12 and 15, 2010, from Barbados; third row: October 1 and December 27, 2011, from Selsey; bottom row: December 27 and November 21, 2012, from Selsey.
The changes from year to year are just fascinating. I've written before about the disappearance and reappearance of Jupiter's South Equatorial Belt, which is probably the most obvious of the time-varying features visible here. But there is so much more to see. Look at the region to the left of the Great Red Spot. Is it turbulent like when Cassini passed by, or smooth like when New Horizons passed by? Look at the color and banding within the Red Spot. Look, too, at the color of the Little Red Spot (also known as Oval BA). In 2009 and 2012 you can see that there's actually another Red Spot in Jupiter's northern hemisphere, a bit smaller than Oval BA. Check a red belt in any location in one year and see how different it appears in other years. The variety in the appearance of the northern hemisphere from year to year is fascinating.
For a bit more historical perspective, compare the views above to these six global views from the Pioneers, Voyagers, Cassini, and New Horizons:
NASA / JPL / SSI / JHUAPL / SwRI / Björn Jónsson Six spacecraft views of Jupiter A total of seven spacecraft have visited Jupiter to date, and six of them returned global images. A total of seven spacecraft have visited Jupiter to date, and six of them returned global images.
I am glad there are amateur astronomers keeping an eye on Jupiter!
Emily Lakdawalla Senior Editor and Planetary Evangelist for The Planetary Society
Read more articles by Emily Lakdawalla
Bert Sutcliffe, MBE, who died of emphysema on April 20, 2001, aged 77, was the outstanding New Zealand batsman of the immediate post-war period, though many in England who watched that other New Zealand left-hander, Martin Donnelly, in The Parks for Oxford might pursue counter-claims. Perhaps, as R. C. Robertson- Glasgow noted, "Sutcliffe had a more powerful case in his strokes to leg" whereas "in defence, Donnelly always looked the surer". The splendour of their off-side strokes was, needless to say, a given, and their brilliant fielding never ceased to excite attention, with Sutcliffe in his element whether at short leg, in the slips or at cover. Both made manifest again in that austere era some of the more charming cricketing images of the inter-war years.
Tall and good-looking, fair-haired and enviably fit, batting in the classic manner, Bert Sutcliffe - his given name the homely choice of parents who had emigrated from Lancashire - might well have graced the pages of a novel featuring country-house cricket, not least in that he ever remained an affable man of steady temper. His blondness made him instantly recognisable, while, for the enthusiast, there was much that was identifiable in the shapely, clean-cut dispatch of his shot-making. When Walter Hadlee's New Zealanders visited England in 1949, determined to prosecute their case for an end to the insult of three-day Tests, it was in large degree thanks to Bert Sutcliffe that, with four sound draws, the slur was removed. He scored 2,627 runs in that pleasantly dry summer, including 423 at a marvellous 60.42 in the Tests; only Bradman, with 2,960 in 1930, had a higher aggregate on a tour of England. Patsy Hendren, observing Sutcliffe as he warmed up at Lord's in pre-tour nets, is reported to have said, "2,500 in a season if ever I saw 'em."
He made his first-class debut at 18, for Auckland against Wellington in 1941-42 and then spent two years at teacher training college before joining the army. Overseas service in North Africa and Italy found him playing cricket with English spinners Jim Laker and Peter Smith, and the experience would stand him in good stead when peace returned. His teaching career took him to Dunedin, where his 197 and 128 for Otago against the 1946-47 MCC tourists guaranteed his first Test cap a week later, in Christchurch. Putting on 133 for the first wicket with Hadlee, playing majestically until caught behind off Bedser for 58, he launched an illustrious career just as another was drawing to an end, for this would be the final Test of his boyhood hero, Walter Hammond.
From then until 1965, when he made his third tour of England, Sutcliffe played 42 Tests, making 2,727 runs with an average of 40.10 and the highest score of 230 not out against India at Delhi in 1955-56. He captained New Zealand in both Tests against the visiting West Indians in 1951-52, and again for the last two Tests in South Africa in 1953-54, having assumed charge of the touring side when Geoff Rabone was injured. If his form on this tour dipped below that expected of such a gifted player, there were still times, Wisden noted, "when he played in a manner to live in the memory of spectators". The Second Test at Ellis Park was one of them. Struck on the head by a bumper from Neil Adcock, he gallantly returned, heavily bandaged and pale, to score 80 not out in a total of 187, adding 33 for the last wicket with fast bowler Bob Blair in a partnership charged with emotion and sympathy for the New Zealanders. Two days earlier, on Christmas Eve, Blair's 19-year-old fiancée had been one of 151 people killed in a rail accident in New Zealand. A month later Sutcliffe pasted the Border bowling for 196, his only century in South Africa, but there were hundreds against Western Australia, South Australia and Victoria on the way home.
It has been suggested that his head injury at Johannesburg subsequently affected his Test batting. But he remained a genuine force in New Zealand cricket. Though he had been absent from Tests for five seasons, at the age of 41 he was included in the 1965 side to tour India, Pakistan and England. His unbeaten 151 at Eden Gardens was his fifth and last Test a hundred.
In all first-class cricket, he hit 44 centuries in a total of 17,447 runs at a fine average of 47.41. His highest innings, among a series of heavy scores, was 385 for Otago against Canterbury at Christchurch in 1952-53 - at the time the sixth-highest score ever and, until the advent of Brian Lara, the highest by a left-hander in first-class cricket. He had previously made 355 for Otago against Auckland in 1949-50. Six more scores over 200 included 243, followed by 100 not out in the second innings, against Essex in 1949. He also took 160 catches and claimed a stumping. Bert Sutcliffe was New Zealand's first Sportsman of the Year, in 1949, and in 1990 was selected in the inaugural list for the New Zealand Sports Hall of Fame. The decision to name the country's new cricket academy ground at Lincoln the Bert Sutcliffe Oval was a deeply felt tribute to his heroic part in their cricket history.
Wisden Cricketers' Almanack
Hello, and I'd like to welcome myself back after an extended absence. I'm sure you all missed me. Maybe.
Much hay has been made about the A's focus on the bullpen, after an offseason relief shopping spree left them heavily invested in several well-known arms. Most notably, the A's acquired Jim Johnson in exchange for Jemile Weeks. This is the sort of trade the A's are known to avoid until now: taking an expensive bullpen piece in exchange for a young player who stands to provide some surplus value, even if he isn't an incredibly great player himself.
On a recent Fangraphs podcast (highly recommended if you don't already listen), Dave Cameron parroted a theory that others have made that actually makes sense to me. Beane acquired Johnson not just for his statistical similarity to Balfour, but also to limit saves that Doolittle and/or Cook might then accumulate without Johnson around. Those saves would have made Doolittle and/or Cook more expensive in their arbitration years.
Now, I'm not really a conspiracy theory sort of guy. But, at least this one makes sense from an investment standpoint. It is better to pay $10M to Johnson now in 2014 dollars than pay the equivalent or more extra in Doolittle's and/or Cook's salary in future dollars. This keeps both of those bullpen anchors in Oakland longer, and helps keep the A's competitive window open for longer. Plus, it would have been just as easy to name someone like Otero a closer and acquire an MiLB veteran or waiver wire arm, and there is some non-zero chance he would be just as good as Johnson. Otero himself is a prime example of someone like that, that Beane could have acquired on the cheap but did not.
What do you guys think? Was trading for Johnson a larger part of a Beane master plan, or simply a case of him improving the team where it made the most sense?
33 Days Until Opening Night
"Breaking Bad" fans weren't the only ones who took to Twitter Sunday night.
Companies and other entities jumped on the #BreakingBad, #GoodbyeBreakingBad, #BreakingBadFinale trending terms, taking advantage of a nationwide obsession to promote their own products and opinions. There's a good reason to jump on the bandwagon: AdAge reports advertisers are paying up to $400,000 for a 30-second spot during the show.
Here are some of the most entertaining attempts at hijacking the "Breaking Bad" phenomenon:
Because you can't watch "Breaking Bad" in your bare feet:
You'll need a t-shirt to match those socks:
And of course you'll need to keep clean while watching:
Certainly a beer in hand is necessary to complete your new t-shirt and socks look:
Who else needs a beer after that finale? #BreakingBad pic.twitter.com/atqz61OPNg — Miller Lite (@MillerLite) September 30, 2013
Oh, by the way, apparently all Democrats are total Heisenbergs:
#BreakingBad finale starts SO SOON! Check out these 7 Democrats who are #BreakingBad from their districts: http://t.co/2DHulhQJix — NRCC (@NRCC) September 30, 2013
Of course, so are all Republicans:
#BreakingBad ends tonight, but if you like watching things spiral out of control, we've still got the @GOP. pic.twitter.com/e4PAmSa9XL — The Democrats (@TheDemocrats) September 30, 2013
You could probably go for a burger after buying clothes and drinking beers and cleaning and hating politicians while watching your favorite TV show:
They should have smoothed things over with Whataburger #BreakingBad — Whataburger® (@Whataburger) September 30, 2013
Ah yes. And apparently you also need a gun:
More from Scott Clark and Peter DeVries available More fromavailable here
With five months to go before the vote, the talk is all about taxes now. Earlier this month, the Liberals released their middle-income tax package, which they intend to promote as a better alternative to the Conservatives' ‘family tax cut' package.
The Liberal plan includes a cut in the middle tax rate of 1.5 percentage points, which would cost $3 billion. To pay for this, Justin Trudeau proposes a new 33 per cent federal tax rate for taxable incomes above $200,000, up from 29 per cent. (In fact, the increase in average tax for someone earning over $200,000 would be only 2.2 per cent, taking into account the reduction of 1.5 percentage points in the second tax rate.)
The proposed increase in the top rate would raise the combined federal and provincial top tax to about 53 per cent in Ontario and Quebec, 58 per cent in New Brunswick. That, according to some, would be enough to trigger an exodus of high-income Canadians — turning Westmount, Lawrence Park North and Shaughnessy Heights into wastelands of empty mansions with For Sale signs swinging in the breeze.
According to the Conservatives and other critics, the additional funds the Liberals are betting on from the introduction of a high-income tax rate won't materialize because, as one pundit wrote in the Globe and Mail, “the tax base shrinks as taxes go up because high earners resort more to tax avoidance — by changing their residency, sheltering income, getting paid in stock options or hiring even better accountants.”
So we're being told this “whopping big” increase of four percentage points in the top federal rate (2.2 per cent increase in the average rate) is going to mean boom times for moving companies and accountants — and that as a result, the Liberal fiscal plan has a revenue gap. NDP Leader Tom Mulcair, who has already stated he won't raise income taxes, has declared that a top rate of 50 per cent would represent “confiscation”. (He's still prepared to raise corporate taxes on the assumption that capital suddenly isn't as mobile as people.)
So did Trudeau and company screw up? Does their tax plan amount to an attempt to “confiscate” funds they can never get at anyway, because the wealthy households in question will just pack up and leave? Short answers: No and no. As usual, the truth lies not in the policy alone, but in how it would be implemented.
The wealthy don't get to be wealthy by ignoring tax-avoidance opportunities; most people earning north of $200,000 have already maxed out those opportunities. Even the best accountants can only do so much. The wealthy don't get to be wealthy by ignoring tax-avoidance opportunities; most people earning north of $200,000 have already maxed out those opportunities. Even the best accountants can only do so much.
It's reasonable to argue that, if taxes are increased on high-income, mobile earners, those people might consider moving to a lower-income tax district. But the size of the tax increase they face, and the level of income on which it applies, would be critical to that decision — as would a host of other socio-economic variables that have nothing much to do with taxes. Canada has taxed wealthy households at rates as high as 70 per cent in the past; no one is suggesting a return to anything like that.
The Liberals are proposing a 2.2-point increase in the average tax rate (four points in the top marginal rate) for anyone earning above $200,000. So if you earned $250,000, under the Liberal proposal you would pay an additional $1,350, roughly; if you earned $300,000, your additional tax would be $3,300; at $500,000 of income the additional tax would be $11,300. A millionaire would pay an additional tax of $31,300.
Compared with income, these are marginal tax increases. The households in question wouldn't feel the sting at all. But let's say these high-income earners want to leave anyway — to make a point. Where would they go?
No doubt some might consider New York City. There, the combined top federal, state and city tax would be tax 46.6 per cent for someone earning $209,000 and 50.7 per cent for someone earning more than $411,000. Ouch.
How about California? For someone earning $200,000 there, the combined federal and state top rate is 42.3 per cent; for someone earning $311,000 the combined federal and state top rate is 44.3 per cent; and for someone earning $411,000 the combined federal and state rate is 50.9 per cent.
Quite a few U.S. states have no state taxes; there the top marginal rate for someone earning more than $411,000 is 39.6 per cent. Take Texas, for example: There may be wealthy Canadians willing to pack up their families and move to Dallas because of the 13-point difference in the top rate.
But it's not that simple — not for the rich, not for anyone. All households have to make a calculation based on a wide range of factors before making an economic move from one tax jurisdiction to another. Here's one of those factors: New York and California taxes, as well as the taxes of every other state, do not reserve much in the way of revenues to fund public health and education. Those costs are left largely to the individual. As a result, the health and education infrastructure in the U.S. has being deteriorating for years. The wealthier you are, of course, the less such considerations affect you — but does anyone willingly move to a jurisdiction where public services are underfunded and falling to pieces?
As for the argument that a high-income tax bump would lead to more tax avoidance — yes, that's going to happen. But not as much as you might think. The wealthy don't get to be wealthy by ignoring tax-avoidance opportunities; most people earning north of $200,000 have already maxed out those opportunities. Even the best accountants can only do so much. It's very likely that most high-income Canadians are not currently paying an effective federal top tax rate close to 29 per cent, or a combined top rate even close to 50 per cent.
There may be other good reasons for regarding a tax hike on wealthy households as a bad idea. But the notion of some mass exodus of high-earning households just isn't plausible.
Scott Clark is president of C.S. Clark Consulting. Together with Peter DeVries he writes the public policy blog 3DPolicy. Prior to that he held a number of senior positions in the Canadian government dealing with both domestic and international policy issues, including deputy minister of finance and senior adviser to the prime minister. He has an honours BA in economics and mathematics from Queen's University and a PhD in economics from the University of California at Berkeley.
Peter DeVries is a consultant in fiscal policy and public management issues, primarily on an international basis. From 1984 to 2005, he held a number of senior positions in the Department of Finance, including director of the Fiscal Policy Division, responsible for overall preparation of the federal budget. Mr. DeVries holds an MA in economics from McMaster University.
The views, opinions and positions expressed by all iPolitics columnists and contributors are the author's alone. They do not inherently or expressly reflect the views, opinions and/or positions of iPolitics.
About USD-X
USD-X exchange is a great platform for trading major cryptocurrencies. The company came into effect in December 2016. The company's motto is to become one of the leading crypto currency exchanges worldwide. The interface is user-friendly and easy to use. The company aims to keep the platform free of any manipulation and prevent all sort of illegal conduct.
The security is strong and has strict policies when it comes to compliance. USD-X exchange follows strict Anti-Money Laundering (AML) and Know Your Customer (KYC) regulations. There are three levels of security.
Security levels at USD-X
At First level, the email ID of a user is verified. For the second level of security, a users name, Address and phone number are verified. At the third level of security, various verifications occur such as ID proof, bank account, credit card details and physical address.
If a user doesn't clear the levels, the company may not allow the trader to transact. If any activity is found suspicious and does not comply with the company norms, the company may suspend the account immediately or permanently.
The company provides immense customer support to its traders through various means. There is a trading desk where a user can post a query and company reverts with a solution or requests for more information.
The query could be regarding trading, transaction fees, acceptable crypto coins, deposits, trading pairs etc. The company aims to provide long-term support to its users by providing adequate solutions. The user can also raise query directly by sending an email to the admin.
Other Cryptocurrency Exchanges: TradeSatoshi, Bittrex, Gatecoin, Cryptomate
The company thrives to for constant development and innovation. The trading is flat-to crypto i.e. all the crypto currencies are traded against USD. The company also offers API that provides sufficient information about the crypto market from the USD-X database.
Currently, the Public API is available that does not require any sort of authentication. Soon the company shall release another version of API that provides full control over the trade and also the coins.
How to set up a new USD-X account?
In order to set up a new account, log on to www.usd-x.com. Click on the register tab; enter the email ID, username, and password. A verification link is sent to the registered email ID. The user can click on the link to activate the account.
USD-X market
A user can click on the market tab and select the desired currency for trading. The user can go through the list of recent market trades that occurred. There is also a list of the entire buy and sell orders for the selected currency available. If a user makes any transaction, it would appear in tab “your recent trades” .
There are several tools available to give the user insights regarding trading value. A graph shows the currency pricing with respect to timeline. The user can know the 24-hour trading volume, the availability of the currency, bidding trends etc.
There are two sections available on the site. In one section, a user can buy the Bitcoins by setting the amount. In another section, a user can also sell Bitcoin
Thus, USD-X is a new but great platform to exchange currency or trade. USD-X provides immense service and resources to its clients such as trading tools, market insights and especially a trading desk for convenience. USD-X has the potential to become one of the most preferred platforms for exchange in near future.
Rich, buttery vanilla cupcake with a hint of coconut and a fresh mango buttercream.
So, this is my first Fiesta Friday post! I'm super excited to be joining the party and looking forward to mingling with all of you. As I was deciding what special dessert I should bring to the occasion, I was thinking about how much I've been enjoying the summer weather now that it's finally here. My husband, the boys and I have been really enjoying our walks around our neighborhood and catching up with our neighbors. We've all been hibernating with the extreme cold winter we've had and it's nice to see everyone out and about.
To celebrate the beautiful weather, I decided to make something using flavors that symbolize summer. While I was at the supermarket, I noticed some gorgeous mangos on sale, perfect! I love mangos, they're such a sweet and fragrant fruit. Mangos are also a tropical fruit, so I wanted to carry that theme into my recipe. Then I came across some coconut flavored yogurt and it just came together for me. To be honest, I've never baked with yogurt before, I usually use sour cream, but no better time than the present to try something new.
These vanilla cupcakes are rich, buttery, moist, and have a hint of coconut from adding the coconut yogurt to the batter. The buttercream tastes fresh and sweet, and is bursting with mango flavor. I was super happy when I was whipping up the buttercream, the smell of fresh mangos filled my kitchen and the gorgeous color made it look like a bowl of sunshine.
Little Sweet Baker TV Little Sweet Baker TV MY LATEST VIDEOS
The buttery vanilla, sweet mango, and light taste of coconut is a perfect combination. However, if you're not a coconut fan, french vanilla yogurt is quite lovely with the mango flavor too.
I brought some unfrosted cupcakes to my grandmother's house as I know she's not a buttercream fan. As she was complimenting on how good they were, she told me that what she likes to do with mini cakes is to chill them in the fridge, cut them in half, then pan fry them with butter so they're crispy. Pan fried cupcakes? Has anyone else heard of that or is it just a #myweirdgrandma thing? Please let me know as I'm really curious about this. I laugh just thinking about it because I've never heard such a thing before. That's my grandma and I love her. 🙂
Thank you [email protected] for the invite and thank you [email protected] for hosting such a wonderful party!
Tropical Mango Vanilla Cupcakes ★★★★★ 4.8 from 12 reviews Rich, buttery vanilla cupcake with a hint of coconut and a fresh mango buttercream. Author: Lily Ernst
Prep Time: 20 min
Cook Time: 20 min
Total Time: 40 minutes
Yield: 12
Category: dessert
Method: bake
Cuisine: American Ingredients Cupcakes 1 & 1/3 cups all-purpose flour
1/2 tsp baking powder
1/4 tsp baking soda
1/4 tsp salt
1/2 cup unsalted butter, melted and cooled
1 cup sugar
1 large egg
1/4 cup coconut flavored yogurt (or vanilla)
3/4 cup milk (I used whole milk)
1 tsp vanilla Buttercream 3/4 cup unsalted butter, room temperature
1/2 cup mango puree (see notes*)
1/4 tsp salt
1/2 tsp vanilla extract
2-4 cups icing sugar (see notes**) Instructions Preheat oven to 350°F and line a muffin pan with 12 paper liners. In a large bowl, toss together flour, baking powder, baking soda and salt. In a medium bowl, whisk the melted butter with the sugar. Add the egg, yogurt, milk and vanilla. Stir together, then gently pour into the dry ingredients. Mix until smooth and try not to over mix. Fill the paper liners 3/4 full with batter and bake for about 18-20 minutes or until a toothpick inserted into the centre comes out clean. Let cupcakes cool completely before frosting. To make the buttercream, whip the butter until light and fluffy. Add the mango puree, salt and vanilla, mix until somewhat incorporated. Add the icing sugar, one cup at a time, blend until smooth. Notes *To make the mango puree, blend a generous 1/2 cup of diced fresh ripe mangoes until smooth. You can also use canned mango puree or frozen mango chunks. If using frozen mangoes, first thaw and pat dry, then puree. **The amount of powdered sugar you need to reach your desired consistency will depend on how ripe and juicy your mangoes are. The cupcakes can be stored in an airtight container in the refrigerator for up to 3 days. Best served at room temperature. Keywords: mango cupcake recipe, mango buttercream recipe, coconut vanilla cupcake
Does anyone else think it was kind of weird how Rachel Maddow started attacking Jill Stein, seemingly out of the blue, right before the DNC decided to spit in the eye of its progressive base once again by electing Tom Perez over Keith Ellison? At the time I assumed that she did it for the same reason she keeps collaborating with the deep state's push toward a military confrontation with Russia: she's an asshole. Ever since the elections at the DNC Winter Meeting in Atlanta, however, I've wondered if maybe I was a bit too charitable in my assessment of her.
On paper, there was absolutely no reason for Maddow to go out of her way to smear Jill Stein as a Russian agent during her appearance on Viceland's “Desus and Mero” show; the election was months ago, Stein got a mere one percent of the vote, and is now operating in no official capacity within the US government. The photo Maddow showed of Stein at an event in Moscow —also attended by Vladimir Putin— was from 2015, and had already done the rounds in August of 2016 when the Democrats were just getting started with their moronic Russia fearmongering and McCarthyist smear jobs on their political opponents. Why would a powerful political pundit with a surging viewership go out of her way to smear the name of a forgotten candidate from a small party with a photo from 2015 which had already been circulated in 2016?
It could be that she was already smearing Michael Flynn for appearing in the same photo and, because she's such an asshole, couldn't resist the urge to down-punch someone who poses no threat to her or her establishment while she was at it, adding yet another name to her ever-growing blacklist of secret Kremlin operatives out of spite. It could also be that she'd heard the rumors that Tom Perez was a lock for DNC Chairman, and, knowing the outrage this would inevitably cause progressive Democrats, decided to smear the only political party that's currently ready, willing and able to absorb progressives from that party and hit the ground running. That, not Flynn who had already resigned at that point, could very well have been Maddow's real reason for bringing up the photo in the first place.
Either way, corporate liberals picked it up and ran with it, going out of their way to make sure everyone within their sphere of influence was well aware that the former Green Party candidate once sat at a table with the Russian president. Public interest in the Green Party had greatly waned in the chaos and outrage over the Trump presidency, so why were all these pro-establishment Democrats suddenly taking an interest in Jill Stein?
In my last article I floated the idea of a GreenEnter being perhaps the most energy-efficient and effectual path forward; it was relatively well-received going by the comments I'm seeing on social media, but one concern that came up a number of times from a few different readers was that the Green Party has a “branding problem” and a “stigma”, that there's too much public perception that it's a fringe party for hippies. This seems to be a major argument in the progressive movement for the need to create a new party, or to dispense with the approach of political parties altogether.
I'm wide open to any and all ideas people have for taking over America's political left with an anti-corporatist movement (including DemEnter if people still want to try that approach), but I think most folks who paid close attention to corporate media's coverage (if you can even call it that) of Jill Stein's campaign will agree that the Green Party doesn't have a branding problem so much as it has a corporatist propaganda problem. The deluge of deceitful smear pieces and hit jobs against Stein was deafening to anyone who supported her; I was putting a ton of effort into refuting them via my old gig at Inquisitr and even my prolific typing fingers couldn't keep up with the constant outpouring of corporatist vitriol.
Now, here's the real thing, so listen up — it's obvious to me that literally any movement that tries to hijack the Democratic party's progressive base will be instantly inundated by such propaganda campaigns from establishment mouthpieces like Rachel Maddow, and the more threatening they become the more aggressive, dishonest and vitriolic those campaigns will get. People don't think of the Green Party as a fringey hippie party of stoner edgelords and commies because the party has done a poor job of getting its message out there, they think that because the neoliberal corporate media has been aggressively smearing its image since its inception to keep it marginalized and ensure the continued functionality of the one-party Dempublican extortion scheme. That's one of the many reasons I keep talking about this revolution as first and foremost a media war; too many people severely underestimate how pervasively the corporate media is influencing the way people think and vote with its nonstop barrage of psy-ops upon the American psyche.
So that's going to happen with a new party too. We can be dead sure of that. As soon as the fragments of our movement starts to coalesce into one again (which I imagine will happen over the next couple of months or so), no matter what we call that party or what beauty we put into it or how vigilant we are with our ethics or how watertight our funding practices are, they will find six ways from Sunday to wedge us with smears. That is a given. That will happen.
And be aware that they will craft their most ingenious smears to divide us on the inside. It's easy to smear a movement from the outside, but their real genius is to use smears to fragment us on the inside. Look to the anti-science smear on Jill Stein during the general election as a prime example — a hot topic for progressives but internally between us there happened to already be a very passionate divide over. A leaked email from a neoliberal think tank laid out it plans to sow discord and division among progressives over Stein's stance on a few issues. All the think-tank had to do was subtly intimate that she might be anti-science and concern-troll us into talking about it like it was a real thing; they didn't have to find proof, they just had to intimate that proof was out there and our cognitive bias took over and found proof where there was none. I'll say that again for those in the cheap seats — they didn't even have to find proof! They said this in the email; "You don't have to prove that Jill Stein is an anti-science conspiracy theorist. You just have to say, 'There are unanswered questions about whether Jill Stein is an anti-science conspiracy theorist.'”
They know that if you look hard enough for anything on the internet you will find it, especially if you think it's there already and you're looking with your bias-lens on. So like good little boys and girls, we went and did that for them and we brought these unfounded and insubstantial snippets to each other in our groups and collaborations and just by looking at them in isolation we blew them out of proportion, and we started arguing and fragmenting ourselves. Just by using our own cognitive bias against us. Isn't that genius-level evil?
That, my friends, is a perfect wedge, and they used it perfectly. They really are geniuses at this; I can't emphasize that enough. They've made a study of this for a lot longer than we've been aware that they've been using it. Your homework today is to read up on the email that started that particular smear to see how simple it is to start one of these. Our only immunity to these things is to know how they happen and to spot them before they take off, so let's get woke to these strategies.
The other major criticism of the Green Party, which I've spoken to in my last article but will repeat here, is that it's too poorly coordinated and under-funded to be a political heavy hitter. This too I attribute to the success of the corporatist propaganda machine in manipulating people's perceptions and dissuading them from working with the only functioning party that has the refusal to accept corporate funding built into its platform, but also, the fix is easy — they just need more people. If we can win the media war with these bastards (and we can), we can bring about a GreenEnter that, if it's sufficiently large and energized, will inevitably cause one of the two major parties to lose party viability and collapse. This influx of new Green Party members would mean a massive influx of resources and brain power; more funding, more voices in the media war, more creativity and innovation, more coordination and organization, and more quality candidates. I am here arguing that the only problem with the Green Party is that there aren't enough people on its side, and that's easily and immediately rectified by joining it in large numbers.
So there you go kids, a few things to chew over. We're still a ways off bringing everyone back on stage for the big number, and we all have our roles to play in our various insurgencies and coalitions, but it's on the horizon and we need to talk about these things before we come back together again, because it's these divide-and-conquer strategies that have killed our movement time and time again. We need to develop herd-immunity to wedges, and we do that by being waked to the strategies that the elite use to divide us and educating each other on what they look like in the wild and make a big noise when we spot one.
I live for the day that one of these concern-troll strategies pops up in a group and all it gets is a one-word comment — “Wedge” — and falls unseen below the fold. That will be our quiet victory party. When the weight of the elite is shrugged off our shoulders like a winter coat on a sunny day, we will have won. For good this time.
---
Thanks for reading! If you enjoyed this, please consider sharing it around, liking me on Facebook, following me on Twitter, or even tossing me some money on Patreon so I can keep this gig up.
In a bid to reinvigorate waning iPad sales, Apple on Wednesday launched "Everything changes with iPad," a new ad campaign that offers a comprehensive look at how the tablet fits into and enriches the life of its user.
Realized as a colorful mini-site on Apple.com, "Everything changes" serves as a portal to six categories —Cooking, Learning, Small Business, Traveling, Redecorating and a catchall "Why iPad" section —featuring third-party apps, and sometimes accessories, handpicked to help users complete a variety of tasks.Most sections read as primers to iPad capabilities and are largely designed to get new users started with their device, or entice those without to buy one. Instead of posting simple screenshots, Apple provides beautiful pictures showing users interacting with iPad, akin to the company's latest TV ads. For example, Learning shows children playing with apps like Metamorphabet and Tangram for Osmo , the latter being an accompanying app to a simple machine vision accessory.Each category spotlights about ten third-party apps across various genres. Interspersed throughout are examples of how Apple's own iOS apps, services and device accessories augment the ecosystem. Categories end with a link to a special Change Everything section in the App Store, which contains a list of apps advertised throughout the mini-site.
While a dominant player in the tablet market, iPad is seeing sales wane in the midst of growing phablet devices like the iPhone 6 and market saturation. For its second fiscal quarter of 2015, Apple sold only 12.6 million iPads, a year-over-year decrease of 23 percent that marked the fifth consecutive quarter of contraction.
DETROIT -- Matthew Stafford led a victory-lap parade around the perimeter of Ford Field, high-fiving fans that have been waiting since 1999 for the Detroit Lions to make the playoffs.
With the crowd chanting "Play-offs! Play-offs!" as the final few minutes ticked away, Detroit clinched a postseason spot thanks to Stafford's three touchdown passes in a 38-10 win over the San Diego Chargers on Saturday.
Stafford appeared to be touched by the face-to-face interaction with fans hanging over the railing to reach his raised right hand.
"You could just get a sense of how much it meant to them," Stafford said. "It was fun to give them that kind of joy."
The Lions (10-5) have won three straight after a seven-game slump to earn an NFC wild card, turning around the franchise after it was bad enough just three years ago to become the league's only 0-16 team.
It was coach Jim Schwartz's idea to reach out and touch the fans.
"There's going to be a time that we don't celebrate getting to the playoffs, but it's not going to be tonight," Schwartz said. "It's been a long time coming."
No one has been waiting longer than owner William Clay Ford.
Ford, whose first season leading the franchise was in 1964, was handed a keepsake in the jubilant locker room.
San Antonio FC re-signed midfielders Maxi Rodriguez and Connor Presley pending league and federation approval, the club announced today. Per club policy, terms of the contracts were not disclosed.
San Antonio native Maxi Rodriguez returns to the club after playing his professional rookie season in his hometown. Rodriguez made 16 USL appearances for the Silver and Black in 2017, tallying 669 minutes played and recording five starts. The center-midfielder also made two appearances in the Lamar Hunt U.S. Open Cup, playing 144 minutes in the tournament. Rodriguez tallied six shots, five shots on goal, and four chances created for the club in all competitions.
“It's great to have Maxi back,” said SAFC Head Coach Darren Powell. “He's a local San Antonio boy, and he showed great promise throughout last season. He's aiming to add more consistency to his game in 2018 and we expect big things out of him.”
Rodriguez previously attended UNC Charlotte and played four years of collegiate soccer with the 49ers, where he led UNCC to a Conference USA regular season title in 2016 while also being named third-team All-Conference. In his four years with the 49ers, Rodriguez helped take his team to NCAA Tournament three times. Overall, Rodriguez played 60 games with UNCC, making 53 starts, scoring two goals and recording four assists.
“This is an extremely special opportunity for me,” said Rodriguez. “I hold this city very close to my heart, so to continue being part of this growth and excitement is great. Last season was important for me to understand what it means to be a pro, and I'm looking forward to building on that experience with a fantastic club.”
Presley returns to SAFC after joining the club last August after a successful trial. The 19-year-old made his club debut on August 23 at Whitecaps FC 2, and went on to make six appearances for the Alamo City club during his rookie campaign, featuring in 129 minutes of USL play. The Austin native tallied one assist for the Silver and Black, creating three chances and recording two shots and one shot on target overall.
“Connor is an exciting young prospect from the local area,” said Powell. “He joined us late last season but he showed a great deal of potential in training and in the moments he got during matches. We feel he'll impact this team positively in 2018 once he gets a good preseason under his belt.”
Prior to joining SAFC, Presley played with the Lonestar SC Development Academy in Austin, where he helped his team qualify for the U.S. Soccer Development Academy playoffs.
“I'm very excited to return to this club,” said Presley. “I'm looking forward to having the opportunity to contribute more to the team this season and build on the progress made last season both individually and collectively.”
San Antonio FC recently wrapped up their 2017 USL Season, however, fans can already purchase 2018 season tickets by calling the SAFC sales office at 210-444-5MLS or by visiting SanAntonioFC.com. Supporters can also follow the club by liking San Antonio FC on Facebook, as well as following the team on Twitter (@SanAntonioFC), Instagram (@sanantoniofc) and Snapchat (SanAntonioFC).
Since application season is pretty much over and no one has to write essays anymore, I figured now is the perfect time to post my guide to writing flawless ivy-league essays. Ever wonder how those people that have a 1300 SAT and a 2.5 GPA get likely letters from Harvard? It's because they have double legacy and donated a new athletics center they used these essay tips! However, these essay tips alone won't alone save your entire application and guarantee you acceptances. I can however give you my advanced applicant guide with a money-back guarantee if you don't get into all 7 Ivy League schools (Harvard, Yale, Princeton, Columbia, Penn, Darthmouth, Brown). PM me your social security number and credit card information on reddit to get instant access to your bright future! But lets get roightttttttt into the tipssssss.
Tip 1: Write in a different language
Admission officers read hundreds of essays a day in English. It's boring, it gets old. Mix things up. If you can, make sure to use all the wrong tenses that way the AO has to constantly think about what you say. It keeps them more engaged. But DO NOT use a normie language. Mainstream Spanish and French are common, there are thousands of other applicants like you and your application mine-as-well get tossed in the deny pile. I personally reccomend Yiddish or Burmese, but Sindhi isn't a bad choice either if you are just trying to get into a state flagship.
Tip 2: Use “SAT Words”
Before writing your essays, I always advise my students to eat a Thesaurus before-hand. Then, make sure the words you use in your essay have at least 5 syllables each. It's also a little known fact in the industry that for every time you use the word “plethora”, you gain gain a 5% chance of admissions.
Tip 3: Send a copy of your essay to me for final revisions
I got a perfect score on my grammar section in the SAT and am a stranger on the internet, so you can trust me. Every single essay I edit gets into Harvard. For some reason they tend to get rescinded from Harvard too…
Tip 4: Have a sad life story
Great essay topics always come from sad stories. I remember reading someone's essay that got into Stanford about dropping their avocado toast on the floor. It was truly tragic, and essentially guilted the AOs into admitting her. It worked, and now she spends $10.00 every morning at the Starbucks in Palo Alto. A big essay topic that also works is seeing poor people for the first time. Use descriptive imagery to show how they didn't even have a rolex on their wrist or a supreme t-shirt. It sets up a direct comparison in AOs minds between you and the Buddha, and every college wants a literal god to go to their school (Because they are one of the only people that can afford the tuition).
Tip 5: If you don't have a sad story, make it up!
Again, anything avocado toast related works perfectly – especially if they are bought at a store and not airlifted in for you from Mexico the day they are picked. Here's also a chance to change some details about your application. Race, gender, income, your parents marital status – it's all subjective, so feel free to change it however you'd like. If a college threatens to decline you admission because of lying, just tell them your uncle works for School X and they can't deny you.
Tip 6: Everyone makes their extra curriculars a LITTLE better… So you can too!
If you're the second chair of your orchestra, bump that shit up to number 1, everyone does it! The first chair isn't applying to any of the schools you are anyways so you someone should take advantage of it. This goes with anything really. For example I got a participation medal from my science fair in 4th grade, but colleges think I won Intel and founded SpaceX and Tesla. I also play volleyball with friends afterschool sometimes. Now I'm getting recruited by Stanford for volleyball because I sent some tapes of an Olympic athlete to them. Hey, whatever gets the job done.
Tip 7: Eat a good breakfast before hand!
Because of the layout of the glucose fibers in the monopolyatomic atoms in the rare bearded komono dragon excrements, it brings the human body an extremely nutrient rich compound that helps the brain with creativity by increasing the efficiency of Sodium Carbonic Acid Pumps. I also love pineapple juice because it's delicious. But most, of all, use Hello Fresh (#spon)! It helps you cook yummy delicious meals with pre-portioned ingredients delivered fresh to your door for cheap! Now use coupon-code “LizardPoo” for 10% off your first month of food!
Well, have fun getting into whatever school you want now. If you follow all these steps then you're gonna have a helluva time partying it up at UC Berced.
President Obama said in an interview published Sunday he does not believe marijuana is more dangerous than alcohol and that it was “important” that the legalization of the drug in some states to “go forward” because it would prevent unfair penalties for some users.
ADVERTISEMENT
"As has been well documented, I smoked pot as a kid, and I view it as a bad habit and a vice, not very different from the cigarettes that I smoked as a young person up through a big chunk of my adult life. I don't think it is more dangerous than alcohol,” Obama said in an interview with The New Yorker.
Pressed on whether marijuana was less dangerous than alcohol, Obama noted that it's “not something I encourage, and I've told my daughters I think it's a bad idea, a waste of time, not very healthy.”
But, Obama said, he did see pot as less dangerous “in terms of its impact on the individual consumer.”
Obama said he was particularly concerned by disproportionate arrests of and sentences for minorities possessing the drug.
“Middle-class kids don't get locked up for smoking pot, and poor kids do,” he said. “And African-American kids and Latino kids are more likely to be poor and less likely to have the resources and the support to avoid unduly harsh penalties.”
The president said he believed it was unfair that the government was “locking up kids or individual users for long stretches of jail time when some of the folks who are writing those laws have probably done the same thing.”
That's why, Obama said, he was generally supportive of experiments in Washington and Colorado to legalize the drug.
“It's important for it to go forward because it's important for society not to have a situation in which a large portion of people have at one time or another broken the law and only a select few get punished.”
Last September, Attorney General Eric Holder said the Justice Department would work with the states to implement the law, even though federal law continues to prohibit possession or use of the drug.
A Department of Justice memo said that the federal government would still prosecute those who distribute the drug to minors, buy from criminal enterprises, move marijuana to states where it is illegal, or drive drugged.
Legal pot went on sale for the first time at the beginning of the month in Colorado, raking in millions of dollars in early sales.
“The first step to improving our nation's marijuana policy is admitting that marijuana is less harmful than alcohol,” said Mason Tvert, spokesman for the Marijuana Policy Project, a group working to replace legislation prohibiting marijuana. “Now that [Obama] has recognized that laws jailing adults for using marijuana are inappropriate, it is time to amend for those errors and adopt a more fact-based marijuana policy.”
“It is time to replace our antiquated marijuana prohibition laws with a more evidence-based approach,” Tvert added. “Our laws should be based on the facts, and it's a fact that marijuana is much safer than alcohol.”
--This post was updated at 4:23 p.m.
Jen and Chris Candy, the now-grown children of late comedian John Candy, do not try to avoid their father's legacy. It would be nearly impossible to do so: Both strongly resemble the lovable, Canadian-born star of SCTV and Uncle Buck, who passed away at the age of 43 in March 1994. Shortly before what would have been Candy's 66th birthday (he was born on Halloween 1950), his son and daughter have granted a wide-ranging interview to Ryan Parker of The Hollywood Reporter. Topics include Candy's proudest achievements in show business, his longtime collaboration with writer-director John Hughes, his struggles to control his weight, and the horrible day the comedian died in Durango, Mexico, while making the ill-fated Western comedy Wagons East!
The Candy kids were only 9 and 14 when the sad news reached them. It was a Friday, and their father was buried that Monday. Though it was a devastating time for the family, his son still remembers the funeral procession with awe:
I remember when we were ready to take him to [Holy Cross Cemetery], they blocked off [Interstate] 405 from Sunset [Boulevard] all the way to Slauson [Avenue]. LAPD stopped traffic and escorted us all. I still can't believe that. Whenever I feel like I lose the importance of him to people, I just remember that happened. They do that for the president.
Advertisement
Candy's children also reveal that one of the most important roles of the actor's career was also one of his most atypical: that of New Orleans attorney Dean Andrews in Oliver Stone's speculative historical drama JFK. “He worked so hard on that,” his daughter says. “He had a dialect coach, and he worked night and day on that script. He was so worried about it, getting that accent down.”
The Candy kids describe their father's personality as a mixture of his characters from Uncle Buck and Planes, Trains, And Automobiles. Of his SCTV characters, the one closest to his heart was Johnny LaRue, the ambitious, would-be John Cassavetes of Melonville. “Johnny LaRue was most him, to an extent,” his daughter says.
Chimpanzees may throw tantrums like toddlers, but their total brain size suggests they have more self-control than, say, a gerbil or fox squirrel, according to a new study of 36 species of mammals and birds ranging from orangutans to zebra finches.
Scientists at Duke University, UC Berkeley, Stanford, Yale and more than two-dozen other research institutions collaborated on this first large-scale investigation into the evolution of self-control, defined in the study as the ability to inhibit powerful but ultimately counter-productive behavior. They found that the species with the largest brain volume – not volume relative to body size – showed superior cognitive powers in a series of food-foraging experiments.
Moreover, animals with the most varied diets showed the most self-restraint, according to the study published today (April 21) in the journal of the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences.
“The study levels the playing field on the question of animal intelligence,” said UC Berkeley psychologist Lucia Jacobs, a co-author of this study and of its precursor, a 2012 paper in the journal, Animal Cognition.
This latest study was led by evolutionary anthropologists Evan MacLean, Brian Hare and Charles Nunn of Duke University. The findings challenge prevailing assumptions that “relative” brain size is a more accurate predictor of intelligence than “absolute” brain size. One possibility, they posited, is that “as brains get larger, the total number of neurons increases and brains tend to become more modularized, perhaps facilitating the evolution of new cognitive networks.”
While participating researchers all performed the same series of experiments, they did so on their own turf and on their own animal subjects. Data was provided on bonobos, chimpanzees, gorillas, olive baboons, stump-tailed macaques, golden snub-nosed monkeys, brown, red-bellied and aye-aye lemurs, coyotes, dogs, gray wolves, Asian elephants, domestic pigeons, orange-winged amazons, Eurasian jays, western scrub jay, zebra finches and swamp sparrows.
Food inside a tube used as bait
In one experiment, creatures large and small were tested to see if they would advance toward a clear cylinder visibly containing food – showing a lack of self-restraint – after they had been trained to access the food through a side opening in an opaque cylinder. Large-brained primates such as gorillas quickly navigated their way to the treat or “bait.” Smaller-brained animals did so with mixed results.
Jacobs and UC Berkeley doctoral student Mikel Delgado contributed the only rodent data in the study, putting some of the campus's fox squirrels and some Mongolian gerbils in their lab through food-foraging tasks.
Mixed results on campus squirrels' self-restraint
In the case of the fox squirrels, the red-hued, bushy-tailed critters watched as the food was placed in a side opening of an opaque cylinder. Once they demonstrated a familiarity with the location of the opening, the food was moved to a transparent cylinder and the real test began. If the squirrels lunged directly at the food inside the bottle, they had failed to inhibit their response. But if they used the side entrance, the move was deemed a success.
“About half of the squirrels and gerbils did well and inhibited the direct approach in more than seven out of 10 trials,” Delgado said. “The rest didn't do so well.”
In a second test, three cups (A, B and C) were placed in a row on their sides so the animals could see which one contained food. It was usually cupped A. The cups were then turned upside down so the “baited” cup could no longer be seen. If the squirrels touched the cup with the food three times in a row, they graduated to the next round. This time, the food was moved from cup A to cup C at the other end of the row.
“The question was, would they approach cup A, where they had originally learned the food was placed, or could they update this learned response to get the food from a new location?” Delgado said. “The squirrels and gerbils tended to go to the original place they had been trained to get food, showing a failure to inhibit what they originally learned.”
“It might be that a squirrel's success in life is affected the same way as in people,” Jacobs said. “By its ability to slow down and think a bit before it snatches at a reward.”
Notes about this neuroscience research
Contact: Michael Kennedy – UC Berkeley
Source: UC Berkeley press release
Image Source: The image is credited to UC Berkeley and is adapted from the press release
Video Source: The video “squirrel inhibition failure” is available at the CalSquirrels YouTube page.
Original Research: Abstract for “The evolution of self-control” by Evan L. MacLean, Brian Hare, Charles L. Nunn, Elsa Addessi, Federica Amici, Rindy C. Anderson, Filippo Aureli, Joseph M. Baker, Amanda E. Bania, Allison M. Barnard, Neeltje J. Boogert, Elizabeth M. Brannon, Emily E. Bray, Joel Bray, Lauren J. N. Brent, Judith M. Burkart, Josep Call, Jessica F. Cantlon, Lucy G. Cheke, Nicola S. Clayton, Mikel M. Delgado, Louis J. DiVincenti, Kazuo Fujita, Esther Herrmann, Chihiro Hiramatsu, Lucia F. Jacobs, Kerry E. Jordan, Jennifer R. Laude, Kristin L. Leimgruber, Emily J. E. Messer, Antonio C. de A. Moura, Ljerka Ostojić, Alejandra Picard, Michael L. Platt, Joshua M. Plotnik, Friederike Range, Simon M. Reader, Rachna B. Reddy, Aaron A. Sandel, Laurie R. Santos, Katrin Schumann, Amanda M. Seed, Kendra B. Sewall, Rachael C. Shaw, Katie E. Slocombe, Yanjie Su, Ayaka Takimoto, Jingzhi Tan, Ruoting Tao, Carel P. van Schaik, Zsófia Virányi, Elisabetta Visalberghi, Jordan C. Wade, Arii Watanabe, Jane Widness, Julie K. Young, Thomas R. Zentall, and Yini Zhao in PNAS. Published online April 21 2014 2014 doi:10.1073/pnas.1323533111
Share this Neuroscience News
Defiant Saints could seal their first summer transfer despite being without a manager as they press on with life after Ronald Koeman.
The Dutchman's protected move to Everton was finally confirmed yesterday, with Koeman officially signing a three-year contract at Goodison Park on a reported £7m a year.
Saints will receive around £5m in compensation for Koeman with his brother and assistant, Erwin, and fitness coach Jan Kluitenberg joining him in moving north.
However, that hasn't stopped Saints pressing ahead with plans to try and land Norwich winger Nathan Redmond in an £8m deal.
The 22-year-old wide man has long been admired by Saints, and was reportedly the subject of a rejected bid back in 2014 after Norwich were relegated from the Premier League.
The situation is the same again now with the Canaries having gone down last season, while Redmond has just a year remaining on his contract.
Though the likes of Stoke, Swansea and West Brom are also interested in the England under-21 international, who scored six Premier League goals last season, it is understood that Saints lead the race to sign Redmond, who is also keen on a switch to St Mary's.
The player is currently abroad on holiday but is set for talks when he returns.
The potential deal underlines that Saints are determined not to be put off their stride by Koeman's departure, and are ready to press on with plans which had already been made before his abrupt decision to quit the club.
Hunting for a new manager is an obvious priority for Saints at this time, but they do not want to miss out on coveted potential signings while they take their time over an appointment.
The Daily Echo understands that Saints are relaxed about the timing of replacing Koeman, and though they would obviously likely the situation settled as quickly as possible, the ultimate goal is to get the right man for the job before the players return for pre-season training.
That gives them plenty of breathing space, with the first stars due back at the start of July.
Saints and their executive director Les Reed have had to wait to enter any formal talks with potential candidates until such time as Koeman's move to Everton was finalised.
Confirming Koeman's move yesterday, Saints released a statement which said: “The search has already begun for the right appointment who can take the club to the next level and build on our track record of recent success, which culminated in a sixth-place finish in last season's Premier League, as well as qualification for the group stages of the Europa League.
“Our focus now is to build on our long-term plan, and work with a new management team who share both the club's and our supporters' values and ambitions.”
Koeman was quoted by Everton as saying: “I am very excited to be Everton manager. I believe in the club, in the team, in the fans and in our ability to achieve things in the future.
“Everton is a club with a great history and real ambition and it is a proud feeling for me to be part of what we want to go and do, together with the chairman and Farhad Moshiri.
“I am looking forward to meeting everyone at the club and to preparing for a big season in the Premier League.”
After a week like this — in which the country's National Security Advisor resigned because of ties to the Kremlin, someone nicknamed "the foreclosure king" was put in charge of the economy and the president did something so shameful to a black reporter it's actually too depressing to type it out — it's borderline quaint to argue about someone like Milo Yiannopoulos.
But it's well worth it for what's coming on Friday.
On Wednesday, Bill Maher announced that he had invited the right wing provocateur/sentient glowstick to appear on Real Time with Bill Maher. The move immediately incited social media outrage and prompted a prominent guest to cancel. Maher issued a frothy response, arguing that "nothing could serve the liberal cause better than having him exposed on Friday night.”
Predictably, the comedian's argument is grounded in the same misguided premise that guided coverage of Trump's campaign — that by giving a microphone to provocateurs, we expose them — instead of doing what it really does: provide legitimacy.
People are truly bored of fighting about Milo
For many in the queer community, fighting Milo has been a grating and exhausting long-term battle. The former Breitbart columnist who commandeered the troll troops to attack Leslie Jones and claimed that "Islam is the real rape culture" has still managed to find his way to the public eye — first, by appearing in a glowing Out Magazine puff piece, then by touring college campuses nationwide.
Now, it's by showing up on Bill Maher.
Every time he makes a public appearance that's not on his Facebook page, he triggers the same outrage cycle:
1. People on Twitter rise up in protest, threaten to boycott "XYZ" and destroy it forever.
2. Someone writes a viral hot take arguing that, "Blablabla, you may not agree with him . . . but free speech!"
3. The internet then goes after the hot-taker, who proceeds to compose a middling tweet along the lines of, "Why can't we just agree to disagree?"
4. Someone from the show issues a watered down statement that is literally impossible to decipher, 10 news organizations repost that exact same statement and call it a story.
5. Milo appears anyway. He builds his fan base. The cycle begins again.
Exposure doesn't always expose hate speech; it normalizes it
Maher, a sporadically liberal free speech advocate, seems to be blissfully ignorant about the past half-decade of cyclical internet outrage.
"If Mr. Yiannopoulos is indeed the monster Scahill claims — and he might be — nothing could serve the liberal cause better than having him exposed on Friday night," Maher wrote in his statement.
If you've spent any time following Milo drama in the past few years, Maher's approach feels like magical realism. How could he think he's "exposing" someone who's already been exposed and roasted time and time again?
That's because the comedian follows the same logic most media lived by during the primaries. There was little danger in showering Trump with copious amount of free press, the argument went, because of how blatantly unqualified Trump was for president. Audiences would pick up on him immediately. By simply broadcasting Trump's rallies on television, he would peacefully self-destruct.
As we've now learned, the opposite happened. Trump wasn't exposed when CNN played his rallies without critique — his reputation was sometimes even burnished. Sure, internet progressives tirelessly mocked Kellyanne Conway for making up a massacre. Still, 51% of Trump supporters now believe that the massacre justifies Trump's extensive Muslim ban.
Audiences who would have never been exposed to these characters now saw them in full light — and some liked what they saw.
By providing these people with a mainstream platform, hosts and journalists do little to expose Milo and Conway for their fringe ideologies. They normalize them and help make their extremist nationalist beliefs more palatable. It's much more acceptable to defend "black crime" or "killer dykes" when there's a handsome man on television defending it.
Oh please. Milo and Maher's rights to free speech are not in any kind jeopardy
Maher's motives don't appear to be strictly adversarial either. In the past, the host was slammed for saying that Islam is the "only religion that acts like the mafia." When guest Jeremy Scahill cancelled and accused Maher of Islamophobia this Wednesday, the comedian defended his reputation and invitation to Milo by arguing the following:
"Liberals will continue to lose elections as long as they follow the example of people like Mr. Scahill whose views veer into fantasy and away from bedrock liberal principles like equality of women, respect for minorities, separation of religion and state, and free speech."
Of course, both Maher and Milo have a constitutional right to free speech — but neither of their rights are endangered. Maher has his show. Milo has his book. Liberals aren't in danger of "losing elections" because they refuse to appear on some random late night comedy show. They're in danger because those beliefs, which once represented the extremist fringes of conservatism, have now become the Republican mainstream — thanks, partially, to all the free exposure.
Oh well. Milo will appear tonight. Hot takes will appear tomorrow. A few people will stop watching Maher, a few more will join up. Someone will post about it. Someone will then hate share that post. The cycle will go on and on until it all becomes so familiar we forget we still need to stop it.
Melbourne City FC can confirm it has signed four-time A-League Goalkeeper of the Year Eugene Galekovic ahead of the 2017/18 season on a two-year deal.
The 36-year-old returns to his home town of Melbourne after making 238 appearances during a successful 10-year stint in Adelaide, where he forged a reputation as one of the country's premier shot-stoppers.
He has been named in the Professional Footballers Association (PFA) Team of the Season on five occasions, and represented the Socceroos at the 2010 and 2014 FIFA World Cups.
Commenting on his arrival, Galekovic said: “I'm delighted to be joining Melbourne City. This is a great club; an ambitious club which gives its players every chance to succeed both on and off the field.
“To have the opportunity to return home and continue my career in Melbourne is very exciting and hopefully I can use my experience to push City to even greater heights.”
Melbourne City Director of Football, Michael Petrillo, added: “We are very excited to welcome Eugene to Melbourne City. He is one of the best goalkeepers in the country and has great experience and leadership qualities which will help strengthen our defence.”
“He knows what it takes to achieve success here in the A-League and I think he will be a very important addition to the squad.”
Galekovic sits third on the all-time A-League appearance list, behind Andrew Durante and Danny Vukovic and was also named in the PFA's A-League Team of the Decade.
The keeper will train on Monday as the side returns to CFA Melbourne to commence their pre-season schedule.
Eugene has joined the City Family, have you? Sign up as a member for the 2017/18 season because nothing beats being there!
The Phillies made it clear heading into this offseason that bolstering the pitching staff and their depth at the position was going to be a top priority.
They were also not expected to make any major, long-term deals via free agency.
With the MLB Winter Meetings being held next week in Nashville, Tenn., so far both have held true. The Phillies made a majority of their offseason acquisitions to date by claiming players off of waivers, with the team holding the top priority on the waiver wire. Three of their claims since Matt Klentak has taken over as general manager have been pitchers. And they have not signed any players to a significant free agent contract.
The newest member of the Phillies, while not a pitcher, came via a waiver claim. Peter Bourjos, Baseball America's No. 2 prospect for the Angels following the 2009 season, was claimed off waivers by the Phillies from the Cardinals Wednesday and the plan is for him to be in the outfield mix for the Phillies in 2016.
He had his best season in 2011 hitting .271 with 12 home runs and tied for the American League lead in triples with 11. He also hit .274 in an injury filled 2013 that saw him play just 55 games. His offense hasn't been stellar the past two seasons, but he's still known for his defense.
The 28-year-old has only played center field at the major league level, but he's joining an outfield that already figures to have Odubel Herrera and Aaron Altherr claiming spots.
"When we have at least three above-average defensive outfielders, all of them can play center field, I'm positive we can find the right alignment to make it work," Klentak said on a conference call Thursday.
Klentak noted that the positioning will all be decided in spring training, but moving to a corner outfield position is something Bourjos is open to.
"My understanding is Peter wants to play, Peter wants to be on the field," Klentak, who positively talked about Bourjos' character on multiple occasions knowing him from his time as assistant GM in Los Angeles, said. "He, too, views this as an opportunity and he wants to be out there any way that he can."
Cody Asche, Darnell Sweeney and Darin Ruf could all see time in the outfield as well.
But even though the Phillies have now added both pitchers and positions players the past few weeks, it doesn't mean they're satisfied with where they're at. They still have a plan and objectives to meet in Nashville.
"It has been an organizational goal of mine, and of ours, to augment our pitching," Klentak said. "That continues. So we will continue to look at any ways to improve our pitching and our run prevention next week. I don't have a short list of clubs or agents I want to meet with, but I'm certain we'll be very active, talking with a lot of people and pursuing whatever opportunities may present themselves."
Adding a starting pitcher is at the top of Klentak's list, if the situation is right. Likely someone with some experience that can eat innings. Don't think a top-tier pitcher like David Price, who recently signed a seven-year, $217 million contract with the Red Sox.
"We've had dialogue with both agents about free agents and teams about trades and it's evolving," Klentak said.
Talks have slowed recently with teams and agents focused on the non-tender deadline, which was Wednesday at 11:59 p.m. Klentak believes that will change heading into next week and explained "nothing is imminent at this moment."
Just like their waiver priority position, the Phillies will be at the top of the picking order for Thursday's Rule 5 Draft, which closes out the winter meetings. With only 38 of the 40 spots currently filled on their 40-man roster, that's another way the Phillies could add players, as they did last season with Herrera.
"We're still going through the names on the Rule 5 list and there are some intriguing names," Klentak said. "I expect us to be active on Thursday."
smgross@mcall.com
Twitter @SteveGrossMCall
610-820-6187
Actor Russell Crowe remained the cool-headed one in hotel incident with Azealia Banks, by all reports.
Actor Russell Crowe's civil evening of dinner and music with 10 guests in a Beverly Hills hotel was reportedly up-ended by boisterous rapper Azealia Banks, who threatened the host and a female guest.
The 25-year-old hip-hop star was not formally invited but went as a guest of rapper RZA.
The musician hit headlines when she allegedly posted on her Facebook page that she had been assaulted by the New Zealand-born actor and attacked with racial slurs including being called a "n.....".
GETTY IMAGES Azealia Banks has accused Russell Crowe of assaulting her.
However, sources have told TMZ.com that the situation actually unfolded very differently, and that it was Crowe who was the victim of the attack.
According to the website, Banks was taken to Crowe's room at a hotel in Beverly Hills by RZA, of Wu-Tang Clan fame, who had been invited to dinner by the Gladiator star.
While things began well, they are said to have taken a turn for the worse when Banks reportedly criticised the music Crowe put on, laughing at the tunes and calling the actor and one of his guests "boring white men".
The outlet cites "multiple witnesses" as saying that when a female guest stepped forward to come to Crowe's defence and encourage Banks to cease her antagonistic remarks, the 212 singer launched into another attack on the actor and the unidentified woman.
Sources told TMZ.com that Banks said: "You would love it if I broke my glass, stabbed you guys in the throat, and blood would squirt everywhere like some real Tarantino s... ."
She was said to have peppered her speech with "n.....", before apparently reaching for her glass.
At this point, Crowe was said to have taken the situation into his own hands, grabbing the musician in a "bear hug" and "carrying her out of the suite".
He then reportedly called the in-house hotel security guards to remove Banks from the premises.
An investigation followed, TMZ reported, during which at least four of the guests and witnesses at the dinner gave statements describing Banks's behaviour as "erratic".
Banks posted a different breakdown of events when she told her friends on Facebook that Crowe had choked her, thrown her out, spit on her and called her a "n.....".
However, TMZ alleged that even RZA, who recently signed Banks to his record label, was aware that it was she who used the racial slur - not Crowe.
A spokesperson for Crowe declined to comment on the situation when contacted by Billboard.com, while Banks' original post on Facebook has now been deleted.
Pop the popcorn and throw on your best "I Heart Harry Styles" T-shirt, because it's time for the 2014 Teen Choice Awards! Airing live on Sunday, Aug. 10, on FOX, the show featured performances from today's top bands. See the winners, per The Hollywood Reporter's complete list:
PHOTOS: Best bromances
Choice Movie Villain
Michael Fassbender, "X-Men: Days of Future Past"
Jamie Foxx, "The Amazing Spider-Man 2"
Kelsey Grammer, "Transformers: Age of Extinction"
Kate Winslet, "Divergent"
Donald Sutherland, "The Hunger Games: Catching Fire"
Choice Movie Scene Stealer
Sam Claflin, "The Hunger Games: Catching Fire"
Nicholas Hoult, "X-Men: Days of Future Past"
Anthony Mackie, "Captain America: The Winter Soldier"
Ellen Page, "X-Men: Days of Future Past"
Nat Wolff, "The Fault in Our Stars"
Choice Movie Breakout Star
Ansel Elgort, "Divergent" and "The Fault in Our Stars"
Theo James, "Divergent"
Elizabeth Olsen, "Godzilla"
Nicola Peltz, "Transformers: Age of Extinction"
Wyatt Russell, "22 Jump Street"
Choice Movie Chemistry
Cameron Diaz, Leslie Mann and Kate Upton, "The Other Woman"
Ansel Elgort, Nat Wolff and Shailene Woodley, "The Fault in Our Stars"
Chris Evans and Anthony Mackie, "Captain America: The Winter Soldier"
Ice Cube and Kevin Hart, "Ride Along"
Jonah Hill and Channing Tatum, "22 Jump Street"
PHOTOS: Taylor Swift's best surprised faces
Choice Movie Liplock
Scarlett Johansson and Chris Evans, "Captain America: The Winter Soldier"
Jennifer Lawrence and Josh Hutcherson, "The Hunger Games: Catching Fire"
Emma Roberts, Jennifer Aniston and Will Poulter, "We're The Millers"
Emma Stone and Andrew Garfield, "The Amazing Spider-Man 2"
Shailene Woodley and Ansel Elgort, "The Fault in Our Stars"
Choice Movie Hissy Fit
Godzilla, "Godzilla"
Kevin Hart, "Ride Along"
Jonah Hill, "22 Jump Street"
Ice Cube, "22 Jump Street"
Jason Sudeikis, "We're The Millers"
Choice Summer Movie
"22 Jump Street"
"Dawn of the Planet of the Apes"
"Earth to Echo"
"Hercules"
"Think Like a Man Too"
"Transformers: Age of Extinction"
Choice TV Villain
Robbie Kay, "Once Upon A Time"
Jane Lynch, "Glee"
Dylan O'Brien, "Teen Wolf"
Janel Parrish, "Pretty Little Liars"
Paul Wesley, "The Vampire Diaries"
Choice TV Reality Personality – Male
Nick Cannon, "America's Got Talent"
Rob Dyrdek, "Ridiculousness"
Adam Levine, "The Voice"
Nev Schulman and Max Joseph, "Catfish: The TV Show"
Ryan Seacrest, "American Idol XIII"
PHOTOS: Kardashian family album
Choice TV Female Breakout Star
Nicole Beharie, "Sleepy Hollow"
Dove Cameron, "Liv & Maddie"
Adelaide Kane, "Reign"
Sasha Pieterse, "Pretty Little Liars"
Emily Bett Rickards, "Arrow"
Choice TV: Male Breakout Star
Richard Brancatisano, "Chasing Life"
Brett Dalton, "Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D."
Tom Mison, "Sleepy Hollow"
Miguel Pinzon, "Mystery Girls"
Toby Regbo, "Reign"
Choice TV: Breakout Show
"Being Mary Jane"
"Chasing Life"
"Faking It"
"Reign"
"Sleepy Hollow"
PHOTOS: PLL — before they were stars
Choice Single Female Artist
"Dark Horse," Katy Perry featuring Juicy J
"Fancy," Iggy Azalea featuring Charli XCX
"Let It Go," Idina Menzel
"Problem," Ariana Grande featuring Iggy Azalea
"Team," Lorde
Choice Single Male Artist
"Happy," Pharrell Williams
"Mmm Yeah," Austin Mahone featuring Pitbull
"Sing," Ed Sheeran
"Stay With Me," Sam Smith
"Talk Dirty," Jason Derulo featuring 2 Chainz
PHOTOS: Beyonce and Jay-Z's romance
Choice Summer Song
"Fancy," Iggy Azalea featuring Charli XCX
"Really Don't Care," Demi Lovato featuring Cher Lloyd
"Rude," Magic!
"Summer," Calvin Harris
"Wiggle," Jason Derulo featuring Snoop Dogg
Choice Movie: Action
"Divergent"
"Edge of Tomorrow"
"Godzilla"
"Maleficent"
"The Mortal Instruments: City of Bones
Choice Movie Actress: Action
Emily Blunt, "Edge of Tomorrow"
Lily Collins, "The Mortal Instruments: City of Bones"
Elle Fanning, "Maleficent"
Angelina Jolie, "Maleficent"
Shailene Woodley, "Divergent"
Choice Movie: Sci-Fi/Fantasy
"Captain America: The Winter Soldier"
"X-Men: Days of Future Past"
"The Amazing Spider-Man 2"
"The Hunger Games: Catching Fire"
"Thor: The Dark World"
Choice Movie Actor: Sci-Fi/Fantasy
Chris Evans, "Captain America: The Winter Soldier"
Andrew Garfield, "The Amazing Spider-Man 2"
Chris Hemsworth, "Thor: The Dark World"
Liam Hemsworth, "The Hunger Games: Catching Fire"
Josh Hutcherson, "The Hunger Games: Catching Fire"
Choice Movie Actress: Sci-Fi/Fantasy
Halle Berry, "X-Men: Days of Future Past"
Scarlett Johansson, "Captain America: The Winter Soldier"
Jennifer Lawrence, "The Hunger Games: Catching Fire" and "X-Men: Days of Future Past"
Natalie Portman, "Thor: The Dark World"
Emma Stone, "The Amazing Spider-Man 2"
Choice Movie: Drama
"American Hustle"
"Heaven is for Real"
"A Million Dollar Arm"
"The Fault in Our Stars"
"Veronica Mars"
Choice Movie Actor: Drama
Bradley Cooper, "American Hustle"
Russell Crowe, "Noah"
Jason Dohring, "Veronica Mars"
Ansel Elgort, "The Fault in Our Stars"
Jon Hamm, "A Million Dollar Arm"
Choice Movie Actress: Drama
Emma Watson, "Noah"
Jennifer Lawrence, "American Hustle"
Kristen Bell, "Veronica Mars"
Sandra Bullock, "Gravity"
Shailene Woodley, "The Fault in Our Stars"
Choice Movie: Comedy
"Anchorman 2: The Legend Continues"
"Blended"
"Ride Along"
"The Other Woman"
"Vampire Academy"
Choice Movie Actor: Comedy
Will Ferrell, "Anchorman 2: The Legend Continues"
Kevin Hart, "Ride Along"
Johnny Knoxville, "Jackass Presents: Bad Grandpa"
Ice Cube, "Ride Along"
Adam Sandler, "Blended"
Choice Movie Actress: Comedy
Christina Applegate, "Anchorman 2: The Legend Continues"
Drew Barrymore, "Blended"
Zoey Deutch, "Vampire Academy"
Cameron Diaz, "The Other Woman"
Emma Roberts, "We're The Millers"
Choice TV Show: Drama
"Hart of Dixie"
"Pretty Little Liars"
"Switched at Birth"
"The Fosters"
"Twisted"
Choice TV Actor: Drama
Avan Jogia, "Twisted"
Ian Harding, "Pretty Little Liars"
Jake T. Austin, "The Fosters"
Keegan Allen, "Pretty Little Liars"
Lucas Grabeel, "Switched at Birth"
Choice TV Actress: Drama
Troian Bellisario, "Pretty Little Liars"
Rachel Bilson, "Hart of Dixie"
Lucy Hale, "Pretty Little Liars"
Maddie Hasson, "Twisted"
Maia Mitchell, "The Fosters"
Choice TV Show: Fantasy/Sci-Fi
"Arrow"
"Once Upon a Time"
"Sleepy Hollow"
"Teen Wolf"
"The Vampire Diaries"
Choice TV Actor: Sci-Fi/Fantasy
Ian Somerhalder, "The Vampire Diaries"
Joseph Morgan, "The Originals"
Josh Dallas, "Once Upon a Time"
Paul Wesley, "The Vampire Diaries"
Tyler Posey, "Teen Wolf"
Choice TV Actress: Sci-Fi/Fantasy
Claire Holt, "The Originals"
Ginnifer Goodwin, "Once Upon a Time"
Kat Graham, "The Vampire Diaries"
Kristin Kreuk, "Beauty and The Beast"
Nina Dobrev, "The Vampire Diaries"
Choice TV Show: Comedy
"Austin & Ally"
"Glee"
"New Girl"
"Sam & Cat"
"The Big Bang Theory"
Choice TV Actor: Comedy
Andy Samberg, "Brooklyn Nine-Nine"
Ashton Kutcher, "Two and a Half Men"
Chord Overstreet, "Glee"
Jim Parsons, "The Big Bang Theory"
Ross Lynch, "Austin & Ally"
Choice TV Actress: Comedy
Debby Ryan, "Jessie"
Kaley Cuoco, "The Big Bang Theory"
Laura Marano, "Austin & Ally"
Lea Michele, "Glee"
Mindy Kaling, "The Mindy Project"
Choice TV: Reality Competition Show
"American Idol XIII"
"Masterchef Junior"
"Survivor"
"The Amazing Race"
"The Voice"
Choice TV: Reality Show
"Cosmos: A Spacetime Odyssey"
"Dance Moms"
"Keeping Up With The Kardashians"
"Real Husbands of Hollywood"
"Total Divas"
Choice Male Artist
Jason Derulo
Pharrell Williams
Pitbull
Austin Mahone
Ed Sheeran
Justin Timberlake
Choice Female Artist
Beyoncé
Miley Cyrus
Ariana Grande
Lorde
Katy Perry
Taylor Swift
Choice Music Group
5 Seconds of Summer
Fifth Harmony
One Direction
R5
Rixton
Choice R&B/Hip-Hop Artist
Iggy Azalea
Eminem
John Legend
Nicki Minaj
Justin Timberlake
Choice Rock Group
Coldplay
Imagine Dragons
One Republic
Paramore
The Black Keys
Choice Male Country Artist
Luke Bryan
Hunter Hayes
Jake Owen
Blake Shelton
Keith Urban
Choice Female Country Artist
Jana Kramer
Kacey Musgraves
Miranda Lambert
Taylor Swift
Carrie Underwood
Choice Country Group
Florida Georgia Line
Lady Antebellum
Parmalee
The Band Perry
Zac Brown Band
Sign up now for the US Weekly newsletter to get breaking celebrity news, hot pics and more delivered straight to your inbox!
Want stories like these delivered straight to your phone? Download the US Weekly iPhone app now!
Copy and paste this link into an e-mail or instant message: http://marketplace.xbox.com/en-US/Product/Saints-Row-The-Third/66acd000-77fe-1000-9115-d8025451086d?cid=SLink Click to create and send a link using your email application
(Online Interactions Not Rated by the ESRB) The Games on Demand version supports English, French, Italian, German, Spanish, Dutch, Polish, Russian. Years after taking Stilwater for their own, the Third Street Saints have evolved from street gang to household brand name, with Saints sneakers, Saints energy drinks and Johnny Gat bobble head dolls all available at a store near you. The Saints are kings of Stilwater, but their celebrity status has not gone unnoticed. The Syndicate, a legendary criminal fraternity with pawns in play all over the globe, has turned its eye on the Saints and demands tribute. Refusing to kneel to the Syndicate, you take the fight to a new city, playing out the most outlandish gameplay scenarios ever seen. Strap it on. The Saints are kings of Stilwater, but their celebrity status has not gone unnoticed. The Syndicate, a legendary criminal fraternity with pawns in play all over the globe, has turned its eye on the Saints and demands tribute. Refusing to kneel to the Syndicate, you take the fight to Steelport, a once-proud metropolis reduced to a struggling city of sin under Syndicate control. Take a tank skydiving, call in a satellite-targeted airstrike on a Mexican wrestling gang, and defend yourself against a highly-trained military force using only a sex toy in the most out- landish gameplay scenarios ever seen, igniting a city-wide war that will set Steelport on fire. Strap it on.
The Texas Senate is apparently afraid that erratic, hormonal demon-women will wave their bloody tampons about during today's floor meeting to take a final vote on anti-abortion bills HB2 and SB1, which would make it next to impossible for most Texas women to get safe abortions. Concealed handgun carriers, on the other hand, get VIP entry.
According to the Burnt Orange Report:
Women are being forced to throw out tampons and maxi pads to enter the Senate gallery, which has been confirmed by DPS. That's right: menstruating women are being denied entry to the Senate gallery unless they throw out their supplies. Additionally, diabetics are asked to throw out their sugar packets. However, people with concealed handgun licenses are allowed to bypass long lines to enter the Capitol itself through the expedited CHL entrance, and per a DPS officer, if a person has a CHL, they can take their gun into the gallery.
Seems reasonable! Let's all hold a mass bleed-in.
[Video via Jessica Luther]
The Cleveland Browns are one loss from joining the 2008 Detroit Lions as the only teams in NFL history to go 0-16.
Both teams earned their records, and both had moments that defined those seasons. For the Lions, it was Dan Orlovsky scrambling to make a throw and running out of the back of the end zone. For the Browns, it was either Carl Nassib lining up offside and negating a defensive touchdown by Myles Garrett or Sammie Coates jumping up after a rare catch and emphatically gesturing first down when he was clearly a yard short.
What would happen if these two teams played each other? Who would win? And who would earn the honor of being the worst of the NFL's only 0-16 teams?
ESPN NFL Nation reporters Mike Rothstein in Detroit and Pat McManamon in Cleveland take a look.
In a game against the Ravens on Dec. 17, Sammie Coates signals for a first down that the Browns did not get. Jason Miller/Getty Images
What was the strength of each team?
Rothstein: The Lions did have a couple of strengths, starting with a potential Pro Football Hall of Famer in Calvin Johnson, who had 78 catches for 1,331 yards and 12 touchdowns in 2008. It was his second year in the league, the first of his seven 1,000-yard seasons and the first of his four double-digit touchdown seasons. He tied for the NFL lead in touchdown catches and was fifth in yards. It was actually the only time in Johnson's career he led the league in touchdowns. Detroit had some other nice pieces, including then-rookie defensive end Cliff Avril, who the Lions took in the third round of that year's NFL draft. Ernie Sims was a decent linebacker. Kicker Jason Hanson, who endured a lot of losing in his 327 career games with the Lions, had a fantastic season -- making 21 of 22 field goals, including all eight attempts from 50 yards or more; it was the second-best season, in terms of percentage of kicks made, of his career. The offensive line had some decent players in Dominic Raiola and Jeff Backus, but Backus was the only Lions lineman to start every game that season. Otherwise, the team had some major, major holes that took years to fill. Overall, it was not a very strong roster.
McManamon: The only Hall of Famer on this roster is left tackle Joe Thomas, but he would miss the season's final nine games after rupturing his triceps tendon. The other few strengths on the team are smothered by the weaknesses. That being said, the Browns' defense did feel good putting first overall pick Myles Garrett on defense with end Emmanuel Ogbah and linebacker Jamie Collins. That trio had five minutes together against the Lions on Nov. 12. It was only five minutes, but it caused all kinds of problems; then Collins hurt his knee at Detroit and was lost for the rest of the season. Ogbah and Garrett carried on and were a tough end tandem, until Ogbah hurt his foot the following week against the Jacksonville Jaguars and was lost for the remainder of the season. Linebackers Chris Kirksey and Joe Schobert have more than 100 tackles each and stay on the field, but their impact plays have been scarce. There is no single position group that screams out for notice.
What was the weakness of each team?
Rothstein: There were a lot of weaknesses on the 2008 Lions, from a beat-up offensive line to a quarterback carousel that saw five guys take snaps in a game -- way worse than this year's Browns. Some of that had to do with a season-ending injury to quarterback Jon Kitna; and some players I've spoken with think that if Kitna hadn't gotten hurt, the Lions would not have been a winless team that year. But Detroit still couldn't stop anyone, allowing more than 32 points a game and scoring just about half that. So any issues with that Detroit team started on defense, where there were too few playmakers in the secondary, especially considering the Lions intercepted four passes all season. That's just poor.
Dan Orlovsky probably is best known for running out of bounds and taking a safety during the Lions' 0-16 season. Tom Dahlin/Getty Images
McManamon: Like the miserable Lions, the Browns have a lack of impact talent throughout the roster. The plan devised by executive vice president Sashi Brown was to go young, emphasize the draft and live with the lumps until the team would really start to build something in the 2018 draft. He followed the plan masterfully. Former Browns quarterback Josh McCown compared this teardown to taking apart a house past the studs and all the way to the ground. He should have compared it to digging to China. The team is lacking in the secondary and at receiver. Combine that with a shaky quarterback situation and it's not a good combination, especially in a passing era. Teams need playmakers. The Browns lack them.
How would the Lions or Browns approach winning a game against each other?
Rothstein: Considering Cleveland's strength -- and working on the assumption the Browns have Jamie Collins and the Lions have Jon Kitna for this mythical game -- would be its run defense, the Lions would need to throw the ball. Two of the five 100-yard games Calvin Johnson had in 2008 came with Kitna at quarterback, so Johnson could have a pretty productive day. The Lions also could have in this game wideout Roy Williams, who was traded to the Dallas Cowboys in October 2008. Between Williams and Johnson, Detroit would have two strong receiving options. Defensively, the Lions would struggle. But much like teams have done during the 2017 season, the Lions would likely make DeShone Kizer beat them by loading up to stop running backs Duke Johnson and Isaiah Crowell; the Lions' front seven in 2008 was decent enough that the strategy would be reasonable. But could the 2008 Lions, with a rough secondary, have success doing that? That's the ultimate question.
2018 NFL DRAFT Round 1: Thursday, 8 p.m., ESPN/ESPN App
Rounds 2-3: Friday, 7 p.m., ESPN/ESPN App
Rounds 4-7: Sat., noon, ESPN/ABC/ESPN App
Where: Arlington, Texas
NFL draft coverage » | Full order: 1-256 » • Kiper's final Mock Draft: 1-32 »
• McShay's final Mock Draft: 1-32 »
• Kiper and McShay's draft reset »
• Draft predictions for all 32 teams »
• Draft Herbies: Kirk's best of the best »
• McShay's draft buzz: What I'm hearing »
• McShay's top five needs for every team »
McManamon: Well, isn't this special? Detroit's game plan as you described presents a challenge for the Browns, who were built to win by running the ball and playing defense. The Browns have a decent defensive front but a weakness at cornerback. That means Calvin Johnson could exploit a secondary whose corners are not that talented. To beat Detroit, the Browns would have to commit to the run and maintain the commitment -- and hope that Myles Garrett and Emmanuel Ogbah would be able to keep enough pressure on Jon Kitna to prevent him from getting into a rhythm.
How much difference would the head coach make?
Rothstein: Coaching would not help here. Rod Marinelli has proved to be a very good defensive coordinator -- and not a good head coach. By the end of the 2008 season, Marinelli said, "I believe in the invisible," when explaining that he had faith in his team. That faith, though, did not lead to any wins. He hunted for positives continuously during the 2008 campaign, but they just didn't come. Defensive coordinator Joe Barry went on to have some success with the Washington Redskins in the same role, but it wasn't working for him in Detroit. Jim Colletto, the team's offensive coordinator, was a good line coach whose offense didn't work in 2008 -- the final season he coached in professional football. The conservative playcalling, perhaps in part because of the defense's issues, was a major problem. All in all, the staff would have likely been a hindrance against the Browns.
McManamon: Based on his experience with the Cincinnati Bengals, it would seem like head coach Hue Jackson could help, but not much has gone right for him with the 2017 Browns. Against the Green Bay Packers, he called a run on a key third-and-short and Crowell tripped. Jackson called a slant later in the same game on third-and-1 to get the ball to his best player and Josh Gordon couldn't get off the line. Against Detroit, he told his signal-caller he had the option to run a quarterback sneak near the goal line if he was sure he could score, and the quarterback ran a sneak into an impossible front. Jackson didn't always help himself with his playcalls and use of timeouts, but his players also rarely backed up his decisions. In Cincinnati, with better players, Jackson was a respected offensive coordinator. In Cleveland with a lesser roster, he doesn't look as smart.
Which key player or players on either team would matter most?
Rothstein: The key here is Calvin Johnson. It's still young Calvin Johnson versus you-need-three-corners-to-deal-with-him Calvin Johnson, but he was a clear asset for whoever was at quarterback for Detroit. He managed a dozen touchdowns in 2008, despite five different players throwing him the ball and his second offensive coordinator in as many seasons. Later in his career, Johnson would end up setting the all-time single-season receiving mark with 1,964 yards. As good as Myles Garrett might become, Johnson would be the best player on the field when these two teams play; it would likely not be a close comparison, either.
Calvin Johnson had the first of his seven 1,000-yard seasons in 2008 and would be the best player on the field in a matchup of those Lions versus the 2017 Browns. Chris Graythen/Getty Images
McManamon: This is a tiny problem. The Browns don't have a key player who forces the other team to adjust. The roster lacks impact players throughout. DeShone Kizer is barely above a 50 percent completion rate. Josh Gordon, the star receiver back from suspension, has had a negligible influence. The running backs, while good, are not carry-the-team kinds of guys. Defensively, Myles Garrett and a healthy Emmanuel Ogbah and Jamie Collins would help. However, the Browns simply do not have a player on offense who demands immediate attention from the other team.
OK, time to take a stand. Which 0-16 team wins this game, Detroit or Cleveland?
Rothstein: The Lions have Calvin Johnson, who is the one player on the field who has shown in the past he can completely wreck a game. Not sure Cleveland, as deep as its safeties might play, would be able to handle that. If the safeties played too deep, Johnson could slant all day on this defense. Provided Jon Kitna was healthy and available, the Kitna-to-Johnson combination would be really hard for Cleveland to handle; although the Browns could make the Lions one-dimensional, because the front seven would likely be able to handle Detroit running back Kevin Smith. Detroit's offensive line would have some problems too, particularly with rookie Gosder Cherilus at right tackle. The biggest concern for the Browns would be their inability to score, averaging fewer points per game than the 2008 Lions did. It would be a close game. There would be a lot of turnovers. But Johnson would be the oh-so-small difference, catching a touchdown late to beat Cleveland 24-20, causing yet another memorable Johnson moment and a That's So Browns moment, simultaneously.
McManamon: Mike nailed it: The Browns simply could not compete with Calvin Johnson. And Jon Kitna would be far better than what DeShone Kizer could produce. With so much attention on the quarterback, the Browns' struggles on defense have gone largely ignored. The Browns have given up a league-high 44 touchdowns, 27 via the pass (sixth highest in the league). Cleveland has forced only 11 turnovers. The 382 points the Browns have given up ranks second highest in the league. This is simply not a defense built to hold down a capable quarterback (which Kitna was) and a standout receiver such as Johnson. The Lions win this game, making the Browns the worst of the NFL's only 0-16 teams.
Amir Khan has been subjected to a torrent of online abuse after he posted on social media that he had put up a Christmas tree.
The British boxer, who is a practising Muslim, even received a death threat from one angry troll as others questioned why he was celebrating the traditionally Christian holiday.
View photos Amir is a practising Muslim. Copyright: [Rex] More
Posting a video of the twinkling tree lights on Instagram, Amir revealed that he'd put the tree up to surprise his three-year-old daughter, Lamaisah.
He captioned the post with: “While everyone's asleep, daddy put the Christmas tree up.
“Lamaisah's going to be happy #Christmas #MerryChristmas2017.”
However, he was immediately hit with backlash.
One wrote: “I promise to God I want to kill you and your family, Amir.”
View photos Amir's tree sparked outrage. Copyright: [Instagram] More
Others added: “As a fellow Muslim, I'm appalled seeing this. A Christmas tree represents CELTIC PAGAN tradition. Are you a Pagan?! Putting up a Christmas tree means you accept pagan culture and it's not about ‘JUST FUN'. It's SHIRK [a sin]!”
“How could he betray religion like that?”
“This guy supposes to be a role model for the younger Muslims. His head needs a wobble.”
However, others quickly rushed to Amir's defence – pointing out that celebrating Christmas has become more of a cultural event rather than a religious one, they wrote:
“Christmas trees are a British cultural festival thing not a Christian religious thing. He can celebrate British culture.”
View photos The star put the tree up to surprise his daughter. Copyright: [Twitter] More
“Muslims don't understand that Christmas trees are not religious, and they are not. They are part of British Culture.
“We celebrate Christmas in my country without trees. People can't be punished for not doing anything wrong.”
And: “Seriously can't believe some of the comments on here! I know plenty of practising Muslims that put Christmas trees up!”
View photos Amir's faith was respected by I'm A Celeb producer. Copyright: [ITV] More
New Jersey Democratic congressman Rush Holt recommended “leniency” for National Security Agency “whistleblower” Edward Snowden if he returns to the United States, calling the punishment he faces “unreasonable.”
On Thursday, Holt spoke with MSNBC's Richard Lui about a New York Times piece pushing amnesty for Snowden, the former NSA contractor wanted by the Justice Department for leaking massive amounts of information about the agency's domestic surveillance programs. Holt, a longtime advocate for increased privacy protections, largely agreed with the paper's contention that Snowden deserves “some form of clemency.” (RELATED: ACLU on possible Edward Snowden return: ‘Amnesty is not a dirty word')
“Should Edward Snowden face the music for breaking the law?” Holt asked. “I think yes, but I think with leniency. We would not be having this very important national debate now had it not been for Snowden. I've been trying for years to get this national debate going and it's been very hard.”
The congressman declined to elaborate on what leniency what look like, but noted that the proposed punishment does not fit the crime. “He now faces two ten-year terms and maybe, with additional charges, life in prison,” Holt said. “That is unreasonable.”
He noted that although Snowden was “certainly a whistleblower,” by law “he wasn't allowed to be a whistleblower . . . there was no such thing as a whistleblower in the intelligence community.” A bill introduced by Holt this summer, “The Surveillance State Repeal Act,” would grant intelligence officials the same whistleblower protections provided to other government employees.
“That's what whistleblowing is — it's exposing waste, fraud [and] abuse,” Holt explained. “And this would certainly be called abuse.”
Follow Brendan on Twitter
Content created by The Daily Caller News Foundation is available without charge to any eligible news publisher that can provide a large audience. For licensing opportunities of our original content, please contact licensing@ dailycallernewsfoundation.org.
Content created by The Daily Caller News Foundation is available without charge to any eligible news publisher that can provide a large audience. For licensing opportunities of our original content, please contact licensing@dailycallernewsfoundation.org.
This article is about the extinct language. For languages presently spoken in Belgium, see Languages of Belgium
Ancient Belgian (controversial) Native to The Low Countries Region Nordwestblock Ethnicity Belgae Extinct Antiquity Language family Indo-European (unclassified) Ancient Belgian
Language codes ISO 639-3 – Glottolog None
Ancient Belgian is a hypothetical extinct Indo-European language, spoken in Belgica (northern Gaul) in late prehistory. It is often identified with the hypothetical Nordwestblock.[1] While it remains a matter of controversy, the linguist Maurits Gysseling, who attributed the term to SJ De Laet, hypothesised a Belgian that was distinct from the later Celtic and Germanic languages.[2] According to the theory, which was further elaborated by Hans Kuhn and others, traces of Belgian can be found in certain toponyms such as South-East-Flemish Bevere, Eine, Mater and Melden.
Overview [ edit ]
The borders of the Belgian Sprachraum are made up by the Canche and the Authie in the south-west, the Weser and the Aller in the east, and the Ardennes and the German Mittelgebirge in the south-east. It has been hypothetically associated with the Nordwestblock, more specifically with the Hilversum culture.
The use of the name Belgian for the language is to some extent supported by Julius Caesar's De Bello Gallico. He mentions that the Belgae and the Galli spoke different languages. It is furthermore supported by toponyms in present-day Belgium, which, according to Kuhn, point at the existence of an Indo-European language, distinct from Celtic and Germanic languages.[3]
Proponents of the Belgian language hypothesis also suggest that it was influenced by Germanic languages during a first, early Germanicisation in the 3rd century BC, as distinct from the Frankish colonization in the 5th to the 8th centuries AD. For example, the Germanic sound shifts (p → f, t → th, k → h, ǒ → ă) have affected toponyms that supposedly have a Belgian-language origin.
Characteristics of Belgian are said to include the retention of p after the sound shifts, a trait that it shared with the Lusitanian language. Names of bodies of water ending in -ara, as in the name for the Dender; -ănā or -ǒnā, as in Matrǒnā (Marne Tiver and also the current Mater) and settlement names ending in -iǒm are supposedly typically Belgian as well.
According to Gysseling, traces of Belgian are still visible. The diminutive suffix -ika, the feminizing suffixes -agjōn and -astrjō and the collective suffix -itja have been incorporated in Dutch, sometimes very productively. In toponymy, apa, poel, broek, gaver, drecht, laar and ham are retained as Belgian loanwords.
See also [ edit ]
References [ edit ]
^ [1] ^ Rolf Hachmann, Georg Kossack and Hans Kuhn. Völker zwischen Germanen und Kelten, 1986, p. 183-212. ^ Rolf Hachmann, Georg Kossack and Hans Kuhn. Völker zwischen Germanen und Kelten, 1986, p183-212.
Sources [ edit ]
There's only one episode left in the first season of American Gods, and it's not even a third of the way through the book yet. That's partly because it's taking its time with the book's more important scenes, but it's also deviated from the source significantly. Over the last few episodes, the show has found its own identity. It's added multiple characters and plot elements, changed the order of some events, and expanded upon others that were only brief one-sentence asides in the book. The basic plot is the same, and all the major beats appear to be there. The series is just becoming its own thing.
Last night, after the intense, plot heavy episodes we've had for the last two weeks, American Gods gave us a lighter, more character-driven episode all about Mad Sweeney. It's a little strange that the show would diverge from its main plot one episode before its finale, but what is this series if not strange? We began with Mr. Ibis (Jacquel's partner) writing another Coming to America story. This time, it's about an Irish woman who becomes an indentured servant and brings the Fairy Folk (like leprechauns) to America. Mad Sweeney may not be a god, but he was brought to the new world just like one.
The story of Essie MacGowan is one of the reasons Neil Gaiman wrote the book in the first place. After his daughter's teacher refused to believe that early immigrants to America were anything but pilgrims seeking religious freedom, Gaiman said he realized how few Americans know their own history. The American colonies were just as much a dumping ground for prisoners and undesirables as any other British colony. That's part of why this episode spent so much time on Essie (also played by Emily Browning). We see that Essie was a little girl who loved listening to stories about the fairy folk. As she grew older, she kept the stories alive, telling them to the children around the house where she worked as a servant. She also kept all the old superstitions, like leaving a portion of bread and milk out for the leprechauns.
A full half of the episode follows Essie's journey from indentured servant, to actual thief back in London, to another forced emigration, to wife and mother, and finally to widowed grandmother. She brings the stories with her to the new world, and soon finds that her grandchildren don't have the same love for the stories that she did. When she dies, she's greeted by Mad Sweeney, who explains that she brought him to a land that has no place for him. That's the other reason we spent so much time on Essie's story. To explain why there's a perpetually down-on-his-luck leprechaun in the United States. I loved the choice to have Browning play both Laura and Essie. It was a cool way to draw parallels between the two characters. Both were women of great ambition, wanting more than the world was willing to give them. And both have found themselves traveling with a surly leprechaun.
The rest of the episode centered on Laura and Sweeney's road trip. We didn't even see one second of Shadow and Wednesday, which is an interesting choice. Especially given that the last time we saw them, Shadow was horrified over Wednesday cutting off a dude's head. I guess we'll deal with that next week. For now, Laura learns where Salim's djinn will be when Sweeney lets it slip. Being a much nicer person in death, she sends Salim on his way, freeing him of his detour to Kentucky. As happy as it made Salim, I'm sad to see him go. His relationship with Laura was the best part of last week's episode. They shared an appreciation for life and all its gifts, even if their ideas about God couldn't be more different. Now, it appears the show wants to grow the relationship between Laura and Mad Sweeney. She certainly seems to be growing on him.
The most interesting bit came at the very end. After the pair stole an ice cream van, Sweeney appeared to cause a white rabbit to run out in front of it. The van flipped over, and Laura's stitches ripped open, allowing the coin to spill out. He picks it up and is about to leave Laura dead on the ground. Then, he imagines himself speaking to one of Odin's ravens. “It's done,” he says. So, it would appear that Wednesday asked Mad Sweeney to get rid of Laura? We already know he doesn't want her around Shadow. Is he worried she'll tempt him away from his employment, or is there some deeper plan he's afraid she'll ruin? Again, knowing what happens in the book, I have my suspicions. But that's the fun of this series. You never know what kind of alternate take or plot deviation it'll take. Still, in the interest of not potentially spoiling a plot point that could be whole seasons away, let's just say that Wednesday isn't entirely honest with Shadow. That should have become clear already.
In the end, Sweeney seemingly decides he doesn't enjoy being Wednesday's puppet. Realizing it's either that or willingly give up his coin, he swears in Celtic for a while before dropping the coin back inside Laura. She wakes up, flips the truck back on its wheels and the two continue, following Shadow's light. Despite Sweeney feeling like he owes Wednesday a battle, he couldn't just leave Laura to die (again). This could be the start of an unlikely friendship that makes things real difficult for Wednesday. I'd guess that's still a long ways off. We only have one more episode left in the season, and we're not even close to the House on the Rock. I hope we get to see that before the season ends, but it's impossible to know at this point. The title of next week's episode, “Come to Jesus” suggests a further deviation and reordering of the book. Even as we approach the season finale, I have only the faintest idea of what to expect, and that's a good thing. No other adaptation has been able to pull that off.
Bart Stupak and Ben Nelson have chosen to open a can of worms as each, in the Senate and the House, have pushed to include a ban on private abortion insurance coverage in health care reform efforts. In opposition, some are saying (President Obama included) we should maintain the "status qou" in regards to health coverage of abortion care - a prohibiton on the use of federal funds for abortion services.
But here's the thing. This "status quo" was never something the majority of health advocates and reproductive rights supporters were comfortable with to begin with (to put it mildly). The "status quo" is the result of the Hyde Amendment, passed by Congress in 1976 which resulted in low income women - those women without health insurance or the means to pay for an abortion out-of-pocket - being denied access to legal, safe abortion.
Way back when Barack Obama was running for the Presidency (remember that?) his staff actually told RH Reality Check, in our candidate questionnaire, that he opposed the Hyde Amendment:
"He believes that the federal government should not use its dollars to intrude on a poor woman's decision whether to carry to term or to terminate her pregnancy and selectively withhold benefits because she seeks to exercise her right of reproductive choice in a manner the government disfavors."
Time may forget but the internet never does.
Before the Hyde Amendment went into effect, Medicaid paid for one-third of all abortions. After Hyde? Women on Medicaid, women in the miltary, disabled women using disability insurance and women receiving care through the Indian Health Services were effectively shut out of abortion services - legal abortion became a privilege rather than a right for these women.
While this current fight over the trampling of women's rights within health care reform legislation has been long and difficult, it has afforded us a perfect opportunity to invest more energy in our fight to overturn the Hyde Amendment. We don't want to ensure the status quo in regards to public and private coverage of abortion care. We want to ensure equity, parity and justice.
In fact, Frances Kissling says that the answer to the Stupak Amendment IS to overturn the Hyde Amendment. Kissling writes (of the passage of the Stupak Amendment),
If nothing else happens as a result of this defeat, complete and total dedication to overturning Hyde must be the centerpiece, indeed the single objective of our movement.
And now the Center for Reproductive Rights (CRR) is leading the charge with a new video featuring Illdoctrine.com's Jay Smooth and some of your favorite bloggers (including RH Reality Check's rockin' writers Sarah Seltzer, Amanda Marcotte and Heather Corinna) on why Congress shouldn't be able to single out abortion in this health care discussion and why the Hyde Amendment should be overturned.
Smooth asks, "Why does this one crowd get to pick and choose on this one thing?!" In other words, says CRR, some in Congress have decided abortion shouldn't be funded by the federal government but guess what? I don't want our federal funds going to crisis pregnancy centers or abstinence only until marriage programs as HIV and pregnancy prevention "tools" or an inflated military.
Watch, enjoy and spread the word:
Bitcoin News for the week of 10/27/14
From bitcoinween, to hacker dreams – this week in bitcoin had some ups and downs as most weeks in bitcoin do. We said farewell to Bitcoin Foundation executive director, Jon Matonis, and welcomed in new faces and names to the bitcoin ecosystem, who are helping to invest and build new and exciting products. Let's get into the news!
Bitcoin pumpkins, carved for #bitcoinween
Blockchain CEO is giving a bitcoin charity donation for #Bitcoinween
To help celebrate Halloween, Blockchain CEO Nicolas Cary is going to make a generous personal donation of $500 BTC to a nonprofit for the best bitcoin or Blockchain inspired pumpkin carving. Pictured above are just some of the submissions on Twitter.
UBS CIO: Blockchain Technology Can Massively Simplify Banking
According to Oliver Bussmann, CIO of Swiss bank UBS, the biggest disrupting force is the blockchain – the underlying technology behind Bitcoin, the electronic-only currency which is created on computers and isn't controlled by any government or centralized authority.
Hacker Dreams Up Crypto Passport Using the Tech Behind Bitcoin
If bitcoin's true believers ever found their tax-free libertarian utopia, Christopher Ellis could be in charge of the passport office. Ellis has built software that lets anyone create what he calls a “World Citizenship” passport. Using PGP encryption software and the bitcoin blockchain—a cryptographically secured public ledger that runs on machines across the internet—the project creates a mathematically iron-clad identification paper that would be extremely difficult, perhaps impossible, to fake.
Now you can buy bitcoin along with your snacks and sodas in 3,000 Taiwanese convenience stores
Taiwanese bitcoin exchange Bitoex has partnered with Family Mart, the East Asian convenience store chain, to enable bitcoin purchases through the stores' digital kiosks. In all of Family Mart's 2,986 outlets in Taiwan, customers can punch in “BTC” on the machines and then pay for bitcoin at the counter.
LedgerX Gets Google, Lightspeed Backing to Set Up Regulated Bitcoin Options Exchange
Startup LedgerX LLC has raised funding from Google Ventures and Lightspeed Venture Partners and brought on big financial industry names to its board of directors to add a dose of legitimacy to the virtual currency space as it attempts to set up what would be the first bitcoin options exchange.
*Bitcoin Foundation illustration by Cointelegraph.com *
A New Era for the Bitcoin Foundation: Matonis Passes the Torch to Patrick Murck
The Bitcoin Foundation announced that Jon Matonis would be stepping down as Executive Director. The position would be filled by Patrick Murck who had formally worked as the Foundation's General Counsel. The Foundation stated that a new General Counsel would soon be announced.
MIT Bitcoin Project is Live – Undergraduates Receive $100 in Bitcoin
The MIT Bitcoin Project, aimed at stimulation knowledge and use of the cryptocurrency in the MIT student community, is live. All the MIT undergraduates who complete the initial survey before Sunday, November 2nd at 11:59pm will receive $100 in Bitcoin.
Andreas auction of ten trillion dollars… for charity!
Between the efforts of Jason King and Andreas Antonopoulos, Coins in the Kingdom might secure its place as the most charitable Bitcoin conference of the year. At the end of the first day of the conference, Andreas Antonopoulos was approached by Chris DeRose for a signature on a unique piece of numismatic history: a Ten Trillion Dollar Zimbabwe Reserve Note.
Blockchain API Profile: Lamassu
We caught up with Zach, one of the co-founders of Lamassu, a widely-known and well-respected Bitcoin ATM brand. If you've ever purchased bitcoin, chances are you've used a Lamassu machine. Did you know these ATMs make it possible for you to buy bitcoin in under fifteen seconds?
Former S.E.C. Chairman to Advise Two Prominent Bitcoin Companies
In what virtual currency supporters say is a sign that the Bitcoin industry is maturing, several well-known financial and legal experts have joined Bitcoin companies. The latest, and arguably most prominent, is Arthur Levitt Jr., the longest-serving chairman of the Securities and Exchange Commission, who will serve as an adviser to BitPay, the Bitcoin payment processor, and Vaurum, an exchange for institutional investors.
FinCEN Rules Bitcoin Payment Processors, Exchanges are Money Transmitters
The Financial Crimes Enforcement Network (FinCEN) has released new guidance for custodial bitcoin exchanges and payment processors, ruling that such companies may be considered money services businesses under US law.
Quick Bit: Understanding Bitcoin Transaction Fees
This Quick Bit is intended to help you learn about bitcoin transaction fees. Bitcoin transaction fees are one of the many benefits for consumers and merchants to utilize bitcoin, and is an attractive aspect of the digital currency.
‘Bitcoin Billionaire' from Noodlecake is the Hottest Way to Mine Fake Bitcoins Since ‘Hodappy Bird'
Noodlecake Games and FizzPow Games are ready to pull some oneupmanship with their upcoming game Bitcoin Billionaire. The more bitcoins you mine in the game, the more upgrades you can buy, allowing you to mine while the game is closed, and to mine faster – coming soon!
By the way, did you know that six years ago Satoshi Nakamoto published the Bitcoin Whitepaper?
Although many celebrate the date the first bitcoin genesis block occurred, which was on January 3, 2009 – it was actually six years ago that Satoshi published the Bitcoin Whitepaper, on October 31, 2008. Here's to six years, and many more!
Windows Server 2016 is adding support for Docker containers. Technology Preview 5 was recently released and provides basic support for Docker. This multi-part blog series will show how to configure, build, and run Docker containers on Windows. The first part shows how to install Windows Server 2016 using VirtualBox. A couple of tweaks are required in order to make sure Docker containers can be started later on, so read on!
Download Windows Server 2016
Download Windows Server 2016 Technology Preview 5 from microsoft.com/en-us/evalcenter/evaluate-windows-server-technical-preview. Download the ISO and install it using VirtualBox.
Windows Server 2016 Virtual Box Configuration
Switch to Expert Mode as some of the default configuration settings need to be updated.
Here are the screenshots of configuration.
Change memory to ~8GB.
Change disk space to 40GB. Default of 20 GB will not work for installing containers later.
Create a new virtual drive from the downloaded ISO:
Windows Server 2016 Configuration
Select the defaults:
Click on “Install Now” to start the installation:
Enter the product key as specified in “Preinstall Information” section at microsoft.com/en-us/evalcenter/evaluate-windows-server-technical-preview
Select the Desktop version, otherwise just a command shell is started:
Accept the license:
Choose “Custom” installation. “Upgrade” was getting stuck in an infinite loop:
Take defaults:
Click on “Next” to start installation:
Create an administrator account: Click on Finish to come to the welcome screen:
Windows Server 2016 Login/Welcome
Use VirtualBox Input -> Keyboard menu to send Ctrl+Alt+Del to Windows to get the login screen:
Enter your password to see the opening screen:
As of this writing, it is in Technology Preview 5 and so the functionality and experience will evolve. Stay tuned for subsequent blogs to actually configure, build and run Docker containers.
The other day, I had the opportunity to introduce some of you to Mychal Givens. Based on the response, it was actually a chance to introduce most of you to Mychal Givens, who the Orioles love as a potential major contributor to the bullpen. Givens pitched well, but because he pitched later in the season for a go-nowhere ballclub, he didn't draw himself a lot of attention, which is why many found the Givens post so surprising. We all feel like we have a pretty good understanding of the game, and of the players involved. It's unusual to be caught off guard.
That wasn't a one-off, though. Not that this was intended to be a series, but the Mariners happen to have their own comp. If you love what Givens did in a pretty small sample, you'll love what the other guy did in an even smaller sample. Like Givens, the mystery pitcher took a big step forward in the minors. Like Givens, he came to the majors and struck a bunch of people out. Like Givens, in the majors, he issued precious few walks. Like Givens, we have a righty with a fastball and a breaking ball; unlike Givens, the mystery pitcher can dial it up even more. Based on track record, the Mariners would currently appear to have a mediocre bullpen. But they might be expecting some major assistance from Tony Zych.
Don't worry if you haven't heard about him. That's the whole point. Most people haven't heard about him, and by the time he arrived in the majors last season, the Mariners were irrelevant. There was little reason to pay attention to them, and there was even less reason to pay attention to their middle relief. So Zych pitched, quietly, and ever so quietly, against 76 batters, he struck 24 of them out, walking just three. The 25-year-old righty put himself on the radar, and the results did make some sense — Zych was formerly a fourth-round pick by the Cubs, and he always had a heater. He just didn't have location, which is why he was picked up by the Mariners for nothing in April. The Cubs gave up an unpolished live arm. Then Zych and the Mariners did the polishing.
The Givens backstory is that he's a busted prospect shortstop. He converted to the mound in 2013, and last year he broke out. Zych was drafted as a pitcher. He was always supposed to pitch, but last year something just clicked. In interviews, Zych hasn't been too specific — he's referred to just ironing some things out in his mechanics, going back to how he used to throw, and I'll take his word for it, given the dearth of pre-2015 Tony Zych video. I don't know what he did to his throwing motion; I just know what happened to his statistics. Consider the following plot. I've combined minor- and major-league data to add to the 2015 sample size.
Zych was all right in 2012, though he had some more struggles upon being promoted from High-A. He spent the next two years in Double-A, and his strikeouts plummeted while his walks didn't plummet with them. Zych at that point didn't look like much of a prospect, hence the Cubs letting him go. With the Mariners in Double-A, Zych racked up 18 strikeouts without a single walk. He moved to Triple-A for the first time, and he maintained an excellent ratio. Then he forced his way to the majors, and the numbers held up. In all last year, Zych pitched in 53 games. He faced the most advanced competition of his life. For every two walks, there were 13 strikeouts. There were also just a combined three home runs.
Zych had one of the biggest year-to-year K-BB% improvements in professional baseball, and of the few pitchers above him, some were starter-reliever conversions, and some were in the very low minors. Zych, in a sense, just did what Givens did, in the minors, and then in the majors. Sure, the major-league opponents were working without histories or advanced scouting reports. But the numbers were phenomenal, and Zych can throw 96-97. He's not up there relying on trickery. If you're a major leaguer, and you're facing a new righty reliever, you should probably expect a fastball and a slider. Zych complied. He got his numbers anyway.
He really took off against right-handed hitters. Between 2013 and 2014, in the minors, Zych walked 27 righties, with 47 strikeouts. Last year, between the minors and the majors, he walked five righties, with 58 strikeouts. All that is is hot death. He was worse against lefties, sure. Almost all of them are. He still held his own, so he needn't be just a specialist.
If you want to know what he looks like, here's Zych's first-ever big-league plate appearance. He starts with a fastball at 95, then he goes to opposite edges with a breaking ball in the lower 80s.
That's all there for illustration. You can't learn much of anything from one at-bat, but it's just nice to see Zych at work, instead of just thinking about words and numbers. This way you see what Zych looks like when he succeeds. His fastball is fast, and it wouldn't be considered flat. His breaking ball has a big speed differential, which Marcus Semien wasn't expecting. Like a lot of righty relievers, Zych throws tons of breaking balls in two-strike counts, but then they wouldn't do that if it weren't effective.
Running some pitch comps, the strongest comps for Zych's fastball last year are Mark Lowe and Yordano Ventura. Lowe is fitting, because he had an excellent bounceback year out of the bullpen after little was expected. The breaking ball is differently interesting. Pulling from the Baseball Prospectus PITCHf/x leaderboards, Zych's averaged 83.6 miles per hour, with 6.7 inches of horizontal movement, and 2.7 inches of vertical movement. Of other breaking balls in baseball that averaged the same horizontal movement, they had an average velocity of 78.9, with -4.3 inches of vertical movement. Meanwhile, of other breaking balls in baseball that averaged the same vertical movement, they had an average velocity of 85.6, with 2.3 inches of horizontal movement. To put it more simply: Zych's breaking ball has curveball horizontal break, slider vertical break, and in-between velocity. It's not a run-of-the-mill righty-reliever slider, so it's more unfamiliar, and it might make Zych a little better against lefties than you'd expect.
This past season, Tony Zych kept throwing his fastball hard. That part, he always had in his back pocket. But due to some kind of mechanical simplification, Zych started throwing strike after strike, even as he faced progressively more challenging competition. So he got ahead in counts, and he leaned on his somewhat unusual breaking ball. For the first time he combined major-league stuff with major-league location, so he resembled a major-league pitcher. If that's how he looked in 2015, it stands to reason that's how he ought to look in 2016.
There's always the risk he could get worse, as opponents grow wise to his act. There are going to be scouting reports, so there's going to be better preparation. But Zych isn't throwing funky pitches at 88 miles per hour. His velocity is way up there, and he has a real second weapon, so he seems perfectly cut out for important relief. Maybe this made it a little easier for the Mariners to trade Carson Smith. At first, it doesn't feel like the bullpen is going to be all that reliable. But there's clear upside in Evan Scribner, and there's clear upside in Tony Zych. The best relievers are ones you already know. It's harder to know all of the next-best. There are just so many baseball players.
Sinn Fein's Martina Anderson tells Theresa May to 'stick Brexit border where the sun doesn't shine' BelfastTelegraph.co.uk Sinn Fein MEP Martina Anderson has rejected any kind of border in Ireland after Brexit, telling Theresa May she can 'stick it where the sun doesn't shine'. https://www.belfasttelegraph.co.uk/news/northern-ireland/sinn-feins-martina-anderson-tells-theresa-may-to-stick-brexit-border-where-the-sun-doesnt-shine-35530756.html https://www.belfasttelegraph.co.uk/incoming/article34829317.ece/e6f59/AUTOCROP/h342/POLITICS%20E_669.jpg
Email
Sinn Fein MEP Martina Anderson has rejected any kind of border in Ireland after Brexit, telling Theresa May she can 'stick it where the sun doesn't shine'.
Addressing the European parliament on Monday Ms Anderson said: "Theresa, your notion of a border, hard and soft, stick it where the sun doesn't shine 'cos you're not putting it in Ireland."
The DUP's Sammy Wilson criticised Ms Anderson for her comments. Responding on BBC Talkback, Mr Wilson said: "Martina Anderson was ranting like a fishwife. That was far more offensive than anything Arlene Foster said."
Mr Wilson was referring to the DUP leader comparing Sinn Fein to a crocodile before the recent election.
Ms Anderson was unavailable to respond to Mr Wilson's comments.
On Monday, Sinn Fein's leader in Northern Ireland, Michelle O'Neill, said there was an urgent need for a referendum on Irish unity as the British government had "refused to listen" to the majority of people in the region over Brexit.
Parliament has passed the Brexit Bill, paving the way for the government to trigger Article 50 so the UK can leave the European Union.
Ulster Unionist MP Danny Kinahan said he was concerned that there is no powersharing government at Stormont to negotiate a good Brexit deal.
"As the government embarks on formal negotiations with the European Union it is a sad indictment of the last Northern Ireland Executive that there is currently no Executive in place to feed into the UK negotiating position.
"The final Brexit deal will have significant lasting consequences for our universities, farming and agri-food, the community and voluntary sector, and the business community, amongst others.
"It is crucial that Northern Ireland interests are represented, which I fear is not happening at the moment."
Belfast Telegraph Digital
SNK Playmore's fighting game releases on PC have mostly focused on the King of Fighters series, with both old and new titles finding their way to the digital platform. But if a new database entry is correct, they're also planning to bring Garou: Mark of the Wolves to Steam.
This listing doesn't really come as a huge surprise thanks to prior hints from the developer, and with Garou staff member Yasuyuki Oda now acting as King of Fighters XIV's battle designer, it only makes sense to refresh our memories.
As the last official release for this title was on mobile devices, this release would be great news for fans of old-school SNK fighters and would allow newcomers to experience it for the first time. We'll keep you updated as more information becomes available.
Source: SteamDB, thanks to Zakeru for the tip.
You are working your evening shift at the pediatrics emergency department, and you walk into a darkened patient room with a distressed mother and her otherwise healthy 10-year old son who is curled in a ball, holding his head and crying. Her mother tells you that the around-the-clock ibuprofen has barely touched his 2-day headache.
After determining that your patient has no neurologic deficits and that this is most likely a primary headache, what can you do to break his symptoms?
The numbers
Headaches account for 1% of all pediatric emergency department visits. Of those presenting with headache, 40% of children are diagnosed with a primary headache, and 75% of these are migraines. Most research and medications have focused on children < 7 years ago as the average age of onset of migraines is 7 years old among boys and 11 years old among girls.1 The diagnosis of pediatric migraine can be challenging, especially in younger children (<7 yo) who may not be able to describe their symptoms.
Should you stick the kid?
Children may have been vomiting and have decreased oral intake. If you are feeling bad about placing an IV in your patient, just know that about half of patients with migraines will need IV therapy.2
Should you reach for that opioid?
According to the American Academy of Neurology, they recommend that opiate medications be avoided for the treatment of migraines in children. A study by DeVries found that among adolescents who received opioids, 28% had an emergency department revisit for their headache compared to only 14% who did not receive any opioids (P < 0.01).3 Dr. Amy Gelfand, a UCSF pediatric neurologist who specializes in pediatric headaches, says that by giving opioids, there is an associated decreased responsiveness to triptans in the future (See her Expert Peer Review comments below).
What should you try then?
By the time your patient present to the ED for migraines, they have been symptomatic for probably 24-72 hours already, and have taken some type of abortive medication, most often acetaminophen or ibuprofen.2,4 The addition of caffeine to ibuprofen may increase ibuprofen's analgesic properties.4
Which dopamine-receptor antagonists to use?
Your choices of the phenothiazines for ages ≥7 years old include:
Prochlorperazine (1st choice)
Chlorpromazine
Metoclopramide
Pros: Alleviates both pain and nausea/vomiting
Cons: Drowsiness, hypotension, and extrapyramidal reactions (EPS).
In a recent study in Pediatrics 2015, Bachur et al. performed a large retrospective study, using data collected on children aged 7-18 years from 35 pediatric EDs.5 They examined any revisits within 3 days of initial encounter as their primary outcome. Common medications included:
Non-opioid analgesics (66%) Dopamine receptor antagonists (50%) Ddiphenhydramine (33%)
Of those discharged at the initial encounter, 5.5% of children had a return visit within 3 days.
They found that children treated with prochlorperazine had a 31% decreased odds of returning to the emergency department, compared to those treated with metoclopramide. Kanis et al. found that proclorperazine was more effective than chlopromazine, with less admission, need for rescue medications, shorter disposition times, and hypotensive events.6
Prophylactic diphenhydramine may be administered to patients receiving prochlorperazine to pre-treat akathisia and dystonic reactions. Diphenhydramine may cause additional sedation and drowsiness when co-administered with prochlorperazine. EPS may occur after ED discharge even in patients receiving prophylactic diphenhydramine, so parents should be cautioned about restlessness (akathesia) and dystonia.8
Brousseau et al. showed better efficacy with a 50% reduction of pain at 1 hour in children who received prochlorperazine IV (84.8%) versus ketorolac IV (55.2%) though 30% of both groups had recurrences of some headache 48 hours after treatment.7 Per Dr. Gelfand, prochlorperazine should be considered first-line over ketorolac.
Other regimens
Triptans may be administered via oral and subcutaneous routes, or via intranasal spray. In the ED, triptans may be useful in kids with migraines who do not take triptans as abortive therapy. In general, patients should not receive more than two doses of triptans in a 24-hour period. They work effectively at the earlier stages of the migraine when the symptoms are more mild compared to when there are more moderate or severe. Zolmitriptan nasal spray has recently been approved for children 12 years old and older, while sumitriptan nasal spray is available for children 5 years and older. When compared to placebo, triptans have a 2-hour efficacy for 42-86% of patients. Combination medications of triptans and naproxen have also been shown to have good efficacy.1,4 You can prescribe patients home with triptans, as long as there are no contraindications such as cardiac issues. Keep in mind the cost impact of these medications. Many triptans are still non-generic and patients without insurance may not have access to them. There are four triptans that are FDA-approved for acute migraine treatment in the <18 age groups (See below for the dosing table).
IV dihydroergotamine (DHE) is primarily used in the inpatient setting, but could be initiated in the ED for refractory cases, given that it typically takes several doses over several hours to administer. DHE can worsen nausea and lead to emesis, therefore should be used in conjunction with an antiemetic or prochlorperazine (which also has anti-emetic properties). Avoid DHE and triptans together, especially for those patients with cardiovascular disease.1,4
If the history is consistent with migraine, the algorithm by Sheridan et al may be useful in your pocket for patients ≥7 years old:1
Bottom Line
Give hydration either by oral or by parenteral route. Dim the lights and turn down any loud sounds or alarms. Break the habit… Avoid opioids! Give prochlorperazine instead of metoclopramide or chlopromazine. Try a triptan. Refer to a neurologist. If your patient has migraines that are bad enough to have them land in the ED, they should be evaluated by a specialist, ideally one that has experience with managing pediatric migraines.
Dosages
Medications Dosage Simple analgesics Acetaminophen 15 mg/kg PO or PR (max 1 g/dose or 4 g/day) Ibuprofen 10 mg/kg PO (max dose 800 mg/dose or 2400 mg/day) Ketorolac 0.5 mg/kg IV (max dose 15 mg/dose) Dopamine antagonists Prochlorperazine 0.15 mg/kg IV (max dose 10 mg/dose) Metoclopramide 0.1 mg/kg IV ( max dose 10 mg/dose) 5HT receptor agonists Sumatriptan 5-20 mg IN 50-100 mg PO 3-6 subQ Almotriptan 6.25 or 12.5 mg PO for ages 12-17 years Rizatriptan MLT 5 mg (<40 kg) or 10 mg (≥40 kg) for >6 years old Zolmitriptan 2.5-5 mg IN for ages 12-17 years Treximet: Sumatriptan/Naproxen combination For ages 12-17 years: 10 mg/60 mg PO 85 mg/500 mg PO (max dose) Dihydroergotamine 0.5-1 mg SubQ, IM or IV Other anti-emetics Diphenhydramine 1 mg/kg (max dose 50 mg/dose) Promethazine 0.25-1 mg/kg IV (max dose 25 mg/dose) Table adapted from Sheridan, Bulloch and Dr. Gelfand's comments below
1. Headache. 2014;54(2):235-245. PubMed] Sheridan D, Spiro D, Meckler G. Pediatric migraine: abortive management in the emergency department.. 2014;54(2):235-245. 2. Pediatr Emerg Care. 2000;16(3):196-201; quiz 203. PubMed] Bulloch B, Tenenbein M. Emergency department management of pediatric migraine.. 2000;16(3):196-201; quiz 203. 3. J Adolesc Health. 2014;55(1):128-133. PubMed] DeVries A, Koch T, Wall E, Getchius T, Chi W, Rosenberg A. Opioid use among adolescent patients treated for headache.. 2014;55(1):128-133. 4. Pediatr Neurol. 2012;47(4):233-241. PubMed] Gelfand A, Goadsby P. Treatment of pediatric migraine in the emergency room.. 2012;47(4):233-241. 5. Pediatrics. 2015;135(2):232-238. PubMed] Bachur R, Monuteaux M, Neuman M. A comparison of acute treatment regimens for migraine in the emergency department.. 2015;135(2):232-238. 6. Headache. 2014;54(2):335-342. PubMed] Kanis J, Timm N. Chlorpromazine for the treatment of migraine in a pediatric emergency department.. 2014;54(2):335-342. 7. Ann Emerg Med. 2004;43(2):256-262. PubMed] Brousseau D, Duffy S, Anderson A, Linakis J. Treatment of pediatric migraine headaches: a randomized, double-blind trial of prochlorperazine versus ketorolac.. 2004;43(2):256-262. 8. Coralic, PharmD Z. I am giving prochlorperazine. Should I give diphenhydramine too? ALiEM. https://www.aliem.com/2014/give-prochlorperazine-diphenhydramine/ . Published September 3, 2014. Accessed October 29, 2016.
Share This Facebook
Twitter
Pocket
Print
Instagram
Shadow chancellor to warn that Theresa May's apparent U-turn over Heathrow expansion shows she cannot be trusted to keep Brexit promises
Theresa May must not attempt to get special treatment for financial services at the expense of manufacturers and small businesses when the UK leaves the EU, Labour is to warn.
The shadow chancellor, John McDonnell, will set out his party's vision for a fairer Brexit deal on Thursday, saying he does not believe the country wants a “bankers' Brexit”, in a new pitch aimed at both Conservatives voters and working class leave voters.
Either Theresa May faked it for the bankers, or she's faking now | Gaby Hinsliff Read more
“Let me be clear, those who have voted Conservative are not the same as the Tory establishment,” he will say in a speech at the Institution of Mechanical Engineers in London.
“Like me, you will have friends who have voted Conservative. They don't want a bankers' Brexit any more than I do. The simple truth is that the Tory establishment cannot be trusted to make a success of Brexit. They want to take control for themselves, not the many.
“Labour will fight for all British businesses, not just financial services, to have single market access,” the shadow chancellor will say.
The British Bankers' Association warned this week that financial services were “more affected by Brexit than any other sector of the economy, both in the degree of impact and the scale of the implications” because of the threat to EU passporting, which allows banks to operate in the single market while being based in the UK.
McDonnell will say that May's apparent volte-face over Heathrow expansion demonstrates that she could just as easily renege on her pledge to forge a Brexit deal that benefited all Britons. The PM had previously promised her Maidenhead constituents she would oppose a third runway. McDonnell, whose Hayes and Harlington constituency contains Heathrow, is one of the most vocal opponents of expansion.
“Theresa May has shown that she will change her mind on a major constituency matter like Heathrow,” he will say. “If she is willing to turn her back on her constituents to satisfy the Conservative establishment, then how can we take on blind trust that she will seek a Brexit deal that benefits everyone in our country and not just Tory special interests?”
McDonnell, who was known as a Eurosceptic, though campaigned for remain in the referendum, will say a Labour government would be able to take advantage of leaving the EU, pinpointing state aid rules which bar governments from bailing out businesses because of competition law.
“Labour will take back the economic levers of power currently in the hands of the EU, such as over state-aid rules, and return them to the people,” he will say. “Not a Bankers' Brexit for the lucky few, but a People's Brexit for the many.”
McDonnell hinted that the UK should be prepared to pay EU budget contributions for single market access. “We will have to negotiate the best deal we can to gain access to the single market, because it is so crucial for jobs and the economy,” he told BBC Radio 4's Today programme. “Whether we pay contributions is part of the negotiations.”
The current situation with free movement would also be likely to end, McDonnell said, and said any new arrangement had to ensure voters' concerns about unskilled migrant labour were heard.
“We will still need to ensure there is movement from the UK into Europe and the other way round, we will still need to negotiate a system,” he told the BBC. “We cannot have a system where employers unscrupulously import labour to undercut wages. That means ensuring we have protections in place to overcome that problem.”
The transgender woman accused of running a black market butt enhancement business that used Fix-A-Flat and cement for injections claims she's innocent and says her alleged victims are lying, according to a report by NBCMiami.com.
Oneal Ron Morris, 30, denied the toxic tush allegations in an interview with Entertainment Tonight, which aired late Wednesday.
"They didn't catch me doing anything so it's just allegations," Morris said. "I'm innocent, I really am innocent or whatever."
A Florida woman is facing charges of practicing medicine without a license after cops say she injected a woman's buttocks with cement, "Fix-a-Flat" and other substances during an illegal cosmetic procedure. WTVJ-TV's Donna Rapado reports.
Morris was arrested Nov. 18 on charges of practicing medicine without a license after an investigation by Miami Gardens Police and the Florida Department of Health.
Read the original story on NBCMiami.com
Police say Morris, whose own rear end appeared to have been artificially enlarged, injected one woman in her buttocks with a substance consisting of the tire sealant, cement, mineral oil and superglue.
Since her arrest, more victims have come forward.
Cosmetic surgeon Dr. Anthony Youn speculated on the msnbc.com Vitals blog that Morris using polypropylene string implants for her own treatment.
I'd like to personally address some of the issues that have been brought up over the past week regarding Alex Bertoncini and the StarCityGames.com Open Series.
As has always been the case, Star City Games respects and adheres to all DCI rules and policies regarding our DCI-sanctioned events. This allows players who are currently under DCI investigation to continue playing in DCI-sanctioned events, as the system presumes you are innocent until proven guilty.
Due to the amount of time that is required for these investigations to complete, tournament organizers can be put in the difficult situation in which players currently under investigation win prizes, then end up suspended by the DCI upon the investigation's resolution. The exact situation I just described happened at this past weekend's Invitational in Charlotte, but I believe it is morally wrong to award any prizes, let alone a $10,000 check, to a player under this circumstance.
In order to ensure that this situation will never happen again, I am instituting the following StarCityGames.com Open Series Prize Policy, effective immediately:
STARCITYGAMES.COM OPEN SERIES PRIZE POLICY In accordance with DCI Policy, players under DCI Investigation will be eligible to play in Star City Games Open Series events. However, any player who is the subject of an open DCI Investigation will have his or her StarCityGames.com Open Series prizes and Player's Club benefits held until the conclusion of the investigation. In the event that a player is suspended, all prizes and benefits earned during that period will be donated to charity. In the event the investigation is resolved without a suspension, all StarCityGames.com Open Series prizes and Player's Club benefits earned during that period will be issued to the player within ten (10) business days of the resolution of the investigation. Star City Games will attempt to contact any player with at least one (1) Open Series Point in the current or previous Open Series season by e-mail or through the DCI website in the event that he or she becomes the subject of an open DCI Investigation. Failure to receive this message does not exempt a player from the withholding of prizes and StarCityGames.com Player's Club benefits.
In accordance with this policy, I will not be awarding Alex Bertoncini with any cash prizes or appearance fees from the Charlotte Invitational. Instead,I will be donating all cash prizes and appearance fees Alex was scheduled to receive from the Charlotte Invitational (totaling $10,250) directly to the Child's Play charity, an organization that provides toys and games to children in hospitals across the world.
I am also stripping Alex of the titles of Charlotte Invitational Champion and 2011 StarCityGames.com Player of the Year. The 2011 StarCityGames.com Invitational: Charlotte Champion is now Adam Prosak. The 2011 StarCityGames.com Player of the Year is now Gerry Thompson. I congratulate both players on their excellent performances in both the Invitational and during the 2011 Open Series season. I wish them both the best and hope to see them at future StarCityGames.com Open Series events.
As always, please feel free to post any feedback in the comments section below.
Best wishes,
Pete Hoefling
President, StarCityGames.com
Assume you have an oVirt cluster with hundreds of VM networks. Now you add a new host to the cluster. In order for it to move to the Operational state, it must have all required networks attached to it. The easiest way to do it is to attach networks to a label, and then place that label on a NIC of the added host. However, if there are too many networks, Engine could fail to setup them all at once. This is caused by a slow VDSM setupNetworks call that is not able to finish within the 180 seconds long vdsTimeout of Engine.
VDSM performance changes would be included in ovirt-4.2, currently in ovirt-master.
Initscripts performance patch is targeted for EL 7.5.
The following table shows maximal number of networks that can be handled within the vdsTimeout. The measured setupNetworks command handles one network with static IP and N VLAN+bridge networks with no IP. Edit covered a move of all networks from one NIC to another.
Please note that given numbers are for reference only.
installed N add edit del ovirt-4.2 190 180s 127s 67s ovirt-4.2 and patched initscripts 350 138s 176s 89s ovirt-4.1 150 179s 164s 93s ovirt-4.1 and patched initscripts 215 111s 172s 79s
The best improvement could be achieved with the initiscripts patch. It is not distributed in repositories yet, but you can apply it manually without much effort. However, even with bare ovirt-4.2 there is a significant speed-up.
Sapper Darren Foster of the Royal Engineers was shot as he passed a narrow slit in a bulletproof glass screen around a lookout post in the northern Helmand town.
US forces have disclosed that he is thought to have been one of three victims of a sniper at work in the area in just a week. One US marine was killed as he momentarily stepped out of an armoured vehicle to drop off a rubbish bag and another was injured on a bridge nearby.
The shootings raised fears that the Taliban may have hired a mercenary sniper to target Nato forces in the town which is now considered the most dangerous in Afghanistan.
There have been claims that at least three snipers trained in Iran or Pakistan are thought to be at work across Afghanistan.
Earlier this year it emerged that the SAS had been sent out to track a Taliban sniper operating around Sangin.
A senior officer disclosed that a single gunman was thought to be responsible for the deaths of up to seven soldiers from 3rd Battalion, the Rifles, stationed in Sangin.
Sapper Foster, 20, from Whitehaven, Cumbria, was on duty in a lookout post at Patrol Base Sangin Fulod on August 13.
The post is protected by thickened glass with only small gaps through which those on guard can point their weapons.
US forces, working alongside British troops at the base, disclosed that it is thought the gunman timed a single shot for the moment he walked past the opening.
"He hit a moving target in a space this big," Captain Jim Nolan, a company commander serving with the US Seventh Marine Regiment told the Wall Street Journal, holding his hands about nine inches apart.
A spokeswoman for the Ministry of Defence said: “We are not commenting on the circumstances of Sapper Foster's death.
“After every service personnel death there is an investigation.”
Sapper Foster's Commanding officer, Lieutenant Colonel Bobby Walton-Knight of 21 Engineer Regiment Group described him a soldier who was as “full of energy” and “fiercely proud” of being a Sapper.
His body was repatriated to Britain on Thursday.
Digital Album Streaming + Download Includes unlimited streaming via the free Bandcamp app, plus high-quality download in MP3, FLAC and more.
Download any album in the entire Deep Elm Records catalog by Naming Your Price. That's right, we leave it up to you to decide the value, not the price, of each album you download. If the music moves you, please tell your friends as we depend on word of mouth to survive. Your support has been an important factor in keeping this label 100% independent over the past 20+ years...so from all of us at Deep Elm, thank you! We're not just making music together, we're making history. Purchasable with gift card Buy Digital Album $1 USD or more You own this Sends as Gift
More Music by Athletics
Share / Embed
about
Deep Elm Records is pleased to announce the forthcoming re-release of Who You Are Is Not Enough, the third album from post-rock / post-hardcore heroes ATHLETICS. A conceptual record about the quest to find oneself, Who You Are Is Not Enough was written stylistically as one song separated into five parts relating to love, loss and acceptance. The 10 track re-release will include the original five part albums released in June 2012 plus an instrumental version of each part dubbed the 'Find Yourself' tracks. "This is an album about finding yourself. So we felt it was only appropriate to remove the albeit very poetic lyrics in order to give the listener an option to create his or her own experience to the masterful music without any pre-conceived ideas. It's a very powerful, unique, genre-spanning album that stands on its own with or without lyrics. So fans now have a choice on how to make the most of the music" says label owner John Szuch.
"This re-release lets us showcase these songs in a different way. The vocals on Who You Are Is Not Enough are sparse for a reason: we wanted the music to tell its own story. We are now taking it a step further by including instrumental versions of each song, letting the listeners decide what these songs truly mean for themselves. Who You Are Is Not Enough was also recorded to flow seamlessly from our debut. The opening of the album is actually the piano section of the song Affliction from the debut in reverse. So we are excited to have our entire discography in the same place. We're happy to be home" says guitarist Garrett Yaeger.
"Who You Are Is Not Enough is the constant feeling that everything you're doing and all the effort you are exerting is still not enough. Sometimes your best just isn't good enough, and for somethings it never will be. Ultimately after all that self-doubt, all the failures, and self-reflection, you realize there are more important things to worry about than being good enough for some social, economic or emotional standard. This album has been a long time in the making. It revolves around a single idea that was expanded on time and time again. When Athletics first formed we wrote a song called Five Years Later which was never recorded and rarely performed. It was about a friend that had passed five years earlier. It was the most important subject I had ever attempted to write about. I was never happy with the outcome of the song, it was never good enough, it never paid enough tribute, it never captured the emotion and he deserved more. Since his passing, I have constantly measured my failures and shortcomings against the notion that he would never even have the chance to fail. Having the perspective of failing being better than nothing at all is the idea that shaped the album. It relates our collective struggles and compares them to something bigger," adds Yeager.
ATHLETICS is Jimmy Boyce (guitar, bass), John Cannon (drums, bass), Howie Cohen (guitar, vocals, bass), Garrett Yaeger (guitar, piano, vocals, bass) and new bassist Zach West who did not play on the album. Who You Are Is Not Enough was recorded with Kevin Dye at Teleportation Studios in Freehold, NJ (Gates, Vasudeva, Let Me Run) and mixed and mastered by Greg Dunn (Moving Mountains, Gates, Vasudeva). Rosetta latte artwork by John Cannon. Athletics released their Deep Elm Records debut Why Aren't I Home? in October 2010 to rave reviews and their piano-only Stop Torturing Yourself EP in June 2012. Band photo by Jeff Zorn. The band formed in Upstate New York but now resides in the musically rich, seaside capital of the New Jersey Shore...Asbury Park. And yes, Athletics really is as good as everyone says they are.
"Nothing short of breathtaking. Sophisticated artistry with a beautiful edge. A must-have. [Rating: 5 / 5]." - Idobi
"Athletics have carved a sweet spot in the post-rock genre. The highest praise possible. [Rating: 10 / 10]." - AmpKicker
"Remarkable. So unbelievably unique. Excellent writing and lyricism. A beautiful album. [Rating: A-] ." - Muzik Dizcovery
For Fans of: Lights & Motion, The Appleseed Cast, Explosions In The Sky, Moving Mountains, Last Lungs
Genre: Post-Rock, Post-Hardcore
credits
released April 22, 2014
license
all rights reserved
On Thursday night the Vancouver Canucks defeated the Boston Bruins 4-2 on the backs of Jacob Markstrom's 28 save performance and Daniel Sedin's historic goal. With the two points they earned in that victory the Canucks now sit tied for second in the Pacific Division with 51 points. And that's good enough to earn them the third seed in the Pacific Division playoffs. But those 51 points have been earned while playing more games (48) than any other team in the division other than Edmonton (49). Based on that it's hard to say whether or not the Canucks have a legitimate shot at making the post-season dance, especially not knowing how long captain Henrik Sedin will be injured. If a prediction had to be made selling will dominate the Canucks trade deadline day.
As sellers the Canucks have plenty of veterans that would interest playoff bound teams (Dan Hamhuis, Alex Burrows, Radim Vrbata, Yannick Weber, Brandon Prust). But if for whatever reason Benning decides to buy, as buyers the team has built good depth, especially in the area of forward prospects, so they could manage to grab a role player for the playoff stretch with a prospect and draft choice.
Canucks Trade Deadline Moves Will Include Selling…Lots of Selling
The landscape of the Canucks current landscape the direction in which the franchise is moving indicates that the club is in a much better position to be sellers than they are to be buyers. They've put a lot of youth into their lineup this year, something they haven't done in many years. They have five rookies on their current roster (Jared McCann (19), Ben Hutton (22), Alex Biega (27), Jake Virtanen (18), Michael Zalewski (23). And they've only kept adding youth throughout the season. They have eleven players on the that same roster that are 26 and under. So the Canucks are clearly moving in the direction that Jim Benning promised – a new youthful corps to transition from the aging group led by the twins – while staying surprisingly competitive in the standings.
I would be remiss if I didn't mention that the Canucks have out shot their opponents in just 18 of their 48 games this season, so while the team has managed to collect points on a lot of overtime losses, they do have an alarmingly low number of wins and some troubling statistics, like the one mentioned above. However that's okay and it's expected during a rebuild. There are just five players remaining from the 2011 Stanley Cup Final team and most of the rest are in their first three or four years in the league.
http://gty.im/115854182
Another shocking stat: out of the 25 players on the Canucks roster (including Henrik Sedin, Brandon Sutter, and Dan Hamhuis who are all on the IR) twelve have yet to play at least three full seasons in the NHL (including 2015-16).
With that in mind the Canucks have never been more primed to shed their last shell of the remnants from an era come and gone. Keeping some quality professional veterans in the lineup is important, but the Canucks have some of the best in Henrik, Daniel, Ryan Miller, Alex Edler and Jannik Hansen. In order to take the next step in their transition now's the time to get rid of guys like Radim Vrbata, Alex Burrows, Dan Hamhuis, Brandon Prust and Yannick Weber, especially if the team has no interest in giving them extensions. Rather than lose all that potential return to an open market on July 1st, Benning should ship the players knowing he'll get limited return but it's better than nothing. Rumors coming out of Florida about Brandon Pirri might interest Benning who will need to address scoring if he chooses to move Vrbata and Burrows. George Richards who covers the Florida Panthers for the Miami Herald tweeted:
As trade rumors start to swirl, #FlaPanthers scratch Brandon Pirri — George Richards (@GeorgeRichards) January 22, 2016
Alex Burrows, Dan Hamhuis and Radim Vrbata would be highly desired commodities for teams looking for veteran depth in anticipation of a deep playoff run. Burrows to Montreal to address scoring depth…or first line depth or maybe even a reunion with Luongo in Florida for a playoff run? Radim Vrbata to Florida in an attempt to ease Jagr's scoring pressure? Dan Hamhuis to Detroit or San Jose following those team's long histories of bringing in veteran defensemen? The point is Vancouver has options. Serious options.
Canucks At Trade Deadline: Not Likely to Buy
This scenario is obviously a lot less likely. As buyers the team would have to sell off a good portion of their newly found youth power. It just doesn't seem likely. Reports have claimed that Bo Horvat would have been involved in a trade for Tampa Bay Lightning forward Jonathan Drouin. That in return for Ryan Johansen Columbus was demanding Ben Hutton and more. Benning obviously didn't feel like either of those players were worth it.
And he's right. Unless a guy like Chris Higgins, or any of Vrbata, Hamhuis or Burrows wanted out and the Canucks felt like getting a different veteran guy to fill the leadership roles they would leave behind, it doesn't make a whole lot of sense for Benning to start shedding prospect depth.
Plain and simple. The Canucks aren't buyers unless a magical deal for someone like Steven Stamkos were to arise in return for veterans, not prospects.
A 15-year-old boy is dead and a 16-year-old boy in critical condition after a deadly stabbing Wednesday, allegedly at the hands of another student inside a Bronx school. It was the first time in 25 years something like this had happened in the city. And with mayor's race in full swing, the tragedy is already turning political. NY1 Political Reporter Grace Rauh filed the following report.
"No one should politicize a tragedy," Mayor Bill de Blasio said Wednesday.
And yet in the aftermath of a deadly stabbing at a school in the Bronx on Wednesday, de Blasio's political rivals went on the attack.
"This is not about the mayor, this is not about this election. This is about the safety of our children," Nicole Malliotakis told me.
The Republican nominee for mayor, State Assemblywoman Nicole Malliotakis, said the Bronx school where the stabbing occurred should have had metal detectors. She said retired police officers, who are armed, should be stationed in the city's most dangerous schools.
"There's a mentality now in the school system that students can do whatever they want, and they can bully others, they can punch teachers in the face, they can bring marijuana into the classroom, and they're going to face absolutely no penalty," Malliotakis said.
Just last month, the mayor was celebrating the city's school safety record, declaring the last school year was the safest on record.
"It is unacceptable to ever lose a child to violence in a school building," de Blasio said in a briefing after the stabbing. "We will redouble our efforts to protect every child. We will use every measure to make sure every child is safe."
Bo Dietl, an independent running for mayor, said the city's school safety numbers are not to be trusted. State data has actually shown violence in city schools to be on the rise in recent years.
"Crime is down in his mind of de Blasio for the fact that half of the crimes are not being reported," Dietl said.
Overall, crime in the city may be at record low levels, but the stabbing means school safety concerns are sure to be debated in the coming weeks of this campaign.
“So what's the deal with this Lemmy guy who trashed our Dark Force edition?” grumbled David George, Ural's brand ambassador and marketing associate.
I was hardly surprised to field such a question after reading our dear Lemmy's opinion on the Star Wars-themed Ural, but had I walked into a new Cold War? A renewed standoff between Russian censorship and America's First Amendment? Was I about to become an unwitting combatant in a new conflict over the freedom of human expression?
That wasn't my plan. With a couple hours to kill before my flight left Seattle, I had wanted to use up the rest of my vacation doing something moto-related. A quick phone call to Ural was answered with “Come on down and we'll give ya the 10-cent tour!”
Inside Ural headquarters. Photo by Alex Quinn.
That was hardly the reaction I expected, and definitely not one you are likely to get from a corporate giant like Honda or Harley-Davidson. Ural headquarters is a different kind of place, however. The small office is home to 11 employees who define the brand across the globe. From product design to marketing and logistics, this tight crew of side-hack enthusiasts has dragged Ural into the 21st century through sheer will and perseverance.
Parts to support Ural dealers worldwide. Photo by Alex Quinn.
After a few jokes about Lemmy's “Star Wars: Stupid” article and his “shoot-from-the-hip” editorial prowess, David was kind enough to give me a tour of the intimate facility in Redmond, Wash. I was astounded as he explained that it supplies parts for the international dealer network, an operation supported by one (yes, that's right, one) employee. Just a few rows of shelves hold containers full of parts with handwritten labels reminiscent of now extinct library card catalogs. It is no surprise that Ural is all analog, but it is an impressive feat for a small logistics and pack-and-ship team of one to support hundreds of dealers across the globe. Assembly, R&D and maintenance are also performed in-house by a single employee.
An analog operation in a digital world. Photo by Alex Quinn.
With roughly 1,200 bikes coming out of the plant in Siberia per year, about half come to the United States, are assembled in Redmond, and then distributed all over the country. Only 25 of those bikes will be special editions like the Dark Force, MIR or Gaucho Rambler. These themed Urals are the result of an office brainstorming session each year and, to their credit, what they come up with is usually exciting... or at least amusing. The latest Dark Force was no exception and arose out of a desire to produce an all-black Ural and a shared love for Star Wars. The light saber was an afterthought.
Built for land speed competition, this is the world's fastest Ural. Photo by Alex Quinn.
Back in Siberia, the 130-person production facility is staffed by hard-working Russians, some of whom have worked at the factory for decades. Each bike is assembled and painted by hand, adding to the intimacy of the whole operation. Suggestions for improvement or changes coming out of Redmond are implemented almost immediately, a process that would be nearly impossible at larger manufacturers. This allows Ural to continuously improve their already solid product.
Urals on their way from the factory to owners. Photo by Alex Quinn.
Lately, it seems like Ural is everywhere. From our own Common Tread articles (Camp Wandawega and Star Wars: Stupid) to press in national publications like the Wall Street Journal, The New York Times and Wired. These antiquated, three-wheeled, smile-inducing machines might not be the pinnacle of motorcycle technology, but in a world where most things are mass produced by computerized, automated production facilities, I find it comforting to know there is an underdog out there building bikes the old-fashioned way… by hand.
It was the fourth and last exam of the semester, so I was surprised to find a new (yet strangely familiar!) name on an answer sheet.
Mr Parker ignored the first half of the test (multiple choice questions) but felt strangely attracted to section three, the unknowns. For he, too, has a secret identity! But rather than guess who had made the images, he opted to draw them. Quite sensitively, I might add.
To unmask these super artists yourself, click here and here.
For the final section of the exam, the comparison essay, Mr. Parker called in a more physically imposing friend to help him out. “Spidey take test? Hulk take test, too!”
Alas, FERPA regulations forbid me from disclosing whether the exam passed or failed. But I can say that this professor is regularly amused by his classroom comics.
Milano cookies (chocolate mint flavor)
Milano cookies are a trademarked cookie manufactured by Pepperidge Farm as part of their series of "European" cookies. Each cookie consists of a thin layer of chocolate sandwiched between two biscuit cookies.
The Milano was created as a result of Pepperidge Farm's original cookie concept, the Naples, which was a single vanilla wafer cookie with dark chocolate filling topping it. The problem this posed was that Naples cookies would end up stuck together when shipped to and sold in warmer climates.[citation needed] The company resolved the problem by sandwiching Naples cookies together, creating the new Milano variety.
The original variety used a filling of dark chocolate.[citation needed] Many additional varieties have since been marketed, such as milk chocolate and double chocolate; other flavors include a layer of mint or sweet orange paste in addition to some form of chocolate.
Milano cookies have primarily been marketed towards elders, adults, teens, children, and infants, as an indulgence food.[1]
In Canada, they are sold under the brand name "Monaco" rather than "Milano," because the name Milano was already in use in Canada prior to Pepperidge Farm's arrival in the market.
Michael Sam has officially become pro football's first openly gay player, making his debut for the Canadian Football League's Montreal Alouettes on Friday night.
Sam, a seventh-round draft pick of the Rams last year who has not been able to make an NFL regular-season roster, played sparingly and did not have an impact as the Alouettes lost to the Ottawa Redblacks.
“I love football,” Sam said. “I was nervous when I first got on the field. . . . I didn't get many opportunities to make any plays. I had some good pass rushes, I thought, but close is not a sack.”
Sam left the Alouettes during training camp for still-unexplained personal reasons and has been buried on the depth chart since then. But getting on the field on Friday night represents progress, both for Sam personally and for the game of football.
Dead Marine's Dad Must Pay Protestors At Son's Funeral: Court
In a decision likely to strike many observers as cruel, a federal appeals court ordered the father of a Marine killed in Iraq whose funeral drew protesters from a church notorious for such demonstrations to pay the church leader's $16,510 in legal fees.
As the Associated Press reported:
On Friday, Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit ordered Snyder to pay $16,510 to Fred Phelps. Phelps is the leader of the Westboro Baptist Church, which conducted protests at Marine Lance Cpl. Matthew Snyder's funeral in 2006.
The two-page decision supplied by attorneys for Albert Snyder of York, Pa., offered no details on how the court came to its decision.
Attorneys also said Snyder is struggling to come up with fees associated with filing a brief with the U.S. Supreme Court.
The decision adds "insult to injury," said Sean Summers, one of Snyder's lawyers.
The high court agreed to consider whether the protesters' message is protected by the First Amendment or limited by the competing privacy and religious rights of the mourners.
Snyder won his case against Westboro in the lower court but that decision was overturned by the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit in September.
Losers in such cases often are made to pay legal fees and the appeals court may have just been following that common practice. Still, just because it's what's commonly done, doesn't mean people accept it. Snyder is getting a lot of support on Facebook.
To get this weekly Trump update sent to your inbox, subscribe here .
It was a busy week for Donald Trump, who delivered his first address to the U.N. General Assembly and met with numerous world leaders who attended the meeting in New York City. The president, of course, still found time to indulge in one of his favorite pastimes: attacking people.
From coming up with a nickname for Kim Jong-un (“Rocket Man”) to retweeting an image of himself hitting Hillary Clinton with golf ball, Trump lobbed a wealth of provocations at his enemies. He even threatened to “totally destroy” North Korea while he was addressing the U.N.
Here's a rundown of the president's insult-laden week:
Calling out the “loser terrorists”
Trump used news of a terrorist attack in London — when a crude device exploded on a train and injured 23 people — to call for tougher action against “loser terrorists.” He also appeared to break news in a tweet: that these “sick and demented people” were “in the sights of Scotland Yard.” UK Prime Minister Theresa May later said it was not “helpful” for Trump to speculate about an ongoing investigation.
Trump also went after ESPN. In a tweet, he said the network is “paying a really big price for its politics,” apparently referring to ESPN anchor Jemele Hill, who recently called Trump a white supremacist. In response to a reporter at a daily press briefing earlier in the week, Sarah Huckabee Sanders had called for Hill's firing.
Burning out his fuse
Trump spoke by phone with South Korea's president about North Korean leader Kim Jong-un, whom the president has now dubbed “Rocket Man.”
“Asked him how Rocket Man is doing,” Trump tweeted the following day about the conversation. “Long gas lines forming in North Korea. Too bad!”
A day of memes
Trump retweeted a few positive memes of himself, including one of him pulling manufacturing plants back from overseas and another of a locomotive wearing a “Make America Great Again” hat. He then retweeted a GIF of him hitting a golf ball that strikes Hillary Clinton.
Trump threatens to destroy North Korea
President Trump delivered his first speech before the U.N. General Assembly — a 41-minute barn-burner that sounded like a collection of some of his angriest tweets. In his speech, Trump:
threatened to “totally destroy” North Korea
called the Iran nuclear deal an “embarrassment to the United States”
urged world leaders to put their own countries first
bragged that the U.S. military will soon be the “strongest it has ever been”
said it's too expensive to resettle refugees (a claim contradicted by a suppressed study from his own administration provided to VICE News)
complained about the U.S. paying “far more than anybody realizes” in aid to the U.N.
White House Chief of Staff John Kelly looked pretty upset while listening to the speech (as he often does when his boss is speaking).
Trying to repeal and replace — again
Trump endorsed a new healthcare bill from two Republican Senators, South Carolina's Lindsey Graham and Louisiana's Bill Cassidy. It's the GOP's latest effort to repeal and replace Obamacare, which the president urged Republicans to support in a few tweets. One singled out Sen. Rand Paul, who ran against Trump in the Republican primary for being “such a negative force” when it comes to “fixing healthcare.”
“I would not sign Graham-Cassidy if it did not include coverage of pre-existing conditions. It does!” Trump later tweeted. “A great Bill. Repeal & Replace.”
Trump either doesn't understand the Graham-Cassidy bill or he's deliberately misleading his Twitter followers. One of the big provisions of the bill, which was unveiled last week, loosens Obamacare protections on pre-existing conditions. Graham-Cassidy would also repeal Obamacare's individual and employer mandates, which penalize Americans who don't have health insurance and large employers who don't have to provide coverage to employees. Medicaid expansion would take a big hit too.
A “dotard” and a “rocket man” walk into a bar
Kim Jong-un responded to Trump's threats to “totally destroy North Korea” by calling the U.S. president a “frightened dog” and a “dotard” (a medieval term for a senile, old person).
“I will surely and definitely tame the mentally deranged U.S. dotard with fire,” Kim said.
Trump responded the next day to Kim Jong-un's arcane insult with some standard name-calling. “Kim Jong-un of North Korea, who is obviously a madman who doesn't mind starving or killing his people, will be tested like never before!” the president tweeted on Friday.
Since 1802, South Carolina law has prohibited the playing of games that involve cards or dice.
South Carolina Code of Laws, Section 16-19-40: If any person shall play… any game with cards or dice… except the games of billiards, bowls, backgammon, chess, draughts, or whist when there is no betting… shall be imprisoned for a period of not over thirty days or fined not over one hundred dollars, and every person [hosting such game]… be imprisoned for a period not exceeding twelve months and forfeit a sum not exceeding two thousand dollars, for each and every offense.
Lest you think this is just some moldy old law that everyone has the better sense to ignore, I call your attention to the events of May 2013, when after South Carolina state police warned a retirement community that the Bridge and Canasta groups using its meeting rooms were illegal, the community banned all future games.
Stepping up in an attempt to rectify this strange state of affairs, the South Carolina Legislature has just passed S779, “An Act… To Provide That Certain Social Tiles, Cards, And Dice Games Are Not Unlawful Under Certain Circumstances”.
Unfortunately, while the new rule clearly states that:
It is not unlawful for persons… to gather for the purpose of engaging in games of tiles, cards, or dice including, but not limited to, canasta, mahjong, and bridge.
It also limits that permission to:
“Persons who are members of a club or other social organization… [where] a bona fide social relationship among the participants exists.”
Games where “no mechanical or electronic devices or machines of any kind… are used or incorporated in any way.”
Situations where “no person or entity… [or] host of the game or owner or lessee of the location in which the games are played… receive[s] any direct or indirect economic, financial, or monetary benefit of any kind.”
Gatherings where “there is no betting, wagering, or gambling of any kind.”
Games where “except for the advantage of skill or luck, the risks of losing or winning are the same for all parties.”
So, no playing games with strangers; no card-shufflers, timers, buzzers, computers, or tablets; no game store play spaces, conventions, or tournaments; and only perfectly balanced games allowed?
Also note the still remaining South Carolina Code of Laws, Section 16-19-70:
With the new Daredevil TV show dropping on Netflix this Friday, interest in old Hornhead has arguably never been so great. If you are planning to dip into the comics to supplement the TV show, the good news is that there is an astonishingly large number of fantastic Darevil comics to choose from. I've picked out five of the most essential Daredevil stories to read.
Daredevil: The Man Without Fear (Frank Miller/John Romita Jr)
Honestly, the early issues of Daredevil by Stan Lee are a little rough. The definitive origin actually comes from Frank Miller, who clearly has a talent for origin stories for masked vigilantes inspired to fight crime by the bloody murder of one or both parents.
This book charts everything you'd want from a Daredevil origin story, from the accident that blinds Matt Murdock and gives him his powers, to his training by Stick and eventual move into crime fighting.
There are a couple of things in particular that I really love about this book. The entrance of Kingpin is absolutely incredible, immediately making clear that this is a seriously dangerous man who doesn't think twice about committing the most appalling of crimes.
But the thing that really sticks with me is the way that, in just a couple of panels, Miller and JRjr capture the frankly unhealthy relationship Matt has with his home town. In the story, he has escaped to Boston, kicked the habit of Hell's Kitchen. But when he is brought home for a case, it's like an addict falling off the wagon. The city is under his skin, and he cannot escape it. This is really a huge part of the Daredevil character, and I love just how sordid it feels.
Born Again (Frank Miller/David Mazzuchelli)
The Man Without Fear may be the best version of Matt Murdock's origin story, for my money Born Again is Miller's best Daredevil work. This may well be because it was the first Daredevil comic I ever read, and it just blew me away.
It's worth noting just how bleak this comic is for the bulk of the story. Murdock's life completelycollapses. His ex-girlfriend Karen Page sells his secret identity for a shot of heroin, and this information ends up in the hands of Kingpin, who takes it upon himself to take Murdock down. But he doesn't do this by setting an assassin on him. No, he breaks him mentally, by freezing his bank accounts, getting his apartment repossessed, destroying his professional reputation.
I'd read stories with superheroes broken physically before, but the level of psychological abuse here was absolutely shocking, as was Matt's descent into mental illness.
The use of faith is also incredibly striking in this book, and is now perhaps one of the most defining characteristics of Daredevil. As someone from an Irish Catholic background, it's always been something that I've found has made me relate to Matt Murdock, and never more so than in Born Again.
The King of Hell's Kitchen (Brian Michael Bendis/Alex Maleev)
I have never read finer superhero comics than the Bendis/Maleev run on Daredevil. The writing is terrific with all of Bendis' usual entertaining quips and one-liners, but also plenty of genuinely moving dialogue. And the art is just sublime. Maleev's style is scratcy, a little bit dirty, just perfect for the character and the setting. It's gorgeous.
Honestly, you should probably buy the entire run (it's handily combined in three ultimate collections), which covers what happens when Daredevil's secret identity becomes public knowledge.
My favourite arc within the Bendis run though is The King of Hell's Kitchen, in which Daredevil defeats the Kingpin and essentially takes over Hell's Kitchen as the new Kingpin. It's a fantastic story and includes some wonderful cameos from Spider-Man, Luke Cage and Dr Strange.
End of Days (Brian Michael Bendis/David Mack/Klaus Jansen/Bill Sienkiewicz)
End of Days is a Daredevil mini series set in the future, covering the death of Matt Murdock and what happens as a result. In truth it's as much a Ben Urich story as it is a Daredevil story, as Urich attempts to write the definitive story on the death of his friend the superhero.
This book took years to put together, but it was absolutely worth it, with art by legitimate legends and an incredibly moving story about legacy, love and parenthood. Includes a brilliant running gag about Murdock's incredibly complicated love life too.
Excitingly it looks like there will be a follow up focused on Punisher, who is a central figure in End of Days. I just hope we don't have to wait years for this one.
Devil at Bay (Mark Waid/Chris Samnee)
Mark Waid is a genius. Daredevil as a character tends to lend himself to more serious, gritty and grimy stories. There's a lot of heartbreak and tragedy. But Waid has managed to sculpt stories about Matt Murdock that are not only absolutely true to the character, but are flat out hilarious.
Devil at Bay is the first trade following Matt's move to the West Coast to set up a new legal practice with his ‘friend' Kirsten McDuffie. And it is absolutely brilliant. With his identity now public knowledge, and in a new setting, this is a more lighthearted Matt Murdock, taking selfies with fans and fighting crime with a smile and swagger.
Samnee's art, particularly on facials, is incredibly entertaining, and the bright, vibrant colours are a real contrast to the other Daredevil stories mentioned in this piece. Just great fun.
The killer of a gay man in NYC's Greenwich Village early Saturday has been charged, the WSJ reports:
Elliot Morales was charged with murder as a hate crime and weapons charges after he allegedly volleyed antigay slurs at Mark Carson before shooting him once, point blank, in the head, police said.
Mr. Morales, who has a criminal history that includes several stints of incarceration, was arraigned Sunday in Manhattan Criminal Court and remanded to prison. He wasn't required to enter a plea. His court-appointed attorney couldn't be reached for comment. Being charged with murder as hate crime means he could face a harsher sentence if convicted.
“It's clear that the victim here was killed only because and just because he was thought to be gay,” New York Police Commissioner Raymond Kelly said during a news conference on Sunday. “There is no question about that. There were these derogatory remarks. The victim did nothing to antagonize or instigate the shooter in this case. It's only done because the shooter believed him to be gay.”
Morales "laughed in hideous glee as he confessed," the NYDN reports.
As we noted yesterday, there is an anti-violence rally and march TONIGHT which begins at 5:30 pm at the Lesbian, Gay, Bisexual and Transgender Community Center (208 w. 13th Street), ending at the site of the murder on W. 8th street and Sixth Avenue.
Once-in-century October snow across SA
Updated
Sorry, this video has expired Video: See the day it snowed in October in SA (ABC News)
Rare at any time, there has been October snow across some southern areas of South Australia.
The weather bureau in Adelaide said the last reports of snowfall in the Adelaide and neighbouring Mount Lofty Ranges region in October were a century ago.
Locals at Hallett in the mid-north of the state, around Crafers, Mount Lofty, Lobethal and Belair in the Adelaide hills, Sevenhill in the Clare Valley and Mount Remarkable in the lower Flinders Ranges have been surprised by snowfalls.
Farmers in the agricultural areas have welcomed rainfall that has boosted their crop prospects.
Some grain growers say the falls have come too late for them, but crops in later districts will get the benefits.
The highest measured falls in the state have included 34mm at Kuitpo in the Mount Lofty Ranges, 27 millimetres at Wilmington in the upper north and 26mm at Melrose.
There have been 21mm at Clare in the mid-north, 19mm at Riverton, 17mm at Auburn, 8mm at Lameroo in the Murray Mallee and 11mm at Keith in the south-east.
Adelaide has had about 18mm.
A maximum wind gust of 91 kilometres per hour was recorded at Edithburg on lower Yorke Peninsula.
We've never seen snow in October before Raelene Zanker
Emergency volunteers have been called to dozens of incidents since the rough weather first hit Adelaide late on Wednesday.
Many of the problems were with fallen trees.
At suburban Brighton, a car was crushed when a large shopping centre sign fell in high winds.
Raelene Zanker, from Booleroo Centre, said she had lived in the region for half a century and not seen snow so late in the season.
"Going back I think it was in the '70s some time we had lots and lots of snow, but we haven't had anything like that for years now and we've never seen snow in October before, well not since I've been here anyway," she said.
The October freeze saw Mount Lofty's minimum temperature hit 0.4 degrees Celsius this morning. It got as low at 0.6 at Naracoorte and 1.1 at Mount Crawford.
Senior forecaster Tom Boeck confirmed the rarity of the weather conditions.
"In springtime we do get some quite significant shifts in the weather in terms of temperature, but I must admit it's quite unusual to be getting a snow event in October," he said.
Topics: weather, rainfall, agricultural-crops, rural, sa, adelaide-5000, hallett-5419, mount-gambier-5290, port-augusta-5700, port-lincoln-5606, port-pirie-5540, renmark-5341
First posted
Hillary Clinton still leads Democratic primary field, but doesn't have the biggest lead over Donald Trump. Bernie Sanders beats Trump by 7 points in a new hypothetical matchup.
Clinton still holds a substantial lead over Vermont Sen. Bernie Sanders 43-25, followed by unannounced candidate Vice President Joe Biden, with Martin O'Malley, Lincoln Chaffee and Lawrence Lessig trailing. Among Democrats, only 11 percent say that they "would definitely not support" the former secretary of state during her bid for the White House, according to a Thursday Quinnipiac poll.
When matched up against Republicans, Clinton finds herself in nearly a dead tie with GOP leading lady Carly Fiorina. Clinton trails her 43-44. Clinton is behind Ben Carson 49-42 and Jeb Bush 44-42, but leads Republican front-runner Donald Trump 45-43.
Sanders leads 49-42. He also nearly ties Fiorina, trailing her 44-43, ties Bush 44-44 and trails Carson 49-39. The Democratic challenger is viewed less unfavorably than Clinton, with only 28 percent of Democrats viewing him negatively, whereas Clinton had a 55 percent unfavorable rating.
Sanders has built a significant lead over Clinton in New Hampshire, while the polling in Iowa has shown conflicting results.
As the former secretary of state's private email scandal unfolds, her trustworthiness rating has also plummeted. Sixty-eight percent of independent voters, a key bloc in the general election, find Clinton to be untrustworthy.
On being the bad guys
There's a shadow at the edges of Houston's awareness, close enough to make you glance in that direction, but fleeting enough that you can choose to ignore it. It's a real concern that's been largely ignored so far, but it's about to hit another level in the coming weeks. The Rockets and their followers may not want to admit it, but soon they won't have any choice. Acquiring Carmelo Anthony or Kevin Love or, in the most extreme case imaginable, LeBron James will only kick this into hyperdrive. It's time to be honest about an ongoing trend: the Rockets are becoming The Bad Guys.
If you look closely, you'll see that the Rockets have been bad guys for a while. Maybe not capitalized, definite article “The Bad Guys” yet, but not on the white hat side of the common narrative. People, by and large, don't like Dwight Howard after his repeated summers of indecision and throwing Stan van Gundy under the bus. That's hardly a surprise for anyone, and the collective Rockets universe was ready for some blowback on that. The surprise was when the rest of the team began to take on this aspect as well. James Harden, in particular, fell from grace with a dull thud. His lackluster defense and cool, arrogant mien rubbed a nation the wrong way, headlining a group that found itself on the wrong side of narrative.
Valid or not, the world loves a scrappy underdog and hates an aloof favorite. The Rockets had been firmly in that first camp for a few years, beating the odds with hustle and youth, battling against superior teams with a high-flying style and finally making the playoffs in Harden's first year in Houston. They were the up-and-coming “It” team of the future, and everything looked rosy on the public relations front.
Starting next season, the Rockets might be the most hated team in the league, if not all sports.
In that fateful first round series against the Portland Trail Blazers, the Rockets got a taste of public disfavor. If it felt like the universe was aligned against Houston, that's partially because the NBA world at large preferred the scrappy underdog Blazers to the indifferent “elite” team from Houston. Few hoped for Dwight Howard's vindication and the Beard's fan club outside of East Texas had dwindled to a small number indeed. With fan favorite Jeremy Lin shrinking in the spotlight and controversial defender Patrick Beverley playing even more, there was a lot to hate.
Well, if the Rockets sign LeBron James, that's it. The Miami Heat instantly became The Bad Guys in the wake of “The Decision,” a moment when James and Chris Bosh changed teams that was punctuated by the supremely silly decision by LeBron to televise his choice in an hour-long special. He's still not been forgiven by the general populace, and jumping ship yet again would only cement that sentiment.
The potential starting lineup for the 2014-2015 Houston Rockets would at once be both terrifying in its power and as hateable a group of players as you're likely to find. Let's break it down.
Point Guard: Patrick Beverley, a man known for playing dirty (sort of fair), hurting Russell Westbrook's knee (not fair) and just generally being intense, defense-centric and an irritating pest out there (very fair). He's the sort of player it's hard to like unless you root for his team or love hard-nosed, all-out defense. (Or, as an aside, have ever seen him talk outside of the court. He's as smart, accommodating and friendly as players come.)
Shooting Guard: James Harden, world-renowned flopper, abstainer from defense and sort of showboater. He's got a bad habit of not giving enough effort at the wrong times, of shrinking in important games and of making defensive plays so negligent that they warrant a highlight reel. He's got a nasty iso-ball streak and reportedly isn't a big fan of running the pick and roll, by far his best option. After calling Fran Blinbury a “weirdo” in an upsetting post-game presser, public opinion hasn't moved back the other way. Unless he shows serious contrition and effort on defense, he's the latest major villain in the NBA landscape.
Small Forward: Either Lebron James or Chandler Parsons, depending on factors. We know why people hate LeBron, and there's literally an entire book about it, so we'll just gloss over how much his inclusion would turn public opinion away from Houston. Parsons, for his part, is moderately well-liked, but has his own share of image problems. Where once was a hard-nosed defense-first swingman now resides an offensive swiss army knife. The fact that he has the tools to play good defense and has even done so in past makes his struggles on that end all the harder to swallow. He's seem by some as preening, an image that his constant sneer on court (probably just due to how his face sits when he's exerting himself, if we're being honest), his endless hair-fixing during games and his budding modeling career. He's sort of a sex object, one of few in the NBA, and he knows it. THis might make him popular with some segments of the population, but don't be surprised that a lot of others hate him for it.
Power Forward: Again, LeBron, on the off chance he came to Houston, could play here. Otherwise, it's likely to be Terrence Jones. Jones is an interesting case in that he's not disliked by the general populace, nor, in fact, particularly well known to them. He's quick and engaging in person and has a fun style of play with little not to like. On the other hand, he was accused of attacking a homeless man in Portland unprovoked. There was no resolution to that issue, so there's nothing that can really be said to the ultimate veracity of that claim. Whatever the case, the incident did harm to his image amongst the more avid watchers and commentators of NBA basketball.
Center: Well, it's Dwight Howard. The three latest major face-heel turns in the NBA have been LeBron James, Dwight Howard and James Harden, making this list three for three on newest, biggest, most hated Bad Guys. After his dissatisfaction with the Orlando Magic (which was reasonable), he waffled on whether or not he would force a trade for two summers, creating multiple “Dwightmares” for the league (not reasonable at all and pretty frustrating to follow). He eventually landed on the Lakers, only cementing opinions on loyalty, small vs large market dynamics, bias in the league and basically any negative conclusion you might want to draw. After a miserable year there in which he struggled to recover from a back injury, he bolted again, this time making the choice to move to Houston. Now, not even Lakers fans were in his corner.
It's an ugly list from a PR perspective, and the potential loss of Jeremy Lin and Omer Asik only hurts matter further. Lin is a crowd favorite, a hard worker and a charming person. He may have played poorly much of the last two months of the season, but trading him would do little to improve Houston's image. Asik was a tough, defensive center, a quiet guy and always looked like he was giving it his all. Despite his handling of the Dwight Howard situation, he was still a play who was easy to like, especially for his effort on the defensive end, something that plays well in general.
What this all boils down to is the the Rockets and their fans have to prepare for the worst. LeBron or Carmelo would both kick up the ick factor for the general populace. To make matters worse, if the Rockets actually did step up and make it to the Finals, or even worse, win a ring? The level of public scorn would rise to intense levels. The good news, though? All the wailing and gnashing of teeth by the general public that would follow LeBron and Houston winning it all? The outcry of resentment and unfairness and hope that the big bad Rockets might lose the next one? Well, those are the perks of being The Bad Guy.
For life on Earth, carbon is king. All organisms build their cells from carbon-based molecules. Scientists and science fiction authors have long speculated that because silicon atoms bond to other atoms in a manner similar to carbon, silicon could form the basis of an alternative biochemistry of life. Yet even though silicon is widely available on Earth and makes up 28% of the planet's crust (versus 0.03% for carbon), the element is almost entirely absent from life's chemistry.
That may soon change. Researchers reported in San Diego, California, this week at the semiannual meeting of the American Chemical Society that they have evolved a bacterial enzyme that efficiently incorporates silicon into simple hydrocarbons—a first for life. Down the road, organisms able to incorporate silicon into their cells could lead to a novel biochemistry for life, although for now creating actual silicon-based creatures (like the Horta from Star Trek, pictured) remains a long way off.
To get biology to adopt silicon, Frances Arnold, a chemist at the California Institute of Technology (Caltech) in Pasadena, along with postdoctoral assistant Jennifer Kan and graduate student Rusty Lewis, started by isolating a so-called thermophilic bacterium, which grows in hot springs. Like many organisms, the bacterium contains an enzyme called cytochrome c, which shuttles electrons to other proteins, making it widely useful in biochemistry. In some cases, however, enzymes in thermophilic bacteria expand their roles to carry out other reactions on the side. So the Caltech researchers tested their microbe and found that in rare cases its cytochrome c also added silicon to hydrocarbons.
In nature, Arnold notes, cytochrome c's silicon-adding ability is so feeble that it's probably just a byproduct of the enzyme's function—not even close to its primary role. To try to beef it up, the team incubated the bacteria with silicon and carbon compounds and selected the organisms that produced the most hydrocarbons that incorporated silicon. After only three rounds of this artificial selection, the enzymes had evolved to churn out silicon-containing hydrocarbons 2000 times as readily as natural cytochrome c. “The power of evolution really shows up when a new function appears and then is forced to adapt via directed evolution,” Arnold says.
For now, the silicon-spiked hydrocarbon compounds, called organosilanes, probably aren't useful either to the bacteria or to industry. They're short and stubby, unlike the long chainlike versions that chemical companies make for uses such as adhesives, caulks, and sealants.
Nevertheless, Joseph DeSimone, a chemist at the University of North Carolina, Chapel Hill, who saw Arnold present her results at the meeting, called the results “amazing” and said they open new vistas for chemistry. Arnold notes that living organisms specialize in carrying out complex chemistry at moderate temperatures and pressures, making them ideal for use as green chemical factories. So someday, evolved microbes may be able to produce complex silicon-based materials, such as those used in adhesives, using only a fraction of the energy chemical companies require today.
Taking the bigger leap to produce silicon-based life like Star Trek's Horta remains a far more distant prospect. But now that scientists have a toehold, Arnold says, it will be fun to see what they can do with it. “Now, we have the opportunity to bring silicon into life.”
Adam McQuaid says the NHL culture now allows players to be a little more open about espousing their faith.
He used to keep it hidden. Even many of his teammates — those Adam McQuaid spent years playing with, protecting, avenging — didn't know. He only recently reached the point that when asked what he has done on unencumbered Sundays, he mentions church.
He used to leave that out.
There were hints: the cross dangling from a chain around his neck, the black rubber encircling his wrist with “I am second” in white. He said little about it, even as he drew closer to his religion in recent seasons as illness and injuries interfered with his career.
Advertisement
“I know that there are other guys on the team that do the same thing,” McQuaid said. “I've kind of come to a point where if someone's going to ask me, I'm going to be honest.”
Get Sports Headlines in your inbox: The most recent sports headlines delivered to your inbox every morning. Sign Up Thank you for signing up! Sign up for more newsletters here
While spirituality is on display in other professional sports — with pitchers' fingers pointing skyward, tattooed crosses adorning NBA arms, words of divine praise in postgame sideline interviews — that's not the case in hockey. In the NHL, religion is mostly omitted from the conversation, God left unsaid.
Now McQuaid is saying it, softly, hesitatingly: faith.
. . .
Just before the Christmas break, McQuaid sits in a back room on the ninth floor of TD Garden, talking about faith in bashful, sometimes rambling tones. He is not used to revealing this part of himself.
Advertisement
He glances toward ice he cannot see. The Bruins are playing the Nashville Predators that evening, and on that ice, coincidentally, is Mike Fisher, one of the NHL's more outspoken players concerning faith. He is a rarity.
“Because they know it's a kind of little bit against the hockey culture,” Fisher said.
That culture has evolved, albeit slightly. When Laurie Boschman played from 1979-93, hockey ranged from standoffish to downright distrustful of religion. Even now, it's not always easy to reveal to teammates willing to mock your every move or to a not-always-friendly front office.
When Vancouver's Dan Hamhuis debuted with the Predators in 2003, however, he came into a dressing room friendly to those of faith. He was comfortable, he said, and “not afraid if it came up that I was going to be exposed.”
Exposed?
Advertisement
“In a hockey dressing room if you do anything out of the norm you're going to get called out on it, whether it's a funny hat you wear, a new pair of shoes, or a bad haircut,” said Hamhuis. “So you're always kind of on guard and aware of yourself. In matters of faith, it could be something that guys might give you a hard time about, and if you're not real mature in your faith, you might not be comfortable defending it.”
‘In a hockey dressing room if you do anything out of the norm you're going to get called out on it . . . In matters of faith, it could be something that guys might give you a hard time about, and if you're not real mature in your faith, you might not be comfortable defending it.' --Dan Hamhuis, Canucks defenseman
Because of this, faith can be a closely guarded secret in the NHL. Shane Doan, the captain of the Arizona Coyotes and another out-and-proud Christian, had no idea that McQuaid is part of his tribe. “What?” he says, when told about McQuaid. “No way.”
. . .
The usual explanation is straightforward: The NHL is a league of mostly Canadians and Europeans, cultures that don't have the enthusiasm for religion found in the American south, whose sons populate the NFL, NBA, and Major League Baseball.
Those leagues have institutionalized religion in a way the NHL seemingly never will. It is understood that their faith has a home, and a guide, and a place to pray.
It is so ingrained in the NBA, where all teams hold joint chapel services before games with the home team's chaplain, that it made news in 2013 when the Los Angeles Clippers held a rivalry-fueled separate session without the Golden State Warriors.
Hamhuis has heard stories about these services. That “would be unheard of in hockey. You know, some coaches won't even allow it or GMs won't even allow it in the arena [in the NHL]. So it's kind of funny how it works like that,” he said.
It's a fact that chafes some in hockey, that some teams across the league will spoon-feed their players everything else — providing real estate agents and equipment reps, recommending tailors and car services, even taking rookies to the grocery store to demonstrate a proper diet — but won't provide them with the option of a chaplain or a service.
Twenty-three of the 30 NHL franchises have some form of chapel, according to Hockey Ministries International. However, when all teams were surveyed by the Globe, only two-thirds with a program acknowledged having one. The rest have players who meet off-site without management's involvement.
The Bruins are among the clubs that do not sponsor a chapel. General manager Peter Chiarelli said that under his watch, no player has ever asked to have a program.
“I go to church on Sundays. Guys find a way to practice their faith,” said Chiarelli, who is Catholic. He believes the Bruins fall somewhere in the middle of those organizations that openly embrace religion and those that shun it.
“If anyone asks, we would accommodate them,” Chiarelli said. “My personal philosophy is I respect everyone's faith and their right to practice it, just like mine. If I'm on the road, sometimes I try and find a church. Maybe that's old school, but that's where we stand on it.”
Boston, like most NHL clubs, has a program at the AHL level, which McQuaid frequented during his time in Providence. He and former teammate Jarome Iginla talked about starting one with the Bruins last season but never approached management, believing they would be better served broaching the subject at the start of a season. It did not happen this year.
Typically, chapel services occur on non-game days and vary depending on the size of the group and the chaplain. As Dan Edwards, the former chaplain for the Philadelphia Flyers' AHL affiliate, described it, “We don't solicit. We're just available for the guys who want to get together.”
Edwards said his services lasted approximately five minutes, with words about faith and selections from the Bible. “Everybody loves playing for a great coach because a great coach will make you better, and God's a great coach that will make you better at life — simple, simple, simple stuff,” Edwards said, though other chapel leaders use services to discuss heavier topics.
While the number of chapel programs across the NHL has risen, several players said they doubt it will ever encompass every team. There are some still wary of religion's effects.
“It seems so archaic that we're actually having this conversation?” asks Hall of Famer Mike Gartner. “No kidding.”
. . .
When Gartner played in the NHL from 1979-98, any sign of religion raised eyebrows and hackles in equal measure. Gartner said he never really felt the effects, courtesy of having enough skill to score 708 career goals. But many others did.
“There was a thinking that maybe if Laurie Boschman is a Christian, he might be soft and maybe he wouldn't want to go in the corner and battle and maybe he wouldn't battle for his teammates,” Boschman said.
That wasn't all. Boschman, who played 14 seasons with five NHL clubs, said that when he was with Toronto, then-Maple Leafs owner Harold Ballard accused his faith of being “a divisive thing in the dressing room.”
“And I think this kind of attitudes are still there — hockey is a physical sport, there's no place for religion in hockey, those kinds of things,” said Boschman, who is now the NHL chapel coordinator for Hockey Ministries International, which aims to impart a “Christian message of hope” and support spiritual needs in the worldwide hockey community.
“I think they're changing dramatically and have changed, the attitudes of, say, the younger general managers,” he said. “Yet I still find there is resistance by some executives to embrace that on behalf of their players because maybe they feel threatened.”
When there is interest and players ask — not always easy for younger players or those with precarious contract situations — some teams provide space, usually an unused room. But it is only in the last 15 years, Boschman said, that teams have allowed chapel programs within their spaces, and some teams are still reluctant. In contrast, all major league baseball teams had a chapel program by 1975, according to Baseball Chapel.
“Some teams will see it as advantageous as opposed to being confrontational,” Boschman said. “But there are some teams that don't think that there's a place for that in hockey.”
There is in Dallas, where Stars general manager Jim Nill, a former Bruin, begins the year with a meeting in which he brings in the chaplains and introduces them. He explains his faith. He shares with his team, something that leaves players around the league shaking their heads in wonder.
“I think it's getting a little more open-minded,” said Nill, a nondenominational Christian. “You see it in college, they're doing it more with hockey teams. It's getting there.
“I think eventually everybody is going to have it. I'm lucky I've been exposed to it now and have a strong faith, so it's easy for me to say, ‘Why not have it?' But I understand some people don't [believe that]. Everybody is on a different journey.”
. . .
It is not hard to find an NHL player for whom religion is barely a thought, the antithesis of Doan or Hamhuis or McQuaid. The words of one NHL veteran, who asked to remain anonymous in discussing such a sensitive topic, are tinged with distaste, not for religion itself but for those in other sports who wear theirs on their sleeves. And he's not alone in his beliefs.
The perception, from him and others, is that it can be self-serving, and that those who are the most vocal can sometimes be the least godly. There can be a look-at-me nature to religion in other sports, something that is generally anathema to the typical hockey player.
Still, among the religious there is the hint of envy at those in other sports, with their freedom to proclaim their faith. McQuaid mentions that he has read three of former NFL coach Tony Dungy's books and calls them “a big eye-opener for me.” Next will come Los Angeles pitcher Clayton Kershaw's “Arise,” about living out dreams while living within his faith. McQuaid wants to see how they approach life and their sports from the foundation that informs them.
McQuaid has read former Heisman Trophy winner Tim Tebow's “Through My Eyes,” a book by an athlete who inspires praise from several hockey players for the way he carries himself, and his beliefs.
“I recognize that there aren't a lot of people that are like him, and a disingenuous kind of feel sometimes comes across [with others],” Doan said of Tebow. “I'd prefer a much more genuine feel, of I'm not just going to say it, I'm going to walk it and I'm going to talk it. There's got to be a genuine kind of feel about it.”
Plus there's this dimension, posited by Doan, who is so involved that he runs the Coyotes' chapel services himself: “The reason I think that faith isn't as big a part of hockey as maybe other [sports] is the men in hockey are good men. I really do.
“Sometimes good people don't necessarily believe they need faith. You know, I'm good enough. I think there's an element to that, and I understand. There's just really a lot of good men in hockey.”
. . .
As soon as his alarm rings in the morning, McQuaid grabs his iPhone and scrolls through his apps. He clicks on a black square with a fish icon detailed in sky blue and finds the morning's devotional waiting for him.
There is not always time for church, given the NHL's demands. But this app, “Daily Bible Devotion,” with its new prayer each morning and night, is always at hand. He repeats the ritual before bed.
“It brings me a lot of comfort in a world of a lot of uncertainty,” McQuaid said. “In general, but especially in hockey, there are so many variables that can happen, with injuries — you're here one day, you hope you're here tomorrow.
“Things like that could weigh on you if you wanted that to be the case. I think I had said to you something about that everything happens for a reason, something along those lines. I try and take that out of every situation.”
This is how he survived his last few seasons, the blood clot near his collarbone, the quadriceps and ankle injuries, the broken thumb. McQuaid's hockey life is one that seems perpetually interrupted, his body betraying him at the most inopportune times.
He rededicated himself in the fog of doctor appointments and rehab, with pains and aches dragging on his mind and his career. This, he thought, maybe this is the reason I've had to go through all of this. Maybe it was to bring me closer to my faith.
He had been raised in the Catholic Church, his mother gathering her children in the mornings to pray in a circle over a test, a worry, a niggling fear. She would say a prayer for each one of them, for McQuaid, his brother, and his sister. There was comfort in her words. There still is.
. . .
It is a few minutes past 11 a.m. on Jan. 18, when McQuaid climbs the stairs to the gallery at the suburban church he began attending more than a year ago. Before that, he had bounced around — St. Stephen's in the North End, St. Joseph's in the West End.
But this nondenominational church fit him. It seemed “like what I needed at that time when I was going through what I was going through,” when injuries had crushed him yet again and cost him most of the 2013-14 season.
At the start of the service, the congregation is encouraged to greet those in the seats near, to shake a hand or two. The man sitting one row behind McQuaid reaches out, looks in McQuaid's eyes. “Basketball? Take an elbow to the face?” he asks, noting the blackened left eye and the stitches on the cheekbone.
McQuaid shakes the man's hand. “Something like that,” he says.
More Sunday features:
■ Dupont: Fenway Park's time has come and gone
■ Ryan: Despite football mania, baseball still tops in this guy's book
Amalie Benjamin can be reached at abenjamin@globe.com . Follow her on Twitter @amaliebenjamin
The "Use At Your Own Risk We Are Not Held Liable" Contract Generator
Hey all, a long time ago, Reddit user surfwax95 was so kind as to post a kick-ass sample contract for other web guys to use. I mentioned turning it into a template based document other's could use for their web clients. I know it's been awhile, but I'm deliverying 3 years later. (Got busy and what not.)
Enjoy! If you have any questions/suggestions, shoot me a PM.
Oh, and this whole form and text section won't show when you print it.
Here is a sample of the printed contract.
Fill Out This Form
Contract Date
Contract Day
Contract Month
Contract Year
Your Information
Name or Business
Street Address
City
State
Zip
County
Client Information
Contact Name
Business Name
Phone
Fax
Email
Current Website
Street Address
City
State
Zip
Additional CSS
Add your own style here, i.e. "body {font:normal normal 12px Verdana}"
Customizable Blocks
Payment plan
30% upon signing of contract
30% after first stage of site is completed and approved
remaining balance due upon completion, but prior to exchange of final product
"Stages" you want to use to complete work
William Blake once wrote that “To create a little flower is the labor of ages.” To create a monster out of little flowers, well… you can leave that to the Dutch.
Every year, the town of Zundert, once the hometown of Vincent Van Gogh, hosts a renowned flower parade, or Bloemencorso, that boasts some of the world's most spectacular flower-made floats.
The parade pits village against village as 20 local hamlets compete to become the region's foremost flower-float-fabricators; their only rule? All of the floats must be made of dahlias.
Working within these rules means that slapping a few flowers on your old truck the night before and sending it off into the world is simply not an option. Each float is the end product of months of work, by hundreds of people voluntarily sorting tens of thousands of flowers in dusty festival tents. Of course, they'll be the first to tell you that the Bloemencorso is about more than flowers and glory. According to the parade's official website, “It's about solidarity, passion and emotion at the different hamlets. And about beer and frikandellen.”
While this year's parade is over, you haven't missed your chance to experience the excitement. You can check a video below of this year's parade.
Photos Credited to Bloemencorso Zandert
Parliamentary joint committee on intelligence and security deeply divided over legislation, which leading lawyers deem to be unconstitutional
A parliamentary committee has deferred for the second time its report on the government's controversial new laws allowing dual nationals to be stripped of Australian citizenship, after leading lawyers said they were unconstitutional and “in no fit state to be passed”.
Innocent Australians risk getting caught up in laws to strip citizenship – expert Read more
Tony Abbott has said the government has advice “from various sources” that the bill “minimises constitutional risk”. When Labor initially questioned the constitutionality of the move, the prime minister accused it of “rolling out the red carpet” for terrorists who want to come back to Australia.
The immigration department told the parliamentary joint committee on intelligence and security, which is considering the bills, that it had legal advice on the legislation from the solicitor general, but refused to release it.
The committee is understood to be deeply divided over its recommendations about the legislation. It was originally scheduled to report last week, then on Friday and will now report next Wednesday.
After being publicly mooted for more than a year, the plan to strip citizenship was presented to the cabinet in May without a formal submission and prompted a furious disagreement, which was comprehensively leaked.
Now leading constitutional lawyers and peak legal organisations have lined up before the committee to attack the changes, contained in the Australian citizenship amendment (allegiance to Australia) bill 2015.
The commonwealth ombudsman and the Australian Bar Association have described as “legal fiction” the idea that citizenship can be revoked “automatically” in a “declaration” without contravening the constitutional separation of powers between the executive and the judiciary.
Constitutional lawyer George Williams has described the Abbott government's bill to strip citizenship from dual nationals as “one of the most poorly drafted” he has seen and warned it would catch many Australians who have “nothing to do with terrorism”.
Anne Twomey, professor of constitutional law at the University of Sydney, said it was “a consequence of making policy on the run and pursuing thought bubbles and soundbites without having first sought and received considered legal advice and without taking adequate time to work through the complexities and consequences of the proposed law”.
Queensland teenager Oliver Bridgeman denies joining al-Qaida affiliate in Syria Read more
The committee has received some extra information from the Department of Immigration and Border Protection as it tries to finalise its report.
According to the supplementary advice, an Australian dual national who was overseas and had their citizenship revoked and believed this was unjustified, could “seek local legal assistance to apply for judicial review”.
The department was also asked to clarify whether humanitarian workers could have their citizenship stripped under the bill, which targets those who are fighting with or “in the service of” a terrorist organisation.
The immigration department said any “helpful” activity offered willingly could be seen as “in the service of” a terrorist group, suggesting a humanitarian group that treats the wounded on the basis of need rather than allegiance could be caught up.
“The bill does not define the term ‘in the service of'... In the Macquarie Dictionary ‘service' is an act of helpful activity or the supplying of any articles, commodities, activities etc, required or demanded,” the department replied.
“As the explanatory memorandum to the bill explains, in this context the term ‘in the service of' is intended to cover acts done by persons willingly and is not meant to cover acts done by a person against their will (for example, an innocent kidnapped person) or the unwitting supply of goods (for example, the provision of goods following online orders by innocent persons).
“A person who is unwittingly or unknowingly aiding and providing assistance to a terrorist organisation will not be acting ‘in the service of' a terrorist organisation.”
Click on the image for movie of
Soft Collision
The moon Prometheus slowly collides with the diffuse inner edge of Saturn's F ring in this movie sequence of Cassini images. The oblong moon pulls a streamer of material from the ring and leaves behind a dark channel.
Once during its 14.7-hour orbit of Saturn, Prometheus (102 kilometers, or 63 miles across) reaches the point in its elliptical path, called apoapse, where it is the farthest away from Saturn and closest to the F ring. At this point, Prometheus' gravity is just strong enough to draw a "streamer" of material out of the core region of the F ring.
Initially the dust-sized material drawn away from the ring appears to form a streamer pointing ahead of Prometheus in its orbit. (All orbital motion is towards the right in the movie.) Over time, the streamer falls increasingly farther behind Prometheus because material in the F ring is orbiting slower than the moon. The streamer gets longer and a darker "channel" starts to be seen (to the left of the streamer in the movie).
The creation of such streamers and channels occurs in a cycle that repeats each Prometheus orbit: when Prometheus again reaches apoapse, it draws another streamer of material from the F ring. But since Prometheus orbits faster than the material in the ring, this new streamer is pulled from a different location in the ring about 3.2 degrees (in longitude) ahead of the previous one.
In this way, a whole series of streamer-channels is created along the F ring. In some observations, 10 to 15 streamer-channels can easily be seen in the F ring at one time (see PIA07712). Eventually, a streamer-channel disappears as shearing forces (i.e., Keplerian shear) act to disperse the constituent dust particles.
The movie shows just under half of a complete streamer-channel cycle. The dark frames in the movie represent the period during which Prometheus and the F ring pass through Saturn's shadow.
The images in the movie were acquired by the Cassini spacecraft narrow-angle camera on Nov. 23 and 24, 2006. The movie sequence consists of 72 clear spectral filter images taken every 10.5 minutes over a period of about 12.5 hours.
The original images were cropped to show only the region around Prometheus and the nearby portion of the F ring. The movie covers the region between 138,000 and 142,000 kilometers (86,000 and 88,000 miles) radially from Saturn and 1 degree in longitude from Prometheus on each side. Each frame was reprojected such that the vertical axis represents distance from Saturn and the horizontal axis represents longitude around Saturn. Image scale is 10 kilometers (6 miles) per pixel in the vertical direction; the images cover 0.005 degrees of longitude in the horizontal direction. Because of the reprojection, the F ring appears straight, rather than slightly curved, as it otherwise would.
Since the F ring has an elliptical shape, its radial distance from Saturn varies by about 1,000 kilometers (620 miles) around the ring. This accounts for the apparent vertical movement of the ring over the course of the movie. Only a very small part of the ring appears in each of the reprojected frames, so the difference in the ring's radial distance from left to right across any single frame is small enough as to be effectively unnoticeable.
The Cassini-Huygens mission is a cooperative project of NASA, the European Space Agency and the Italian Space Agency. The Jet Propulsion Laboratory, a division of the California Institute of Technology in Pasadena, manages the mission for NASA's Science Mission Directorate, Washington, D.C. The Cassini orbiter and its two onboard cameras were designed, developed and assembled at JPL. The imaging operations center is based at the Space Science Institute in Boulder, Colo.
For more information about the Cassini-Huygens mission visit http://saturn.jpl.nasa.gov/home/index.cfm. The Cassini imaging team homepage is at http://ciclops.org.
Over the Labour Day long weekend, I tried my hand at prospecting in Nunavut. My friend, Lou, had taken the Nunavut Prospectors Program offered by the Department of Economic Development and Transportation, and invited me to be part of his Prospecta Incognita exploration team. He must have known I have an affinity for rocks. He could not have known I have spent hours of my life memorizing minerals in my undergraduate Earth and Ocean Sciences class. For both of those reasons, I was clearly in. Lou had taken the Introduction to Prospecting Course, which is available to any Nunavummiut who is interested in learning the basic skills needed to explore for minerals. The course is delivered by Government of Nunavut geologists in different communities on a rotating basis. Once you've taken the course, you too can apply for program funding and receive up to $8,000 per year to help pay for wages, materials, and supplies when looking for minerals.
So on a misty morning in Iqaluit, our fearless team of five set out on a grand adventure about 100 kilometers down Frobisher Bay. Over the following days, we explored parts of Nunavut that few people ever get the chance to visit. We climbed epic mountains and gathered various samples. We forged new friendships and fostered old ones. We had an incredible time doing so.
Here's how you can do it, too:
1) Get informed (by taking the Prospecting Course) and funded (through the Prospectors Program)
Let's start with the perpetual calendar. Lange has produced perpetual calendars before (even a Rattrapante Perpetual), so here we are getting a very finely tuned complication. The display is different though than with previous renditions. All four years worth of months, as well as the leap-year indicator itself, are contained in the subdial at 12 o'clock, while the day of the week is off the the left and the date off to the right. Down at 6 o'clock is the moonphase, nested inside the flying seconds.
There are cases to be made for and against displaying the months in this way. While the larger subdial does make it relatively legible, it's certainly not as easy to read as a subdial with only 12 months. But, on the other hand, there is something poetic about seeing the entire cycle. But, unlike most perpetual calendars that use these hand-and-register displays, the markings do not drift by continuously. Only the moonphase is in slow, constant motion – the other indications all jump instantaneously at midnight, yet another way in which the Grand Complication shatters expectations.
A new rodent study finds that even low-dose exposures to bisphenol A — a hormone-mimicking chemical that leaches out of many plastics and food-can liners — can provoke changes during pregnancy that are bad for both moms and their male offspring.
The new data indicate that BPA is a “possible risk factor for gestational diabetes, type 2 diabetes and even cardiovascular disease associated with metabolic syndrome,” authors of the report say. Metabolic syndrome, which may affect up to one-third of adults, consists of a constellation of prediabetic symptoms that can include elevated blood pressure, higher levels of harmful LDL cholesterol and increases in the length of time fats circulate in the blood (SN: 4/8/00, p. 236).
In mice, the new study reports, exposure to BPA during mid- through late pregnancy impaired blood-glucose regulation. The change probably wouldn't be considered outright gestational diabetes, but it was certainly
0 out of 4 stars Name America Location 325 Bay Street, Toronto, Ontario Phone 416-637-5550 Website americarestaurant.ca Cuisine American Vegetarian Friendly? Yes Accessible true Drinks A deep, well-chosen wine list, with options for most budgets; expensive cocktails. Atmosphere A “high class” Russian nightclub, at the heart of Bay Street. Recommendations Foie gras flapjacks, hams and pickles, goat cheese soufflé, pork loin, lobster, lamb, ravioli, “little desserts.”
This article from our archives was published in November 2014.
Greg, at the bar, is complaining about Toronto. You need to make at least a million a year to be comfortable in the city, he announces. Greg is in his upper 40s, by the look of it. He says he's in finance. He's brought the new girl from the office with him, a kind young thing named Julie who only recently moved to Toronto, who is maybe half his age. Julie's drunk, but she isn't stupid. Julie keeps rolling her eyes.
Greg has an ex and a kid, he says, but he "got off" paying just $200,000 in yearly support. And anyway, Greg adds, à propos of lord knows what, Greg makes $10-million annually. He's the sort of patron you'd pay that much to never have to sit beside. At America, the tacky, new-money restaurant on the 31st floor of the Trump International Hotel and Tower Toronto, a guy like Greg no doubt feels right at home.
Story continues below advertisement
The female bar staff here wear the shortest uniforms I've ever seen in a restaurant, anywhere. (The male staff wear regular clothing.) One of them stops every few minutes to yank her skirt bottom down, so it more completely covers her. It's not sexy. It's degrading. Her face is blank and white.
America's management calls its bottle-service staff "our team of stunning 'America girls.'" Young, leering men and old leering suits pour into America in the evenings. If you build it, creeps will come.
There are bouncers, naturally: bored, wide faces chewing gum aggressively. The bathroom attendant in the men's room has an old face. He doesn't seem to speak a lot of Englishes. He crinkles a handful of foil gum packets and palms a cologne bottle. He is competent, at least – he turns the taps on and off like a champion. I give him a five for my guilt, for his empty servitude. He is far more competent than many of the wait staff out in the dining room. There is servitude everywhere at America, but good service is remarkably hard to find.
America opened this summer, a replacement for Stock, a restaurant so unimaginative that its logo was an S with a fork through it, like a dollar sign. The only time I ate dinner at Stock, the crab legs came out frozen in their middles. The Trump people called in Charles Khabouth of Ink Entertainment (Patria, Byblos, La Société), as well as the Oliver & Bonacini group (Canoe, to name just one), to remake the place.
Their remake aims to be both a fine-dining restaurant and a resto-lounge, which is a fancy way of saying that it's expensive and it turns into a nightclub some evenings, complete with the DJ and the velvet rope. As for the name, it's meant to signify "confidence" and "boldness," just like America – get it? Being there, one preopening press release promised, would be "Like eating your way across Route 66 by way of private jet."
One evening, a Wednesday last month, we had ordered the $58 lobster Rockefeller and a $37 plate of milk-fed pork, as well as a bunch of appetizers. The appetizers arrived and we started in on them. And then roughly four minutes later the mains arrived, too. One of the servers kept referring to the lobster as "Henry" – as in, "How is Henry?" and, "Are you finished working on Henry?" I guess he thought it was funny. Henry became work as soon as that server gave it a name.
My tablemate ordered a bottle of wine, a $160 Savennières, but the server had never heard of it, and so my tablemate had to search the wine list to find it and to physically point it out. They kept the bottle at a waiter's station, so we couldn't refill our own wine glasses. Our glasses sat empty while we worked on Henry and the pork; I had to flag somebody down and explain to him what wine we were drinking to get a top-up. None of this should ever happen in a restaurant, let alone a restaurant where the average entrée price is $45.
Story continues below advertisement
Story continues below advertisement
The second time I ate at America, I tried to check in at the hostess stand when I arrived. The two women working there were having a conversation between themselves, not two feet in front of me. They didn't look up. It was as if I didn't exist. This continued for most of a minute. Awkward.
I told them the reservation name; they said the rest of my party hadn't arrived yet. They showed me to the table.
I waited 20, then 30 minutes. My friends didn't show. I couldn't reach them. I apologized to my server and said, "I don't know where my friends are." Finally I ordered dinner for myself. Forty minutes after I'd arrived, my friends found me. They'd got to the restaurant before I had, and checked themselves in. The hostesses had told them they'd send me over when I arrived. They had been there all along, waiting at the bar. It was as if nobody had ever worked in a real restaurant before.
"Experience America, the grand indulgence – with commanding views of Toronto's glittering skyline after dark, its lavish service, exquisite cocktails and decadent food," says another bit of the restaurant's publicity material. At least the "decadent food" part is true.
The food, overseen by the Oliver & Bonacini company's Anthony Walsh and executed by the up-and-coming chef Bill Osborne, is the most incongruous thing about America. It's inventive and smart, populist and beautiful to look at.
A dish as simple as a hams and pickles plate here is complex and beautifully turned out, stacked with good house sourdough, sweet, excellent corn bread, ox eye daisy capers, pickled milkweed pods and cattail hearts – all of them delicious – and terrific ham. The "foie gras flapjacks," too, are so much better than that may sound. They're big, tender buckwheat crepes soused with birch syrup and preserved peaches, peanut crumble and a thick slice of seared, fat-candied lobe.
Story continues below advertisement
The lobster Rockefeller – Henry – was worth its price and then some. One of the garnishes on the excellent plate of milk-fed pork was a buttery Granny Smith apple purée that tasted like tarte tatin, but was formed into trompe l'oeil apple slices, complete with the (fake) green peel and all. The $56 lamb rack was superb; the roasted scallop jambalaya a rare fail – oversalted. The desserts – fun and tasty. Mr. Osborne will go far. He'll go far, far away from America, I hope.
The two women I was with that night rescued Julie from the bar and brought her to our table. Greg had left, she said; she'd told him to go to hell. She was slurring her words, enthusing about Stanley Kubrick, trying to explain the plot to Barry Lyndon.
Julie loved the desserts. They were the first real food she'd eaten that evening. We paid the bill and packed her into the elevator and put her in a taxi. She didn't belong in America. And neither do you.
Our ratings
No stars: Not recommended.
* Good, but won't blow a lot of people's minds.
Story continues below advertisement
** Very good, with some standout qualities.
*** Excellent, well above average with few caveats, if any.
**** Extraordinary, memorable, original with near-perfect execution.
The 32-year-old makes way after failing to feature under new boss Brendan Rodgers.
Kris Commons (left) is yet to feature under new boss Brendan Rodgers. SNS Group
Kris Commons has been left out of Celtic's squad for the UEFA Champions League play-off tie with Hapoel Be'er Sheva.
The 32-year-old, who is yet to feature for new manager Brendan Rodgers, had been on the club's list for the previous two qualifiers against Lincoln Red Imps and Astana.
New signing Scott Sinclair and defender Dedryck Boyata have been added to the squad ahead of the first leg at Celtic Park on Wednesday, August 17.
Celtic are also hedging their bets on the fitness of Patrick Roberts by including him in their selection.
The on-loan Manchester City forward is expected to be out for both legs with a hamstring injury, but his inclusion opens up the chance of him making a surprise appearance.
The omission of Commons and Darnell Fisher, who is expected to leave on loan, frees up an additional space should Rodgers make another signing ahead of the first match.
UEFA rules allow clubs to add one "wildcard" player to their pool up until 11pm on the night before their first leg.
Eoghan O'Connell and Kieran Tierney, who have both featured prominently in the qualifying campaign so far, are not in Celtic's main squad.
Products of the club's youth system, both are instead named on List B, which is reserved for young players, freeing up room for other players on the main list.
Celtic play-off round squad (List A)
Kristoffer Ajer
Efe Ambrose
Stuart Armstrong
Nir Bitton
Dedryck Boyata
Scott Brown
Ryan Christie
Nadir Ciftci
Moussa Dembele
Leonardo Fasan
James Forrest
Craig Gordon
Leigh Griffiths
Emilio Izaguirre
Saidy Janko
Stefan Johansen
Mikael Lustig
Callum McGregor
Anthony Ralston
Patrick Roberts
Tom Rogic
Scott Sinclair
Erik Sviatchenko
Kolo Toure
Celtic play-off round squad (List B)
New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie made a huge impression at Israel's Western Wall yesterday during his first official overseas trip as head of the Garden State.
Christie, wearing a yarmulke with his name and title embroidered on it, brought his political heft to the holiest Jewish site in Jerusalem, where he laid his hands on the rough-hewn stone, his eyes shut in prayer.
Surrounded by a throng of rabbis and onlookers, Christie downplayed suggestions that the trip to Israel is intended to raise his political prospects back home.
“Anything I do fuels speculation for a future bid,” Christie told The Associated Press.
“I am here because this is a place of enormous significance in the world.”
Christie's brief visit to what has been called the Wailing Wall highlighted his growing popularity. Tourists stopped to shake his hand and pose for pictures. He even held a 6-month-old baby for one photo.
The rabbi of the holy site, who gave him a personal tour, was quick to point out that politicians who visit tend to win elections.
Christie — who declined to run for the White House this year, despite entreaties by Republican activists — endorsed fellow GOPer Mitt Romney for president last fall.
And the pugnacious Jersey governor is mentioned as a potential Romney running-mate, or a 2016 presidential candidate if President Obama is re-elected.
In that context, political observers see Christie's Mideast visit as laying the groundwork for a future run. He has not indicated whether he will seek re-election as governor next year.
Israel is a popular stop for American politicians seeking to bolster their international credibility while also appealing to Jewish constituents.
Earlier, Christie met Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu. The governor said the two had a “really good and fruitful discussion” about regional issues, including Iran's disputed nuclear program and expanding trade between Israel and New Jersey.
There was “never any question about where we were coming first,” Christie told Netanyahu.
He will travel to Jordan later this week for meetings with King Abdullah II.
Christie's trip, billed “Jersey to Jerusalem,” is a trade and diplomacy mission, according to his office. The meeting with Netanyahu was the first in a series of talks with senior Israeli business and political leaders, including President Shimon Peres today.
Christie's spokeswoman, Maria Comella, rejected suggestions that he was positioning himself for a run for national office, either this year or in 2016.
She said it's “a common tradition for New Jersey governors to go to Israel” because of the state's economic links to Israel.
The survey results show gaping class divisions, but also an opportunity for change
The small matter of a referendum on the UK's relationship with the EU, and its subsequent political fallout, has trumped all else that is newsworthy.
Which is a shame because Thursday saw the publication of NatCen Social Research's British Social Attitudes Survey (BSA) – and it contains a lot of very interesting information.
For example more than three out of four people in 2015 (when the survey took place) felt that the class divide in the UK is ‘very' or ‘fairly' wide.
This is combined with the fact that 60 per cent pf Britons today consider themselves to be working class – which is exactly the same proportion as did in 1983 when the BSA began, a year before the miners' strike.
I believe this is very significant. It's very easy to be carried away and over-hyped about the current socio-political situation in the UK, but it does feel like we're living through interesting times.
Indeed some feel, from either side of the EU debate-divide, that the Leave vote is an expression of disillusionment with the status quo, boiled up and delivered in a way that has put the frighteners on the establishment – both political and financial.
The enemy of the working man back in 1984 was very clear; the lack of a credible plan to help to work people weather huge economic and employment changes resulted in a historic fight on class lines.
While nothing too significant has actually happened yet since last Thursday, the uncertainty of the next few years (and weeks and months) makes you wonder what awaits us.
The enemy of the working man is a lot more subtle today. What the BSA shows – bringing this all full circle – is that inequality is real and those at the bottom of the pile know it full well.
It is equally interesting that nearly three out of four people believe it is ‘fairly' or ‘very' difficult to move between classes, a rise from 65 per cent in 2005.
Closely related is the correlation found between stress at work and low skilled occupations, as well as the fact that close to one in three of those in semi-routine and routine jobs find work stressful ‘always' or ‘often', up from 19 per cent in 2005.
Despite the fact that the researchers at NatCen Social Research have found social class identity has less to do with how much you earn and more with your familial identity, there is a correlation to be found between moving jobs and the so-called ‘hourglass economy'.
With the labour force today, we see a hollowing-out of middle-wage occupations (where there are increases only in ‘good' and ‘bad' jobs, with few routes out of the latter into the former).
This can be felt along class lines, too. If I begin a job at entry level, no matter how hard I try I will never get a senior level job because there are no jobs to work through on the way to that level.
Increasingly, being poor but upwardly mobile just means trying harder to be poor.
The most useful book in recent times that looks at this issue is by former Left Foot Forward editor James Bloodworth in The Myth of Meritocracy, in which he discusses the lies peddled about social mobility and the untruths sold to working class kids that if you try hard you can be anything you want – forgetting to mention how society and the economy works in exactly the opposite way.
Unfortunately the research published today also finds that 45 per cent of Britons back further cuts in benefits for unemployed people while six out of 10 say there should be a limit on how long people receive unemployment benefit.
This seems particularly pernicious given the degree to which our economic recovery has been built on sand, by which I mean self-employment, zero-hours contracts, and casual employment. Recently my boss Sian Williams, at Toynbee Hall, made this vital observation about the way things are going:
“‘Mainstream' life [is becoming] increasingly unusual. The employment market is shifting away from the kind of permanence we know as normal, towards shorter-term and ever-changing conditions […]
Zero-hours contracts are increasingly being used for part-time employment, and thus mainly affect people who either need to work part-time for educational or caring reasons, or who are ‘blending' different forms of income […]
The data also shows that self-employment is likely to be both an alternative to long-term unemployment among all income ranges and a top-up option for those who are past the formal retirement age.
Consequently, there will be a growing population who do not have a single job with a monthly salary, and who increasingly rely on irregular and unpredictable work as their main source of income”.
Mainstream life is becoming unusual and people's financial lives more precarious. The welfare system is a safety net; but the perception of it being so is becoming lost.
Though, on the plus side 45 per cent of those surveyed back an increase in taxation and public spending, which as has been found is back at pre-crash levels and its highest point for a decade.
Austerity from the top – causing major inequality between nations and individuals – is clearly being rejected. And consciousness is being raised.
The factors that got us to this point should give us reason to be scornful, but surely there is an opportunity here waiting in the wings.”
Carl Packman is a contributing editor to Left Foot Forward and the author of Loansharks: The rise and rise of payday lending
URGENT APPEAL: We need to raise £10,000 in the next few weeks to keep holding the right to account. Help us build a better media and back the crowdfunder to keep Left Foot Forward's progressive journalism alive.
Josh Duggar resurfaced to get some free grub on Tuesday, and he was joined by a large group of family and friends.
Josh hasn't appeared in any of his family's social media photos since returning home from a six-month stay at a Christian treatment facility, but the former 19 Kids and Counting star can be seen showing off a hastily-made cow costume in an Instagram photo snapped by a friend of the Duggar family. On July 12, Sierra Jo Dominguez shared a photo of Josh Duggar posing with his wife Anna, their four children, a few of Josh's younger siblings, a large group of friends, and a Chick-fil-A cow.
https://www.instagram.com/p/BHx7lI3DX1Y/?taken-by=sierrajodominguez&hl=en
Sierra is the Duggar family's party planner, and she's appeared in a few episodes of 19 Kids and Counting and Jill & Jessa: Counting On. She's helped organize gender reveal parties, weddings, baby showers, and birthday parties. However, the Duggars aren't partying at Chick-fil-A in the photo above. As Fox News reports, yesterday was Cow Appreciation Day at the fast food chain, meaning that customers who dressed up like cows could score free entrees. Josh and Anna Duggar's cow costumes seemingly consist of nothing more than white T-shirts with black splotches painted on them.
It's no secret that the Duggars are fans of Chick-fil-A. As E! News reports, Jill Duggar loves her Chick-fil-A so much that she believes that the restaurant will exist in heaven. However, chicken nuggets and Polynesian sauce weren't enough to lure Josh Duggar out of hiding for last year's Cow Appreciation Day fast food giveaway. As The Inquisitr reported, Josh was noticeably absent in a photo that showed a heavily pregnant Anna Duggar and their kids posing with a giant inflatable Chick-fil-A cow. Josh likely stayed home because he feared facing the public's wrath; he had recently confessed to sexually molesting four of his younger sisters, so was getting tons of negative press at the time.
Perfect way to celebrate Cow Appreciation Day! #chickfila #freechikin A photo posted by The Duggar Family (@duggarfam) on Jul 14, 2015 at 2:55pm PDT
As soon as things started calming down for the Duggars last summer, another scandal broke; Gawker revealed that Josh Duggar was trying to arrange an extramarital affair using the Ashley Madison website. In response to hackers releasing his Ashley Madison account information, Josh confessed to cheating on his wife. He checked himself into a faith-based treatment facility last August, and he wasn't photographed out in public until late in April. He and his father, Jim Bob Duggar, were at a mini-golf course in Tennessee when a fan asked them to pose for a picture. Some parents were reportedly upset by Josh Duggar's presence at the establishment, so they gathered their kids and left.
The Duggars have not shared any photos of Josh or his siblings at Chick-fil-A on their own social media pages, which may be because they fear that there will be a backlash to them. Josh Duggar is such a controversial figure that he was not included in the last season of Jill & Jessa: Counting On, and the Duggars' habit of taking advantage of freebies has also stirred up controversy in the past. As In Touch Weekly reports, Jessa Duggar was criticized for encouraging fans to send gift cards to her last September. Critics pointed out that the Duggars are reality show stars who are very well-off, so there's no need for them to take advantage of admiring fans who might not be as fortunate. The family was also slammed for taking home 14 dozen free donuts during Krispy Kreme's Talk Like a Pirate Day promotion, and Jessa has admitted that her parents regularly took advantage of kids-eat-free promotions before restaurants put “two children per paying adult” policies in place. In a post on the Seewald Family website, Jessa speculates that her massive family is responsible for This polices. However, Jim Bob and Michelle Duggar found a way to get around them in a 2014 19 Kids and Counting episode.
“Since the policy is one kid/adult, they declare all the older siblings adults so that a whole bunch of them can grift their pizza for free,” an episode recap on Happy Nice Time People reads.
https://www.instagram.com/p/70kpxhrs9X/?taken-by=jillmdillard&hl=en
Do you think it's wrong for Josh Duggar and his reality star family to accept so much free stuff? Sound off below!
[Image via TLC/YouTube]
International Shoe Size Conversion Charts
Adult, Girl's and Boy's Shoe Sizes
Conversion tables for American, Australian, British, Canadian, European, Japanese, Korean, Mexican, Russian, Ukrainian, New Zealand, Inches, Centimeters, Mondopoint shoe sizes
If your little piggies are going to market, these shoe size conversion tables can help. You can use them to convert from the shoe size used in one country or region to the shoesize used in another country or region. However, store and manufacturer practice varies widely. Having studied many published shoe size tables on the net, I would not trust any of them. The best practice I can recommend, if the company allows this, is to place orders in terms of inches, millimeters, or centimeters. You can at least measure your foot and measure the shoe and determine if you received what you ordered. Otherwise, you might encounter a compounded error of the manufacturer having a variation and the store conversion table having a variation which makes the shoe significantly different in size. I also note that tables and companies cite rules which only work for men, or women but not both. But often the tables don't indicate gender or are used for both.
Coming Soon! ShoeSizeGuy.com Shoe sizes get their own web site!
Note: Microsoft Internet Explorer now gives a "security warning" about DHTML used on this page. This page does not install or do anything harmful. It uses Javascript to highlight rows in the conversion table. Microsoft should do a better job of determining when to issue warnings and should clean up its own house before casting stones at others.
Find out about XenCraft's presentation:
My "Shoe Size Web Page" Fetish or How Companies are Losing Money on the Internet
A Quest for Understanding is a nice video from the perspective of a husband of a shoe lover. This comes from BBC's great series on digital storytelling.
The following tables demonstrate another aspect of globalizing products- shoe sizes are not measured in the same units around the world. e-Business applications need to provide users with appropriate units and be clear about which units are being referenced.
I am not responsible for any problems caused by reliance on this table. It's my best guess as to size conversions based on data found elsewhere on the web. I suggest you talk to the vendor or merchant about size conversions before ordering. Note that manufacturers vary on sizing as well. Differences from the values on this page by either plus or minus a size or half-size are not uncommon. In reviewing various tables on the web, I noted many tables with gross mistakes (easily detected by seeing values out of order). Compare the surrounding values in tables you find on-line and determine if they make logical sense, before ordering.
Using the Shoesize Convertors
To use these Shoesize convertors, first choose the adult, boys or girls convertor. Then find the row that represents the region of the world which you want to convert the size from. Let's call this the "FROM" row. Look across the "FROM" row to the size closest in value to the one you want to convert from. Now, in the same converter table, find the row with the sizes of the region that you want to convert to. Let's call this the "TO" row. Finally, by looking straight up and down in the column, that is the same column that has the size you identified in the "FROM" row, find the same column in the "TO" row. The size in this column in the "TO" row is the converted size.
For example, if you are an adult Japanese man, and know your size to be 26, and want to know your Mexican shoe size, then you would look in the adult table at the row labeled "Japan Men". Find the column with a "26". Now look at the row for "Mexico" and look across until you are in the same column as the "Japan Men 26". You should see a "6.5" as your Mexican shoe size.
Please also see the International ShoeSize Chart Notes below and the section on Other Shoe Size Web Sites.
On most browsers, you can use the mouse to highlight a country's row in the converter for easier reading and conversion.
You can make the tables larger or smaller by changing the text size setting of your browser. In Microsoft Internet Explorer, choose the menu items: View, Text Size
Adult Mens and Womens Shoe Size Conversion Table
M/W indicates Men's or Women's Sizes. Other systems are for either gender. System Sizes System Europe 35 35½ 36 37 37½ 38 38½ 39 40 41 42 43 44 45 46½ 48½ Europe Mexico 4.5 5 5.5 6 6.5 7 7.5 9 10 11 12.5 Mexico Japan M 21.5 22 22.5 23 23.5 24 24.5 25 25.5 26 26.5 27.5 28.5 29.5 30.5 31.5 Japan M W 21 21.5 22 22.5 23 23.5 24 24.5 25 25.5 26 27 28 29 30 31 Japan W U.K. M 3 3½ 4 4½ 5 5½ 6 6½ 7 7½ 8 8½ 10 11 12 13½ U.K. M W 2½ 3 3½ 4 4½ 5 5½ 6 6½ 7 7½ 8 9½ 10½ 11½ 13 U.K. W Australia M 3 3½ 4 4½ 5 5½ 6 6½ 7 7½ 8 8½ 10 11 12 13½ Australia M W 3½ 4 4½ 5 5½ 6 6½ 7 7½ 8 8½ 9 10½ 11½ 12½ 14 Australia W U.S. & Canada M 3½ 4 4½ 5 5½ 6 6½ 7 7½ 8 8½ 9 10½ 11½ 12½ 14 U.S. & Canada M W 5 5½ 6 6½ 7 7½ 8 8½ 9 9½ 10 10.5 12 13 14 15.5 U.S. & Canada W Russia & Ukraine * W 33½ 34 35 36 37 38 39 Russia & Ukraine W Korea (mm.) 228 231 235 238 241 245 248 251 254 257 260 267 273 279 286 292 Korea Inches 9 9 1/8 9¼ 9 3/8 9½ 9 5/8 9¾ 9 7/8 10 10 1/8 10¼ 10½ 10¾ 11 11¼ 11½ Inches Centimeters 22.8 23.1 23.5 23.8 24.1 24.5 24.8 25.1 25.4 25.7 26 26.7 27.3 27.9 28.6 29.2 Centimeters Mondopoint 228 231 235 238 241 245 248 251 254 257 260 267 273 279 286 292 Mondopoint
Top of page
Attention e B a y Sellers and Buyers
Shoe sellers on eBay are now referring to these tables. Due to wide variations among shoe measurement systems, relying solely on these tables is not sufficient to guarantee everyone's happiness. I suggest sellers measure the inside of the shoe from toe to heel and list the measurement in inches and centimeters. Buyers should measure their foot from toe to heel. Buyers should request that sellers list the actual inside toe-to-heel measurement, if it is not provided. Without the actual measurements, insist on reasonable return policies. You can refer to this paragraph with http://www.i18nguy.com/l10n/shoes.html#ebay.
Shoe Size Conversion Tables: Adult, Girls, Boys.
Right-handed, Left-Footed
For most people, the larger foot is the opposite from the hand they write with. Try on shoes starting with your larger foot.
Girl's Shoe Sizes
Click here for Women's Shoe Sizes Europe 26 26.5 27 27.5 28 28.5 29 30 30.5 31 31.5 32.2 33 33.5 34 35 Europe Japan 14.5 15 15.5 16 16.5 17 17.5 18 18.5 19 19.5 20 20.5 21 21.5 22 Japan U.K. 8 8.5 9 9.5 10 10.5 11 11.5 12 12.5 13 13.5 1 1.5 2 2.5 U.K. U.S. & Canada 9.5 10 10.5 11 11.5 12 12.5 13 13.5 1 1.5 2 2.5 3 3.5 4 U.S. & Canada
Top of page
"Size Matters Not!" Sure... If you are Yoda. Otherwise, you need to use a conversion table.
Size matters not. Look at me, judge me by my size do you, hmm? And well you should not, for my ally is the Force and a powerful ally it is.
Boys Shoe Sizes
Click here for Men's Shoe Sizes Europe 29 29.7 30.5 31 31.5 33 33.5 34 34.7 35 35.5 36 37 37.5 Europe Japan 16.5 17 17.5 18 18.5 19 19.5 20 20.5 21 21.5 22 22.5 23 Japan U.K. 11 11.5 12 12.5 13 13.5 1 1.5 2 2.5 3 3.5 4 4.5 U.K. U.S. & Canada 11.5 12 12.5 13 13.5 1 1.5 2 2.5 3 3.5 4 4.5 5 U.S. & Canada
Top of page
International ShoeSize Chart Notes
The Mondopoint system is the same as measuring the foot (not the shoe) in Millimeters (or Millimetres, mm.). However, some companies treat Mondopoint as Centimeters (Centimetres, cm.). So a shoe may be labeled either 240 (mm) or 24 (cm) if it is designed for a foot that is 240 millimeters long (including some wiggle room for socks). You may see mondopoint sizes with two numbers separated by a slash, e.g. 240/95. The second number is the width of the foot in millimeters.
(not the shoe) in Millimeters (or Millimetres, mm.). However, some companies treat Mondopoint as Centimeters (Centimetres, cm.). So a shoe may be labeled either 240 (mm) or 24 (cm) if it is designed for a foot that is 240 millimeters long (including some wiggle room for socks). You may see mondopoint sizes with two numbers separated by a slash, e.g. 240/95. The second number is the width of the foot in millimeters. American Women's shoe sizes are the same as American Men's shoe sizes plus 1½.
Canadian shoe sizes are equivalent (identical) to American shoe sizes for both Adult and Children's, Men and Women.
Mexican shoe sizes plus 1½ are the same as American Men's shoe sizes.
British shoe sizes plus 1 are the same as American Men's shoe sizes. However, I see many tables using a formula of British size plus 1½. Check with the manufacturer.
I saw one table on the web indicating British womens running shoe sizes were 1.5 plus mens size. I think this is incorrect and mistakenly applied the United States sizing rule to the U.K.
Japanese shoes sizes are American Men's shoes sizes plus 18. (Some companies say add 19.)
Europe uses a system that came from the French called Paris Points (aka Parisien Prick ). One Paris Point equals two-thirds of a centimeter. The system starts at zero centimeters and increases. There are no half sizes. American size 0 is the same as 15 Paris Points.
). One Paris Point equals two-thirds of a centimeter. The system starts at zero centimeters and increases. There are no half sizes. American size 0 is the same as 15 Paris Points. 1 Centimeter (Centimetre) is 10 Millimeters (Millimetres).
1 Inch is 2.54 Centimeters (Centimetres).
Length in Inches = 7 1/3 + (US Men's shoe size)* 1/3
+ (US Men's shoe size)* Paris Points = 31 1/3 + (UK shoe size)* 4/3 .
+ (UK shoe size)* . A Chinese 7 is a UK 4. That's all I know at the moment about sizes of shoes in China.
7 is a UK 4. That's all I know at the moment about sizes of shoes in China. Australia and New Zealand use the same shoe sizes as the United Kingdom for boys, men and girls. However, I have seen women's shoe charts where Australia is 1 or 2 sizes bigger than U.K... I added an entry with one size bigger.
Korea measures shoe sizes in millimeters (mm.).
I am told Turkey uses European shoe sizes.
uses European shoe sizes. There are two scales used in the U.S. The standard (or "FIA") scale and the common scales. The "common" scale is more widely used. The scales are about ½ size different .
. Although different kinds of shoes prefer different measurement systems, I believe the charts work for all kinds of shoes. (With the caveat of the variations mentioned above.) I have been looking into army, military, ski, hiking, climbing boots, ladies pumps, high-heeled, spike and dress shoes, as well as sneakers, designer shoes, gentlemen's shoes, causal, penny loafers, sandals, and other styles. I have not been researching children's shoes in much detail. The sizes above are also good for soccer, golf, running and other sports shoes. I have not tried bowling shoes or blue suede sneakers. I intend to get more detail on Nike, Reebok, and Adidas due to the strong interest in running shoes for people coming to this page.
If you have information or can point me at information about additional measurement systems of systems used by different countries I would be grateful. (I am interested in Latin America and Eastern Europe.)
Russian and Ukraine shoe sizes taken from Global7Network.com NOTE I am told these values are incorrect. Russia, Ukraine and other countries of the former USSR use European shoe sizes. There is no difference for men, women, girls and boys.
In the 1980s a system using shoe sizes measured in centimeters was introduced. The change was not widely accepted. You can occasionally find shoes measured in centimeters, but most are marked with European system.
Other Shoe Size Web Sites
A good site: Human Foot Morphology. Studies Japanese feet, but seems generally applicable. Also foot measurements.
When measuring feet for shoe size, measure to the longest toe. The longest is not always the big toe. I couldn't find any data on this other than Toe Size Poll.
According to Extraordinary Origins of Everyday Things, shoe sizes were first standardized in 1305 by Britain's King Edward I. An inch was defined as the length of three contiguous dried barleycorns. A common children's shoe size was 13 barleycorns, hence the size 13. From Origins at Happy Woman magazine.
Also see: Shoe tips
Most business sites have poorly designed shoe size tables, that are prone to user errors and result in high return rates and a loss of repeat business. Bata had some well designed pages, but is now reorganizing its site so I can no longer point to specific links, with the exception of one great diagram in an Acrobat PDF file: Bata Comparative Shoe Size Chart.
(I am not endorsing products of any companies, or the contents of the tables. I am just noting the page is well structured and is much better than most.)
What is the Largest Shoe Size?
I don't know, but Shaq (NBA Basketball player Shaquille O'Neal) wears a 22G shoe. Here is his shoe size growth chart.
This shoe in the Philippine Shoe Capital, Marikina City is 5.5 meters/16.5 feet (French size 273).
This shoe in Hungary is size 217 (Euro system) or 145 cm. = 1.45 meters = 4.5 feet.
Zappos in the online Shoppes at Wellington Square carries a U.S. men's size 18EEEEE shoe.
Bill Clinton and Abraham Lincoln were the presidents with the biggest feet. Both wore size 13 shoes. Clinton is 13C.
Industry Notes
If you are looking for FIA (Footwear Industries of America, www.fia.org) for information on the FIA scale, it is no longer there. In August 2000, the American Apparel & Footwear Association (AAFA) resulted from the merger of the two trade associations: the American Apparel and Manufacturers Association and Footwear Industries of America.
(Clearly these guys don't understand the web. Otherwise they wouldn't have just abandoned their web address, making it hard for anyone to find their new home...)
What Does I18n Guy Wear?
The I18n Guy wears New Balance running shoes. I wear them every day, snow, sleet or rain, and have had the same pair for several years now. Actually, I am tired of them, but they refuse to die. I don't understand how New Balance stays in business. Previously I wore Converse sneaks and replaced them every 6 months since they wore out quickly. (No, New Balance doesn't give me a commission!)
Copyright © 2002-2010 Tex Texin. All rights reserved.
Top of page
People just don't swear like they used to. As long ago as 1944, H.L. Mencken, the great observer of American language, sadly noted that cursing had been on the decline since the Civil War, and that while there was still obscenity, "it is all based upon one or two four-letter words and their derivatives, and there is little true profanity in it."
Taboos against what we would today consider pretty mild exclamations like "damn!" "hell!" and "Jesus Christ!" led the swearers of years past to come up with creative substitutions that gave them some measure of emotional release while keeping within the bounds of propriety. These substitutions are called "minced oaths," and they've left their mark on our vocabulary. Gosh, gee, golly, dagnamit, darn, drat, gadzooks, zounds, heck, and cripes are all minced oaths that are still around to charm us with their innocent old-timey ring. But there are others you may not have heard of. They could come in handy when you get tired of ho-hum obscenity and want something with a little more profane zing.
1. Bejabbers!
A substitute for "by Jesus!" that is similar to "bejesus!" but jabbier. An Irish import, along the lines of "faith and begorrah!" Especially good for toe-stubbing.
2. Consarn!
A substitute for "goddamn." From an 1854 Dictionary of Northamptonshire words: "Consarn you! If you don't mind what you're about I'll give it to you!" Slow down and hit both syllables equally hard, and it's like squeezing a stress ball.
3. Dad-Sizzle!
Another "goddamn" form. "Well, dad-sizzle it!" was one way to show you meant business. There were a whole range of "dad" forms, from "dadgum" to dad-blast, dad-seize, dad-rat, dad-swamp, and many more. This one sounds surprisingly modern, like something Snoop Dogg (Snoop Lion?) might come up with.
4. Thunderation!
A substitute for "damnation," similar to "tarnation" and "botheration." WTF is so tired. Try "What in thunderation?" instead.
5. Great Horn Spoon!
Something you can swear by, used in a way similar to "by God!" It seems to have come from seafaring slang, and might refer to the Big Dipper. But you don't need to know the origin to find it useful. Today the strange randomness of the words makes it feel mystically satisfying to shout.
6. 'Snails!
A shortening of "by God's nails!" This kind of shortening also gave us "zounds!" (God's wounds), "Gadzooks!" (God's hooks), "strewth!" (God's truth), and "ods bodikins!" (God's little body). If you yell it thinking of actual snails instead, it's less profane, but more adorable.
7. Gosh-all-Potomac!
This one goes along with the rest of the "gosh all" family: goshamighty, gosh-all-hemlock, gosh all fish-hooks, etc. "Gosh all Potomac" is the earliest one attested in the Dictionary of American English on Historical Principles, and it's about time we brought it back.
8. G. Rover Cripes!
One of the minced oaths that approximate the sounds in "Jesus Christ!" it uses all the strategies found elsewhere: the "gee" sound (Gee! Jeepers! Jeez!), the middle name (Jesus H. Particular Christ!), and the "cr" sound (Crikey! Criminy! Cracky! Christmas!).
9. By St. Boogar and all the saints at the backside door of purgatory!
There is no St. Boogar. This is a line from Sterne's Tristram Shandy, considered by scholars to have a homoerotic subtext. Let it fly with pride!
10. By the double-barrelled jumping jiminetty!
It's too bad the tradition of productive, long "by the" swears has fallen out of fashion. You could load enough crazy-sounding nonsense on there to really scare your kids into cleaning their rooms.
Carlos Barria / Reuters A Chinese People's Liberation Army soldier stands guard in front of 'Unit 61398,' a secretive Chinese military unit on the outskirts of Shanghai, on Tuesday. The unit is believed to be behind a series of hacking attacks, a U.S. computer security company said, prompting a strong denial by China and accusations that it was in fact the victim of U.S. hacking.
BEIJING -- China's military on Wednesday responded angrily to accusations by an American computer security company of systematic hacking of U.S. business and military interests, arguing it "lacked technical proof and was "not based on fact."
In a statement published on the Chinese Defense Ministry's website in response to the controversial report by Mandiant Corp., the military denied the charges, arguing the data was not enough to connect the hacking to them.
"The report, in only relying on linking IP address to reach a conclusion the hacking attacks originated from China, lacks technical proof," the ministry wrote in its statement, "Everyone knows that the use of usurped IP addresses to carry out hacking attacks happens on an almost daily basis."
The ministry also argued that there was no globally accepted definition of what constitutes hacking.
NBC's Kristen Welker has more on what the White House may be planning to do about foreign agencies hacking into U.S. trade secrets.
"There is still no internationally clear, unified definition of what consists of a 'hacking attack'. There is no legal evidence behind the report subjectively inducing that the everyday gathering of online (information) is online spying."
The Defense Ministry said that China itself is a frequent victim of hacking, a common theme in China's rebuttal of accusations of foul play in cyberspace. The ministry said it had tracked a "considerable number" of attacks against its networks that originated in the United States, but it noted that those intrusions had not been used "as a pretext to accuse the U.S. side [of hacking]."
The statement came a day after Mandiant released an explosive report, first detailed in a New York Times article, that tied a People's Liberation Army unit based in Shanghai to a prolonged and focused campaign of stealing corporate and defense trade secrets.
According to Mandiant, the Chinese hacking unit, believed to be "PLA Unit 61398," employed hundreds, perhaps even thousands, of operatives to raid secure American servers, extracting trade secrets, blueprints, pricing data and other valuable information.
In total, Unit 61398 was said to have pillaged hundreds of terabytes of information from 141 companies -- 115 of which were American -- representing 20 industries in a variety of fields including telecommunications and defense.
The hackers reportedly used techniques such as "spear-phishing" -- using spoof e-mails to trick users into granting access to internal servers -- demonstrating a strong proficiency in English and advanced understanding of computer security and network operations.
China pointed out that its Ministry of Public Security had assisted more than 50 countries and regions in investigating cybercrime cases and that the Beijing had entered into a number of bilateral law enforcement cooperation agreements with those countries to help combat hacking.
The Mandiant report and the media maelstrom around it prompted Chinese state media to lash out at the hacking accusations, though the Chinese-language version of the New York Times story was still blocked in China.
China's typically nationalistic newspaper, Global Times, said Beijing should be more vocal in exposing hacking attacks conducted against China.
"Some officials have been punished for internally reporting that government websites have been hacked and secrets leaked, but almost no details have come out," the paper wrote.
"The Americans really know how to talk this (issue) up. All China can do is concede defeat."
Related:
Report: Chinese army tied to widespread U.S. hacking
Congress urged to probe Chinese computer espionage
If you have been following Boiling Steam for a while you know that I have had reservations about the Steam Machines. To sum it up, I was not sure that Valve had a proper value proposition in place when they first announced them. No exclusives for that platform, no real differences versus running a Windows box in Big Picture mode, and a number of issues relating to marketing itself (not clear who is being targeted, not clear how consumers will know what machine to buy to play which games and so on…). In the beginning I attributed that approach to a lack of preparation, and I was kind of relieved when they decided to postpone the release of the said machines. And I was expecting more than an half-baked plan for the GDC 2015.
Now, the GDC 2015 has come and gone, and the good news is that the Steam Machines are still part of the big Steam Universe plan. Valve even has a fixed release date, along with dedicated pages on Steam to announce the different options and vendors supporting the initiative.
But I am more concerned now than before – unless we are missing some big, upcoming announcements, it seems like they are not more ready than before to support this initiative properly. And this reminds me more and more of the 3DO debacle as the release date grows near. Note that I'm not one of those nay-sayers who want the Steam Machines to fail – on the contrary I think the concept has true value in itself, but unless something is done I fear it will fail miserably on the market and hurt both Valve and their partners and in the worst case cause a (temporary?) setback for Linux Gaming.
The primordial issue in this whole launch is that they have not figured who is going to buy this. And this is a debate that's been going on on social media and articles for a long, long time following the initial announcement. Are they targeting existing PC gamers, but non Steam users ? Existing Steam users? Console users ? Casual gamers ? Non gamers ?
Oh, wait, I know who they target: EVERYONE.
Every Steam Machine runs SteamOS and ships with a Steam Controller, but that's where the similarities end. Each manufacturer has chosen to optimize for your needs in their own way, so there's something for everyone.
That's even worse than the 3DO because the 3DO was an unified standard with clear minimum specs. That's worse than the Shield which positions itself a set-top box which can also do light PC gaming on the cheap, for people with a budget who still want to game. Trying to please everyone is probably the worst marketing strategy ever, because you don't have unlimited resources to cater to all market needs. That's not even a positioning and you can't build a Brand on this.
Looking for a lightweight gaming machine to cuddle up next to your DVR? Maybe you're interested in running the latest release at 4K? Are you looking for an all-in-one solution to power your VR headset?
And their advice is to look at the attached page with the list of upcoming hardware… let's go and check then.
Oh, ok. So let's pretend for a second I am completely clueless about PC hardware, and I have to choose the “right one” for me. Uh…
Alienware Steam Machine (which is just the rebranded Alpha, basically):
The Alienware Steam Machine combines the awesome experience of console gaming with a massive library of over 980 games, all in full 1080p HD on your TV.
Really ? So why do you have like 4 different models ? What are the differences in performance ? Which one is the right one for me ? Can they all play all games in Full HD like you say ? Because man, you are talking about “awesome experience of console gaming” where everything is MADE to run on a fixed hardware base. That sounds like you may need to pay more for some reason, but nothing is specified anywhere on this page. Well done Alienware!
How about the Gigabyte Brix ?
The BRIX Pro takes the signature compact design philosophy of the GIGABYTE BRIX series, adding a high-performance Intel® Core™ i7 processor featuring Intel® Iris™ Pro graphics 5200. As well as a featuring a true high-performance processor that is ideally suited to CPU-intensive applications like image design and video editing, the superior graphics performance of the BRIX Pro means it's also great for 3D gaming.
Oh, so the Brix pro is also great for gaming then ? I guess so, since it has “true high-performance” stuff “great for 3D gaming”. I hope the guys who purchase this one won't be too surprised to get a slideshow kind of framerate when they launch Metro on this machine. I would feel a lot more comfortable if they gave some examples of games that should run well on this and some that would not.
Let me add some topping on the cake, as the BRIX is announced with 2 slots for RAM and optional storage. You guys want to sell a console-like experience but you expect people to grab by themselves RAM sticks and an additional hard drive! Ha!
The product description for the SBX from Ibuypower is even more of a joke. Check it out for yourself:
SBX was bred to enhance your living room. This sleek, award-winning design was made to blend the love of games with the enjoyment of a media center. You can now play all your favorite games on your gorgeous big screen. It's small, it's sleek. It fits anywhere and matches everything. Whether you prefer an upfront, in-your-face vertical orientation, or a more relaxed and easy going horizontal approach, your SBX looks great with unlimited color and animation combinations. Prefer something more subtle? The lights can be dimmed or turned off completely.
Are you guys aware that you are selling gaming hardware and not neon lights for interior decoration ? There is no mention ANYWHERE what this product is for in terms of gaming. I wonder why… Oh wait:
GPU: ATI Radeon™ R7 250X 1GB GDDR5
Oh. Right. You better not talk about gaming anything on SteamOS with a AMD GPU onboard – that can only end with sore disappointment.
The Maingear Drift seems completely oblivious to the issue of AMD on Linux/SteamOS :
The MAINGEAR DRIFT is the ultimate customizable Gaming PC that is designed from the ground up for living room gaming. Experience immersion that no console can provide with Ultra HD beyond 1080p gaming, powered by the latest cutting edge hardware from Intel, Nvidia and AMD.
Guys, it's always better to try your own products out before selling them. Just a tip, but do what you want.
The Origin Omega Steam machine is not even trying to play the game of SteamOS at all:
Dual Boot: Still have PC Games only that are only playable on Windows? With an ORIGIN PC Steam Machine, you can customize it to have it dual-boot into Steam OS and your choice of Windows inside one system!
Oh, so you mean once your users boot on Windows they will realize that they have no reason to come back to SteamOS ? Great idea guys to promote the new OS ! I can't even understand how Valve can allow such positioning on pages which are supposedly dedicated to machines running SteamOS.
I actually like Syber's idea of having an upgradeable console… but…
Hands down, PC games are higher quality and higher performance than traditional consoles because they are designed to maximize the constantly evolving gaming hardware options. The Syber Steam Machine is the only fully upgradable Steam Machine at its price range. Utilizing standard PC components, you can upgrade with off the shelf hardware and components quickly and hassle-free.
yet why even bother selling their first machine at 499 dollars with…
GPU: AMD Radeon R9 270 2GB
Again, this is just a rehash of what they had prepared back in 2014, with no assessment of what works well on SteamOS so far.
I'm not just picking on a few, go and check for yourselves in this jungle of a page and you'll see that there is no way for a random user to actually grasp what machine is needed for what they want to play. So, Valve, seriously, how do I pick the “right one” ? And on top of that, I would have expected AT LEAST a price/specs comparator when landing on such a page instead of a simple never-ending list of all options out there. Have they actually tested that page with real life users to get some feedback before publishing this ?
And that's the next big issue. The price points. I'm not among the ones to think that we should limit the price to match the current consoles' or something. It's fine to go for higher specs hardware and ask for more cash, to be a premium option in the field of cheap consoles (kind of like the Neo Geo of the 16 bits era – it was a niche market but it had a market on its own!). But there's some serious delirium at work from the different vendors. First, if they are trying to target casual folks who have no idea what hardware to buy, then they are doing an extremely poor work at educating them. So let me assume that they target people who apparently know PC hardware, and if that's the case they should clearly realize how they are being ripped off. Apart from a few exceptions, almost everything machine proposed in that list is overpriced. Overpriced, as in you can make something of the same specs by yourself for a cheaper (or even MUCH cheaper for certain cases) price. That's just plain wrong. It is clear that vendors need to make money out of the hardware since they are not making money on the platform (i.e. Steam, unlike Microsoft and Sony which are manufacturers and platform owners). Yet, as vendors they should have access the cheaper parts than the general public and scale should bring more efficiency as well on how to bring everything together for a better deal. At most, I would expect that they could sell their hardware at ABOUT the same price as what it could cost if you were to pick up the parts and do it yourself. No, they are clearly overcharging you – so buying the hardware from them is just a matter of convenience (and form factor), but there's nothing economical in doing that. Some of these platforms are not future proof as well (i.e. non upgradeable like the Alienware one), so when the specs are not good enough any more you need to get rid of it and buy a new one. Welcome to the future of gaming, where PC gamers will not be interested to purchase something more expensive than what they can get elsewhere, and console gamers will not find much appeal in replacing their machine every 2 years to play the latest Steam games – since they are used to a console being able to play games well for 5-6 years or so.
What's missing in this whole page is the one that started it all, and hence my reference to “the risk free” aspect of this initiative. Valve is not there with a flagship machine, while they are clearly going to be there with the Steam link for streaming and the Steam Controller. While they seem to be committed to the project, they don't seem to be committed enough to go out there and show “this is what a Steam machine should look like” both in specs and design.
You cannot bring PC gaming forward unless you take an active part of it, instead of relying on third parties who have no vested interest in growing your own platform. Valve is not showing courage here, it's showing hesitation, as if they already know it won't grow big anyway and they should not invest any efforts into making one by themselves. And let's not ask them to take the front seat and set up factories and all from scratch, but they could at the very least take the Google approach, and work with a specific third party to create and design a “Nexus-like” Steam Machine stamped by Valve which should represent the state of the art of the expected platform. That's a proven model after all in the Android marketplace, which is conceptually quite similar to what Valve is trying to create with SteamOS.
So it is now clear in my eyes that Valve is taking a back seat with the whole Steam Machines thing. They did not try to establish minimum specs to ensure most games would run well with any hardware out there sold on their own pages. We still have not heard of any way to know whether games will run well on X or Y machine. We still have to hear how SteamOS will let users know that their machine is not powerful enough to play certain games, and how users are expected to react in such cases. They have not put pressure on their partners to have reasonable price points vs specs (which should have been the greatest learning from the 3DO failure). They have chosen to let manufacturers publish whatever they wish on their Steam Machines pages without oversight or lead as to how they should present their hardware, and let users find “the right one” by themselves.
OK. There's still time until November.
In theory.
I certainly hope I'm plain wrong about everything and the above Steam pages are just the result of a lack of preparation (again) and that most aspects will be fixed by November.
At this stage, no matter how much I'd like the Steam Machines to succeed, I'm cautiously pessimistic on their prospect. At least at launch. It seems as half-baked as last year.
But hey, it's Valve. Back when they launched Steam everyone was laughing and saying it was a shitty service. Yet it ended up working and growing to lead the world of online game retail. Maybe something similar will happen in this case: a crappy beginning, then better iterations and more focus in the coming couple of years, until it finally takes off ?
At BoilingSteam, we strongly dislike ads and that is why you won't find any during your visit. If you like what we do, please consider signing up to our newsletter (No Spam!). Register to our RSS feed also works. We are on Mastodon and on IRC too (Freenode, channel #boilingsteam). You can reach us anytime via the contact form for feedback, ideas and news tips. We are always looking for more editors/contributors - feel free to candidate!
Jason Heyward had, by all measures, a bad and heavily publicized April. He struck out at a rate that would have been his highest in years (19.3 percent) and walked at a career-worst rate (5.7 percent), all while hitting two-thirds of his batted balls on the ground. His high defensive marks from UZR and adroit baserunning counterbalanced his 69 wRC+ for a positive total fWAR, but there was reason to be concerned about the pending free agent.
Since then, Heyward has improved his plate discipline by the month, on the way to what appears to be a typical well-rounded, productive season (data from FanGraphs).
Month O-Swing% Z-Swing% BB% K% Mar/Apr 31.2% 59.6% 5.7% 19.3% May 29.3% 63.9% 7.2% 18.6% Jun 24.9% 64.2% 6.3% 14.6% Jul 27.0% 65.8% 10.3% 13.1% Aug (Thru 8/14) 25.2% 62.5% 10.0% 12.0%
With the exception of a slight bump in July, each month of the 2015 season has seen Jason Heyward swing less at pitches outside of the zone and swing more often at pitches in the zone. Every month (partial month of August included) has seen fewer strikeouts, and his walk rate jumped in July. These clips are helping to propel forward his offensive season after that early slump (data from FanGraphs).
Season O-Swing% Z-Swing% SwStr% 2010 24.2% 58.8% 8.0% 2011 28.8% 66.4% 10.0% 2012 32.7% 67.0% 11.4% 2013 28.3% 68.4% 8.8% 2014 28.1% 63.9% 7.7% 2015 27.8% 63.4% 6.6%
In 2015, Heyward is swinging at the fewest balls since his rookie season and is similarly swinging at the fewest strikes (specifically fastballs) since 2010. His swinging strike rate is the lowest it has ever been — as well as the highest contact rate of his career — and he's almost never missing hard pitches (3.95 percent whiff rate, per Brooks Baseball).
2010-2014 2015 Pitch Type BAA SLG ISO BABIP BAA SLG ISO BABIP Fourseam 0.267 0.424 0.157 0.303 0.294 0.434 0.140 0.304 Sinker 0.309 0.501 0.192 0.318 0.348 0.494 0.146 0.372 Cutter 0.234 0.373 0.139 0.275 0.269 0.385 0.115 0.350
Jason Heyward is eyeing up velocity more effectively this season with strong results. While he is still searching for the power he had in 2012, his current 112 wRC+ puts him back within his typical range. That is not to say he is without his problems — he is just effectively counterbalancing them with his new fastball contact-oriented approach.
His 54.8 percent ground ball rate is still higher than one would like, he's walking at the lowest rate of his career, and his .133 ISO is below league-average (.146). However, Heyward turned 26 exactly one week ago and is just now hitting what is typically thought of as a player's power peak - there's some upside here. That is in addition to being one of the premier defenders in right field by any metric and a superb base-runner.
In terms of his impending free agency, he might not have the skillset to command $25-30 million average annual value, but his proven consistency plus atypical youth makes him a strong candidate to be the next $200 million contract (as has been previously suggested) through the number of years on the deal. If the power does pick up, we are certainly looking at one of the few true five-tool players in the game. Regardless, Heyward has righted the ship after his early season struggles.
. . .
Spencer Bingol is a contributor at Beyond the Box Score. You can follow him on Twitter at @SpencerBingol.
GAZA CITY, Gaza Strip — University lecturer Sami Abu Shammala, from Gaza City, has launched Gaza's first website where customers can purchase meals online from restaurants. The website, No Call Food, the first of its kind in the Gaza Strip, began operation in mid-July, connecting customers to various restaurants from the comfort of their homes.
Abu Shammala, who holds a doctorate in financial management from Malaysia's University of Science and works for the University College of Applied Sciences in Gaza, told Al-Monitor that he encountered the concept in the various countries he visited throughout his academic life like Malaysia, Turkey and Egypt.
He added, “Before the website was created, customers would call restaurants directly and order the meals they want. Then, they would call a delivery service company to bring the meal from the restaurant to their houses. But this process does not allow the client the opportunity to explore what he wants to buy before paying. It also forces him to make several calls to have the meal delivered to his house. The website gives the customer the opportunity to explore ingredients, prices, different foods, duration of preparation … to have the meal delivered quickly.”
When a customer signs into the website for the first time, he creates an account to identify him and his address, free of charge. Then, he can access different options and choose the restaurant and meal he wants from several food and dessert menus.
Abu Shammala added, “In addition to Oriental food, seafood, vegetarian and other meals, there are Western dishes like beef Stroganoff and breaded escalope, whose ingredients are unfamiliar to the customer. He might hesitate to buy them [over the phone], but the website offers a chance to browse through the ingredients. Restaurants have felt the difference the website has made, as these dishes have become more popular and in demand.”
He went on, “Any customer can subscribe to the website, but it targets middle-class customers mainly who care about the price of the meal before buying it. The website allows them to pick what they want in line with their purchasing power.”
Abu Shammala noted that he had a group of programmers creates the website and signed contracts with delivery companies like Yamama Logistics to deliver the food.
He and his team at first found it difficult to convince restaurants to subscribe to the website because it was a new idea. He said, “Restaurant owners were concerned about the efficiency of the website. Nevertheless, around a month of work later, 60 restaurants in Gaza made signed contracts with No Call Food to post their meals on it. The customers' orders through the website during this short period reached around 420. The website is still gaining momentum.”
Abu Shammala noted that most restaurants that are subscribed on the website manage the deliveries electronically. But for some, website employees call and place the customers' orders over the phone.
Mahmoud Murtaja, a freelance photographer in Gaza, is a frequent customer of the website. He said that the service solves problems for him while working.
He told Al-Monitor, “Most of the time, I spend long hours outside home to work. I order food from restaurants and the trouble of going to the restaurant, waiting while the food is prepared, then picking it up and returning to work is tiring and requires me to stop my work for a while. Therefore, No Call Food is practical for me.”
When asked about the way the website makes profit, Abu Shammala said, “I would like to say that the online meal prices are the same as the prices at the restaurant. Only the delivery service fee is added, and it is five to seven shekels [$1.30-$1.70] within Gaza City. The website does not make any profit from the customer, only from the restaurant, as they reach an agreement … when the order is complete.”
He added, “We are thinking of increasing our revenue later by setting a yearly subscription fee for restaurants.”
Fawzi Abu Sido, who owns the Abu Sido restaurant and butchery in Gaza City, told Al-Monitor, “We subscribed to the website around two weeks ago and noticed a 20% increase in the restaurant's orders. This is a good start.”
He said, “We have always faced a delivery problem. Sometimes, the customer tasks a person with delivering the restaurant's order to his house, and this person might face technical problems like not knowing the exact address of the customer. As a result, the food delivery gets delayed and food reaches the customer cold. We get complaints about cold meals. But the website handles this responsibility now as it is taking care of the delivery service.”
Right now, customers outside Gaza City cannot order food online because of the lack of an adequate delivery service outside the city. Abu Shammala said, however, “We will soon overcome this problem. We are exploring alternatives to give citizens outside Gaza City the chance to subscribe to the website and have their orders delivered.”
Abu Shammala noted that the website has created job opportunities for 20 university graduates, both men and women, including the programmers, marketing staff that visits restaurants to promote the website, photographers to take pictures of the food and post them online and social media specialists to increase the visibility of the website. The team created a Facebook page to introduce the service and answer queries.
No Call Food has also created job opportunities at subscribing restaurants, as owners are required to have an employee focused solely on following up on orders made through the site.
Abu Shammala is currently seeking to expand the website's reach to customers via a smartphone app. He also wants to expand the website's geographic scope to include all cities and provinces of the Gaza Strip and move on into the West Bank and to other Arab cities in Israel.
If you have a yard full of what some might call "junk" and a head full of interesting anecdotes, the History Channel is looking for you.
The cable network's "American Pickers" is planning a visit to Michigan this summer. But before Mike Wolfe and Frank Fritz make their way to the Great Lakes State, they need some specific destinations.
"American Pickers," currently in its seventh season, focuses on Wolfe and Fritz as they travel the country 'picking' for antiques.
If you think you have a unique antiques collection worth seeing or know someone who does, the History Channel wants to hear from you. They are especially looking for "interesting characters," according to an announcement regarding the upcoming visit.
The show will head to Michigan in June. Items they are specifically looking to find include:
Vintage bicycles
Toys
Unusual radios
Movie memorabilia
Advertising
Military items
Folk art
Early firefighting equipment
Vintage musical equipment
Automotive items
Clothing
And more
"They are always excited to see things they've never seen before and learn the story behind it," the announcement states.
If you know someone who deserves a visit from the "American Pickers," email the following information to americanpickers@cineflix.com:
Name
Phone Number
Location
Description of collection
Photos
You can also call 1-855-OLD-RUST to provide information.
The show will not consider visits to retail shops or flea markets.
For more information on "American Pickers," visit the show's page on the History Channel website.
-- Jessica Shepherd is a reporter with MLive. Contact her at jessica_shepherd@mlive.com or follow her on Twitter. You can also hear her Fridays at 8 a.m. on 102.5 WIOG's Nate and April in the Morning.
US President Barack Obama remains committed to seeing through the Trans-Pacific Partnership (TPP) free trade agreement, even as he acknowledged that the politics surrounding the pact are difficult in an election year.
In an e-mail interview with The Straits Times ahead of an official visit by Prime Minister Lee Hsien Loong, President Obama stressed that the TPP was a "good deal" and said he would continue making a case for it.
"I remain committed to TPP because it's a good deal - for America, for the region and for the world. TPP advances America's economic and our strategic interests," he said, citing various advantages such as the removal of 18,000 tariffs on US products.
The President's reaffirmation of support for the pact comes just days after the end of a Democratic National Convention that featured small but vocal protests against the 12-country trade deal. Protesters chanting "No TPP" disrupted at least two speeches during the convention and "No TPP" signs were also visible inside the arena throughout Mr Obama's own address.
Both presidential nominees, Mrs Hillary Clinton and Mr Donald Trump, have said that they oppose the deal. Mr Obama acknowledged legitimate concerns about winners and losers caused by globalisation, but said it cannot mean that the US turns its back on trade.
"We have to take those concerns seriously and address them. But the answer isn't to turn inward and embrace protectionism. We can't just walk away from trade," he said.
"The answer is to make sure that trade is working for our people by supporting good jobs, reducing inequality and creating more opportunity. That's what TPP does. I'll continue making the case for TPP, and I'm optimistic that the United States Congress will ultimately support this landmark agreement."
The US, Japan, Singapore and nine other countries party to the TPP reached an agreement on what would become the world's largest free trade pact in October last year. The agreement now awaits ratification by the respective national legislatures, with the chances of passage through the US Congress considered among the most tenuous.
The TPP is expected to be on the agenda when PM Lee and President Obama meet in Washington, DC tomorrow. Mr Obama is hosting Mr Lee to a state dinner, making Singapore the only South-east Asian country to receive such an honour in the President's two terms in office.
In the interview, which covered regional issues like the South China Sea, Mr Obama told The Straits Times that the visit reflects the important role that Singapore plays in his administration's Asia rebalance, adding that Singapore is one of the US' "strongest and most reliable partners in South-east Asia".
SEE TOP OF THE NEWS
During a Q&A session that took place today, the President of Samsung Gulf, Young Soo Kim was asked whether the manufacturer intended on creating a water-proof smartphone. Interestingly enough, he said yes and that a “ruggedized” Galaxy S4 that is water proof and dustproof is in the works and should be announced in the next few weeks.
Whether this is some slip up or misunderstanding, no one can tell, since there has been no indication that another Galaxy S4 could exist. With that, why wait for people to place their pre-orders for this one when a water-proof one might be what they actually want. Hard to say what the deal is.
What about you? If you got your Galaxy S4 today, then found out there was a water-proof variant would you be upset?
Via: TechView
Using the Asus Chromebook Flip C302, you can almost see how Chrome OS devices are going to stop being education machines or backup couch computers and become something different for a lot of people. Just computers (or, well, maybe just tablets).
It's a "premium" Chromebook, which these days basically means it's well-built, has a fast processor, and costs around $500. That puts it in the same class as the Samsung Chromebook Plus and forthcoming Samsung Chromebook Pro. The C302 is all of those things, but to me it's a sign that both Google and its manufacturing partners are stretching to redefine how you typically think about a Chromebook.
Google, for its part, is working feverishly to make the Android app on Chrome OS viable (they're not ready yet). Asus, for its part, produced the excellent machine I'm reviewing right now. It's rare to use a Chrome OS laptop that genuinely feels fast, well-built, and worth more than the $300 asking price that most Chromebooks cost. But if all those companies are going to succeed at this, it can't be rare anymore, it has to be standard.
And the C302 sets the standard — for now.
First and foremost: the C302 is fast enough for most tasks you'd imagine doing on a Chromebook, and perhaps fast enough for some stuff you wouldn't consider, like photo editing. It has an Intel Core M3-6Y30 processor paired with 4GB of RAM and 64GB of storage. I regularly use it with 15 or so tabs and web apps, and often more, without any problems.
Android apps, however, are still in beta and are as much of a mess today as they have been for the past few months I've been trying it. When they come out of beta (presumably next month), I'll be eager to see if they are any better. Don't get the C302 for Android apps until we see what they really look like.
Making Chrome OS feel like a PC One of the reasons that people tend to prefer "real" computers to Chromebooks is that they have apps with their own icons in the dock. On Chrome OS, you can drag any tab to the dock, but it still launches in a tab in a web browser. That's annoying because you can't just Alt-Tab to email. Except you can! Chrome OS has a feature called "Open as Window" that takes any webpage and turns it into a separate app, so you don't lose it in your tabs. Here's how to use it: Open the web app you want to use, like Gmail Click the Three Dot menu in the upper-right of the Chrome window Click "More Tools" Click "Add to Shelf…" Here's the key trick: check the box for "Open as Window" before you click "Add" It works really well and makes Chrome OS feel a lot more like a Mac or Windows PC. The only real problem with it is that if you switch Chromebooks, your app's icon doesn't sync over to the new computer (Google promises that a fix for that is coming).
The C302 does a better job at nailing most of the physical aspects of a good laptop than other devices you'll find in this price range. It's got a thin aluminum body (just over half an inch thick), and weighs just over two and a half pounds.
There are some nice, subtle touches like a magnet in the base that secures the screen more firmly when you use it in tablet mode. To get to that mode, you just rotate the screen on its hinges, which are firm enough to stand up to tapping the screen when in laptop mode. The screen is 12.5 inches with a max resolution of 2400 x 1350, but you need Superman-like vision to handle the size of text at the native scaling, so most people should settle for something less extreme.
On the whole, I'm happy with the keyboard, which is full sized and has long key travel. I find it a bit mushier than I'd like, but it's backlit like a keyboard really should be (unlike Samsung's Chromebooks). The trackpad is a little on the small side, but it's accurate and doesn't suffer from mis-taps.
Battery life is really good, too, cracking the 10-hour mark in our looping website rundown test and hitting seven or eight hours in heavier day-to-day work. In between, you're charging over USB-C — and though people will gripe a bit about that, I'm over it: it's the port every laptop is going to be using from here on out. Plus, I love that there is one port on the left and one on the right, so you can plug in on either side. Expandable storage is via microSD.
But there are compromises: for example, though the screen is good, it doesn't get nearly bright enough to use outdoors. Even inside, I find myself ratcheting up the brightness up to 80 or 90 percent most of the time. The speakers are astonishingly weak for a computer this size, which is disappointing when you consider one of the use cases for a convertible is watching Netflix in Tent or Tablet mode. Oh, and I already managed to nick one of the squared-off edges just through normal use.
The obvious comparison to the C302 are Samsung's two new Chromebooks, the Plus and the Pro. (In fact, when I reviewed the Plus so many people asked about the C302 that I felt like I had to try it out.) So lots of people just want to know which is better and I don't have definitive opinions. I slightly prefer the Plus: it's a bit cheaper and has a bit nicer hardware (minus the backlighting on the keyboard) without too much reduction in speed.
The Chromebook Pro might be my favorite of the three, but I haven't had a chance to review the final devices that consumers will be able to buy. If you can wait until next month to buy a Chromebook, I probably would, just to see how it compares.
If all goes well, this C302 is just going to be an anonymous member of a vast horde of high-quality, near-identical Chromebooks with good screens, Android apps, and enough speed to do 90 percent of what you expect from them. They'll be a little more expensive than you're used to, maybe, but they'll deliver as much value as a comparably priced iPad or Windows PC — if not more.
We're not there yet, and so the highest praise I can give Asus is that this fairly innocuous and forgettable computer is innocuous and forgettable in the best ways: it looks good, it works well, and I don't have to worry about it. It's a great baseline for future Chromebooks to either match or try to beat. It's not necessarily the best one, but it's a solid starting point for what you should expect. It's standard-issue.
One of the things that I like about the winter months here in Vermont is the cold. It's a bit of a stereotypical thing, I realize, but every time I end up going to my parents, I find myself sitting in a comfortable chair, inching closer and closer to their cast iron wood stove. When I'm at home, there's nothing better than curling up on a couch, with a stack of books and a pot of tea close at hand. I can escape the cold in that pile of adventures, coming up for air hours later.
One adventure that I've found myself on is almost a half-century old: Ursula K. Le Guin's The Word for World is Forest. I picked up a copy while I was traveling for the holidays, and have been picking away at it. Le Guin originally published the novella in Harlen Ellison's Again, Dangerous Visions, and it earned her a Hugo Award. It's a really remarkable short book, one that subverts many of science fiction's long-held tropes and is a powerful work of ecological SF. I recommend picking it up.
There's a whole bunch of new books coming out this month. Let's dig in and take a look at what's coming up.
February 7th
With Blood Upon the Sand by Bradley P. Beaulieu
This is a hefty epic fantasy novel, the second in Beaulieu's Song of Shattered Sands duology. In the first novel, Twelve Kings in Sharakhai, Çeda discovered a terrible secret about the kings of the city. She is now a Blade Maiden in their service, and after a recent defeat, they're out for blood. Çeda and her friend Emre are pulled into a conspiracy that might destroy the kings, provided they can navigate the palace intrigue of Sharakhai.
Crown of Doom and Light by Jayde Brooks
The latest in Jayde Brooks' Daughter of Gods and Shadows series finds the Earth at the brink of war. Her heroine, Eden Reid, is the world's one savior in a world gone to hell. Demons and vampires are everywhere, and she has to not only contend with her dark powers, but a rival who has returned from the dead.
Magic of Blood and Sea by Cassandra Rose Clarke
Saga Press has collected two of Cassandra Rose Clarke's novels into one volume: The Assassin's Curse and The Pirate's Wish. The combined edition follows a pirate princess named Ananna and an assassin named Naji. Ananna accidentally triggers a curse, and the two have to team up to undo it.
Universal Harvester: A Novel by John Darnielle
Music fans know of John Darnielle as the vocalist and songwriter for The Mountain Goats, but he's become an accomplished novelist. Universal Harvester is his second novel, set in the late 1990s in Iowa. Jeremy works in a rundown video store, and when a movie is returned with a strange complaint, he investigates, discovering that the world around him isn't quite as it seems.
Amberlough by Lara Elena Donnelly
This is a novel that I've been hearing about through the author grapevine, and everything that I've heard has been overwhelmingly positive. In an alternate world, a spy named Cyril is captured as Amberlough City is undergoing a fascist revolution. He works to protect his lover, Aristide, while trying to figure out if he can trust Cordelia, a dancer and runner for Aristide.
Norse Mythology by Neil Gaiman
Neil Gaiman's novels are loaded with references to Norse mythology, and he's put together a book that retells the original legends in a novelistic format. Gaiman tells the tales of the major gods, such as Odin, Thor, and Loki, from the beginning of the world to the end.
Nightshift by Charlaine Harris
Charlaine Harris is best known for her Stookie Stackhouse novels — the basis for HBO's True Blood series. Now she has a new urban fantasy series, set in the town of Midnight, where strange creatures roam the streets. In the latest installment, Nightshift, the vampire Lemuel has discovered why the paranormal have been attracted to the town, while a rash of suicides has swept the community.
The Stars are Legion by Kameron Hurley
Deep in space, a group of dying world ships known as the Legion has been making its journey between the stars. A battle for power has been taking place between them as various factions try and take control of the Legion. One soldier, Zan, awakens with no memory of her past, and is used as a weapon to try and take control of Mokshi, a world ship with the power to leave the Legion. Kameron Hurley is one of the genre's best new writers, and this book is a really impressive feat.
All Our Wrong Todays by Elan Mastai
In Tom Barren's 2016, humanity lives in our imagined, science fictional future. There are flying cars, moon bases, and time travel. Tom is having his own problems fitting in, and accidentally ends up in an alternate 2016: our own. He might have also broken the fabric of reality. While he discovers his perfect place in the world, he has to choose between fixing things and returning home, or making his way in this dreary, dystopian world.
The People's Police by Norman Spinrad
In this politically charged thriller, three people are pulled together in a television studio. A New Orleans cop who has served in some tough places, only to be forced to serve his own eviction notice. A brothel owner's business goes into foreclosure, while a television star and voodoo queen can speak to the Loa spirits. None of them expect Papa Legba to answer them with a question: "What do you offer?"
Winter Be My Shield by Jo Spurrier
In this epic fantasy, Sierra has a forbidden gift: she can draw power from the suffering of others. She's recently escaped from a brutal king, only to fall into the company of a fugitive prince. They're on the run from the king's torturer Rasten, and from other dangers. When Sierra is presented with the choice to help Rasten kill the king, she has to decide what cost her freedom is worth.
Idle Ingredients: A Sin du Jour Affair by Matt Wallace
Matt Wallace has been spinning out some entertaining, food-themed novellas following a demonic catering agency. The male staff of Sin du Jour find themselves incapacitated, and it's going to take some skill and cunning to undo the curse.
February 14th
Winter of the Gods (Olympus Bound) by Jordanna Max Brodsky
Jordanna Max Brodsky follows up her 2016 novel Immortals with Winter of the Gods. It's winter in New York City, and Selene DiSilva is after the people who left a dead body on the Charging Bull statue. While searching, she discovers an ancient conspiracy that threatens her — and the existence of the other gods in the city.
Miranda and Caliban by Jacqueline Carey
Prospero was the revenge-driven lead of Shakespeare's Tempest. In her latest novel, Jacqueline Carey expands on the story, focusing on Miranda and Caliban and their friendship. Away from Prospero, they fight against the dark force that keeps them chained to the island.
Gilded Cage by Vic James
Gilded Cage is the start to a new series by debut author Vic James. The world belongs to a class of gifted magical aristocrats, and commoners must serve them for a decade. A woman named Abi is a servant to a powerful family and discovers a secret that can upend the power in society, all while her brother toils away in a factory town, building a revolution.
An Impossible War by Andy Remic
A soldier named Robert Jones during the First World War endures the horrors of the trenches on the front lines. While fighting, the armies engaged in the terrible war begin to shape-shift into demonic entities, and he discovers that he's caught in No Man's Land in a much greater, metaphysical struggle. This is a collection of three of Andy Remic's shorter novellas: A Song for No Man's Land, Return of Souls, and The Iron Beast.
February 21st
The Book of Etta by Meg Elison
Etta hails from Nowhere, a community that survived a huge plague in this sequel to Meg Elison's 2016 novel The Book of the Unnamed Midwife. While women are scarce in the world, she would prefer to scavenge than raise children, and is forced to brave the outside world, dodging slave traders who would capture and sell her.
Parable of the Talents / Parable of the Sower by Octavia Butler
If you've never read Octavia Butler, you should stop what you're doing and go read a bunch of her books right now. Fortunately, there's a pair of new editions of Parable of the Talents and Parable of the Sower from Seven Stories Press which look stunning. The novels take place in 2025, where society has collapsed with a far-right crusader in the White House, with only small sheltered communities fending off bands of scavengers and violent addicts. One woman, Luaren Olamina has an ability to feel the pain of others, and sets off on a journey north. This edition features an introduction from Gloria Steinem.
A Conjuring of Light by V.E. Schwab
The Shades of Magic trilogy comes to a close with A Conjuring of Light. Picking up right after A Gathering of Shadows, the four worlds of London have been separated for centuries. Kell and Delilah have participated in the Elemental Games, while another London — thought long lost — is coming back to life, and threatens to plunge the world into darkness.
Cold Counsel by Chris Sharp
Slud of the Blood Claw Clan, Bringer of Troubles, was born during a massive and terrible storm. His birth changed his father, who rallied the remaining trolls to take back their former mountain home, only to be eradicated by an army of elves. Slud was carried away and hidden, and as he grows up, he becomes an unwitting weapon of revenge.
Aftermath: Empire's End by Chuck Wendig
Chuck Wendig's Aftermath trilogy is coming to an end with Empire's End. The novel will set up one of the pivotal events from The Force Awakens, the Battle of Jakku. Former rebel pilot Norra Wexley is back in service tracking down Grand Admiral Rae Sloane, who is on her own chase after Gallius Rax. All parties end up above Jakku, and a massive battle is about to begin.
February 28th
Agents of Dreamland by Caitlín R. Kiernan
A strange event occurred in Arizona, and a government agent known as the Signalman goes in to investigate. NASA's New Horizons has abruptly vanished, while a cult gets ready for a strange future. Something is lurking out at the end of the Solar System. Caitlín R. Kiernan is known for her horror and weird stories, and this new Lovecraftian novella looks like it'll be a really intriguing and scary read.
Fields of Fire by Marko Kloos
Marko Kloos has been a rising star in the world of military science fiction. His ongoing Frontlines series is a lot of fun, set in a futuristic Earth besieged by an alien civilization known as the Lankies. Thus far in the series, humanity has been waging a losing battle, and the aliens have taken Mars. The time has come to strike, and major combined fleet action is underway. This series kicks ass, and it's been building to this book.
Game of Shadows by Erika Lewis
In this debut novel from Erika Lewis, a battle took place in ancient Ireland, forcing the local deities to flee to a new continent they called Tara. A thousand years later, a young man comes to terms with a gift: he can see ghosts. After discovering that his apartment has been trashed and his overprotective mother missing, he teams up with a captain from Tara on a journey that leads him to the hidden world of Tara.
Revenger by Alastair Reynolds
If you want to read a great, hard SF novel, you'll probably have Alastair Reynolds recommended to you. The author is known for books like Revelation Space and Chasm City, and his latest novel follows starship let by Captain Rackmore that explores ancient alien civilizations, searching for advanced technologies that can give humanity a foothold. A pair of new crewmates signed on to save their family from financial ruin, only to discover that Rackmore's rivals might be just as deadly.
Thunderbird by Chuck Wendig
Every now and again, an author will have a couple of releases in the same month: that's the case with Chuck Wendig. In addition to his aforementioned Star Wars novel, he has a new entry in his Miriam Black urban fantasy series. Black is a fantastic, sharp character, and in this new installment, she seeks out another psychic who can help her understand her “gift”: whenever she touches someone, she sees how they will die. It's a problem, because she's getting addicted to these visions.
Just how far will Google go to hide its custom-built data-center hardware from the rest of the world?
In one Silicon Valley data center, the company is apparently so paranoid about competitors catching a glimpse of its gear, it's been known to keep its server cages in complete darkness, outfitting its technical staff like miners and sending them spelunking into the cages with lights on their heads.
"Many [companies] try to keep things covered up. There's a lot of valuable intellectual property in here," says Chris Sharp, general manager of content and cloud at Equinix, as he walks through the company's data center. "But we were always amazed by Google and the helmets."
Google is one of many big-name web outfits that lease data-center space from Equinix – a company whose massive computing facilities serve as hubs for the world's biggest internet providers. All the big web names set up shop in these data centers, so that they too can plug into the hub. The irony is that they must also share space with their biggest rivals, and this may cause some unease with companies that see their hardware as a competitive advantage best hidden from others.
About two years ago, Chris Sharp says, Google unscrewed all the light bulbs inside the hardware cages it occupied at that Equinix data center. "They had us turn off all overhead lights too, and their guys put on those helmets with lights you see miners wear," he tells Wired. "Presumably, they were bringing up custom-built gear they didn't want anyone else to see."
Google declined to comment on Sharp's little anecdote. But the tale is not surprising. Google designs its own servers and its own networking gear, and though it still leases space in third-party data centers such as the Equinix facility, it's now designing and building its own data centers as well. These designs are meant to improve the performance of the company's web services but also save power and money. More so than any other outfit, Google views its data-center work as an important advantage over competitors.
That said, Google has actually loosened up in recent years. In 2009, the company opened a window into the first custom-built data center it had built five years before, and it has discussed parts of its newer facilities. But many of its operations remain a mystery.
Some believe this should change. Facebook now designs its own data centers and servers, and as a direct response to Google's approach, the social-networking outfit has "open sourced" its designs, hoping to encourage collaboration on designs across the industry. This, Facebook says, will allow the rest of the world to save power in much the same way Google has done and ultimately, well, save the planet.
Several companies have already embraced this effort, including Netflix, the Texas-based cloud provider Rackspace and Japanese tech giant NTT Data. But others still prefer to keep their secret hardware secret.
Hosting With The Enemy
Amazon, for instance, takes a Google-like approach. The company says very little about the facilities it runs or the hardware in those facilities. Apparently, the company is working with server sellers such as ZT Systems to customize its servers, and it has followed Google's lead in constructing its data centers with modular shipping containers. But it's unclear just how far the company has gone towards designing and building its own hardware.
This week, the internet is rife with speculation about just how many machines back the company's Elastic Compute Cloud service.
At Google, employees sign strict non-disclosure agreements that bar them from discussing what goes on inside the company's data centers – and apparently, this agreement is open-ended. That alone puts a lid on Google's deepest secrets. We've seen the NDA in action – many times. But for Google, and others, there's an added problem when they set up shop in a "co-location" facility like the data centers run by Equinix.
The nature of the beast is that you're sharing space with competitors. Equinix trumpets its data centers as places where the giants of the web can improve performance by plugging their gear straight into the world's biggest internet carriers – and into each other. The company began life offering a service – the Internet Core Exchange – that connected all the major internet service providers, and now it lets other outfits plug into this carrier hub.
According to Sharp, over 70 carriers used the company's main data center in San Jose, California. "We were a place for network operators to efficiently hand off traffic, and that's the legacy that created Equinix," Sharp says. "Not only are networks leveraging that to talk to each other, but [websites] are too."
Security is high in the company's facilities. Hand geometry readers – i.e. fingerprint readers that extend beyond fingerprints – guard access to the data center floor. There's a security camera looking at you every time you turn around. And each company can contain their gear in their own cages, protected by still more hand readers. But if you're on the floor, you can peer into the cages. For cooling purposes, they're not walled off.
While some companies proudly display their logo on the side of their machines, the Googles of the world do their best to hide themselves. To keep competitors from eying their gear, Sharp says, many companies keep the lights off inside their cages when no one's working in them. But others go even further.
Amber Heard is the latest name circulating Warner Bros.' upcoming Justice League movie.
According to Variety, Heard is in talks to play the Queen of Atlantis, Mera. If she signs onto the project, she'll also play Aquaman's love interest in the upcoming stand-alone movie.
Although the Justice League movie is still a year away, various actors have already been confirmed to be a part of the project. Ben Affleck, Gal Gadot and Henry Cavill will reprise their roles as Batman, Wonder Woman and Superman from the upcoming Batman v Superman: Dawn of Justice. They'll be joined by Ezra Miller, who's playing the Flash in his character's own stand-alone movie due out in 2018, and Jason Momoa, who's been cast as Aquaman, also due out in 2018.
Both Miller and Momoa are expected to make brief appearances in Dawn of Justice before their own films next year, but there's no indication as to whether Heard would also cameo in Zack Snyder's film.
Not much is known about the Justice League film, other than it's being helmed by Snyder and production starts this April. Justice League will be released on Nov. 17, 2019.
Ryca CS-1 Cafe Racer Kit Reading time: about 2 minutes. American
Cafe Racers
Engineering
Kits
Motorcycles
Retro
The Ryca CS-1 is a bolt-on cafe racer kit for the Suzuki Savage that's been in steady production for just over 10 years, the bike has become something of a cult classic in the USA and Suzuki dealers are now getting onboard to produce them in-house, selling right off the showroom floor.
The CS-1 project started when Casey and Ryan, the founders of Ryca, realised that the Suzuki Savage cafe racer they were building was something that a huge number of people would be interested in building for themselves, if they could simplify the process and create an easy to assemble kit.
A few months later the Ryca CS-1 Cafe Racer rolled out of the garage with a fully catalogued build process and blueprints for the slew of bespoke parts required to build it. A website was created and before you know it, orders began to roll in. Skip forward a few years and there have been hundreds of Ryca kits sent to all four corners of the globe, Casey and Ryan have been featured on Jay Leno's Garage (video available above) where an initially skeptical Leno was converted to an enthusiastic brand ambassador by the end of the clip.
With pricing starting at $2,795 for the Cafe Racer Kit and decent, secondhand Suzuki Savages selling for somewhere in the region of a few hundred to just over $1,000 – the Ryca CS-1 is a highly affordable motorcycle for those who aren't shy of pulling out the tool kit and getting their hands dirty.
With the stock 650cc single-cylinder engine producing approximately 35 to 40hp at the rear wheel the Ryca CS-1 is a bike that will more than happily keep pace with modern traffic, and with a wet weight of well under 400lbs it's a nimble, great handling bike well suited to urban environments.
Click here to visit Ryca.
Tour Consists of 5 US Gigs.
Legendary alternative rock super group Temple of the Dog have announced their first ever tour. The tour will take in five dates across the United States and is intended to commemorate the 25th anniversary of the group's self titled debut album. Temple of the Dog consists of Chris Cornell of Soundgarden, Matt Cameron of Soundgarden and Pearl Jam, and Stone Gossard, Mike McCready, and Jeff Ament of Pearl Jam. They wrote and released their one album as tribute to Andrew Wood, the singer of Mother Love Bone and Cornell's flat mate, who tragically passed away at the age of 24 in 1990. Check out the video announcing the tour dates above.
Tour Dates:
Tower Theater, Philadelphia, 4 November 2016
Madison Square Garden, New York, 7 November 2016
Bill Graham Civic Auditorium, San Francisco, 11 November 2016
The Forum, Los Angeles, 14 November 2016
Paramount Theater, Seattle 20 November 2016
Follow Temple of the Dog on Facebook.
Follow Overblown on Facebook and Twitter.
Get the biggest daily stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
More than 100 new jobs are being created at Belfast International Airport.
The 85 full-time and 30 part-time posts will be across a variety of aviation support services including on-site food outlets, taxi operations and private charter flights.
Belfast International Airport director of commercial development Brian Carlin said: "These jobs have little or no lead-in times. There's a need for them now as we prepare for a bumper year with hundreds of thousands more passengers.
"Right across the board, we're seeing welcome growth. Airlines and airports generate jobs and new business opportunities at little or no cost to the taxpayer."
Catering firm SSP is planning to increase its workforce by 20 full-time and 30 part-time staff while the Fed & Watered outlet will add 10 new employees to the payroll.
Belfast Airport Taxis is taking on 30 additional drivers to deal with the expected increase in passenger numbers when Ryanair routes open next month.
Catering, retail and logistics company, LSG has 16 places to fill while the private charter company, Jet Assist, is creating six jobs and Car Care Solutions are recruiting for three new positions.
The announcement brings to 298 the total number of new jobs at the airport over the past two months which are expected to inject an additional £1.5million in wages into the local economy.
Meanwhile, the airport chief has also urged the Stormont Government to put in place an air route development fund which could help expand the business even further and to deal with the controversial departure tax issue.
Mr Carlin added: "We've announced almost 300 new jobs over a nine-week period and that's the equivalent of a major overseas inward investment costing millions of pounds. In a real sense, we're growing the business without reliance on the public purse.
"All we ask in return is that ministers do something more than say they recognise the importance of this business and get on with the job of putting in place a realistic, equitable and adequately resourced Air Route Development Fund to help us grow the network.
"We are making a difference, but we could do much more with a focused approach on an air route development fund and of course, addressing air passenger duty which is an intolerable burden that is holding us back."
MORE:
MORE:
Intermediate: I expect you to know a moderate amount of Unity and C# coding to follow this tutorial, and I don't go into beginner-level detail. Please refer to my Beginner's Pong Tutorial if you're a beginner and find this tutorial too advanced. You can still download the full demo project below and poke around.
Following on from my previous article explaining drag-and-drop functionality, I'd like to show you how to implement ‘snapping' objects to a specific place, such as a Scrabble grid:
How does it work?
We will create a simple Scrabble/Words with Friends demo, with a few tiles that can be dragged onto a board grid, so we'll:
Create a board with a grid of possible letter tile positions.
Create tiles with different letters on.
Allow dragging of the tile objects.
Determine where a tile should be placed when it is dropped.
Smoothly move the tile to the correct position for a nice feel.
Get started
Create a new Unity project and choose the 2D settings. Download the sprites package below.
I've included some public domain letter tiles in the project. As usual I use art by Kenney, who provides tons of great free art for the game development community. You can find his art – and ways to support him – at Kenney's website
Build a game board
To build a game board, I created a simple square cell prefab with a sprite and a BoxCollider2D. I then created a row from 5 cells side by side. Finally, I stacked 5 rows vertically to create a grid. There's nothing notable about the grid, so you should be able to create your own without detailed instructions, or you can just copy the one in the sample project.
I gave the grid its own layer so that I could tell the InputManager to ignore it. This ensures that the input doesn't incorrectly detect touches on the grid when the player is trying to grab a letter, and raycasts can be a little unusual if you're not careful.
Drag and Drop Script
The script that controls the drag-and-drop functionality is basically the same script from my previous article, so I won't explain it again here. The main difference here is that the script calls some public methods on the Tile objects when a tile is picked up or dropped.
Here's the drag and drop script in full.
Note: This script calls methods on the Tile script, so you can't test this script out until you've also created the Tile script, which we'll do next.
using UnityEngine; using System.Collections; public class InputManager : MonoBehaviour { private bool draggingItem = false; private GameObject draggedObject; private Vector2 touchOffset; void Update() { if (HasInput) { DragOrPickUp(); } else { if (draggingItem) DropItem(); } } Vector2 CurrentTouchPosition { get { return Camera.main.ScreenToWorldPoint(Input.mousePosition); } } private void DragOrPickUp() { var inputPosition = CurrentTouchPosition; if (draggingItem) { draggedObject.transform.position = inputPosition + touchOffset; } else { RaycastHit2D[] touches = Physics2D.RaycastAll(inputPosition, inputPosition, 0.5f); if (touches.Length > 0) { var hit = touches[0]; if (hit.transform != null && hit.transform.tag == "Tile") { draggingItem = true; draggedObject = hit.transform.gameObject; touchOffset = (Vector2)hit.transform.position - inputPosition; hit.transform.GetComponent<Tile>().PickUp(); } } } } private bool HasInput { get { // returns true if either the mouse button is down or at least one touch is felt on the screen return Input.GetMouseButton(0); } } void DropItem() { draggingItem = false; draggedObject.transform.localScale = new Vector3(1, 1, 1); draggedObject.GetComponent<Tile>().Drop(); } }
The Tile Script
The tiles themselves have a script that handles what happens when the tile is manipulated.
Before we get to the full Tile script code I'll explain what the script does.
We have two public methods (that are called by the InputManager script) to handle picking up and dropping the tile.
PickUp()
This method simply makes the tile a big larger and raises its sprite's sorting order so it is always above whatever you're dragging it over.
transform.localScale = new Vector3(1.1f,1.1f,1.1f); gameObject.GetComponent<SpriteRenderer>().sortingOrder = 1;
Drop()
The important code in the Tile script is the Drop method. I'll explain each piece of the method separately, and you can see it all together in the full Tile.cs script later.
The first thing we do is undo the scaling and sorting adjustment that was done when the tile was picked up:
transform.localScale = new Vector3(1, 1, 1); gameObject.GetComponent<SpriteRenderer>().sortingOrder = 0;
In the OnTriggerEnter2D() and OnTriggerExit2D() methods, we keep a running list of any grid cells that the tile is currently touching. The code for that is straightforward, and you can see it in the full script code, so I won't detail it here.
Knowing that we are keeping track of grid cells in contact with the tile we first check if the tile it's touching any grid cells. If not, we set the tile back to its original starting position and make sure its parent is reset (as you'll see in a moment, when a tile is dropped on the grid we make it a child of whichever cell it was placed into).
if (touchingTiles.Count == 0) { transform.position = startingPosition; transform.parent = myParent; return; }
Deciding the Closest Cell
If the tile is touching only 1 cell, we drop the tile into that cell; if multiple cells are being touched, we cycle through them all and figure out which is the closest.
var currentCell = touchingTiles[0]; if (touchingTiles.Count == 1) { newPosition = currentCell.position; } else { var distance = Vector2.Distance(transform.position, touchingTiles[0].position); foreach (Transform cell in touchingTiles) { if (Vector2.Distance(transform.position, cell.position) < distance) { currentCell = cell; distance = Vector2.Distance(transform.position, cell.position); } } newPosition = currentCell.position; }
Finally, we have to make sure the cell is not occupied before dropping the tile into it:
if (currentCell.childCount != 0) { transform.position = startingPosition; transform.parent = myParent; return; } else { transform.parent = currentCell; StartCoroutine(SlotIntoPlace(transform.position, newPosition)); }
Smoothing the Drop
One last thing we do is to make the tile slide neatly into its cell so it doesn't appear to suddenly snap into place.
We achieve a smooth effect by using a co-routine to gradually move the tile's position over a period of time until it's exactly centered on the cell. We use the tile's current position as the starting point and the cell's position as the destination. Then we use Vector2.Lerp to move the tile closer and closer to the destination over the amount of time we specify.
One extra trick I added was to force the tile's position to match the end position exactly once the co-routine has run its course. This prevents the possibility of the tile not perfectly lining up with the cell's position due to rounding errors (you can think of it as a final check: if the tile's position is not the same as the cell's position then force it).
IEnumerator SlotIntoPlace(Vector2 startingPos, Vector2 endingPos) { float duration = 0.1f; float elapsedTime = 0; while (elapsedTime < duration) { transform.position = Vector2.Lerp(startingPos, endingPos, elapsedTime / duration); elapsedTime += Time.deltaTime; yield return new WaitForEndOfFrame(); } transform.position = endingPos; }
The Full Tile Script
Here's the tile script in full. I've also added an audio source to the tiles in the demo so the tiles make a nice sound when they slide into place.
using UnityEngine; using System.Collections; using System.Collections.Generic; public class Tile : MonoBehaviour { private Vector2 startingPosition; private List<Transform> touchingTiles; private Transform myParent; private AudioSource audSource; private void Awake() { startingPosition = transform.position; touchingTiles = new List<Transform>(); myParent = transform.parent; audSource = gameObject.GetComponent<AudioSource>(); } public void PickUp() { transform.localScale = new Vector3(1.1f,1.1f,1.1f); gameObject.GetComponent<SpriteRenderer>().sortingOrder = 1; } public void Drop() { transform.localScale = new Vector3(1, 1, 1); gameObject.GetComponent<SpriteRenderer>().sortingOrder = 0; Vector2 newPosition; if (touchingTiles.Count == 0) { transform.position = startingPosition; transform.parent = myParent; return; } var currentCell = touchingTiles[0]; if (touchingTiles.Count == 1) { newPosition = currentCell.position; } else { var distance = Vector2.Distance(transform.position, touchingTiles[0].position); foreach (Transform cell in touchingTiles) { if (Vector2.Distance(transform.position, cell.position) < distance) { currentCell = cell; distance = Vector2.Distance(transform.position, cell.position); } } newPosition = currentCell.position; } if (currentCell.childCount != 0) { transform.position = startingPosition; transform.parent = myParent; return; } else { transform.parent = currentCell; StartCoroutine(SlotIntoPlace(transform.position, newPosition)); } } void OnTriggerEnter2D(Collider2D other) { if (other.tag != "Cell") return; if (!touchingTiles.Contains(other.transform)) { touchingTiles.Add(other.transform); } } void OnTriggerExit2D(Collider2D other) { if (other.tag != "Cell") return; if (touchingTiles.Contains(other.transform)) { touchingTiles.Remove(other.transform); } } IEnumerator SlotIntoPlace(Vector2 startingPos, Vector2 endingPos) { float duration = 0.1f; float elapsedTime = 0; audSource.Play(); while (elapsedTime < duration) { transform.position = Vector2.Lerp(startingPos, endingPos, elapsedTime / duration); elapsedTime += Time.deltaTime; yield return new WaitForEndOfFrame(); } transform.position = endingPos; } }
That's All, Folks
That's everything. You can check the demo project if you can't recreate the functionality fully.
Businesses have held back on spending ahead of the election, because of a lack of clarity on broader policy but also specifically on uncertainty about health care costs, taxes and the “fiscal cliff.” The fiscal cliff is the year-end expiration of tax breaks and a round of budgetary cuts that come in the first quarter if Congress fails to act. The result would be a hit of about 3 percent on GDP next year, but substantially sharper in the first quarter, Zandi said.
“I can't believe businesses are not out there saying: ‘I don't have a reason to hire anybody. Interest rates are going nowhere. I can wait a couple of months to see what happens in the election,'” said BTIG chief global strategist Dan Greenhaus. “There is absolutely nothing on their horizon to suggest that between now and the end of the year that anything will change in the economy.”
Even though European leaders are taking actionto stem the sovereign crisis, markets have given them little credit. The faltering economy in Europe is also pinching the U.S. economy, which saw a drop off in manufacturing exportslast month. The recovery in risk assets, like stocks and commodities, that came after last week's European summithas already faded, and there are again concerns about the Spanish bank bailout haunting the markets. The euro Friday fell to a two-year low.
“It's like quick sand. It's like mud,” Greenhaus said of the economic malaise.
Credit Suisse economist Jonathan Basile had another description: “It's like trying to sprint through molasses. It's great for conditioning but it's hard as hell,” he said. Like an athlete, “sometimes when the economy runs too slow, it feels like it hurts.”
Basile expects the Fed to jump in and help out the economy, announcing another round of quantitative easing at its Sept. 13 meeting.
“They tend to do their job, and their job in their eyes is to do what they need to do for the broader economy," he said. "The Bernanke Fed is not one to sit on its hands."
But Zandi does not expect the Fed to take immediate action, as it doesn't have enough evidence that the economy is heading south.
Image copyright Contributor Image caption The pictures are branded with "IS in West Africa"
Islamist militant group Boko Haram has released photos apparently showing a rocket-making factory in north-eastern Nigeria.
The group has used rocket-propelled grenades in the past and many Nigerians have been asking where the weapons have been coming from.
The photos seem to indicate that members of the group have the technical know-how to manufacture weapons.
The pictures are believed to have been taken in a college in Borno state.
They were sent as a Whatsapp messages to the BBC Hausa service using a telephone number from Cameroon, and have also been published on sites linked to so-called Islamic State, which Boko Haram has joined.
Analysts say it looks as though the machinery is from Bama, a town in north-eastern Nigeria recently recaptured from Boko Haram.
An inscription on one of the machines shows the abbreviation of Government Technical College Bama (GTCB).
The equipment appears to have been donated to the college by the Educational Trust Fund (ETF) in 2005.
It is not clear when the pictures were taken, or whether the equipment has been moved from Bama.
The army has recaptured most of the towns previously under Boko Haram control but the group still carries out frequent attacks, especially in Borno State, where Bama is located.
Image copyright Contributor
Boko Haram at a glance:
Founded in 2002, initially focused on opposing Western-style education - Boko Haram means "Western education is forbidden" in the Hausa language
Launched military operations from Maiduguri in 2009
Thousands killed, mostly in north-eastern Nigeria, hundreds abducted, including at least 200 schoolgirls
Joined so-called Islamic State, now calls itself IS's "West African province"
Seized large area in north-east, where it declared caliphate
Regional force has retaken most territory this year
Why Boko Haram remains a threat
Who is Boko Haram?
Teaching jihadists to love football
Should the repeal pass, New Hampshire would be the first state in which a legislature has reversed itself on the issue of same-sex marriage. In Maine, voters repealed a marriage law through a referendum in November 2009, shortly after the Legislature approved it. This fall, a ballot initiative will ask voters to make same-sex marriage legal again. The California Supreme Court ruled in 2008 that same-sex couples there had a right to marry, but voters banned same-sex marriage in an initiative later that year. The issue remains in court.
In a recent poll by the University of New Hampshire Survey Center, 59 percent of respondents were either strongly or somewhat opposed to repealing the law, while 32 percent said they supported repeal.
Representative David Bates, a Republican, filed the repeal bill in January 2011, shortly after Republicans took control of the legislature. But House leaders postponed a vote, saying they needed to focus on the budget. Under legislative rules, the bill must come up for a vote this year, although lawmakers could vote to table it again.
A House vote would need to take place by March 29, the deadline for the House to send its legislation to the Senate. Mr. Bates said Monday that he was working on ways to broaden the bill's support in both chambers, like changing or removing a sentence that states, “Children can only be conceived naturally through copulation by heterosexual couples.”
“I recognize there are things in it that some aren't happy with,” he said, “so we're going to change it, get it to a place where as many people as possible are comfortable with it.”
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
Mr. Bates dismissed the University of New Hampshire poll findings, saying, “It's just not credible to suggest the people of New Hampshire are the aberration of the nation.”
A New York Times/CBS News poll conducted this month found that 40 percent of respondents supported same-sex marriage, while 23 percent supported civil unions for gay couples and 31 percent said there should be no legal recognition of a gay couple's relationship.
When New Hampshire became the sixth state to approve same-sex marriage, in 2009 — following California, Connecticut, Iowa, Massachusetts and Vermont — it was not an easy feat. The law passed with close votes in both chambers, which were then under Democratic control, and with last-minute support from Governor Lynch, who had preferred civil unions.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Since then, about 1,900 same-sex couples have wed in the state. The repeal bill would not invalidate those marriages, but would allow only civil unions for gay couples moving forward.
Same-sex couples can currently marry in Connecticut, Iowa, Massachusetts, New Hampshire, New York, Vermont and the District of Columbia. Lawmakers in Washington State approved a same-sex marriage law this month, and Gov. Martin O'Malley of Maryland is poised to sign one this week, though opponents are seeking referendums to nullify both laws. New Jersey passed a similar bill this month as well, but Gov. Chris Christie, a Republican, vetoed it.
Meanwhile, voters in Minnesota will decide in November and in North Carolina in May whether to enact constitutional bans on same-sex marriage. Such bans already exist in about 30 states.
Mr. Bates said that if the repeal bill failed this year, he would not give up. Governor Lynch is leaving office at year's end, and both Republicans who have entered the race to succeed him support repeal.
But Representative Seth Cohn, a libertarian Republican who opposes the repeal, said he thought it would in fact harm the Republicans' chance of staying in power after 2012, whether or not it succeeds.
“They want this as an election issue,” he said of the Democrats. “I think it's going to backlash against the Republicans who, in the face of the polls, are choosing not to believe the average person is O.K. with this situation.”
Two federal MPs are throwing a challenge flag over Canada's new all-American policy on Super Bowl ads, hoping the country's broadcast regulator will rethink a decision they say could cost tens of millions of dollars.
The Canadian Radio-television and Telecommunications Commission is forcing the National Football League to run an unfiltered broadcast of its championship game so that Canadians can see the big-budget, star-packed ads some grumble about missing each year.
But that's caused alarm from numerous parties: the NFL, which sold the Canadian rights to the game; U.S. federal commerce officials; CTV, which paid for the Canadian rights and recoups costs by selling domestic ads; and Canadian advertisers, who say the snap decision is costing them money on their biggest day of the year.
Story continues below advertisement
Two Liberal MPs, both committee chairs, are asking the CRTC to quickly reverse course.
Bob Nault and Wayne Easter have written letters to several policy-makers saying the decision is costing the Canadian economy tens of millions of dollars, that it will result in the airing of ads for some products Canadians can't even buy, and they're urging a policy change before the Feb. 5 game.
"There seems to be no real rationale for making this kind of one-off decision," Nault said in an interview Thursday.
"This has a huge impact... Just one company — (CTV owner Bell Media) — is forecasting about a $40 million loss. This is serious. And what shocks me the most is the information we're receiving is that this was all based on less than 100 people complaining that they couldn't see the American commercials."
The CRTC adopted its new policy in early 2015 as it studied the broader issue of simultaneous substitution — the process where Canadian rights-holders place domestic ad spots they've sold into a live broadcast.
The federal regulator said the quality of such broadcasts can be spotty. It also pointed to complaints about missing Super Bowl ads. In the end, the regulator maintained simultaneous substitution for every type of broadcast — except the Super Bowl.
That prompted howls of protest from the NFL and its Canadian partners about discriminatory treatment. It has enlisted well-connected U.S. lobbyists, who have raised the issue with American federal officials.
Story continues below advertisement
Story continues below advertisement
Now the Liberal MPs have issued letters to various parties, including Heritage Minister Melanie Joly.
They're hoping to exert some pressure on the broadcast regulator before its January board meeting — in an effort to get a reversal, just before the big game Feb. 5. The CRTC is an arm's-length body, meaning it can act independently.
However, Nault said there are different ways to spike the decision.
Those include appealing to Health Canada, which regulates health-related advertisements in the country, to argue that U.S. broadcasts often feature ads for pharmaceuticals that aren't allowed in Canada.
Nault said he believes Health Canada, for instance, has the power to order a pause on CRTC policy: "That's one option."
These latest letters follow similar ones from the U.S. Commerce Department to two Canadian federal departments, and from the NFL to David MacNaughton, Canada's ambassador to Washington.
Cook County Circuit Court Judge Carl Anthony Walker allowed a lawsuit challenging Chicago's 9 percent tax on internet-based streaming media services, such a Netflix, Spotify and Xbox Live, to proceed this afternoon. The lawsuit, which the Liberty Justice Center filed in September on behalf of customers of these services, challenged the application of the city's expansion of the Amusement Tax to internet-based streaming media services. The lawsuit argues that the expansion of the tax is unconstitutional and illegal under state and federal law.
Walker denied the City of Chicago's request to dismiss the counts challenging the ordinance as a violation of the Illinois Constitution's Uniformity Clause, the U.S. Constitution's Commerce Clause and the federal Internet Tax Freedom Act. The court also dismissed claims that the city comptroller exceeded his authority in extending the city's amusement tax to internet-based streaming media services because of later action taken by City Council.
Liberty Justice Center Attorney Jeffrey Schwab offered the following comment on today's court actions: “We are pleased that the court allowed these claims to proceed. The City of Chicago cannot tax services such as Netflix and Spotify in a discriminatory manner or outside of its constitutional bounds.”
BACKGROUND: Chicago has a 9 percent “amusement tax,” which traditionally has applied to concerts, sporting events and other entertainment or recreational activities. But in June 2015, the city's Finance Department unilaterally expanded the scope of the amusement tax to also include online streaming media services such as Netflix, Spotify and Xbox Live.
Chicago residents who use online streaming media services are now forced to pay an additional 9 percent surcharge “for the privilege” of using these services. The Liberty Justice Center filed a lawsuit seeking to strike down the new tax because the city does not have the authority under the Illinois and U.S. constitutions to impose taxes on online streaming media services.
The lawsuit also alleges the new tax violates the federal Internet Freedom Tax Act and the Uniformity Clause of the Illinois Constitution because it taxes some internet-based streaming media at a higher rate than similar services not delivered via the Internet.
View court documents here: http://illin.is/2aghioa
###
For bookings or interviews: Kayla Weems 312-346-5700 or 312-607-4977
The remains of two bodies were pulled Wednesday from a south Annapolis mansion destroyed early this week by a four-alarm fire.
The bodies were transported to the Office of the Chief Medical Examiner in Baltimore for identification, said county fire department spokesman Capt. Russ Davies. Four people remain unaccounted for, he said.
The search was suspended at 5 p.m. Wednesday because of darkness. It will resume at 8 a.m. Thursday.
"There's still a lot of work to be done," Davies said. "This is a massive effort that will take days to complete."
Fire officials and agents with the federal bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives, or ATF, began searching what is left of the 16,000-square-foot home on Childs Point Road earlier in the day. They hadn't been able to go into the home Monday or Tuesday because of hot spots and the unstable condition of the burned-out property, Davies said.
Cadaver dogs detected the remains around midday Wednesday.
The home was owned by Don and Sandra Pyle. Family members told fire investigators they believed the Pyles and their four grandchildren were in the home when it caught fire, and gave them suggestions on where to search.
Davies declined to say where in the home the remains were found. Further information about the identities and ages of the deceased won't be available until after the Office of the Chief Medical Examiner completes its investigation, Davies said.
The search occurred as snow began to fall at the site.
"This is an emergency operation, so it will continue regardless of the weather," Davies said.
In a letter obtained by The Capital, Severn School Headmaster Doug Lagarde identified the four grandchildren as Wes and Charlotte Boone, and Katie and Lexi Boone.
In a message to her friends on Facebook Tuesday, Stacey Boone, the mother of Lexi and Katie, said: "I never knew that I could hurt this badly. It's unreal. All one big nightmare that I can't wake up from."
Former County Councilman Jamie Benoit, who knew the four missing children, said Monday their parents confirmed the worst to him.
Although fire officials do not suspect foul play, they said they will continue to investigate the incident as a crime scene. Dogs trained to detect accelerants hadn't been brought to the scene as of 4 p.m. Wednesday.
The fire department, which has 25 to 30 personnel at the scene, is being assisted by the National Response Team for the ATF. The ATF has 15 to 20 agents, plus support staff, at the scene, Davies said.
Because of the size of the house and the amount of debris, the investigation will take a long time.
"It will be days, not hours, to get this done," Davies said.
Hot spots
Special Agent David Cheplak, an ATF spokesman at the scene, said the agency is providing help in part due to the size of the residence, which he likened to that of a church or warehouse.
Fire dispatchers began receiving calls at 3:30 a.m. Monday about a blaze at 936 Childs Point Road, about a mile south of Forest Drive. The first call came from a home security company. Firefighters arrived on the scene about two minutes later, officials said.
The mansion was "heavily involved," Davies said, and firefighters weren't able to enter due to smoke and flames. The huge structure also was collapsing.
Fire officials immediately called for second and third alarms. Due to the size of the house, the extent of the fire and a lack of nearby fire hydrants, a fourth alarm was sounded a short time later.
More than 80 firefighters from several jurisdictions battled the blaze. With no fire hydrants in the area, a fireboat and tanker trucks were brought in, some from as far away as Prince George's County, Davies said.
The tanker trucks can carry between 2,500 and 3,000 gallons of water, allowing the fire crews to start dousing the fire before the fireboat arrived, Davies said. Once the fireboat arrived, it was able to pump about 2,000 gallons of water a minute into the blaze from nearby water sources.
The fire wasn't under control until 7:05 a.m.
Tax records show the home and property were worth $6.2 million. The home, which had seven bedrooms and 7 1/2 bathrooms, was completed in 2005.
County development records described the property as having two stories, an elevator, a fireplace and a swim spa.
The house, according to the records, was built with structural steel, a wood frame and masonry. It had well water, gas heat and smoke detectors, but no fire suppression sprinkler system, the records indicated.
A representative of White and Williams LLP, a Philadelphia law firm that represents AIG, the property insurer, told The Capital the home was worth $13.9 million.
The process
Bruce Bouch, a spokesman for the Office of the State Fire Marshal, said whether a fire is small or large, the investigative process is essentially the same.
Investigators start by taking the exterior of the building into account, Bouch said.
Robert Duval, a spokesman for the National Fire Protection Association, which provides the guidelines for state fire marshal's office and other jurisdictions, said investigators try to capture a "global picture" of the blaze.
"They get an idea from first responders and witnesses what they saw," he said.
There are no witnesses who saw how Monday's fire began, Davies said.
"You talk with first responders (and) look at pictures and video to determine the area of origin," Bouch said.
Investigators will look at burn and smoke patterns to develop theories on where and how the blaze began. They will then begin ruling out theories.
No cause or place of origin has been established for Monday's fire.
Once inside a building "you try to figure out what is least damaged and work your way to what is most damaged," Bouch said. "When you're lucky enough to have a room-and-contents fire, it's right there, but when you have a fire of this magnitude the process becomes much more complex."
Larger homes with open floor plans can allow fires to spread more quickly, as there is more oxygen to feed them, Bouch said.
County investigators are primarily concerned with arson, as insurance companies have to conduct their own investigations for civil liability purposes, Davies said.
If there are fatalities, Duval said, investigators have to determine where and how they occurred.
There were two fatal fires in the county last year.
Staff writers Chase Cook, Tim Prudente and Elisha Sauers contributed to this story.
No, Free Speech Is Not Threatened By The Right
Scott Greer
Deputy Editor
ESPN host Jemele Hill calling President Trump a “white supremacist” is the latest battle in America's grueling cultural war.
After Hill received backlash from right-wing media and became a fixture of news coverage, the White House was asked to weigh in on the subject at Wednesday's press briefing.
“That is one of the more outrageous comments that anyone could make and certainly something that is a fireable offense by ESPN,” White House press secretary Sarah Sanders answered. (RELATED: White House Says ESPN Host's Comments About Trump Are A ‘Fireable Offense')
With that statement, the outrage over Hill was redirected towards the president. What Sanders said was interpreted by the media as the White House demanding a private company terminate one of its employees; an apparent sign of encroaching tyranny.
Soon thereafter, concerns of right-wing political correctness rose again to the fore of national discourse. And many of those railing against conservative “snowflakes” were respectable conservative pundits, such as National Review's David French.
“Snowflake Republicans are no better than snowflake progressives. Respect free speech. It's not that hard,” French angrily declared. The National Review writer admitted that ESPN has ridiculous double standards when it comes to the political views of its commentators, but he argued that that is no reason for conservatives to insist on hoisting the sports network by its own petard.
Instead, conservatives should just “rebut bad speech with better speech,” according to French.
In a perfect world, that's all we would need to do. However, we don't live in that utopia and ESPN is effectively saying that it will only punish conservative speech of its employees while allowing the most ridiculous left-wing comments to be aired.
In spite of that development, the result of this controversy is further reinforcing the faulty view of liberals and some conservatives that right-wing outrage is just as much of a threat, if not more so, than left-wing political correctness.
This idea is already ridiculous just taking ESPN as an example. The network has a very long record of punishing its talent who engage in right-leaning commentary or political incorrectness, but is fine with their stars comparing the tea party to ISIS.
Hill herself faced no consequences for her actions as she wasn't even taken off the air during the uproar. Moreover, she became a martyr to the Left as numerous pundits and commentators rushed to claim that calling Trump a “white supremacist” is merely a statement of fact.
The concern over the alleged right-wing threat to free speech is finding its greatest expression in higher education. Yes, the institution that can't even host conservative speakers and makes life miserable for students with right-wing views is no longer a place for free discussion — thanks to the Right.
This ludicrous sentiment was echoed in two recent articles. The Chronicle of Higher Education highlighted the plights of left-wing professors who have suffered from the horror of conservative media covering their stupid comments.
The professors featured in the article have done such things as call for white people to be killed, urge the assassination of the the president and claim Texas deserved Hurricane Harvey for voting for Trump. The most they suffered, with the exception of two who lost their jobs, was received criticism from their schools.
This feature piece led social psychologist Jonathan Haidt, a vocal critic of left-wing campus insanity, to assert that “professors now have to fear intimidation from both sides.”
Haidt accuses conservative media outlets of distorting the comments of leftist professors in order to maximize outrage among internet mobs. According to Haidt, who is a professor at New York University, the effect of covering a professor calling for violence against Trump supporters has just as much of a chilling effect on academic speech as Antifa mobs.
That might make sense only if you willfully ignore the overwhelming political bias of academia — which lends support to extreme left views — and if you're fine with equating conservative journalism to leftist threats of violence.
Every single leftist professor who has faced backlash for their comments has usually said something so ridiculous to warrant some attention. These people do shape young minds, and if they believe that white people deserve to die, then that's worth bringing attention to.
The only “consequence” most of these professors have faced is criticism from their schools. The Chronicle, and Haidt to a lesser extent, seem to think that the colleges should stand up for their professors when they spout left-wing hate.
Considering how the University of Missouri and Evergreen State College are both witnessing steep declines in enrollment due to their leftist reputations, school administrators are probably right to not defend calls for assassinating Trump and unironic endorsements of white genocide.
Moreover, Campus Reform or The Daily Caller covering the ridiculous comments of these professors isn't leading to some kind of silencing. There are still many professors who continue to use social media to advocate for far left causes. The professor caste is still overwhelmingly left-wing and university curriculum still reflects that imbalance.
As evidenced by the Jemele Hill controversy and coverage of poor professors who get criticized for wanting the president dead, liberals and leftists seem to think it silences speech if the employer does not openly stand with the employee's extremism.
Some of the commentary surrounding Hill seems to think that ESPN should go further into progressive agitation and declare the president of the United States a “white supremacist” as a company.
That would be a horrible business decision, as would be a university endorsing violence against conservatives, but that matters little when it comes to advancing “social justice.”
What these concerns over right-wing political correctness boil down to is left-wing annoyance that institutions don't follow progressive dogma 100 percent and allow absolute freedom of speech for those on the Left.
There is no concern for the speech rights of those on the Right — outside of bad faith arguments trying to shame conservative debate opponents. The same people who think ESPN delivering a mild rebuttal to Hill struck a severe blow against the First Amendment fully supported Google firing James Damore for sharing his opinion.
Powerful institutions in America such as media and universities are still overwhelmingly progressive, and conservative backlash against the ludicrous statements of their representatives only leads to awareness of the problem.
It is not stopping any liberal or leftist from continuing to share their opinion in the public sphere, a contrast to the situation for rightists who have to live with the knowledge that their views could cost them their job and physical safety.
After a week where it cost over $600,000 in security to ensure Ben Shapiro could talk about his relatively tame brand of conservatism at the University of California – Berkeley, only hacks and fools could believe free speech faces a serious threat from the Right.
Read more: http://dailycaller.com/2017/09/17/no-free-speech-is-not-threatened-by-the-right/
Content created by The Daily Caller News Foundation is available without charge to any eligible news publisher that can provide a large audience. For licensing opportunities of our original content, please contact licensing@dailycallernewsfoundation.org.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
LinkedIn
Reddit
Pinterest
Tumblr
WhatsApp
Telegram
Pocket
Like this: Like Loading...
Related
Comments
comments
Donald Trump We all enabled Donald Trump: Our deeply unserious media and reality-TV culture made this horror inevitable Trump could only make a mockery of our politics because the media already had
It is more than a little ironic that the Republican Establishment and the mainstream media are both now in full panic mode over the possibility of Donald Trump winning the GOP nomination. You would think that the Republican Party, which has been, let's face it, hate-spewing, poor-bashing, government-stopping and corporation-loving for decades, ought to be the leading culprit for having paved the way for Trump's success. As for the media, Marco Rubio, who claims to be exactly where he wants to be after losing 14 primaries and caucuses and winning only one, holds them responsible, which, from a candidate who has demonstrated little support outside the media, is a bit disingenuous. Still, even Rubio is occasionally right. The media did have a lot to do with enabling the rise of Donald Trump. Just not how Rubio or most people think.
To enable Trump, what the media did is fulfill what almost seemed to be a longtime mission: to create the first “pseudo-campaign” with the first “pseudo-candidate.” And now they are having buyer's remorse.
Advertisement:
That is not the standard line. The standard line on how the media are to blame is that they give him far more attention than any other candidate, and far more than his empty, sloganeering campaign warrants. According to the Lexis-Nexis tracker, which follows the coverage for each candidate on the Web, Trump laps the field. This past Thursday, he was the subject of 52,683 articles. Bernie Sanders was next at 4,400. In a measure of what Lexis-Nexis calls “voice,” which tallies both Web mentions and mentions on social media like Twitter, Trump received 84 percent of the Republicans' share. No surprise there.
How much of this attention is driven by the media itself and how much by public fascination is hard to determine since these two feed each other. We do know, as Rubio said, that the media gives Trump attention because he is a ratings-getter, and he has cleverly played off this. CBS head Les Moonves gave away the game earlier this week when he admitted, “It may not be good for America,” meaning the Trump-dominated campaign, “but it is damn good for CBS,” meaning the ratings. And then he kept doubling down: “The money's rolling in and this is fun.” “I've never seen anything like this, and this is going to be a very good year for us. Sorry. It's a terrible thing to say. But, bring it on, Donald. Keep going.” “Donald's place in this election is a good thing” – presumably for CBS stockholders. To which I can only say that the networks were granted licenses to the public airwaves, our airwaves, by promising to provide a public service. Moonves just blew that pretense all to hell.
But the media's absorption with Trump wasn't Rubio's sole plaint. He also grumbled that they were not only giving Trump free time, but also pretty much of a free pass. This certainly isn't true when it comes to the press's characterization of Trump. “Stop” has this week replaced “Donald” as Trump's first name. And both left and right certainly purport to hate what he represents. Yet Rubio is largely correct when it comes to challenging Trump for what he says. The media should be pounding Trump not for his bloviation or his braggadocio or his bad manners or even his implied racism and explicit nativism. They should be pounding him for what he purports he will do as president. But they don't, and Trump knows they won't. He knows he can easily bulldoze the press because it is too cowardly to take him on face to face – though, truth be told, Fox News, which has a particular animus toward him, did a pretty good job of taking him on in Thursday's debate.
But even that cowardice isn't the most important way in which the media have enabled Trump and nudged him to the brink of the Republican nomination, even as they wail about the prospect. The far more grievous crime is what the media have been doing to our politics for decades now – something for which Trump just happens to be the chief beneficiary. Nearly 60 years ago, the historian Daniel Boorstin in his seminal book "The Image" described a society in which things were increasingly staged expressly for the media without any intrinsic merit of their own – things like photo ops, press conferences, award ceremonies. He labeled these “pseudo-events” because they only looked like real events, while being hollow inside. And Boorstin defined pseudo-people too – people whose activities, as he put it, had no intrinsic value either. He called them “celebrities,” and he defined them as people who were known for being well-known.
Politics would seem a far cry from the pseudo, if only because it determines real things with real effects, namely how our country is governed. But almost from the time Boorstin was writing, the media had been growing increasingly bored with traditional politics. The media, after all, were in the business of getting an audience, not educating it, which is why campaigns began to assume the contours of movies, and why personalities began to overshadow policies. Still, campaigns retained some grain, however small, of seriousness. Issues were debated. Party ideologies were contrasted. Qualities of leadership were dissected.
Until 2016. If the media were spoiling for a pseudo-campaign, they finally got their wish this year at the point where all the usual trimmings and frivolities of a campaign moved to the center, and the center disappeared. Another way to think about it is that a pseudo-campaign is all about itself and not about the presidency. Just look at the horse race aspect, which has long consumed 95 percent of our election coverage. Trump is the horse-race candidate, expatiating on little else besides his lead in the race. But let's be clear: Donald Trump did not create this situation. He is its heir, and simply the most gifted practitioner of the pseudo-campaign, though Cruz and Rubio, equally pseudo, try hard to purvey the same lack of substance. And let's be clear about something else: We only tolerate this state of affairs because the media have changed our expectations of a campaign. Having given us nothing in election after election but a show, we expect nothing but a show.
Donald Trump was born for this. If he is the heir to our first pseudo-campaign, he is also our first pseudo-candidate because he is, in Boorstin's terms, a celebrity who stands for little besides his celebrity, which doesn't mean that he isn't potent. He is. It just means that he is not held to the standards to which politicians have been traditionally held, not because, as Rubio would have it, the media benefit financially from the drama that surrounds him, though clearly they do, but because they treat him like a celebrity and not a real political candidate. Celebrities aren't expected to be substantive. In any case, while celebrity may not be much of a recommendation for the presidency, it is a hell of a recommendation for a presidential aspirant performing before a media that is far more interested in creating a reality show than presenting a process for selecting a leader. Trump is the Kardashian of politics.
Of course, just about everyone in the media now, excepting Les Moonves, is bemoaning the inevitability of Trump's nomination, which is a bit like the boy who kills his parents and then throws himself on the mercy of the court because he is an orphan. The media may say they regret it, but they did this. They systematically destroyed our politics in the name of entertainment. They systematically conditioned us to anticipate a show. And, frankly, they will keep on doing it. In fact, Moonves seems to indicate that he would fire anyone who didn't.
Advertisement:
So the media can cry all they want and hope to exculpate themselves by trying to stop Trump. But in the end, Trump could only make a mockery of our politics because the media already had.
ATLANTA (AP) — A judge has ruled that the Atlanta Botanical Garden has the right to bar its visitors from bringing in firearms, even though the garden operates on public property.
News outlets report that Fulton County Judge Gail Tusan ruled Thursday that despite the public ownership of the land, the botanical garden is a private entity and may lawfully prohibit guns.
Court records show Phillip Evans, a gun rights group member with a state firearms license, was escorted out of the botanical garden in 2014 for wearing a handgun in a waistband holster. His attorney argued that the garden leases land from the city of Atlanta and cannot keep properly licensed people from carrying weapons there.'
Georgia law allows guns on government land and in government buildings, with some exceptions.
Copyright © 2019 The Washington Times, LLC.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Armstrong defiant in 2009: "I know what I did and did not do. I sleep at night."
To his millions of fans, American cyclist and cancer survivor Lance Armstrong was more than just a great sportsman, he was an inspiration. To the film-maker who documented his spectacular fall from grace, he was a master storyteller. But were his supporters too ready to believe the fairytale?
The story of the charismatic Texan cyclist who recovered from life-threatening cancer and went on to win the Tour de France a record seven successive times was one of the greatest tales in sporting history.
In 2009, Lance Armstrong attempted to write another chapter into the legend by coming out of professional retirement to compete in the Tour again at the age of 37. He granted Oscar-winning filmmaker Alex Gibney rare access to his inner circle to chronicle the comeback.
For Gibney, the experience was akin to being embedded with the military in a warzone.
"When you're with a group of soldiers in Iraq or Afghanistan you're going to end up feeling part of their unit," he told me.
"I don't think that's necessarily wrong. The trick is how to come out of that with some broader perspective - but it's intoxicating while you're in the middle of it."
Gibney admits the "them and us" mentality inside Lance Armstrong's Astana cycling team encouraged a kind of Stockholm syndrome. Anyone who questioned his repeated denials that he had used performance-enhancing drugs came to be viewed as the enemy.
"I did begin to feel that some people on the outside were a bit fanatical about the subject of whether Lance had doped," he says. "You can't help but take on the vibe of the team."
Through the media and in the courts, Armstrong aggressively pursued critics who continued to question whether he was riding clean. Alex Gibney watched as his subject attempted to maintain control over the powerful and lucrative myth he had constructed.
"I think the truth in the mind of someone who is a master storyteller does become elastic," he suggests.
"There's a moment in the film when Lance loses in Verbier to Alberto Contador (on stage 15 of the 2009 Tour de France) and he says to me 'I'm sorry I screwed up your documentary.'
"I don't think that was just banter. I think that was Lance's way of saying 'you came to me to deliver the fairytale that everyone's come to believe that I can deliver and I failed. I'm not going to win. I'm not going to be first and I'm sorry.'"
Image caption Armstrong behind eventual 2009 Tour winner Alberto Contador
After Armstrong's 2009 comeback, in which he finished third, the myth began to disintegrate.
The cycling career Tour de France victories: 1999, 2000, 2001, 2002, 2003, 2004, 2005 (22 individual stage wins)
1999, 2000, 2001, 2002, 2003, 2004, 2005 (22 individual stage wins) Cancer: Diagnosed with testicular cancer in 1996. The disease spreads through his body. Launches Lance Armstrong Foundation for Cancer. Declared cancer-free in 1997 after brain surgery and chemotherapy
Diagnosed with testicular cancer in 1996. The disease spreads through his body. Launches Lance Armstrong Foundation for Cancer. Declared cancer-free in 1997 after brain surgery and chemotherapy Retirement: Announces he will retire after the 2005 Tour de France. Angered by drug allegations against him, he returns to professional cycling in 2009. He finishes third. His accident-filled 2010 Tour is his last
Announces he will retire after the 2005 Tour de France. Angered by drug allegations against him, he returns to professional cycling in 2009. He finishes third. His accident-filled 2010 Tour is his last Lifetime ban: Stripped of his seven Tour titles and banned from professional sport for life in 2012
Former teammates went public with allegations of drug use. The US Anti-Doping Agency accused Armstrong of running the most sophisticated and extensive doping scheme in professional sports history.
He finally came clean in an interview with talk show host Oprah Winfrey last January, in which he admitted taking banned substances and undergoing prohibited blood transfusions during all of his victorious Tour de France campaigns.
In earlier films such as Enron: The Smartest Guys in the Room, Taxi to the Dark Side and Mea Maxima Culpa, Alex Gibney has explored the abuse of power by big businesses, the military and the Catholic Church.
In his latest film, it's Armstrong's rewriting of his own personal life story, a story that inspired and gave hope to cancer patients around the world, that Gibney finds particularly difficult to accept.
"It's an abuse of storytelling power," he says. "He told a story that everyone wanted to believe in too much. He knew how much everybody wanted to believe in it.
"He made the lie so enormous, so all-encompassing, that he couldn't dial it back. His only choice was to go forward and make it even bigger." So he carried on cheating, winning Tour after Tour.
Image caption Armstrong was engaged to musician Sheryl Crow and travelled by private jet
Stripped of those seven titles, pursued by lawyers seeking to reclaim prize and sponsorship money, Lance Armstrong's reputation as a sportsman is now in ruins. He has been banned from competitive cycling for life.
For Alex Gibney, Lance Armstrong's epic downfall should serve as a cautionary tale. Even heroes, he argues, need to accept their flaws. "There can be inspirational stories that are messy," he says.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Alex Gibney: He looks you in the eye and says 'This is the truth'
"Spider-Man to me is a more intriguing tale than Superman because you reckon with Peter Parker's dark past and to some extent his deep-seated anger rather than the pure hero that Superman is.
"When we're told stories that seem too good to be true we should say to ourselves, 'Hey, maybe this is too good to be true.'"
Follow @BBCNewsMagazine on Twitter and on Facebook
Tottenham are not assuming Real Madrid will finish first in Champions League Group H, according to Mauricio Pochettino Madrid, crowned European champions in three of the last four seasons, are top seeds in a fiercely competitive group that also includes Spurs, Borussia Dortmund and APOEL.
Tottenham host Dortmund at Wembley today and while Pochettino acknowledges the importance of his side's opening clash, he does not see it as a scrap for second spot.
The Argentine urged Spurs to make a confident opening to the campaign after failing to progress to the knockout stages in last season's tournament.
“I think Wednesday (today) is so important, to start well in the competition and get the three points will be key to the future,” Pochettino said at his pre-match media conference.
“In theory it should be Real Madrid first and the others trying for second, but football is not about theory. Our ambition is to win every game.
“Real Madrid are on a different level: they won the last two Champions Leagues so it's a different reality. I think it'll be a very competitive group.
“Last season after the first game against Monaco it was difficult to change the dynamic. It's so important to try to win the game. It will be tough, Dortmund is a great team, but in our mind our mentality is to win and be aggressive from the start.
“Last season was our first experience in the Champions League… It was a very painful experience because we couldn't be at the level we needed to be, but now that's not an excuse.”
Pochettino feels Spurs must take up the challenge of rising to the level of Europe's top clubs after finishing second in the Premier League last season and third in 2015-16.
“Now we need experience,” he said of their attempt to match the likes of Madrid.
“We need to challenge them. Remember – we had to reduce gap to the top-four sides, now we're fighting again to reduce the gap with these type of clubs in the Champions League.
“This season will be a very good season for us to challenge them and show our reality.”
Asked whether recently arrived defenders Serge Aurier and Davinson Sanchez, signed from Paris Saint-Germain and Ajax respectively, would play against Dortmund, Pochettino answered “maybe” in both cases.
HAVANA (Reuters) - Venezuela will connect Cuba to a high-speed fiber optic cable next month undermining U.S. sanctions prohibiting Cuba's access to nearby underwater lines, the head of the project said on Tuesday.
A French ship will begin laying the 995-mile submarine cable on Saturday and it is expected to reach eastern Cuba by February 8, Wilfredo Morales, president of Telecomunicaciones Gran Caribe, the Venezuelan-Cuban joint venture that owns the line, said.
“This is a project that we consider of high strategic importance in the region ... It will be operated by technicians from our countries and we are not going to be dependent on any economic or other interest of another state or the empire,” Morales said in an interview with state-run Radio Rebelde.
Venezuela and Cuba are close allies and share a common enmity toward Washington. They have formed some 50 joint ventures. The oil rich South American country provides Cuba with oil in exchange for medical and other technical assistance.
Venezuela has financed various projects to gain “telecommunications sovereignty” in the region, such as Telesur, a regional television channel, and software for industrial uses. Plans call for extending the cable to Jamaica and other countries.
Cuba is one of the least connected societies in the Latin American region, with Internet access limited to officials, companies, academics and some other professionals.
Cuba charges that U.S. sanctions prohibit use of the many underwater cables in the area, forcing it to use a costly and slow satellite connection to the Internet.
The $70 million cable project, expected to be fully operational by July, will give Cuba a data transmission speed of 640 gigabytes, 3,000 times more than the actual one.
Nevertheless, officials have said financial and technological problems will not allow for the extension of Internet use in the short term, and residents will have to continue to rely on local computer clubs, work places and schools.
A Chinese subsidiary of French company Alcatel-Lucent is supplying the cable. French vessel Ile de Batz will lay the line which contains less than 10 percent U.S. product, thereby meeting U.S. embargo specifications. However, under the embargo the ship will not be able to dock in the United States for six months after putting up in Cuba.
Sell Side vs Buy Side – If you are in the Investment Banking industry, it is essential to know the difference between Sell side vs buy side. Yet the irony is that many of us are still unaware of these very important terms. Many a time I have seen that students are not only confused between these two terms but also about its usage in context of Investment Banking Roles in the industry.
Statistics say that the Sell side makes up one half of the Finance Market and the Buy side makes the other half. So let's see the major highlights of Sell side vs Buy side. We will cover the following points:
Recommended Courses
Sell Side vs Buy Side Infographics
Please go through the below infographics for a quick comparison between the Sell Side and Buy Side.
Reading time: 90 seconds
What is a Sell Side and Buy Side?
Sell side includes the entities which facilitate the decision making of the buy side.
Buy side includes entities that are involved in making the Investment Decisions.
Sell Side vs Buy Side – Firms involved
Sell Side includes firms like Investment Banking, Commercial Banking, Stock Brokers, Market makers and other Corporates.
Buy Side includes Asset Managers, Hedge Funds, Institutional Investors, Retail Investors.
Buy side firms can be bigger in terms of the operations but the number of analysts may be lesser. These Analysts often interact with the Sell Side Analysts.
On the other hand, the number of Analyst in the Sell Side Firms is higher as these analysts are dedicated to analysis of specific sectors or specific companies.
What they do?
Sell side companies closely keep track of the Stocks, performance of various companies and also project their future financials based on various analysis & trends. They come up with their research recommendation (target price) in their equity research reports.
Sell side companies (equity research) essentially “sell ideas” to the clients and in most cases these ideas are communicated for free.
Their work revolves around Financials & Annual reports which includes detailed analysis of the Quarterly results, Balance sheet or any other published data.
Buy side includes the entities that are involved in deploying their Capital. They may refer to the analysis or price given by the investment Banks (Sell Side) for taking their Investment decisions.
Buy Side essentially have a pool of funds which is used for investing
So we can say that Sell side entities provide services to the Buy side entities for taking Investment decisions.
Goals
Goal of a Sell Side is advised on research and close the deal.
Sell side analysts carry out research and based on the same they convince their investors to trade through their firms trading desk.
Whereas, the goal of the Buy side firms is to beat the indices and generate Investment returns for their clients.
Sell side Analyst
The Analysts of the Sell side provide greater insights into Trends, Analysis and projections of Financials
They come up with recommendations & Research reports which are used to make investment decisions for their clients.
One major point of difference is: Sell side analysts do their own research and analysis and create their reports. These reports are available in the public domain.
The Job of the Sell Side Analyst is to recommend a Buy or a Sell recommendation for a particular security.
Buy side Analyst
A very interesting point of difference you will find here is that the reports which are created by the Buy Side Analysts are not available publicly.
These buy side analysts use the reports created by many Sell Side Analysts and carry out their own analysis further to come at an investment decision.
Here, the job of the Buy Side Analyst is not just to give a Buy or Sell decision but to make an investment decision adhering to the company strategy.
Skillset Requirements:
It is generally seen that higher analytical skills & financial knowledge is required for the Buy Side Analysts than the Sell Side Analyst. The reason for this is that Buy Side Analysts are themselves responsible for taking the investment decisions.
So let's see what are the skills required for the Sell Side and the Buy Side Analysts:
Sell Side Analyst Skills requirements
Excellent Analytical & Quantitative skills
Strong writing and communication skills
Expertise in Excel, PowerPoint & Word.
Ability to quickly evaluate & analyze financial information & companies
Ability to prioritize Task
Ability to work on Multiple engagements
Commitment to obtaining Outstanding results
Ability to work for long hours
Buy Side Analyst Skills requirement
Strong & Intellectual eye for investment opportunities
Monitoring the Market developments
Ability to create productive, timely & high quality reports for investment decisions.
Ability to analyze Risks and Industry characteristics
Ability to constantly monitor Portfolio performance
Keep updated with economy & global markets
Expertise in Excel, word & PowerPoint
Buys Side vs Sell Side – Compensation
Requirement of higher skill-sets and knowledge for buy side analysts for the investment decisions make them fetch higher pay than the sell side analysts. But there may be always exceptions.
Conclusion
Your decision to make your career in Buy side or Sell side will depend on your Goals and where you see yourself. Hope this article has helped you to distinguish the Sell Side and Buy Side clearly. So, which analyst are you – Buy Side analyst or a Sell side analyst?
Buy Side vs Sell Side Video
Useful Posts
Story & Structure
:: Symbols and ‘The Matrix'
:: Is Backstory Important?
:: Study Scripts! Armour, Beasts of the Southern Wild and more
:: ‘Django Unchained' Screenplay
Script Perfection
:: 10 Tips To Smash Writer's Block
:: Ask the Expert: Sluglines Slugfest
Pitching & Selling
:: Own Your Words
:: December 2012 Pitch Sales Scorecard
:: More Than One Path to a Writing Career
:: How Much Is Your Film Script Worth?
Best of the Rest
:: Winners of the 15th Moët British Independent Film Awards
:: 12-12-12 Warehouse Sale: Gifts for Writers
:: Call for Reviewers for Screenwriting Books and Software
:: There and Back Again With ‘The Hobbit'
:: China Mieville: Why Science Fiction is Not Superior to Fantasy
:: AMC will Re-air all 18 Walking Dead Episodes in Black and White
_______________________________
With thanks to Jamie Campbell and Brooke Trezise.
Enjoy!
Karel
Save this picture! Rotterdam Markthal / MVRDV. Image © Daria Scagliola+Stijn Brakkee
There's something special about architecture in The Netherlands. From MVRDV's iconic Markthal in Rotterdam to WAM's whimsically stacked Inntel Hotel in Zaandam, for years Dutch design has questioned accepted architectural norms. The country has long been considered a leader in design, catalyzed in part by The Netherlands' famous architectural trailblazer Rem Koolhaas. Since 1975 Koolhaas' Rotterdam-based firm OMA has realized dozens of unorthodox designs and has been linked with the creation of more than forty major architecture practices worldwide.
In 2000 Bart Lootsma released Superdutch, a bestselling opus on the mythology of Dutch architecture and its thought leaders, which provided a glimpse into the enduring humanist approach to design that has earned global praise for the country's architects. In the book, Lootsma profiled a handful of Dutch firms including UNStudio, West 8 and MVRDV. Fifteen years later, students from Canada's Simon Fraser University formed a collective called Groep Drie to continue the conversation. From Herman Hertzberger to Ben van Berkel, Groep Drie sat down with The Netherlands' most innovative designers to talk urbanism, spiritualism, color, and more.
Read on to find out what The Netherlands' leading architects had to say.
1. Ben van Berkel, UNStudio: Architecture and experimentation are inseparable and must be pursued in tandem
Co-founder and Principal Architect at UNStudio Ben van Berkel believes in a holistic and experimental approach to design. "The fascination you have for life can give many different answers to many problems," says van Berkel. Founded on the principles of unpacking tradition and questioning the modern understanding of urbanism, van Berkel sees UNStudio as a hybrid situated at the intersection of theory and reality. UNStudio's experimental use of color serves as a manifestation of the firm's mission, he says: "color is a fascination, but it isn't about color. It's about how you can read spaces, adapt, and how colors can make more depth in architecture," adding that "we need to be more flexible and more hybrid with architectural entities and typologies."
2. Herman Hertzberger, Archituurstudio HH: Architecture should improve the lives of the people who use it
"They call me a social architect, but I'm just after dignity of people," says Hertzberger, the 83-year-old grandfather of Dutch Modernism. In his highly successful career, Hertzberger has led Architectuurstudio HH to much acclaim since 1958 with his belief in the transformative power of architecture, a principle that has guided his humanist approach to design for decades. "My theme is the life of the building," says Hertzberger. "When I'm making a school, I think about what's happening in the school. What are the teachers and students in want of?" This spiritually grounded approach has earned Hertzberger a reputation for creating intuitive, human-scale buildings with the ability to transcend architectural barriers. "Architecture should make people better, to come to the best spiritual feeling," adds Hertzberger.
3. Winy Maas, MVRDV: Design for a diverse audience and a strong community will follow
"On the same lift: a poor person and a rich person? [Clients] don't believe in that. I think that's stupid - insanely horrible," says Winy Maas, designer of Amsterdam's Silodam project, a mixed collection of housing for tenants of income levels. For Silodam, Maas steered away from the traditional hierarchical method applied to mixed-income housing, opting for an integrated method of coexistence. Maas is a co-founder of Rotterdam-based MVRDV, a firm that thrives with complex programs and outside-the-box thinking, particularly in civic and housing projects. Removing conventional residential segregation has become the modus operandi for MVRDV's many housing projects, ushering in a new era of communal living in an urban setting. On programming Silodam, Maas says "if you first build a corridor house, then gallery houses, then public space, then villas, and do it for every level then we have a 3D village."
4. Adriaan Geuze, West 8: Context is crucial, but a touch of whimsy can enliven the city
"In urban design and architecture, you need elements with more meaning and purpose than their functional determination," says Adriaan Geuze, co-founder of Rotterdam and New York-based urban design and landscape architecture firm West 8. Geuze questions imposed architectural standards through inventive interpretations of function, form and context. A distinct sense of whimsy can be felt in the firm's work, typified by a set of twinned bridges constructed on the outskirts of Amsterdam. Seeking to circumvent the need to build a drawbridge, the firm conceived of a cartoon-like design that soared ten metres above the water at its highest point. "The bridge was too steep for Dutch legal authorization, so we applied for it as an art piece," says Geuze, adding "this is the complex world of urban design, where sometimes you have to realize your target in another way."
5. Jouke Sieswerda, ZUS: Collaborate to build meaningful projects to improve the city, even if only temporarily
Project leader for the Luchtsingel, a new elevated temporary urban pedestrian pathway running through Rotterdam's city center, Sieswerda believes in the lasting effects of temporary structures. ZUS, short for Zones Urbaines Sensibles, operates out of a reclaimed-office-tower-turned-school-turned-office-tower in Rotterdam known as the Schieblock. The tower has served as a catalyst for the firm's regeneration of Rotterdam city center, acting as a point of passage for pedestrians on the Luchtsingel. As Sieswerda explains, infrastructure projects are crucial, complicated and littered with red tape, adding "if it works, let it grow. If it doesn't work, think of something else." Although installed temporarily, Sieswerda sees the Luchtsingel as an emblem for the success of urban installations. "Temporary structures have the possibility to evolve and become permanent," he says.
6. Gerben van Straaten, Dutch Urban Design Centre: Cities are fluid entities that should be designed for continual change by residents
Working at the intersection of European and North American markets, the Vancouver-based Dutch Urban Design Centre (Dudoc) led by Gerben van Straaten aims to integrate European sustainability and planning successes into North American cities. van Straaten, a devoted urbanist, believes that "design makes sure that every opportunity a certain place gives you will be used by the people, and can be reinvented." Dudoc forms meaningful connections between architects, businesses and citizens while simultaneously proposing vital improvements to urban centers. "If I go into a new complex and have to build a new part of the city there, I try to find a janitor. I don't talk to the directors," van Straaten says. "Within an hour I learn more about order and disorder, things that work and don't work, than I could from a director."
Find out more about Groep Drie and watch the rest of their interviews with Dutch designers here.
You've Got to Fight For Your Right to (Lead a Political) Party
It's a small group, but a feisty one: U.S. presidents who have punched, wrestled, or otherwise fought with another grown man at some point in their adulthood. With fists clenched we are proud to bring you: Presidents Who Slugged Someone.
Teddy Roosevelt Conquers the Wild West
TEDDY ROOSEVELT remains the only president to have duked it out in a Wild West bar fight. In 1884, despondent from the deaths of his wife and his mother, Roosevelt left New York politics and moved to a cattle ranch in the Dakota territory. A smallish man, with spectacles and an Eastern accent, he cut an unusual figure on the prairie. One night while entering the bar in a small hotel, Roosevelt was accosted by a drunken gunman. As Roosevelt told the story in his autobiography: “As soon as he saw me he hailed me as ‘Four eyes,' in reference to my spectacles, and said ‘Four eyes is going to treat.'” Roosevelt sat down and tried to laugh it off, but when the drunk waved his guns and persisted, Roosevelt took action: “As I rose, I struck quick and hard with my right just to one side of the point of his jaw, hitting with my left as I straightened out and then again with my right… when he went down he struck the corner of the bar with his head.” Knocked cold, the bully was dragged out of the bar and later skipped town on a freight train. Roosevelt returned to his dinner and then went to bed. Even after he became president in 1901, Roosevelt continued sparring in the White House for exercise, often with much younger men. He was finally forced to quit when the sight in his left eye was damaged by a heavy punch.
Abe Lincoln Clobbers a Cheater
As president, ABE LINCOLN was a thoughtful and even melancholy man. But in his prairie days Lincoln was a top-notch “wrassler” who would take on all comers. Carl Sandburg describes several such battles in his biography of Lincoln, including one case where his opponent, a local champion named Armstrong, cheated by stomping on Abe's instep with his boot heel. “This exasperated Lincoln so that he lost his temper, lifted Armstrong up by the throat and off the ground, shook him like a rag, and then slammed him to a hard fall, flat on his back.” Sandburg describes another incident during Lincoln's first run for Congress, when he was mounting a box to speak just as a fist fight broke out in the crowd. Lincoln “stepped off the box, shouldered his way to the fight, picked a man by the scruff of the neck and the seat of the breeches, and threw him ten feet for a fall.” Lincoln then returned to his box and made his speech.
Andrew Jackson Knocks Out a Drunk
Thomas Hoenig, the president of the Federal Reserve Bank of Kansas City, recently penned an op-ed in the New York Times questioning how the biggest financial firms that survived the financial crisis had grown 20 percent larger than they were prior. How could Washington, in its financial reforms, allow too big to fail to continue?
Hoenig answered this himself:
How is it possible that post-crisis legislation leaves large financial institutions still in control of our country's economic destiny? One answer is that they have even greater political influence than they had before the crisis. During the past decade, the four largest financial firms spent tens of millions of dollars on lobbying. A member of Congress from the Midwest reluctantly confirmed for me that any candidate who runs for national office must go to New York City, home of the big banks, to raise money.
There is no bigger contributor to political campaigns than the financial sector. Since 1999 the financial sector has contributed more than $1.8 billion to federal candidates for election. As Hoenig notes, much of that sector is located in New York City.
Overall, over the past six election cycles, New York state residents employed in the finance, insurance and real estate sector have sent more than $50 million to congressional candidates running for office in a state other than New York, according to data from the Center for Responsive Politics. This is a crucial source of money for congressional candidates, particularly those in high-cost Senate races. (The animated map linked in the image below shows where those contributions went over time.)
Out of state Democrats accounted for over half of the money contributed by individuals in the New York State financial sector. Democrats received over $30 million to the slightly more than $16 million received by Republicans. The Independent candidacy of Connecticut Sen. Joe Lieberman pulled in more than $11 million.
The Sunlight Foundation's Party Time database of political fundraisers shows a total of 37 fundraisers held in New York City for congressmen and senators who do not represent New York State. (These numbers are incomplete and the number of fundraisers is almost certainly higher.)
There are 12 fundraisers listed in 2010, including a recent one for Rep. Charlie Dent (R-PA). In October Rep.-elect Mike Fizpatrick (R-PA) held a fundraiser with incoming Financial Services Committee chairman Spencer Bachus (R-AL). (Bachus raised nearly 63% of his 2010 contributions from the finance sector.) Other fundraisers are for lawmakers from California, Oklahoma, Kentucky and various other states spanning the country. (View all 37 of these Party Time fundraisers here.)
Hoenig's example of fundraising in New York is just one anecdote in the larger story of the financial sector's influence in Washington. Since the 1998 election cycle the finance sector has spent nearly $2 billion on campaign contributions to federal political candidates. Over the same period of time the sector has spent more than $4.2 billion on lobbying in Washington.
This leads to a total of more than $6.2 billion spent by the finance sector over a thirteen year period to influence outcomes in Washington. The finance sector has spent almost $1 billion more than any other economic sector on federal campaign contributions and lobbying combined. (The motion chart on the right shows the accumulation of contributions and lobbying over time. The green dot is the finance, insurance and real estate sector.)
Former IMF economist Simon Johnson in an article for The Atlantic last year explained that Wall Street “gained political power by amassing a kind of cultural capital–a belief system.” People in Washington believed that those in Wall Street knew what they were doing and believed that the accumulation of wealth in the financial sector was a national good, Johnson argues.
That belief system was aided by the $6.2 billion investment that Wall Street made in Washington. The sector invested in staffing agencies and congressional committees and in financing the increasingly costly campaigns. Those investments were then cashed out as staffers and lawmakers flocked to lobbying firms and cushy Wall Street gigs.
The New York Times wrote in April that “more than 125 former Congressional aides and lawmakers are now working for financial firms as part of a multibillion-dollar effort to shape, and often scale back, federal regulatory power, data shows.” These included former Rep. Michael Oxley, the most recent former chairman of the Financial Services Committee, and former Rep. Richard Baker, who previously chaired the Financial Services Subcommittee on Capital Markets.
Other powerful former lawmakers recently registered to lobby for the financial sector include Senate Majority Leaders Trent Lott and Bob Dole, House Majority Leaders Dick Gephardt and Dick Armey and Speaker of the House Dennis Hastert.
The particular target of Hoenig's ire in his above quoted NYT op-ed is the 1999 passage of the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act, which tore down the wall between investment and commercial banking. The bill was named after its three main cosponsors: Sen. Phil Gramm, Rep. Jim Leach and Rep. Thomas Bliley. Since retiring from Congress, Gramm went on to become the president of the Swiss bank UBS AG and Bliley works as a registered lobbyist, often for financial interests. (Leach serves under President Obama as the Chairman of the National Endowment for the Humanities.)
Now, recently departed Office of Management and Budget head Peter Orszag is jumping ship to Wall Street. Orszag, following in the footsteps of former Treasury Secretary Bob Rubin, is slated to join Citigroup as a high level executive with a multimillion dollar salary. Recently, President Obama's counsel Greg Craig left the White House and joined Goldman Sachs. It is unclear if either of them will register as a lobbyist.
Even without Orszag and Craig registering to lobby, the industry has more than enough clout. The Center Responsive Politics reports 1,390 former government employees working as lobbyists for the financial sector.
Another prime spot for investment by the financial sector has been the House Financial Services Committee.
The majority party in the House of Representatives often puts favored freshmen and sophomore lawmakers on the House Financial Services Committee, the committee that oversees the financial sector, so that they can raise piles of money from Wall Street.
The Huffington Post's Ryan Grim and Arthur Delaney explained how this worked under the outgoing Democratic majority:
The banking committee is the second-largest in Congress — the Transportation and Infrastructure Committee has three more members — and is known as a “money committee” because joining it makes fundraising, especially from donors with financial interests litigated by the panel, significantly easier. The Democratic leadership chose to embrace this concept, setting up the committee as an ATM for vulnerable rookies. Eleven freshman representatives from conservative-leaning districts, designated as “frontline” members, have been given precious spots on the committee. They have individually raised an average of $1.09 million for their 2010 campaigns, according to the Center for Responsive Politics; by contrast, the average House member has raised less than half of that amount.
Meanwhile lawmakers and staffers keep cycling in between the financial sector and Washington. Delaney and Grim showed that, as of the end of 2009, “almost half of the 126 people who [left the Financial Services Committee] registered as lobbyists, mostly for the financial services industry.” Also, “[s]ixteen of the committee's 86 current staffers — including a good chunk of the senior staff — worked as lobbyists before coming to the committee.”
The committee will soon be headed by a lawmaker, Rep. Spencer Bachus, who received nearly 63 percent of his campaign and political action committee contributions from the finance sector. Bachus recently stated his philosophy for governing the committee, “In Washington, the view is that the banks are to be regulated, and my view is that Washington and the regulators are there to serve the banks.”
The freshmen congressmen appointed to the committee include the largest recipient of finance sector contributions among freshmen and a former bank lobbyist.
Meanwhile, the Senate Banking Committee is set to be chaired by Sen. Tim Johnson, whose state of South Dakota is home to the credit card industry. Johnson recently hired Dwight Fettig, a lobbyist for the American Bankers Association, JPMorgan Chase and Freddie Mac, as a senior adviser. Fettig will likely become the next staff director for the Banking Committee.
The entirety of this enterprise—the doling out of campaign contributions, revolving in between the public and private sector, spending money to influence policy-makers—is entirely legal. That system, however legal it is, is structurally unjust and unsound. As James Fallows notes in a post bemoaning Orszag's revolving door spin, “When we notice similar patterns in other countries — for instance, how many offspring and in-laws of senior Chinese Communist officials have become very, very rich — we are quick to draw conclusions about structural injustices.”
The intense amount of organized money and human capital has succeeded in making Washington captive to the financial sector. All of this at a low cost when compared to the soaring profits they enjoyed at the height of the boom and the trillions of dollars in aid they received when the bottom fell out.
Ultimately, the $6 billion investment in Washington was the least risky one that the financial sector made over the past twelve years. The firms that survived the storm are bigger than ever and ready to spend billions more to keep their investment afloat.
New Delhi: Crisis-hit German auto major Volkswagen today said its recall of 3.24 lakh vehicles in India would begin in the first quarter of 2016, even as it contested the government's charge of committing a "well thought-out crime" by cheating on emission tests.
The company insisted its cars sold in India are not equipped with the 'defeat device' and they did not violate BS IV emission norms in the country. The automaker has been found to have deployed this device to cheat on emission tests in cars sold in various countries, including the US.
A government-ordered probe here also found violations on the part of the company, following which Volkswagen earlier on Monday announced recall of 3,23,700 vehicles sold in India between 2008 and 2015.
Stating that it expects to start the recall process in the first quarter of 2016, Volkswagen Group India said it has presented its observations, findings and outlines of possible solutions on the EA 189 engines, which are at the centre of the emission tests cheating controversy, to the government of India and Automotive Research Association of India (ARAI).
The firm also said it will continue to sell vehicles equipped with the EA189 engines in India.
"Volkswagen Group India has intimated why it believes that its cars are not equipped with a 'defeat device'," the company said in a statement.
Furthermore, the findings from the evaluations undertaken by Volkswagen Group India under the observation of ARAI show that the tested cars of the brands Volkswagen, SKODA and Audi are not violating the Bharat Stage IV (BSIV) emission norms in India, it said.
On Wednesday, Union Heavy Industries Minister Anant Geete had said, "The violation was detected when the on-road vehicles were tested. It is a well thought-out crime."
The probe was ordered by the Department of Heavy Industries.
ARAI found that Volkswagen violated emission norms in India to the extent of 8-9 times of the current levels, he said, adding that his ministry is referring the matter to Ministry of Road, Transport and Highways to take action against the company.
Volkswagen said, "To come to a common conclusion on this topic, further meetings with Ministry of Road Transport and Highways will take place."
On continued sales of vehicles powered by the EA189 engines, VW said: "Based on the current situation, Volkswagen Group India will continue the production and sales of the cars with EA 189 engines in India. All technical measures will be implemented as soon as they are available."
Elaborating on steps it planned to take in India, Volkswagen said cars with 2.0-litre engines will get a
software update. In the 1.5-litre and 1.6-litre engines, a 'flow transformer' will be fitted in front of the air mass sensor.
"In addition, a software update will also be performed on these engines. The measure for the 1.2-litre engines will be announced shortly. The first solutions are expected to be implemented from the first quarter of 2016 and will be continued in a step-wise manner," it said.
VW has already admitted that 11 million diesel engine cars worldwide were fitted with the software that helped in manipulating emission tests. It faces fine of up to $18 billion in the US. Earlier the company had announced vehicle recalls in other countries, including China.
PTI
Firstpost is now on WhatsApp. For the latest analysis, commentary and news updates, sign up for our WhatsApp services. Just go to Firstpost.com/Whatsapp and hit the Subscribe button.
600 424
88Nine Radio Milwaukee
Fleet Foxes broke out of Seattle WA with their self-titled debut in 2008, and solidified themselves as artists with 2011's “Helplessness Blues.” On June 16th they will release their third full-length album, “Crack-Up.”
Crack-Up holds onto Fleet Foxes harmonies, but breaks away from traditional song structure. Some songs approach the ten minute mark, some have sprawling chasms of space within the songs, all the while giving the album atmosphere though use of found sounds like a closing door or using the percussive sound of the oceans own waves to serve as an “instrument” on the album.
Robin Pecknold is the lead singer and writer for Fleet Foxes. Here he talks about how he “writes” a song, Crack-Up's thesis statement, and tackling loneliness.
This version is edited. For an unabridged version, listen to the podcast version in the audio player below.
Justin Barney: So, I was just listening to Crack-Up. Listening to the album you really have to focus in. What are some of the things that you played around with to get that? Robin Pecknold: I would do this thing where I took the whole idea of “writing songs” very literally. And I would write songs without music or lyrics attached, as if I was just describing-like if you played me a song and I had to just write words that were describing that song. And, so in doing that there was like this incredible freedom in that because you can just write something without having to record it, you know? So, I had these really insane songs that didn't exist and then certain songs on the album kind of grew out of how free that way of “writing” was. Justin: Yeah. Could you give me an example of your “writing?” You know, of what that looked like? Robin: Oh, it would be like a paragraph where you're just using abstract language. Like “this instrument comes in here and then everything just falls away. And a new plateau is reached.” You know, stuff like that. Justin: Oh, that is so interesting. So like, a literary way of writing a song. That's crazy. Robin: Yeah, literally writing a song. [laughs]
Justin: What is the thesis statement of Crack-Up? Robin: Um, I didn't really think about this while working on the record, I guess, but I've had to think about it a little bit now. I would say that it's sort of-if there's a thesis both for the record and just what I've realized in my own life over the last few years, it would just be that “No one can go it alone.” And no one is an island. That's the problem that's presented maybe. You know, at the beginning of the album it's very small, this kind of wounded voice saying “I'm all that I need.” But obviously not really sounding like they believe that very much. And then hopefully at the end of the album there's like a closeness or a togetherness that's arrived at.
Making the record I definitely felt together and not alone. Finally.
Carl Bildt is a former prime minister and foreign minister of Sweden.
A couple of years ago, a Canadian cabinet minister proudly declared that Santa Claus is a citizen of Canada. After all, his home and toy factory are at the North Pole, which, according to the minister's interpretation, belongs to Canada.
Though Santa Claus has not commented on the matter, it is now clear that he could choose several passports when he travels the world on Christmas Eve. In 2007, a privately funded mini-submarine planted a Russian flag directly beneath his alleged home. And two weeks ago, Denmark, which has sovereignty over Greenland, staked its own territorial claim, also covering the North Pole.
Story continues below advertisement
By filing its claim with the United Nations Commission on the Limits of the Continental Shelf, Denmark has joined our era's "great game:" the contest for economic control over a large part of the Arctic. And Denmark's claim is massive. Not only does it seek sovereignty over everything between Greenland and the North Pole; it is also extending its claim to nearly 900,000 square kilometres, all the way to the existing limits of the Russian economic zone on the other side of the Pole – an area 20 times Denmark's size.
How to assess countries' claims to Arctic territory hinges on the status of the Lomonosov Ridge, a vast formation that rises from the sea floor and stretches 1,800 kilometers from Greenland to the East Siberian continental shelf. Everyone agrees that it is a ridge. The key question is whether it is an extension of the Greenland shelf or an extension of the East Siberia shelf.
Denmark, together with the government of Greenland, now claims that it is the former, giving it the right to extend its economic zone across a huge area at the top of the world. Though nothing is yet known about the claim that Russia says it will present in the spring, there is no doubt that it will argue the opposite.
And what about Canadians and their claim? That remains to be seen, but there have been reports that Prime Minister Stephen Harper is dissatisfied that Canadian scientists are not being sufficiently aggressive in pressing the country's case.
Nonetheless, for all the hype about a "race for the Arctic," and despite the rather icy atmosphere among the claimants, there is little reason to fear conflict. Under the terms of the 2008 Ilulissat Declaration, all of the countries bordering the Arctic Ocean agree to resolve their claims peacefully and based on the UN Convention on the Law of the Sea. According to settled procedure, a UN commission will first judge whether the claims have merit. If they are overlapping, which is highly probable, bilateral negotiations will be held.
Such talks, to put it mildly, could take time. Norway and Russia negotiated over a far smaller territorial delimitation for four decades.
Both Denmark and Russia have been devoting significant resources to exploring the Lomonosov Ridge. Denmark has hired Swedish icebreakers for repeated expeditions, and Russia has been deploying special submarines to obtain samples from the ridge and the ocean floor.
Story continues below advertisement
Story continues below advertisement
The Arctic region has always been strategically vital for Russia, accounting for roughly 85 per cent of Russia's natural-gas production, which is based primarily in Western Siberia. The Kremlin has activated a new military command for the Arctic, and is busy reopening air bases and radar stations along its Arctic shoreline.
But it is a very long way from these new Russian bases to virtually everywhere. And, in addition to the vast distances, there is the harsh climate. A Canadian military commander, asked what he would do if foreign soldiers attacked his country's Far North, calmly replied that he would dispatch an expedition to rescue them. Though Russia had hoped for a rapid increase in shipping along the Northern Sea Route, commercial traffic this year fell by 77 per cent.
Of course, the stakes are too high for Canada, Denmark, and Russia to allow the region's remoteness and its hostile environment to influence how resolutely they press their claims. Boundaries like these are fixed once and forever, and no one knows what discoveries, technologies and opportunities the future might bring.
But for the time being, neither Santa Claus nor anyone else has reason to be worried. The nature of the Lomonosov Ridge will be debated for years to come, while his thoughts – and ours – are likely to be focused on more immediate issues.
Pro Wrestling Illustrated, a magazine dedicated to professional wrestling, does an annual ranking of their top 500 wrestlers. They keep track of wrestlers all over the world. Wrestlers from New Japan Pro Wrestling, Ring of Honor, and various independent promotions are rated alongside those who compete in the WWE. The magazine has just unveiled the cover of their April 2017 edition, and it reveals just who is Wrestler of the Year. It just so happens to be none other than AJ Styles.
Styles has had a phenomenal year since debuting back in January 2016. He made his official debut in the Royal Rumble, entering at No. 3 in the eponymous match. He lasted for almost half an hour in the match before being eliminated by Kevin Owens. He would later team with Chris Jericho in a tag team called Y2AJ, but failed to capture the Tag Team Championships from then champions The New Day. Jericho turned on Styles and set up a match at Wrestlemania 32, which Styles lost.
The next night on Raw, a fatal four way match was held to crown the No. 1 contender to Roman Reigns' WWE World Heavyweight Championship. Styles won the bout by pinning Jericho, but would lose to Reigns at Payback. During this time, Karl Anderson and Luke Gallows, his stablemates from Japan, also debuted for the WWE and formed a stable called The Club, although Styles was initially hesitant to join. Gallows and Anderson interfered in his match at Payback on his behalf, but Styles still lost. Styles got a rematch against Reigns the next month at Extreme Rules but lost again to Reigns despite interference from The Club.
The night after Extreme Rules, Styles turned heel by aligning himself with Gallows and Anderson and attacking a returning John Cena. Styles and Cena faced off at Money in the Bank in a match that was billed as 15 years in the making, as Styles and Cena had never crossed paths before. Styles won due to interference from Gallows and Anderson, and lost to Cena at Battleground in a six-man tag match that saw the Club face Cena and his allies, Enzo and Cass. Prior to Battleground, both Cena and Styles were drafted to Smackdown.
Styles and Cena would face off again at Summerslam, where Styles beat Cena clean, without any interference. After beating Cena, Styles demanded a title match against WWE World Champion Dean Ambrose at Backlash, which was the first brand-exclusive pay-per-view since 2007. Styles was able to beat Ambrose after a low blow and became champion just eight months after joining WWE. He retained against Ambrose in a rematch on Smackdown after interference from John Cena. He also retained in a triple threat match at No Mercy against Ambrose and Cena.
Styles would feud with Ambrose for the rest of the year. The feud culminated in December at Tables, Ladders, and Chairs in the titular match. Styles was able to retain after interference from James Ellsworth, who had beaten Styles prior thanks to help from Ambrose, and felt he could beat AJ Styles for the WWE Championship. Styles beat Ellsworth and retained his title.
[Image by WWE]
In January, Styles lost to Cena at the Royal Rumble, ending his reign at 140 days. Cena became a 16-time World Champion, but lost it just two weeks later to Bray Wyatt at Elimination Chamber. Styles is currently the No. 1 contender to Wyatt's championship, but Royal Rumble winner Randy Orton turned on Wyatt and claimed his title match, which will lead to a match on Smackdown to determine the No. 1 contender.
Styles has already achieved so much in just his first year on the roster, and he is one of the most over acts on Smackdown. With such an excellent showing from him, it is no wonder he was crowned “Wrestler of the Year” in a landslide decision.
[Featured Image by WWE]
2016 Review
First year in MLS, and unlike Orlando two years ago they didn't bring many of their NASL guys up to MLS. This is a brand-new roster.
Transaction Watch
Everyone is new, but the biggest deal they made is the $650,000 worth of Garber-bucks they shipped to Orlando City for Kevin Molino. Clearly, Adrian Heath valued Molino from his experience in Orlando and believes he will be the centerpiece of the Loons' attack. They also used the #1 pick in the Superdraft for Forward Abu Danladi. Maybe more interesting than the transactions they've made are the ones they haven't. So far the Loons look to be one of the few teams in MLS without a Designated Player next year.
Tactical Analysis
Heath has always stuck with a 4-2-3-1 and that's likely to continue as he attempts to build chemistry with this bare bones roster. In the attack, Miguel Ibarra and Johan Venegas will be on the wing, and Molino will be up the middle. The biggest question facing fantasy players for Minnesota is at forward. Christian Ramirez is one of the few who Minnesota brought with them from NASL to MLS but he'll face competition from #1 pick Danladi. Danladi of course has the bigger upside, but betting on rookies to start in Week 1 is always a tricky business. Pay close attention in preseason to see if Heath has Danladi and Ramirez in a battle for a lone forward spot or whether he changes his tactics to try to get them both on the field.
In the back, Minnesota is as deep as your kid's blow-up pool. They did sign Costa Rican international Francisco Calvo from Saprissa. While it's always difficult to translate skills from Costa Rican play to MLS, the defender has a reputation for scoring goals from set pieces, with 9 goals and an assist in 28 matches. As he seems to likely play center back for the Loons in 2017, his offensive potential and bonus points could make him an interesting play.
Starting Lineup Prediction
2017 Expectations
Do you want to know the chances of failure? Because they're high. Very high.
This is an expansion that was announced very late in the process. They're still filling out their roster as camp has started, which isn't the best sign. The total lack of chemistry and lack of skill on the backline should mean Minnesota will concede a lot of goals and lose a lot of matches. The bigger question is how many goals they score. The optimistic fan looks at Molino's 11 goals and 8 assists and expects continued production on that level. However, it's hard to assume Danladi/Ramirez will provide Molino the same type of passes that Larin did in Orlando.
Conclusion
Minnesota is going to be bad. This is a team you're likely looking at only if you're in need of some differentials for most of the year.
Share this: Tweet
Email
Print
Washington
FOR decades the legal industry has operated as a monopoly, which has been made possible by its self-imposed rules and state licensing restrictions — namely, the requirements that lawyers must graduate from an American Bar Association-accredited law school and pass a state bar examination. The industry claims these requirements are essential quality-control measures because consumers do not have sufficient information to judge in advance whether a lawyer is competent and honest. In reality, though, occupational licensure has been costly and ineffective; it misleads consumers about the quality of licensed lawyers and the potential for non-lawyers to provide able assistance.
Rather than improving quality, the barriers to entry exist simply to protect lawyers from competition with non-lawyers and firms that are not lawyer-owned — competition that could reduce legal costs and give the public greater access to legal assistance.
In fact, the existing legal licensing system doesn't even do a great job at protecting clients from exploitation. In 2009, the state disciplinary agencies that cover the roughly one million lawyers practicing in the United States received more than 125,000 complaints, according to an A.B.A. survey. But only 800 of those complaints — a mere 0.6 percent — resulted in disbarment.
What if the barriers to entry were simply done away with?
Legal costs would be reduced because non-lawyers, who have not had to make a costly investment in a three-year legal education, would compete with lawyers, who in many states are the only options for basic services like drafting wills. Because they will have incurred much lower costs to enter the field — like taking an online course or attending a vocational school — and can operate as solo practitioners with minimal overhead, these non-lawyers would force prices to fall. The poor would benefit from the lower prices for non-criminal matters, and poor litigants, who might be unrepresented in criminal matters like hearings because they could not afford a lawyer and because of dwindling state legal aid, would be better off.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
At the same time, if corporations — and not just law firms, now structured as partnerships — could provide legal representation, their technological sophistication and economies of scale could offer much more affordable services than established law firms do. These firms, in turn, would have to reduce prices to compete.
Aldous Huxley was known for his incredible books and essays, among them The Doors of Perception, a 1954 book discussing his experiences with mescaline, and Island, a novel about a utopian society. In Island, the citizens inhabit a constant state of acceptance thanks to meditation and a psychedelic agent they call “moksha medicine.” A character describes moksha as “the reality reliever, the truth-and-beauty pill,” allowing users to “catch a glimpse of the world as it looks to someone who has been liberated from his bondage to the ego.” Huxley was an elder statesman of the psychedelic movement, one who advocated the intelligent and cautious use of these chemicals to liberate the human spirit.
So it is fitting that, on the day he died of cancer 1963, Huxley asked his wife Laura to administer LSD to him — his own moksha medicine of choice. She obliged, giving him 200µg before he slipped into the void. This poignant letter, written by Laura to Aldous' older brother just days after his death, offers proof that Huxley believed what he preached about psychedelics. (This version is shortened to just the best parts; if you want to read the whole letter, it's on Erowid.)
Dearest Julian and Juliette:
There is so much I want to tell you about the last week of Aldous' life and particularly the last day. What happened is important not only for us close and loving but it is almost a conclusion, better, a continuation of his own work, and therefore it has importance for people in general.
Suddenly he had accepted the fact of death; he had taken this moksha medicine in which he believed.
“You are going towards a greater love than you have ever known. You are going towards the best, the greatest love, and it is easy, it is so easy, and you are doing it so beautifully.”
…He asked for his tablet and wrote, “Try LSD 100 intramuscular.” Although as you see from this photostatic copy it is not very clear, I know that this is what he meant. I asked him to confirm it. Suddenly something became very clear to me. I knew that we were together again after this torturous talking of the last two months. I knew then, I knew what was to be done. I went quickly into the cupboard in the other room where Dr. Bernstein was, and the TV which had just announced the shooting of Kennedy. I took the LSD and said, “I am going to give him a shot of LSD, he asked for it.” The doctor had a moment of agitation because you know very well the uneasiness about this drug in the medical mind. Then he said, “All right, at this point what is the difference.” Whatever he had said, no “authority,” not even an army of authorities could have stopped me then. I went into Aldous' room with the vial of LSD and prepared a syringe. The doctor asked me if I wanted him to give him the shot – maybe because he saw that my hands were trembling. His asking me that made me conscious of my hands, and I said, “No I must do this.” I quieted myself, and when I gave him the shot my hands were very firm. Then, somehow, a great relief came to us both. I believe it was 11:20 when I gave him his first shot of 100 microgrammes. I sat near his bed and I said, “Darling, maybe in a little while I will take it with you. Would you like me to take it also in a little while?” I said a little while because I had no idea of when I should or could take it, in fact I have not been able to take it to this writing because of the condition around me. And he indicated “yes.” We must keep in mind that by now he was speaking very, very little. Then I said, “Would you like Matthew to take it with you also? And he said, “Yes.” “What about Ellen?” He said, “Yes.” Then I mentioned two or three people who had been working with LSD and he said, “No, no, basta, basta.” Then I said, “What about Jinny?” And he said, “Yes,” with emphasis. Then we were quiet. I just sat there without speaking for a while. Aldous was not so agitated physically. He seemed – somehow I felt he knew, we both knew what we were doing, and this has always been a great relief to Aldous. I have seen him at times during his illness very upset until he knew what he was going to do, then even if it was an operation or X-ray, he would make a total change. This enormous feeling of relief would come to him, and he wouldn't be worried at all about it, he would say let's do it, and we would go to it and he was like a liberated man. And now I had the same feeling – a decision had been made, he made the decision again very quickly. Suddenly he had accepted the fact of death; he had taken this moksha medicine in which he believed. He was doing what he had written in ISLAND, and I had the feeling that he was interested and relieved and quiet.
After half an hour, the expression on his face began to change a little, and I asked him if he felt the effect of LSD, and he indicated no. Yet, I think that a something had taken place already. This was one of Aldous' characteristics. He would always delay acknowledging the effect of any medicine, even when the effect was quite certainly there, unless the effect was very, very stong he would say no. Now, the expression of his face was beginning to look as it did every time that he had the moksha medicine, when this immense expression of complete bliss and love would come over him. This was not the case now, but there was a change in comparison to what his face had been two hours ago. I let another half hour pass, and then I decided to give him another 100 mg. I told him I was going to do it, and he acquiesced. I gave him another shot, and then I began to talk to him. He was very quiet now; he was very quiet and his legs were getting colder; higher and higher I could see purple areas of cynosis. Then I began to talk to him, saying, “Light and free.” Some of these things I told him at night in these last few weeks before he would go to sleep, and now I said it more convincingly, more intensely – “go, go, let go, darling; forward and up. You are going forward and up; you are going towards the light. Willing and consciously you are going, willingly and consciously, and you are doing this beautifully; you are doing this so beautifully – you are going towards the light; you are going towards a greater love; you are going forward and up. It is so easy; it is so beautiful. You are doing it so beautifully, so easily. Light and free. Forward and up. You are going towards Maria's love with my love. You are going towards a greater love than you have ever known. You are going towards the best, the greatest love, and it is easy, it is so easy, and you are doing it so beautifully.” I believe I started to talk to him – it must have been about one or two o'clock. It was very difficult for me to keep track of time. The nurse was in the room and Rosalind and Jinny and two doctors – Dr. Knight and Dr. Cutler. They were sort of far away from the bed. I was very, very near his ears, and I hope I spoke clearly and understandingly. Once I asked him, “Do you hear me?” He squeezed my hand. He was hearing me. I was tempted to ask more questions, but in the morning he had begged me not to ask any more question, and the entire feeling was that things were right. I didn't dare to inquire, to disturb, and that was the only question that I asked, “Do you hear me?” Maybe I should have asked more questions, but I didn't.
The ceasing of the breathing was not a drama at all, because it was done so slowly, so gently, like a piece of music just finishing in a sempre piu piano dolcemente.
These five people all said that this was the most serene, the most beautiful death. Both doctors and nurse said they had never seen a person in similar physical condition going off so completely without pain and without struggle.
Later on I asked the same question, but the hand didn't move any more. Now from two o'clock until the time he died, which was five-twenty, there was complete peace except for once. That must have been about three-thirty or four, when I saw the beginning of struggle in his lower lip. His lower lip began to move as if it were going to be a struggle for air. Then I gave the direction even more forcefully. “It is easy, and you are doing this beautifully and willingly and consciously, in full awareness, in full awareness, darling, you are going towards the light.” I repeated these or similar words for the last three or four hours. Once in a while my own emotion would overcome me, but if it did I immediately would leave the bed for two or three minutes, and would come back only when I could dismiss my emotion. The twitching of the lower lip lasted only a little bit, and it seemed to respond completely to what I was saying. “Easy, easy, and you are doing this willingly and consciously and beautifully – going forward and up, light and free, forward and up towards the light, into the light, into complete love.” The twitching stopped, the breathing became slower and slower, and there was absolutely not the slightest indication of contraction, of struggle. it was just that the breathing became slower – and slower – and slower, and at five-twenty the breathing stopped.
I had been warned in the morning that there might be some up-setting convulsions towards the end, or some sort of contraction of the lungs, and noises. People had been trying to prepare me for some horrible physical reaction that would probably occur. None of this happened, actually the ceasing of the breathing was not a drama at all, because it was done so slowly, so gently, like a piece of music just finishing in a sempre piu piano dolcemente. I had the feeling actually that the last hour of breathing was only the conditioned reflex of the body that had been used to doing this for 69 years, millions and millions of times. There was not the feeling that with the last breath, the spirit left. It had just been gently leaving for the last four hours. In the room the last four hours were two doctors, Jinny, the nurse, Rosalind Roger Gopal – you know she is the great friend of Krishnamurti, and the directress of the school in Ojai for which Aldous did so much. They didn't seem to hear what I was saying. I thought I was speaking loud enough, but they said they didn't hear it. Rosalind and Jinny once in a while came near the bed and held Aldous' hand. These five people all said that this was the most serene, the most beautiful death. Both doctors and nurse said they had never seen a person in similar physical condition going off so completely without pain and without struggle.
We will never know if all this is only our wishful thinking, or if it is real, but certainly all outward signs and the inner feeling gave indication that it was beautiful and peaceful and easy.
Aldous' asking for moksha medicine while dying is a confirmation of his work, and as such is of importance not only to us, but to the world.
And now, after I have been alone these few days, and less bombarded by other people's feelings, the meaning of this last day becomes clearer and clearer to me and more and more important. Aldous was, I think (and certainly I am) appalled at the fact that what he wrote in ISLAND was not taken seriously. It was treated as a work of science fiction, when it was not fiction because each one of the ways of living he described in ISLAND was not a product of his fantasy, but something that had been tried in one place or another and some of them in our own everyday life. If the way Aldous died were known, it might awaken people to the awareness that not only this, but many other facts described in ISLAND are possible here and now. Aldous'asking for moksha medicine while dying is a confirmation of his work, and as such is of importance not only to us, but to the world. It is true we will have some people saying that he was a drug addict all his life and that he ended as one, but it is history that Huxleys stop ignorance before ignorance can stop Huxleys.
Even after our correspondence on the subject, I had many doubts about keeping Aldous in the dark regarding his condition. It seemed not just that, after all he had written and spoken about death, he should be let to go into it unaware. And he had such complete confidence in me – he might have taken it for granted that had death been near I certainly would have told him and helped him. So my relief at his sudden awakening at his quick adjusting is immense. Don't you feel this also.
Now, is his way of dying to remain our, and only our relief and consolation, or should others also benefit from it? What do you feel?
Laura Huxley also discusses the experience in this short video:
How about you? Would you have the courage to take a psychedelic as your last rite? Would it deepen and enhance the experience of dying, or merely cheapen the process? Chime in below!
Sources: Letters of Note and Erowid
Photos by Anthony Karen.
Sallie Ann Glassman's Vodou temple is tucked away in New Orleans' up-and-coming Bywater neighborhood, hidden in an alley behind recently repainted homes, their decorative flowerbeds just beginning to bloom in the windowsills. The dirt and gravel path is guarded by a large, scrap metal sculpture of a gede, a spirit representative of sex, death, and regeneration. The walkway takes you past looming fences plastered with depictions of a whole menagerie of the Vodou spiritual pantheon—skeletal gedes, barons, and lwa. It's quiet, and standing alone with no one but the Technicolor spirits keeping you company can make you feel even more the outsider. There's a distant jangling chime of metal-on-metal, partnered with the heavy, panting breath of something both imposingly large and quickly approaching. The whole point of this was to help debunk the stereotypical Vodou image, not to prop it up.
"Sorry I'm late," Glassman says, rounding the corner with a very thick, very furry dog in tow.
A Vodou priestess (Mambo) begins to invoke the spirits (lwa) during the feast day of St. Francis De Assisi in a remote region of Haiti. Photos by Anthony Karen.
She and I shake hands, the collection of bracelets and charms sliding down her wrist. Glassman introduces her dog, Ayida, named after the lwa rainbow serpent. She unlocks the temple door, ritually knocking three times before entering the temple she built from the ground up. Except for the three massive altars, each taking up their own wall, you would think the tenants were in the process of moving out or renovating a large studio apartment; the floor is stripped to its concrete foundation, chairs stacked against the walls next to a barren kitchen. The altars, to the uneducated outsider, are a carefully constructed chaos of votive candles, liquor bottles, offering bowls, and iconographic images. It's hard not to let your mind free-associate to some set piece from a sexy Voodoo horror flick—a naked Lisa Bonet rolling around in blood, or a zombified Bill Pullman clutching at villagers' shirt hems, begging, "Don't let them bury me, I'm not dead."
There's a splashing sound behind me. Ayida has tipped over her water dish, and is now staring at the puddle accusingly.
"She hasn't quite figured out the bowl situation," Glassman says.
A Vodouisant after a moment of prayer.
When she's not leading fellow Vodouisants—or Vodou practitioners—in communal worship, Glassman has spent the past couple of decades educating a public solely exposed to her faith's pop culture bastardization, breaking through the stereotypical, often xenophobic and racist assumptions to depict Vodou as it really is—a vibrant, dense, and ever-evolving worldview.
"Voodoo is the sort of commercial, Hollywood, tourist version. Vodou is a religion," she clarifies.
Glassman, born in Maine to Ukranian-heritage Jews, doesn't exactly fit the traditional image of a mambo Asogwe, a Vodouhigh priestess. One can find themselves suspicious of the 60-year-old, tanned and vegan white woman explaining the slave origins of Haitian faith while sitting in the heart of the Voodoo tourist trap that is New Orleans. As she begins to explain her past, however, it slowly becomes clear that if this were an exploitative cash grab, she's certainly taken the long route to get here.
A Mambo is overcome by a spirit.
"I was really involved in the Ordo Templi Orientalis [the magickal fraternal order founded by Aleister Crowley]," she explains, refilling the water bowl for Ayida. "For a while I was the second-in-command; some title or another. I realized I just wasn't interested in getting power for myself."
Glassman moved to New Orleans and discovered traditional Vodou culture in 1976 through patrons at a bar she tended. By 1980, she was leading ceremonies in her home for the locals. Surprisingly, it's not race or nationality that separated Glassman from the Vodouisant traditionalists—it's her veganism. While exaggerated by films like Angel Heart and The Serpent and the Rainbow, not to mention Pat Robertson's 700 Club, ritual animal sacrifice does still play an important part in Vodou ritual. As Glassman began observing these ceremonies, she realized that her dietary ethics would need to be reconciled with her community.
A Vodou priest (Hougan or Houngan) begins to invoke the spirits lwa during the feast day of St. Francis De Assisi.
"It's said that the animals sort of offer themselves up…but my experience is [that] it's pretty horrific. It's really bloody. Quite gruesome," she says.
Anthony Karen, a photographer who has spent a great deal of time living with remote Haitian Vodou communities, agrees with Glassman's take.
"The ritual of sacrifice tends to be more extreme in the remote areas of the countryside. I won't get into details, but as an animal lover it can be quite difficult to watch…That said, the majority of sacrifices I've been witness to are fairly humane," Karen writes in an email.
A Houngan uses talc power to refresh and purify a sacrificial offering. The meat and hide will then be eaten and shared amongst that family or others in need.
"[Animal sacrifice] means feeding the spiritual bodies and entities through the angels of the earth [sic]. It is like recycling and regrouping the various energies to strengthen the body and the soul to assist in living this human experience."
Both Glassman and Karen stress the communal importance and significance of ritual Vodou animal slaughter. Once the ceremonies are complete, the meat from the offered animal is almost always distributed among the community to eat. In areas where supermarkets are a foreign concept, this is, quite literally, life-giving. But it still doesn't seem to make sense how a vegan from New England gravitated toward the one faith that's arguably the most associated with modern sacrificial animal offerings. To Glassman, living in America changes things.
"Is this for us, or is it for the spirit?" she asks regarding slaughter. "The lwa themselves were once human beings. [They've] died and…have new perspectives, and are able to guide and advise us. I have to think that this is about an ongoing evolution. At one time everyone was sacrificing humans to make the corn grow. We're appalled to think of that now."
Vodouisants in preparation for the offering.
Around the time Glassman began leading ritual ceremonies, a friend—who just so happened to be a Vodou temple president in Port-au-Prince—invited her to a Fet Gede/Day of the Dead ceremony in Haiti. As they discussed the possibility of the trip, the phone rang.
"It was [a friend of the temple president] in Haiti saying they had thrown [cast divination] for me, and why didn't I just come down and initiate instead of view a ceremony? I said, 'OK…sure, I'll do that,'" she recalls, laughing.
The trip changed everything for Glassman. There she met Edgard Jean Louis, a highly regarded Vodou priest, who assuaged her fears of being such an outsider in what is traditionally a tight-knit and private community.
"He just entered into my universe and became a very important influence towards me. He was really extraordinary…this white, Jewish girl from New England, vegan…his attitude was that if the lwa picked this person, who was he to say no? He called me his daughter; I called him papa."
After sacrificing a goat to appease the lwa, this Vodou priestess passed out while feeding on its blood.
Vodou, she explains, has always been about change and survival, originating during the slave trade as traditional African spirituality merged with Catholicism, Native American faiths, and even Masonry.
"Vodou is very beautiful and life-sustaining. It gave people the ability to endure that which was absolutely unendurable," Glassman continues.
A faith that is, by its very nature, fluid and creative means traditions will always be augmented with time. She's not alone in thinking this, either. An increasing number of Vodouisants are adopting a vegetarian or vegan lifestyle, believing it more harmonious for the universe and its spiritual inhabitants. Like any faith, there are still the Vodou hardliners who violently disagree with Glassman's vegan interpretations.
"My life has been threatened by it. Americans," she adds. "Always Americans."
It's easier, if not still a little strained, abroad. Glassman remembers an occasion in which she was asked to participate in a ritual slaughter alongside papa Edgard's wife in Haiti.
"She was a billion years old, and I'd never met her before. She was terrifying. She was so fierce. We were supposed to [sacrifice a chicken]. I just couldn't do it. The woman was looking at me like, 'This is what they give me to work with? What is the matter with you?' She did it for me, but she was absolutely like, 'Wimp.'" Glassman laughs. "But [Haitian Vodouisants] never made a big deal about it, and they never made me eat meat."
A young Vodouisant.
Most importantly, Glassman swears she's never had any problems summoning the lwa during her ceremonies, and that they've always been appreciative of her and her fellow Vodouisants' offerings—even when lacking an animal sacrifice.
"I honor and respect the traditions. We're doing all the elements of the ceremony in the right order, and yet we do work creatively within that…The world changes, and Vodou changes and responds. It's living and responsive to the world."
Is she worried about the hardliners who've threatened her in the past?
"I think a lot of the anger that gets projected onto me is the anger at the lwa for not kicking my butt." Glassman looks around at her temple, at the ornate altars, at Ayida as she finishes the last of the water. "But my life is pretty good."
In Los Angeles a representative for prosecutors described the arrest as all but inevitable in a game of cat and mouse they had never stopped playing. “Any time word is received that Mr. Polanski is planning to be in a country that has an extradition treaty with the U.S., we go through diplomatic channels with the arrest warrant,” said Sandi Gibbons, a spokeswoman for the Los Angeles County district attorney's office.
Ms. Gibbons said extradition requests had been pursued several times in the past, particularly when Mr. Polanski was believed to be planning a trip from France , where he lives, to Britain , which has laws that would allow extradition.
But American lawyers for Mr. Polanski challenged that. In a statement, Chad Hummel and Douglas Dalton, who represent Mr. Polanski, said that Mr. Dalton “had been told by several prior deputy district attorneys that no efforts had been made to extradite Mr. Polanski — who has resided in Paris, owned a home in Switzerland for many years, and worked throughout Europe during that time.”
Jeff Berg, Mr. Polanski's agent, also noted that the director had been in Switzerland over the summer editing his latest film, “The Ghost” and had traveled openly in Italy , Germany and Austria .
The lawyers' statement also said that during an Oct. 16, 2008, meeting. the deputy district attorney then assigned to the case, Richard Doyle, told Mr. Hummel that the prosecutors had never pursued extradition because the crime was not covered by a treaty with France.
This time, said Ms. Gibbons, who spoke by telephone on Sunday morning, prosecutors learned more than a week ago that Mr. Polanski was planning to accept the award in Zurich and asked that the United States government officially request the extradition.
Mr. Polanski has in recent months tried to move the longstanding criminal case out of Los Angeles, claiming that the court system there is biased against him. In January a Los Angeles County Superior Court judge turned down the request; Mr. Polanski's lawyers filed an appeal in July that is pending. But as part of that action, a California court of appeal ordered the Superior Court to explain why Mr. Polanski needed to be present.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
In a separate statement Mr. Dalton, Mr. Hummel and a third lawyer representing Mr. Polanski, Bart Dalton, said they had been unaware that any extradition attempt was being considered and had hoped that their pending appeal would resolve the case. “Separate counsel will be retained for those proceedings,” the statement said with regard to the extradition request.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
Assuming Mr. Polanski does not waive his right to appeal the extradition, he can challenge the arrest warrant and any eventual extradition order, said Guido Balmer, a spokesman for the Swiss Federal Justice Department, and appeal both issues in the Swiss federal penal court of justice. If he were to lose those appeals, he could then get a final hearing on both issues at the Federal Court of Justice.
Mr. Balmer said he could not estimate how long any appeal might go on, but said, “It's true that it won't be a matter of hours.” As of Sunday morning, Mr. Polanski's representatives in Los Angeles did not know precisely where he was being held, according to two people who were briefed on the situation but spoke on condition of anonymity because they were not authorized to comment.
The victim in the case, Samantha Geimer, has long since publicly identified herself and expressed forgiveness for Mr. Polanski, who fled the United States on the eve of his sentencing in 1978 after becoming convinced that a judge in the case, Laurence J. Rittenband, meant to backtrack on a plea arrangement and send him back to prison.
The legal proceedings around Mr. Polanski heated up again in late 2008 with the release of a documentary film, “Roman Polanski: Wanted and Desired,” that detailed claims of judicial and prosecutorial wrongdoing at the time of the director's original arrest.
Citing the film and other evidence, Mr. Polanski's lawyers asked in December 2008 that the case against him be dropped. In February in Los Angeles County Superior Court, Judge Peter Espinoza rejected the request, citing Mr. Polanski's fugitive status, though he indicated during a hearing that he was open to arguments that misconduct had occurred in the case.
The documentary, directed by Marina Zenovich, included an interview in which a former deputy prosecutor who was not involved in the Polanski case described having coached Judge Rittenband, who has since died, about Mr. Polanski's sentencing.
Mr. Polanski was initially indicted in 1977 on six felony charges that included rape , sodomy and providing a controlled substance to Ms. Geimer. He eventually pleaded guilty to one count of having sex with a minor but left the country after becoming convinced he would be sent back to jail after having a 42-day psychiatric evaluation in state prison. He has not openly visited the country since; when he won an Oscar for directing “The Pianist,” he did not attend the ceremony.
Famous as the director of “Knife in the Water,” “Repulsion” and other films — and as the husband of Sharon Tate, who was killed by the Manson crime family — Mr. Polanski, a French citizen, has long owned a home in Switzerland near the Gstaad resort. Why he would suddenly be arrested after flying in and out of Zurich without trouble for years flummoxed his Hollywood friends on Sunday, although Ms. Gibbons said it was simply a matter of having enough notice that Mr. Polanski would visit a country in which he was vulnerable.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Mr. Polanski has been careful to avoid certain countries — he testified by video link in a 2005 libel trial in London rather than risk entering Britain — but has traveled freely in Europe for decades, partly to direct films.
Mr. Polanski's arrest could hinder the release of “The Ghost.” Sales agents for the film have waited for Mr. Polanski to complete it before lining up a United States distributor.
The film, scheduled for release in 2010, is still in postproduction.
It's starting to feel like old times with the Notre Dame football, again – a dominant program that takes what it wants (wins and recruits) from wherever it wants it (be it the Coliseum, Yankee Stadium or Monroe, Ga.).
But what do I really know about “old times” anyway? I was eight years old the last time Notre Dame won a national championship. By the time my formative years rolled around in the mid-90s, I was wearing out Irish apparel to high school – in Texas mind you – so that I could pass my devotion to a dying program as “vintage.”
In the interest of disclosure, by the time Charlie Weis was fired after a 16-21 stretch over his final three seasons in South Bend, I wasn't sure what it took anymore to be successful at Notre Dame. The only thing I felt was certain was that Notre Dame needed to hit a homerun with Weis' replacement in the midst of a 21-year championship (and general relevancy) drought.
I wasn't sure if proven champions such as Bob Stoops or Urban Meyer could even reverse the wear of the mismanagement of Notre Dame football for the better part of the last two decades, but I thought the University should pony up the money to try. Set the new standard for the salary of an elite coach with a blank check, if that's what it took.
I was less convinced that a relative FBS neophyte such as Brian Kelly could break the cycle of mediocrity in South Bend. I found the comparisons to the pre-Notre Dame careers of Irish coaching legends such as Ara Parseghian and Lou Holtz incomplete. Parseghian and Holtz were groomed in conferences such as the Big Ten and the SWC against regular national championship contenders.
Kelly's background at the FBS level included the Mid-American Conference, and the Big East, which has a less than stellar record when it comes to churning out successful coaches elsewhere. Prior to 2010, only one championship coach from the watered-down, Miami and Boston College-less Big East had posted even a winning record at a successive stop – Bobby Petrino with an 8-5 record at Arkansas in 2009 – since 2004. Other championship coaches, including Walt Harris (Pitt, 2004), Rich Rodriguez (West Virginia, 2003-05 and 2007) and Paul Pasqualoni (Syracuse, 2004) failed to muster any success, putting Big East glory into a different, less flattering perspective.
By the time the clock hit zeros after a 35-17 Oct. 23 loss to Navy, I was convinced that the Holtz trend Kelly was mostly likely to follow was a new defensive coordinator by year three. Kelly admitted afterward that his staff had few answers for a Midshipmen offensive game plan that racked up 367 yards rushing and 438 total yards.
“If we played like we played defensively, there won't be a year five and six for me,” Kelly acknowledged. “We have to execute better, clearly, on both sides. We've seen glimpses of it. We just haven't been able to grasp it as a consistent form for us.”
A week later, I was not only unsure if Brian Kelly was the right coach for Notre Dame, I was uncertain if the program was truly committed to building a truly competitive program that could contend for national championships ever again, forget once in a while, much less annually. All Notre Dame had to show for its $100 million program was a 4-5 record through October, a 22nd year of disappointment and a bunch of women's soccer and fencing championships – a clinic in Title IX execution, if nothing else.
But somewhere around the beginning of November, Kelly and his staff slowly seemed to conquer the enigma that has been coaching at Notre Dame since Holtz left South Bend. Whatever curse that has lingered appears to be lifting with each small victory along the way.
First, Kelly had to get his upperclassmen to buy into his program, a tall order as many of those players surely started to shift their focus from the team disappointments of failed campaigns that rounded out Weis' tenure to personal aspirations and doors opened by the rest of the Notre Dame experience.
With the careers of seniors such as running back Robert Hughes and linebacker Brian Smith left for dead, Kelly and his staff somehow inspired a maximum effort from such players at the season's breaking point and in need of a “next man in.” After carrying just 17 times for 90 yards through the first nine games, Hughes stepped up in relief of the injured Armando Allen over the final four games, and carried 51 times for 210 yards with both of his touchdowns in 2010. Smith moved from outside linebacker to the middle alongside sophomore Manti Te'o following an injury to Carlo Calabrese against Navy, and held his own with 27 tackles down the stretch.
Notre Dame's four-game winning streak to close the season was the program's first such streak since 1992, and while the competition was suspect – Utah, Army and USC were all beaten by 20 or more points within two weeks of playing the Irish, and Miami rode a two-game losing streak into the Sun Bowl, including a home loss to South Florida in the finale – it shouldn't be overlooked that at worst Kelly and his staff were finally beating the teams Notre Dame should beat, which had been an agonizing challenge for recent staffs.
But even if fans or foes, alike, aren't putting much credibility into Notre Dame's momentum on the field, recruits apparently are. For all of the questions surrounding Kelly's prowess as a recruiter, he's responded with authority.
Sure, the recruiting landscape appears slightly tamer with ruthless recruiters such as Urban Meyer and Pete Carroll out of the game. The hottest college coach in America – former Stanford head coach Jim Harbaugh – took his talents to the NFL, taking one more big hitter off of Notre Dame's trail. But Kelly and his staff have taken whatever foundation Weis and his staff laid, and built a fortress on it.
Kelly and his staff have pulled off what once seemed impossible. Texas has currently provided the Irish with the second-most prospects of any state recruited this season. Cornerback Jalen Brown, running back Cam McDaniel and defensive back Bennett Okotcha will collectively more than double the number of Texans on Notre Dame's roster if they follow through with signatures on Feb. 2.
The defeatist “if they're looking we're looking” approach has been replaced by the relentless mantra: Recruit until Signing Day. Instead of kicking dirt over the potential losses of critical defensive line prospects such as Aaron Lynch, Stephon Tuitt and Ishaq Williams, the Irish coaches simply worked harder.
When Williams set out for a visit to Penn State, defensive coordinator Bob Diaco undercut the trip with a 4:30 a.m. visit that secured the Brooklyn native's verbal commitment.
“Any questions about whether or not Ishaq is important to their program are answered right there when the coach calls a minute into the permissible period and then shows up four and a half hours later,” Williams' father Shaun Williams explained to ESPN.com.
“I had just gotten out of the shower. We were getting ready to get on the road. I had on a bathrobe and was drinking some tea when coach Diaco came in. We were talking. We were laughing. When he left Ishaq said, ‘Daddy, how are we going to tell Penn State that I'm not going to go there?' ”
Less than a week later, Tuitt was on the fence, if not on the other side of it after proclaiming a switch from Notre Dame to Georgia Tech. Perhaps the Irish had spread themselves a little thin when it came to Tuitt, a prospect from Georgia where local ties can often be too much to break.
It's no secret that Monroe Area head coach Matt Fligg is close with Georgia Tech's staff. If his comments to the Atlanta Journal-Constitution are any indication, he was instrumental in getting athlete Demontevious Smith, a teammate of Tuitt, recognition from the Yellow Jackets' staff on the recruiting trail.
“I have been on [Tech recruiting coordinator Andy McCollum] about Demontevious since last year,” Fligg said. “He has the ability to make the big play any time he touches the ball. His character and attitude is the best I've coached and I'm old.”
Smith is currently one of 21 verbally committed recruits for Georgia Tech, and Tuitt nearly made a 22nd from Monroe Area High School, just about an hour outside of Atlanta.
“Tuitt made the decision [to commit to Georgia Tech on Jan. 18] after hunkering down with his mother the last two days and having a long conversation with Monroe Area head coach Matt Fligg Tuesday morning,” Chip Towers reported. “He called Notre Dame coaches immediately after that meeting, then Tech head coach Paul Johnson.”
But like a scene out of an old Western movie, Notre Dame's new four horsemen – Kelly, Diaco, recruiting coordinator and defensive backs coach Chuck Martin, and defensive line coach Mike Elston – rode into Monroe to reclaim what was once theirs, welcomed by the locals or otherwise.
When all was said and done, Tuitt was back on board as Notre Dame's 23rd recruit in what should be a stellar class if all remains status quo.
“They just told the truth,” he told the Atlanta Journal-Constitution when asked what changed his mind. “They didn't say anything negative about Georgia Tech or anything like that. They just told the truth about what Notre Dame could do for me and what I could do at Notre Dame.
"I should be solid to signing day."
And just for good measure, Kelly and his staff stole defensive end prospect Chase Hounshell from recruiting nemesis Florida and former head coach Charlie Weis (now an offensive coordinator with the Gators on Will Muschamp's first staff).
Will any of this add up to National Championships? After all, that's what we're all here for. Sure, the academic alums will continue to cheer on Notre Dame, win or lose, out of loyalty for their alma mater. But if Notre Dame wants the subways to keep running through the station, then they need to get back on top.
I don't know if Notre Dame's current run is all a part of the championship reclamation process. But I'm more inclined to buy into it now than I was three months ago.
Sunday on ABC's “This Week” network contributor Cokie Roberts declared during a panel discussion about President Donald Trump's reaction to the violence in Charlottesville, VA that Trump had to “share responsibility.”
Roberts said, “Well, the president has to share responsibility. The fact is, is that through hat campaign, he blew all kind of whistles that those of us who grew up in the Jim Crow South, like I did, recognized immediately.”
“It was just calling out to these white supremacists who then felt empowered by it, and the president now not calling them out — you know, he should listen to Nikki Haley, his now UN ambassador,” she continued. “She's the person who started bringing down Confederate monuments. And she did it so graciously and exactly the right tone after the killings of Mother Emmanuel Church.”
Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN
CHICAGO (MarketWatch) -- Job losses caused more Americans to fall behind on their mortgage payments in the third quarter, leading to a record 14.41% of loans either in foreclosure or with at least one payment past due, the Mortgage Bankers Association's chief economist said Thursday.
"Despite the recession ending in mid-summer, the decline in mortgage performance continues. Job losses continue to increase and drive up delinquencies and foreclosures because mortgages are paid with paychecks, not percentage point increases in GDP," said Jay Brinkmann, chief economist of the MBA, in a news release. "Over the last year, we have seen the ranks of the unemployed increase by about 5.5 million people, increasing the number of seriously delinquent loans by almost 2 million loans and increasing the rate of new foreclosures from 1.07% to 1.42%."
Delinquency and foreclosure rates are expected to continue worsening before improving, he said. The employment picture is unlikely to improve until sometime next year, and even then jobs will grow at a slow pace.
"Perhaps more importantly, there is no reason to expect that when the economy begins to add more jobs, those jobs will be in areas with the biggest excess housing inventory and the highest delinquency rates," he said.
About 4 million mortgage loans are 90 days or more past due or in foreclosure, Brinkmann said. That compares with 3.9 million new and previously occupied homes now for sale, he said, adding that there is likely overlap between the numbers.
"The ultimate resolution of these seriously delinquent loans will put added pressure on the hardest-hit sections of the country," he said.
The delinquency rate for mortgage loans on one- to four-unit residential properties rose to a seasonally adjusted 9.64% of all loans outstanding at the end of the third quarter, up from 9.24% in the second quarter and 6.99% a year ago, according to the MBA's quarterly delinquency survey, released Thursday. That is the highest level of delinquencies on record, with data dating back to 1972.
Also breaking a record was the percentage of loans in the foreclosure process: At the end of the third quarter, that number was 4.47%, up from 4.3% in the second quarter and 2.97% a year ago.
Foreclosure actions were started on 1.42% of all mortgage loans outstanding at the end of the third quarter, up from 1.36% in the second quarter and 1.07% a year ago; the rate of foreclosure starts also set a new record.
The MBA survey covers about 44.5 million one- to four- unit residential properties, representing about 85% of all first-lien residential mortgages outstanding in the country.
Prime borrowers struggle
"Prime fixed-rate loans continue to represent the largest share of foreclosures started and the biggest driver of the increase in foreclosures," Brinkmann said. According to the survey results, 33% of foreclosures started in the third quarter were on prime fixed-rate loans.
The problems seen with this loan type are generally tied to the steady climb in unemployment -- even if there is a delayed reaction after a job is lost.
With prime fixed-rate mortgages, "when someone loses a job, chances are they don't go into default immediately" because these borrowers typically have reserves they can tap, he said. But reserves won't last forever, and the borrower's ability to keep that home depends on finding another job before his or her financial cushion runs out.
Also continuing to deteriorate is the performance of prime adjustable-rate mortgages, including pay-option ARMs, he said. Brinkmann noted, however, that pay-option ARMs have had some of the highest modification rates.
Meanwhile, foreclosures started on subprime fixed-rate and subprime adjustable-rate loans actually decreased, he said.
Four states continue to drive up the national foreclosure rate: Florida, California, Arizona and Nevada had 43% of all foreclosures started in the third quarter, down just slightly from 44% the previous quarter, according to the report.
FHA loans falter
The foreclosure rate of loans insured by the Federal Housing Administration also increased in the third quarter, even though there also has been a large jump in the number of FHA loans outstanding, he said.
"The number of FHA loans outstanding has increased by about 1.1 million over the last year. This increase in the denominator depresses the delinquency and foreclosure percentages. If we assume these newly-originated loans are not the ones defaulting and remove the big denominator increase from the calculation results, the foreclosure rate would be 1.76% rather than 1.31% reported," he said in the release.
The FHA has been dealing with losses in its capital reserve fund, due to problems with mortgages that originated before this year. Read about changes the FHA is considering to manage risk.
But newly originated FHA loans are not likely to be at as much of risk as those made in previous years, Brinkmann said. The new loans are likely of better quality, partly because seller-paid down-payment assistance is no longer available for FHA-backed mortgages; the assistance has been blamed for contributing to some of the problems, he said.
Also, loans being originated today are being done at what is believed to be at or near the bottom of the home-price cycle, he added. While home-price drops may still be ahead, they're unlikely to be of the magnitude seen in the past, Brinkmann said.
And it's possible that if, in fact, unemployment is nearing its peak, new borrowers today are more likely to hang on to their jobs -- and make their mortgage payments.
"Those with jobs now may be the most likely to keep their jobs," he said in an interview.
As conscious beings, we are constantly aware of the relentless march of time. You can make an egg into an omelet, but you can't turn an omelet back into an egg. Dropped glasses shatter and do not reassemble themselves. Above all, we age and become decrepit; there is no return to youth.
But this is a great scientific mystery. There is nothing in the form of the laws of nature at the fundamental microscopic level that distinguishes a direction of time. They are time-symmetric. But the behavior of macroscopic objects around us is subject to the famous second law of thermodynamics, according to which disorder (as measured by entropy) always increases with time. This puts a direction, or arrow, of time into phenomena. The classical studies by Maxwell and Boltzmann in the second half of the 19th century assumed the existence of atoms and showed, on the basis of reasonable laws, that non-uniform distributions of atoms would always have a tendency to be washed out into a state with a uniform temperature distribution.
This initial work took no account of gravity. Gravity presents many puzzles because it gives rise to “anti-thermodynamic” behavior: Under its influence, uniformly distributed matter tends to break up into clusters. As of now, no one knows how to describe this behavior using an entropy-type concept. This is all the more puzzling because Einstein's wonderful theory of gravity—his general theory of relativity—does show that when black holes form they do have thermodynamic properties and possess a colossal entropy. What no one has been able to do is define gravitational entropy for the rest of the universe.
The most popular ideas, initiated by the great gravitational theorist Roger Penrose, attempt to define this gravitational entropy for the rest of the universe in terms of the degree of non-uniformity of the gravitational field. Cosmological observations indicate that the early universe began in an exceptionally uniform state, which, if Penrose is right, corresponds to a very low entropy. Since then entropy has greatly increased, above all through the formation of black holes. But this in turn raises a question: Given time-symmetric laws and the fact that high-entropy states are vastly more probable than low-entropy states, what explains the exceptionally low entropy of the universe's initial state?
Gravity presents many puzzles because it gives rise to “anti-thermodynamic” behavior. Also in Physics The Multiverse As Muse By Jordana Cepelewicz In his short story “The Garden of Forking Paths,” the Argentinian writer Jorge Luis Borges describes a present that can, at any moment, bifurcate into different futures—an endless labyrinth of worlds. Taken together they form, he writes, “an infinite series...READ MORE
A common assumption among scientists today is simply that, for some as yet unknown, possibly quantum-mechanical reason, the universe just did begin in such a state. This is the “past hypothesis.” It invokes the fact that all standard explanations in physics involve both laws and initial conditions: The outcome of any laboratory experiment is determined both by laws and by the conditions under which it is started. The past hypothesis extends this traditional way of thinking to the whole universe. It relies on law and on an initial condition.
But the reliance on an unexplained initial condition to explain two of the most striking features of the universe—the growth of entropy around us alongside the steady growth of structure in the universe at large—leaves Penrose and others like myself dissatisfied. What drives scientists is the desire to explain and understand phenomena. We all want to emulate the way Charles Darwin explained so much with just four words: evolution by natural selection. In the case of time's arrow, it is literally a matter of life and death, for we all march together in the same direction from birth to the grave. What is it that puts such striking order into the world?
My collaborators and I have hit upon a potential explanation that relies on law alone.1 We came to it by chance, and it may or may not be correct. However, it has the merit of showing how at least one time-symmetric law (gravity) always leads to an observed unidirectional growth of structure.
The basis of our explanation lies in the simplest “toy” model one can make of the universe: three equal-mass particles that interact in accordance with Newton's law of universal gravitation. The three particles move relative to each other, tracing out paths in infinite space rather like three endless strands of spaghetti held in fixed mutual positions. Each triplet of curves will have a different shape from any other. Under restrictions that are reasonable if we are aiming to model the whole universe, virtually all path triplets described by the particles will be of the kind shown in the Figure, “A toy model of the universe.”
Flavio Mercati & Julian Barbour
As indicated by the arrows in the Figure, we see one particle coming from the bottom left while the other two particles are orbiting each other and coming from the top right. There is a complicated interaction when they meet, as a result of which there may, as shown, be a swapping of partners. Then the single particle flies off to the top left, while the new pair goes to the bottom right. It may also happen that there is no swapping of partners.
In either case, the key point is that, because the underlying law does not distinguish a direction of time, the arrows can be reversed and the story reads equally well in the opposite direction. If one considers the complete solution, there is no way in which the law that governs the process enables one to identify a beginning or end of the story. It is quite impossible to say that time flows in one direction rather than the opposite.
However, there is an intriguing alternative to considering the complete solution in the figure. Let's start with what seems real. In any instant, three particles form a triangle. To say it has a size, we would need a ruler. But that would be something extra, and we want to model the universe by the three particles and nothing else. That just leaves us with the shape of the triangle, which is determined by two angles. Since the shape changes continuously and can be assumed never to repeat exactly, then if we were given all the triangles we could lay them out unambiguously in one of two definite orders, each the opposite of the other.
What now are instants of time? There is no clock in our model to tell them. All we have is shapes. Since they are all different and can be arranged in a line, let's call them the instants. Since remote antiquity the changing shape of the moon has been used for dating purposes. It still controls the Islamic calendar and the Christian and Jewish feast days. Taking the shapes of the universe as instants makes it into the ultimate moon.
It is literally a matter of life and death, for we all march together in the same direction from birth to the grave.
Having established the importance of shape, let us interpret the Figure in terms of how the shape changes, starting with the central region where all three particles interact strongly. Typically, this is a very irregular region, and the shapes change accordingly. It may be likened to “primordial chaos.” Let's arbitrarily call this central region the “beginning” of time.
Now consider the diagonal of the Figure in which the arrows are shown pointing away from the “primordial chaos.” The line going up to the left represents a single particle, the twisted “spaghetti” strands going down to the right represent a pair that settles ever more stably into an orbiting pair. This pair serves as a periodic process that defines a clock. Each successive “tick” occurs when one particle of the pair crosses the line joining the center of mass of the particle to the third particle. That is when the universe is in the special shape of three particles on a line. So our toy universe really is like the moon.
But now let's think if there is any sense in which a direction, or orientation, of time can be identified in the Figure. I pointed out that in our universe two opposite effects define the same direction of time. The growth of disorder (entropy) in restricted regions, while simultaneously the universe on the large scale is getting ever more richly structured as galaxies, stars, and planetary systems form. Our model is far too simple to model the growth of entropy, but it does model the growth of structure.
Indeed, one can regard the orbiting pair as a “galaxy,” the formation of which as it emerges from the “primordial chaos” can be followed step by step in the Figure. Thus, if we restrict attention to the considered diagonal and define the direction of time by the growth of structure out of chaos, we obtain a story that, in its most basic features, models rather well what cosmologists observe in the universe. It's the story of a universe whose overall shape changes in a unidirectional manner.
© CNAC/MNAM/Dist. RMN-Grand Palais / Art Resource, NY
But there is of course the other diagonal, the one running from bottom left to top right. If we reverse the arrows on it and again take the “primordial chaos” as the birth of time, we get another “history of the universe,” different from the first but qualitatively of the same kind. We have two quite different histories within one solution! This is all done with just three particles. For reasons given in our paper, the same kind of thing happens if the number of particles is increased arbitrarily. Remarkably, there is always a region of irregular chaotic motion—a “primordial chaos”—from which two and only two effectively independent paths emerge. Note that the simplest version of this model has three particles, since a clock could not be defined with only two.
As god-like theoreticians, we can look at the Figure in its entirety and see that it defines no overall direction of time. But any observer within the Figure's universe will necessarily be in one of the two parts I have called histories (one of the two diagonals). Restricted to it, they would observe the key attributes that we associate with time: a division into past, present, and future; clocks that measure time; and progressive growth of structure that defines an arrow of time. They would therefore take the “primordial chaos” at the Figure's center to be a past that caused the ordered present.
It should be said that it is the nature of each history rather than the duplication of histories that is important. Although the basic kind of behavior is not changed by adding particles, we cannot expect Newton's theory to model Einstein's general relativity. However, it is interesting that there are some very special solutions of the Newtonian theory that are relatively good models for Einstein's.
In these, the “primordial chaos” is not an irregular region but one in which all the particles are at exactly the same point, from which they initially emerge in a rather uniform distribution, which then becomes irregular before stable structures form. In this case, there is just one diagonal, at the middle of which all the particles are at one point. This is a promising model of the Big Bang of modern cosmology.
Photo courtesy of Julian Barbour
The point I want to make is this: All solutions of the model exhibit unidirectional growth of structure out of “chaos.” Very basic elements of the law mean that the growth cannot reverse. The underlying reasons are given in the paper by my collaborators and myself. Moreover, if, as in cosmology, we define the direction of time by the growth of structure, all solutions supply a direction of time even though they are generated by a law that, in itself, does not distinguish a direction of time.
The three-particle toy model questions our instinctive notion of causality, according to which something in the past causes what happens now. In the Figure, there is no past that causes and explains any present. Causality does not work that way. Law is the only cause, including the case of the special solutions with only one history. All solutions that obey the law exist in a timeless eternity like paths in a landscape or valleys in a mountain range. It's wrong to read causality through time into the solutions. Paths simply are. However, they can lead from less to more structured regions. The model proves that law alone, without any special initial condition, may be sufficient to explain time's arrow.
Now let's return to our own universe, which exhibits unidirectional change. In the traditional chronology, the early universe was vastly more uniform than today's. Observations of the microwave radiation that bathes the universe reveal random fluctuations in temperature and mass density of only about one part in 10,000.
Taking this state as an initial condition, cosmologists can explain remarkably well how the present universe with its incredibly rich structure and huge density contrasts came into being. It is therefore very natural to say the microwave background existed before our present universe and through a causal mechanism gave rise to it. It seems utterly bizarre to say the present universe caused the microwave background. But, in the final analysis, this is a conclusion based on instinct, not hard fact—and instinct has often hindered progress in science.
This work is just a start. The fact that all this emerges already from the interaction of just three particles is due to the beautiful simplicity of Newton's law of gravity and certain architectonic structures it possesses. Einstein's general relativity has them too but is a much richer theory, so we cannot say yet whether in that case law alone will suffice to create an arrow of time without the crutch of a special initial condition. If it does, though, one of the intuitions that most people, including many scientists, find very hard to shed—that time is real and does flow—may well be an illusion.
Julian Barbour is an independent theoretical physicist who has devoted much research into the nature of time. Since 2008, he has been a visiting professor in physics at the University of Oxford.
Lead image (and detail): Birth of the Universe by Antoine Pevsner, 1933. © CNAC/MNAM/Dist. RMN-Grand Palais / Art Resource, NY
Reproduction, including downloading of Antoine Pevsner works is prohibited by copyright laws and international conventions without the express written permission of Artists Rights Society (ARS), New York.
Footnote
1. This article is based on a paper by Tim Koslowski, Flavio Mercati, and myself. Readers can also view a talk by me, here. My thanks to Flavio for the use of his figure.
Over 15 districts spread across Uttar Pradesh, Bihar, Jharkhand, West Bengal and Orissa saw Durga Puja with a difference this festival season. Instead of the goddess slaying Mahishasur, the usual story of the Puja, this year, tribals and people belonging to Scheduled Castes and backward classes in these districts are celebrating the "demon king" as a non-Aryan inhabitant and a just king of the land, with Durga representing Aryan invaders.
They will conclude the Puja with Vijay Dashmi or Dussehra marked as 'Mahishasur Shahadat Diwas (Martyrdom Day)'.
According to this version, it is the Brahmins and Aryans who spun the "false" yarn of Durga being good and Mahishasur evil.
The first Mahishasur Diwas celebration was organised by the India Backward Students' Forum at Jawaharlal Nehru University (JNU), New Delhi, three years ago  perhaps the first such subaltern version of the mythology of Mahishasur and Durga. Now, for the first time, it is being observed at such a large scale.
"The nine days of Durga Puja have never been a time of celebration for the Kherwal tribes but that of mourning. Only this time, there is greater awareness amongst our people about the story of Mahishasur and Durga," Ajit Prasad Hembram, a tribal activist organising the Mahishasur Martyrdom Day in Purulia district of West Bengal, said over the phone. "Similar ceremonies are being organised in at least 20 different places in West Bengal this year, including Malda, Bankura and Hooghly."
As per Hembram and Ashwini Kumar Pankaj, a tribal activist and editor of Johar Disum Khabar, a multi-lingual journal published from Ranchi, Mahishasur (also known as Hudhud Durga) was a clan leader of tribals in the Santhal region, who put up a strong fight against Aryan invasion. According to Hembram, as tribals did not pick up weapons against women, children, aged and the weak, the Aryans sent a woman to lure him. "The Aryans came with a proposal of marriage. But they used treachery and a woman called Durga killed Mahishasur," said Hembram.
... contd.
Please read our terms of use before posting comments
Julia was browsing tiny house videos on YouTube today and ran across this unusual shelter system. It's been developed for military and disaster relief missions as a quickly deployed hardened shelter. The dome is made out of a concrete impregnated fabric.
To setup one of these structures you simple unroll it, inflate with a fan, and literally spray it with water. The structure will cure quickly and is usable in 12 to 24 hours depending on the size. The structure can then be bermed and/or buried for added protection from the elements.
I can see the value of such a quickly deployed bullet-proof building in a war zone. It's ironic and sad that such an amazingly innovate technology had to be born out of such a dark need. But I am glad to see this come to market because it has incredible potential for quickly erected low-cost housing.
Concrete Canvas even offers a tiny house size dome. The 16 square meter (172 square feet) version can be setup by two people in 40 minutes and can be ready to use in 12 hours. That just makes my head spin.
Unfortunately it doesn't sound like they're marketing to owner-builders yet but if this looks like a solution you might be interested in visit Concrete Canvas for more information. Concrete Canvas is located in the UK.
Watch this video to see a larger version of this instant house get inflated and hosed.
Photo credit Concrete Canvas.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
Tumblr
Pinterest
Like this: Like Loading...
View information about George Carlin's arrest and mugshot here on famouslyarrested.com George Carlin. You can view information about Larry King's arrest and other celebrity arrests. You can view by name or by category. We also have included George Carlin mugshots.
George Carlin
Name: George Carlin
George Carlin Field: Comedian
Comedian Arrest Date: July, 1972
July, 1972 Charge: Obscenity
Obscenity Result: Charges dismissed
The arrest of George Carlin:
He's one of the most influential and important counter culture comedians.
George Carlin grew up watching Lenny Bruce, Jonathan Winters and Ernie Kovacs, among others.
He influenced Chris Rock, Jerry Seinfeld, Jon Stewart, Steven Colbert and Bill Maher.
And he's famous for the "Seven Words You Can Never Say on Television", which led to the famous Supreme Court obscenity ruling. (Here's the routine, for adults only.)
Carlin was also arrested for public indecency in Wisconsin for performing the routine on stage. A Milwaukee Judge dismissed the charges. For the full story on George Carlin's life and death, click his highlighted name in this sentence.
Please visit our social sites and you can let us know what specific person or celebrity you would like to read about who has famously been arrested.
SunMoon Pre-Bank Unobtainable Egg & Sketch Moves OmegaDonut Nov 23rd, 2016 ( edited ) 30,560 Never 30,560Never
Not a member of Pastebin yet? Sign Up , it unlocks many cool features!
rawdownloadcloneembedreportprint text 4.49 KB Decidueye - Ominous Wind, Curse Toucannon - Boomburst, Uproar Ledian - Encore, Knock Off, Focus Punch, Drain Punch, Dizzy Punch Ariados - Disable, Signal Beam, Electroweb Vikavolt - Electroweb Sudowoodo - Sand Tomb, Curse, Endure Chansey\Blissey - Mud Bomb, Counter, Seismic Toss Snorlax - Self-Destruct, After You, Whirlwind, Charm, Belch Slowbro\Slowking - Belch Pelipper - Knock Off Alakazam - Barrier, Power Trick, Guard Swap, Skill Swap, Ice Punch, Psycho Shift Persian - Assist Muk - Scary Face, Pursuit (Alola), Assurance (Alola) Hypno - Barrier, Assist, Guard Swap, Secret Power, Skill Swap, Ice Punch Hariyama - Helping Hand Crabominable - Superpower Gengar - Haze, Scary Face, Reflect Type, Thunder Punch, Ice Punch, Fire Punch Drifblim - Tailwind, Defog, Haze Mismagius - Me First, Nasty Plot Crobat - Venom Drench, Giga Drain, Zen Headbutt, Hypnosis, Curse Fearow - Tri Attack Mandibuzz - Knock Off, Fake Tears Ribombee - Skill Swap Lilligant - Healing Wish, Bide Whimsicott - Memento, Beat Up, Switcheroo Golduck - Secret Power, Simple Beam Machamp - Rolling Kick, Ice Punch, Power Trick Gigalith - Magnitude, Curse Sableye - Moonlight, Captivate, Metal Burst, Imprison Spinda - Assist, Psycho Shift Tentacruel - Rapid Spin, Haze, Knock Off, Acupressure, Muddy Water, Tickle Lumineon - Aurora Beam, Psybeam Luvdisc - Entrainment Corsola - Ingrain, Camoflage Cloyster - Twineedle, Mud Shot, Rapid Spin, Take Down Salamence - Defense Curl Wigglytuff - Captivate, Punishment, Misty Terrain, Heal Pulse, Covet Masquerain - Power Split Araquanid - Power Split Lurantis - Defog Shiinotic - Amnesia Parasect - Rototiller Poliwrath\Politoed - Endeavor Seaking - Haze, Psybeam Talonflame - Snatch Salazzle - Belch, Knock Off, Snatch, Fake Out Marowak - Double Kick, Detect Kangaskhan - Focus Punch, Uproar, Circle Throw Magmortar - Belch, Power Swap, Iron Tail, Flare Blitz, Mach Punch, Barrier, Mega Punch Tsareena - Feint, Acupressure Comfey - After You, Lucky Chant. Amnesia Pinsir - Me First Goodra - Acid Armor, Curse, Poison Tail, Counter Castform - Reflect Type, Guard Swap Palossand - Ancient Power Rampardos - Whirlwind, Slam Bastiodon - Wide Guard, Stealth Rock Archeops - Knock Off, Switcheroo, Ally Switch Carracosta - Knock Off, Guard Swap Lanturn - Psybeam, Shock Wave Garbodor - Haze, Curse Skarmory - Endure, Stealth Rock, Guard Swap, Curse Clefairy\Clefable - Heal Pulse, Misty Terrain, Covet, Splash Turtonator - Wide Guard, Revenge, Fire Spin Electivire - Ice Punch, Rolling Kick, Barrier Geodude - Endure, Screech, Rock Climb, Focus Punch, Curse Klefki - Switcheroo Drampa - Play Rough, Razor Wind Glalie\Froslass - Switcheroo Weavile - Assist Ninetales - Tail Slap, Secret Power Vanilluxe - Water Pulse, Natural Gift Gastrodon - Sludge Lapras - Avalanche Exeggutor - Block, Skill Swap, Power Swap, Lucky Chant, Ancient Power Scizor - Quick Guard, Defog, Reversal, Counter Honchkrow - Psycho Shift, Flatter, Perish Song Lucario - Blaze Kick Dragonite - Extreme Speed Aerodactyl - Curse -- Abilities Unobtainable Before Bank -- Porygon line - Analytic Aerodactyl - Unnerve Carracosta - Swift Swim Bastiodon - Soundproof Rampardos - Sheer Force -- UnSketchable Before Bank -- Acupressure Aeroblast Assist Attack Order Blaze Kick Blue Flare Bolt Strike Dark Void Defend Order Diamond Storm Doom Desire Electrify Fiery Dance Flying Press Fusion Bolt Fusion Flare Geomancy Glaciate Head Charge Heal Order Hold Hands Hyperspace Hole Hyperspace Fury Light of Ruin Lunar Dance Luster Purge Magma Storm Mist Ball Needle Arm Oblivion Wing Octazooka Origin Pulse Parabolic Charge Powder Precipice Blades Psycho Boost Psycho Shift Psystrike Relic Song Roar of Time Rolling Kick Sacred Fire Searing Shot Secret Power Secret Sword Seed Flare Shadow Force Simple Beam Spacial Rend Steam Eruption Tail Slap Techno Blast Topsy-Turvy Trick-or-Treat V-create -- Island Scan Pokémon Unobtainable Egg Moves -- Victreebel - Belch, Power Whip, Clear Smog Feraligatr - Fake Tears, Flatter Azumarill - Camouflage, Copycat Kingdra - Razor Wind, Octazooka Roserade - Mind Reader Staraptor - Revenge, Detect Togekiss - Psycho Shift, Morning Sun, Secret Power, Extrasensory Reuniclus - Trick, Secret Power, Helping Hand Chandelure - Heat Wave, Haze, Endure, Captivate, Power Split Scolipede - Take Down Conkeldurr - Mach Punch Gothitelle - Mirror Coat, Captivate Leavanny - Mind Reader, Camouflage Hydreigon - Astonish, Earth Power
RAW Paste Data
Decidueye - Ominous Wind, Curse Toucannon - Boomburst, Uproar Ledian - Encore, Knock Off, Focus Punch, Drain Punch, Dizzy Punch Ariados - Disable, Signal Beam, Electroweb Vikavolt - Electroweb Sudowoodo - Sand Tomb, Curse, Endure Chansey\Blissey - Mud Bomb, Counter, Seismic Toss Snorlax - Self-Destruct, After You, Whirlwind, Charm, Belch Slowbro\Slowking - Belch Pelipper - Knock Off Alakazam - Barrier, Power Trick, Guard Swap, Skill Swap, Ice Punch, Psycho Shift Persian - Assist Muk - Scary Face, Pursuit (Alola), Assurance (Alola) Hypno - Barrier, Assist, Guard Swap, Secret Power, Skill Swap, Ice Punch Hariyama - Helping Hand Crabominable - Superpower Gengar - Haze, Scary Face, Reflect Type, Thunder Punch, Ice Punch, Fire Punch Drifblim - Tailwind, Defog, Haze Mismagius - Me First, Nasty Plot Crobat - Venom Drench, Giga Drain, Zen Headbutt, Hypnosis, Curse Fearow - Tri Attack Mandibuzz - Knock Off, Fake Tears Ribombee - Skill Swap Lilligant - Healing Wish, Bide Whimsicott - Memento, Beat Up, Switcheroo Golduck - Secret Power, Simple Beam Machamp - Rolling Kick, Ice Punch, Power Trick Gigalith - Magnitude, Curse Sableye - Moonlight, Captivate, Metal Burst, Imprison Spinda - Assist, Psycho Shift Tentacruel - Rapid Spin, Haze, Knock Off, Acupressure, Muddy Water, Tickle Lumineon - Aurora Beam, Psybeam Luvdisc - Entrainment Corsola - Ingrain, Camoflage Cloyster - Twineedle, Mud Shot, Rapid Spin, Take Down Salamence - Defense Curl Wigglytuff - Captivate, Punishment, Misty Terrain, Heal Pulse, Covet Masquerain - Power Split Araquanid - Power Split Lurantis - Defog Shiinotic - Amnesia Parasect - Rototiller Poliwrath\Politoed - Endeavor Seaking - Haze, Psybeam Talonflame - Snatch Salazzle - Belch, Knock Off, Snatch, Fake Out Marowak - Double Kick, Detect Kangaskhan - Focus Punch, Uproar, Circle Throw Magmortar - Belch, Power Swap, Iron Tail, Flare Blitz, Mach Punch, Barrier, Mega Punch Tsareena - Feint, Acupressure Comfey - After You, Lucky Chant. Amnesia Pinsir - Me First Goodra - Acid Armor, Curse, Poison Tail, Counter Castform - Reflect Type, Guard Swap Palossand - Ancient Power Rampardos - Whirlwind, Slam Bastiodon - Wide Guard, Stealth Rock Archeops - Knock Off, Switcheroo, Ally Switch Carracosta - Knock Off, Guard Swap Lanturn - Psybeam, Shock Wave Garbodor - Haze, Curse Skarmory - Endure, Stealth Rock, Guard Swap, Curse Clefairy\Clefable - Heal Pulse, Misty Terrain, Covet, Splash Turtonator - Wide Guard, Revenge, Fire Spin Electivire - Ice Punch, Rolling Kick, Barrier Geodude - Endure, Screech, Rock Climb, Focus Punch, Curse Klefki - Switcheroo Drampa - Play Rough, Razor Wind Glalie\Froslass - Switcheroo Weavile - Assist Ninetales - Tail Slap, Secret Power Vanilluxe - Water Pulse, Natural Gift Gastrodon - Sludge Lapras - Avalanche Exeggutor - Block, Skill Swap, Power Swap, Lucky Chant, Ancient Power Scizor - Quick Guard, Defog, Reversal, Counter Honchkrow - Psycho Shift, Flatter, Perish Song Lucario - Blaze Kick Dragonite - Extreme Speed Aerodactyl - Curse -- Abilities Unobtainable Before Bank -- Porygon line - Analytic Aerodactyl - Unnerve Carracosta - Swift Swim Bastiodon - Soundproof Rampardos - Sheer Force -- UnSketchable Before Bank -- Acupressure Aeroblast Assist Attack Order Blaze Kick Blue Flare Bolt Strike Dark Void Defend Order Diamond Storm Doom Desire Electrify Fiery Dance Flying Press Fusion Bolt Fusion Flare Geomancy Glaciate Head Charge Heal Order Hold Hands Hyperspace Hole Hyperspace Fury Light of Ruin Lunar Dance Luster Purge Magma Storm Mist Ball Needle Arm Oblivion Wing Octazooka Origin Pulse Parabolic Charge Powder Precipice Blades Psycho Boost Psycho Shift Psystrike Relic Song Roar of Time Rolling Kick Sacred Fire Searing Shot Secret Power Secret Sword Seed Flare Shadow Force Simple Beam Spacial Rend Steam Eruption Tail Slap Techno Blast Topsy-Turvy Trick-or-Treat V-create -- Island Scan Pokémon Unobtainable Egg Moves -- Victreebel - Belch, Power Whip, Clear Smog Feraligatr - Fake Tears, Flatter Azumarill - Camouflage, Copycat Kingdra - Razor Wind, Octazooka Roserade - Mind Reader Staraptor - Revenge, Detect Togekiss - Psycho Shift, Morning Sun, Secret Power, Extrasensory Reuniclus - Trick, Secret Power, Helping Hand Chandelure - Heat Wave, Haze, Endure, Captivate, Power Split Scolipede - Take Down Conkeldurr - Mach Punch Gothitelle - Mirror Coat, Captivate Leavanny - Mind Reader, Camouflage Hydreigon - Astonish, Earth Power
Jacki Bradley Jr. has rediscovered the swing that made him a No. 1 draft pick, rekindling the championship aspirations of Red Sox Nation.
Selected by the Boston Red Sox as the 40th overall selection in the first round of the 2011 draft, Jackie Bradley progressed through the minor league system at a meteoric pace, reaching the Majors in just two short years.
Unfortunately, upon his arrival on baseball's biggest stage in 2013, Bradley endured severe struggles as a hitter. In Bradley's first year with the Red Sox, he proved to be severely overmatched by major league pitching, as his prolonged swing resulted in the inability to both, catch up to a major league fastball, or generate any power upon contact.
As a result of his prodigious struggles, JBJ was demoted to the Red Sox's AAA affiliate in Pawtucket, Rhode Island on multiple occasions.
Somewhere along the line, while languishing in Pawtucket in 2015, a funny thing happened; JBJ shortened his stroke, closed his stance, and these alterations in his mechanics enabled him to be much shorter to the ball and to drive the baseball to all fields with significantly greater authority.
JBJ's short career can be viewed as two antithetical periods whose statistical profiles could not be more dissonant. There exists the first period, prior to the mechanical adjustments to his swing, that began in April 2013 and ended in July 2015. In addition, there exists the second period, following the mechanical alterations to his swing, that began in August 2015 and is still going strong.
To best illustrate the gargantuan dissimilarities between the two periods that comprise Bradley's career, the provision of statistics from both of the aforementioned periods is in order. From April 2013 to July 2015, JBJ had 575 plate appearances at the major league level. In those plate appearances, he had a strikeout rate, sometimes referred to as “K%,” of 28.7%. In addition, he compiled a BA of .191, an OBP of .264, a SLG of .274, while accumulating 24 doubles, 2 triples, and 5 Home Runs. For those readers unfamiliar with the terms, “Strikeout Rate,” or “K%,” it is merely the number of times that the batter has struck out divided by the number of plate appearances by the batter.
After his mechanical adjustment, encapsulating the period beginning in August 2015 until the present, JBJ has had 386 major league plate appearances. In those plate appearances, his strikeout rate has been reduced to 23.4% and if one were to calculate Bradley's strikeout rate for only the 2016 baseball season; JBJ's strikeout rate has been further reduced to 19.5%. This significant reduction in strikeout rate is not the cause of Bradley's extraordinary production, but instead is “symptomatic” of it. In other words, strikeout rates usually decrease for one of two reasons: the batter is seeing the ball more clearly and has become more adept at recognizing the type of pitch, or the batter's sound mechanics do not necessitate starting one's swing earlier than desired. A reduction in batter strikeout rates is strongly correlated with increased offensive output.
Since Bradley retooled his mechanics in August 2015, he has compiled a BA of .309, an OBP of .385, a SLG of .591, while accruing a total of 28 doubles, 8 triples, and 17 Home Runs. JBJ's reduction in strikeout rate from 28.7% to 19.5% may not seem that significant; however, thinking about it in the following context may prove helpful. If JBJ gets 600 plate appearances at his old strikeout rate of 28.7%, as opposed to 19.5%, it is the equivalent of two entire games where every Red Sox out is the result of a Jackie Bradley strikeout!
Bradley has rediscovered the swing that made him a number one draft pick, and with said discovery has rekindled the championship aspirations of Red Sox Nation. He has amassed 44 hits in 106 at-bats during his 29-game hitting streak, a .415 BA. He has united the Fenway Faithful for the better part of a month as they root in unison during his every plate appearance. This unbridled enthusiasm generated by the remarkable exploits and unmitigated promise of Jackie Bradley Jr. is representative of everything that baseball at the Fens is supposed to be.
Research into 650 novels submitted to the Walter Scott prize finds the second world war is the favourite setting for historical novels, while the shifting Victorian and Georgian eras eclipse ‘just a smattering' of ancient settings
The 20th century is the most fertile ground for today's historical novelists, according to new research, seeing off stiff upper-lipped competition from the Victorian age.
The Walter Scott prize for historical fiction, which has been won by names from Hilary Mantel to Robert Harris – and this year, Sebastian Barry, for the second time – has analysed all 650 novels submitted during its eight years of operation. Splitting submissions into centuries, and then into eras, the prize found that 38% of its submissions were set in the 20th century, while 19% were set in the Victorian era, between 1837 and 1901.
Further differentiating the periods covered, the prize said that the second world war featured in 14% of submissions, followed by the Georgian era and the first world war, both at 9%. “Just a scattering” of novels were set in ancient or medieval times.
The prize, now open for 2018 entries, is for “writing of exceptional quality set in the past”. Drawing from Scott's novel Waverley: Tis Sixty Years Since, it defines “the past” as 60 years before publication.
Refining the data to those books shortlisted for the £25,000 award, the researchers found that almost a quarter (23%) were set during the first world war, while 14% were set during the second. Despite a reported skew towards men writing historical non-fiction, the gender split of entrants was fairly even overall: 47% of submissions from male novelists, and 53% from females. However, women's stake in historical fiction appears to have grown: men outnumbered women writers at the start in 2010; in 2017, 61% of entrants were women.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Dramatic change … an 1887 painting of Victorian London by William Logsdill. Photograph: Va Museum/AP
Alistair Moffat, chair of judges and one of the Walter Scott prize's founders, said that books such as Sarah Perry's The Essex Serpent shows how “the Victorian era continues to fascinate writers and provides a rich seam of inspiration for novels”.
But he added: “It is the turbulent backdrop of war and conflict which seems to provide the most powerful draw for the best of our fiction writers. The first world war has been strongly in focus during its centenary, and was the setting of a mighty 23% of our shortlisted books, whilst the second world war and its legacy continues to attract fiction writers of the highest calibre.”
Historical novelist and Walter Scott prize judge Katharine Grant agreed. “Writing about the two world wars still, today, seems to generate a kind of ongoing authorial urgency that can, in dextrous hands, translate into writing of the sharpest quality. Perhaps this sharpness often just edges ahead,” she said.
I think writers are drawn towards eras of dramatic change and contrast and the Victorian age provides both. Imogen Robertson, author
Imogen Robertson, chair of the Historical Writers' Association, described the war as “rich dramatic territory”. “Aside from the massive all-consuming drama of the war itself, it also put everything into flux. Individuals were confronted with complex moral questions while the world shifted and spasmed around them,” she said.
Two of the Walter Scott prize's eventual winners – The Long Song by Andrea Levy and An Officer and a Spy by Robert Harris – were set in the Victorian era; as well as one from the 14th century (The Ten A Thousand Things by John Spurling), one Tudor winner (Wolf Hall), one from the 1920s (On Canaan's Side by Sebastian Barry), one from the 1940s (Tightrope by Simon Mawer) and one from the 1950s (The Garden of Evening Mists by Tan Twan Eng). The 2017 winner, Barry's Days Without End, is set in 19th-century America.
Robertson said she was “not surprised” at the popularity of the Victorian era among writers. “I think writers are drawn towards eras of dramatic change and contrast, and the Victorian age provides both. The growth of factories and the railways altered the landscape and the society of Britain fundamentally at what must have seemed a dizzying speed. These huge technological and scientific advances challenged assumptions which were centuries old. That creates a fluidity, a confusion which is fertile ground for fiction,” she said.
Writers brought up on the 19th-century novels of authors such as Dickens and Eliot “are naturally going to be curious about the world they lived in, and what and who they left out of their fiction”, added Robertson. And “the parallels with modern society are obvious too – aside from the technological changes, the Victorians were daily confronted by the stark contrast between the rich and poor and the fierce arguments about who deserves help and who does not. The fact that those arguments were framed by the assumptions of the period gives us a way to examine, by contrast, the assumptions of our own time.”
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Mark Rylance as Thomas Cromwell in the BBC's adaptation of Hilary Mantel's Wolf Hall. Photograph: Giles Keyte/BBC/Company Productions Ltd
Jerome de Groot, senior lecturer in Renaissance studies at the University of Manchester, agreed. “The 19th century is familiar to us in as much as the cities and the money and the European countries are much the same – they were the same kind of people thinking the same kind of way,” he said. “But writers can also use it to comment on contemporary life … You can draw parallels without necessarily making it so obvious that you are making a political argument – and that's kind of what Scott himself was doing, too.”
Robertson herself sets her novels, including the Crowther and Westerman historical thriller series, in the 18th century “because it was the period where much of [the change of the Victorian era] began”, she said. “It was a time of civility and sudden violence, elegance and squalor, and many women of the period enjoyed an agency they lost, I think, in the 19th century. I had a rather Whiggish view of history in my 20s, and some aspects of the way society treated women in the 19th century reminded me that things can go backwards as well as forward, and that's certainly worth thinking about today.”
WASHINGTON — Sen. Dianne Feinstein on Wednesday joined Gov. Jerry Brown in expressing skepticism about legalizing marijuana in California for recreational purposes.
The state's senior senator said that one of her concerns is the potential for pot-impaired drivers to take to the road. Feinstein said she hopes California declines to join Colorado and Washington in approving the sale of marijuana for recreational use.
“The risk of people using marijuana and driving is very substantial,” she said.
As a possible example, the California Highway Patrol is investigating a fatal weekend collision in Santa Rosa as being related to marijuana use. A woman and her daughter-in-law were killed when a Toyota Camry in which they were riding was rear-ended by a pickup truck. A preliminary CHP investigation determined that the 30-year-old man driving the pickup was impaired by marijuana and reading a text message on his cellphone at the time of the collision.
California became the first state to legalize the use of marijuana for medicinal purposes in 1996, but voters rejected a ballot initiative seeking to legalize it for recreational purposes in 2010. The margin of defeat was relatively narrow, 54 percent to 46 percent, and public opinion appears to have softened since then.
A Public Policy Institute of California poll taken last September found a majority of Californians supporting full legalization for the first time, with 52 percent of all adults and 60 percent of likely voters in favor.
Feinstein said in the interview that she believes California has gone as far as is responsible in allowing marijuana to be sold for medical purposes. She said serving on the California Women's Board of Terms and Parole during the 1960s allowed her to see how marijuana, in her view, led to bigger problems for many female inmates.
She also said she did not understand how culture is improved through legalizing marijuana. Earlier this month, Brown said on NBC's “Meet the Press” that if marijuana use gains legitimacy through full legalization “how many people can get stoned and still have a great state or a great nation?”
Despite such criticism, the movement to expand full legalization beyond Colorado and Washington is continuing. A Gallup poll taken last year found that 58 percent of Americans say the drug should be legalized. Several legalization petitions are circulating this year in California, although none has yet qualified for a ballot.
Meanwhile, California Lt. Gov. Gavin Newsom supports legalization of marijuana and is leading a panel of medical and law enforcement officials who are studying how the state could tax and regulate marijuana sales effectively.
Culture.pl's Filip Lech discussed Poles and Jews, Bogusław Schaeffer and Tadeusz Kantor, and the modern art world with Professor Richard Demarco, director of the Richard Demarco Gallery, longtime promoter of Polish and Central European art.
Poland
In 1972, the Richard Demarco Gallery and the Edinburgh International Festival presented an unprecedented exhibition of Polish art. It featured Tadeusz Kantor, Bogusław Schaeffer, Magdalena Abakanowicz, Edward Krasiński, Natalia LL, Koji Kamoji, Henryk Stażewski, Teresa Pągowska, Igor Werpechowski, to mention just a few.
Richard Demarco: Why did I do this? Why did I choose Poland?
Filip Lech: It was my first question.
RD: Everybody has forgotten what Poles did. They helped win the war. I always believed that Poland and the Polish people represent the true culture of Europe. They are a classic example of the christo-judaic dynamic of cultural heritage. I'm thinking about a Poland which includes Vilnius, Lviv, and Belarus.
I've been on the every single Edinburgh Festival. I've been responsible for the official festival exhibitions for 43 years. Everybody was saying: you're crazy! Why are you showing the art and the culture of the enemy? You should show American art, French or Italian... But I answered: this is not the enemy, they are allies!
In 1942, when I was 12, I was an altar boy in my Roman Catholic parish church. I turned round to look at the congregation and it was packed. The church was full of people. I realized how curious it was that half of congregation was in civilian clothes: mothers, fathers, and children. But half the population was in uniform. Of the people who were wearing the uniform, there were three kinds of uniform. A third were British uniforms, a third Italian army uniforms, And the other third were Polish. So, they symbolized, for me, Europe at war.
FL: So war brought something positive into your life?
RD: You could say that. Polish soldiers were so beautiful, so impressive. The British, well, the British were just usual. Italians were prisoners of war with a big yellow circle on the back of their jackets. Anyway, a few years later the war ended. I was 15. Then the Cold War really began, and there was no victory for 120 million Europeans: they ended up in prison, in the Soviet communist world.
I had to wait for a miracle to happen, and it was performed by an Austrian Jew called Rudolf Bing. He decided with a few friends that what the needed was the language of art: the highest level of music, theater, and performing arts. It was a language of healing. He suggested that there should be an international festival. He chose Britain, because the British used English, therefore a lingua franca. Oxford or Cambridge were too small, so he chose Edinburgh, in 1947.
When I was in my late 20s, I thought it wasn't a good idea to live in a city which was an international capital of culture for three weeks, but for the remaining 49 was just a typical Scottish city. I decided to create a coffee culture, like the culture of Paris, Berlin. I opened a theatre and gallery where art lovers could meet. It was called Traverse Theatre and Gallery, after that it became the Demarco Gallery. It wasn't just for visual arts, it was for all the arts, it represented the spirit of the Edinburgh International Festival.
The first exhibition which you presented was dedicated to German art.
The enemy. I thought that we must forgive, that it must be about a reconciliation, about prayer. In 1965, bishops from Poland sent a letter to their German counterparts, writing: we forgive and ask for forgiveness. I thought that not only should I show German art, I must show the art of countries which have suffered during the war. The next exhibition was Romanian, in 1972 it was Poland, then I showed Yugoslav art, Austrian art, and French art. All represented countries had been changed by the war, because my true belief is that the only way to recover from the agony of the war is to take culture seriously. It was a strategy which I used, year after year, staging the festival not for entertainment, not for some stupid art programme but to show that the language art is the one language we need when we need the truth, when we want to know who we are, after having suffered so much. I believe that we still haven't recovered from the war, and that the Cold War is still happening.
Polin
I met with a Professor Demarco in Polin, Museum of the History of Polish Jews.
RD: I came to Poland in 1968, during the worst year of the anti-Semitic Polish nonsense. Now, I lived long enough to see the opening of the greatest museum in the world. Not in Poland, in the world. Not telling the sad story of the Holocaust, no! It's a beautiful building made of beautiful materials, wood and stone. It's telling the future of the Poles, the future of the Jews - together.
This building represents a new space, beyond the art world. A place for children, students and academics to visit. I'm speaking as a former professor of the Kingston University in London, and I was responsible for European Cultural Studies. I wish this place had existed 25 years ago because I would have conducted of all my classes here. It tells you loud and clear the story of Europe: an extraordinary statement! It gives me a hope for the future of human race. It's the opposite of Disneyland and Hollywood.
Modern Art
I want to ask you about the language of art. Is it very different to experience art from Central and Eastern Europe?
Yes. I have a problem with Western art. I think it has become part of the world of entertainment, showbiz, sensations. It's part of Hollywood. When I think about the modern art world, I think about people being confused. Art is not seen as an important form of medicine. If you are ill, mentally or physically, art can cure you, give you a reason to live. I believe that the best artists I've dealt with were Polish and German. This must mean something, surely.
You were interested in European art for a such a long time that you've witnessed the transformation from communism to democracy and the free market.
Now it's being misused. Tadeusz Kantor and Joseph Beuyes both told me that I would probably live to experience a false avant-garde, the misuse of artistic language. It becomes an industry, I see this happening also in Poland. I'm very serious about it, because when you misuse it you're committing a crime which damages people. I regard the modern art world as something to which I don't belong. All artistic expression of an important nature is an expression of love. It shows the capacity of human beings to love, the mystery of life. When we use it simply to entertain we misuse it. The highest level of art is the essence of prayer. The music of Mozart and Beethoven; the poetry of Shakespeare and Mickiewicz. You must never forget what the great English poet called John Keats wrote about art and culture:
''Beauty is truth, truth beauty,—that is all Ye know on earth, and all ye need to know".
It is more important that we listen to this than to the words of politicians or bankers.
While criss-crossing all of artistic Europe did you notice some trends, motives unique to Central and Eastern Europe?
Unfortunately, the power of American materialistic consumerism has begun to affect it. Sometimes I prefer the Europe of the Berlin Wall and the Iron Curtain. European art then was very powerful, now it's contaminated with the power of the marketplace. I'm sorry to say this, but I cannot avoid it. We do live in a materialistic age, we live in a world where the European Union is defined by the euro. If you want to bind the countries of Europe together you should consider how they were bound together by the concept of Christendom.
Bogusław Schaeffer
One of the artists in this exhibition which I presented was the young composer, Bogusław Schaeffer. Since 1972, for half a century, I believed in Schaeffer and I'm not giving up. Maybe people don't realize that he's a genius, but he's in the same league as many of those artists, including Kantor. Next year will be a hundredth anniversary of Kantor, and we'll honor him at the Edinburgh Festival, but I also have to put something on to honor Schaeffer. We must honor him while he's still alive! And I just realized that the best place to show Schaeffer is this museum. He represents the process of healing through the arts.
Schaeffer was born in Ukraine, in Lviv.
Yes! He is a personification of the Europe that needs to be healed, a perfect example. If you separate the Jews from the Poles you don't have a Polish culture. You have to have the mixture. I'm very pleased to be here, and I want you to know that I think this building is a masterpiece. What the building contains is of the greatest importance, everybody who enters this building will have the chance to rethink the meaning of Poland.
How did you meet Bogusław Schaeffer?
I met him through Ryszard Stanisławski, director of the Muzeum Sztuki in Łódź. He was a brilliant director. I regard him as a genius, they cannot be boxed as playwrights, composers, people of theater, people of visual arts. They are everything! Typical for a Polish creative soul. I've come to Poland many times, I crossed the Iron Curtain over 50 times. To provide proof that I was serious about Poland. Do the Polish people believe that they're the most important people in Europe? If they don't, they don't understand what it means to be Polish. Their advantage is that their culture is Polish-Jewish culture. Britain is unfortunate because they don't have enough Jews. We need more Jews! But at the moment we're very fortunate to have many Poles.
If you had to describe Schaeffer's art to someone who doesn't know him, how you describe it?
He is an artistic polymath, a master of visual and performing arts, a deep thinker and questioner of the artistic world, a European John Cage. I would recommend looking at his visual art works, his scores. There you see a great refinement and serious thought process. You will also see his sense of humor, his sense of ridicule. Truth is sometimes very close to impossible situations, and he invites everyone to come with him to see how far you can go to redefine the world of sounds. He is also a true avant-gardist and explorer and you can see it in his drawings. He subscribes to my definition of what is real art. He is not easy, he is even a difficult artist, because he is very serious. His language is international, he is a product of the war years and the post-war years. His life is mixed up with his art.
In some points he is similar to James Joyce, who had to leave Ireland to have his work appreciated and so many artists who have to go somewhere else to be regarded as leaders of the definition of what we call XX and XXI century modernity. His music is truly modern, European and timeless at the same time. He is an avant-gardist by excellence, a person who lives on the edge of time.
Tadeusz Kantor
In your opinion, what is Kantor's legacy?
I regard it is a mistake to consider Kantor simply in terms of theater. I always remember the day when he received the Rembrandt Prize for painting. I know of no man of theatre who has ever been the recipient of the Rembrandt Prize. He is essentially a visual artist, a superb sculptor and painter. I think it is very sad when people referred to his stage sets and his costumes as theater props, that's a profound misunderstanding. Everything he made was an artwork, manifestations of his genius as a visual artist. Out of this genius you can see the influence of Stanisław Witkiewicz, who was also a painter and photographer and a visual artist, and also questioned the nature of theatre with his performances. You can also see in him other great Polish minds at work, for example the influence of Witold Gombrowicz, Stanisław Wyspiański and Bruno Schulz.
All of them were also philosophers.
And very much influenced by the Jewish mentality, they also suffered from the war. It fascinates me - do you have to be a Pole to be a genius?
I don't think so, but…
But it helps! (laugh) British artists could not produce a Kantor painting or drawing, no British playwright could have written anything like ''Dead Class'' by Kantor. You had to have a certain kind of European consciousness, you have to suffer. You have to have understood the madness of the world, the lack of stability, the tragedy of war and the capacity of the human presence to wreak havoc, you have to witness the murder of millions of human beings.
The interview was conducted during the Era Schaeffera Festival in Warsaw, 19.11.2014.
DESCRIPTION
Release Date: 26 October, 2018
The war against the machine horde was long and arduous, and left scars on the peoples of the five nations. But even when their opponent is as powerful as Deus Ex Machina, the Dragolords of Vashr never gave up on their internecine strife, choosing to fight enemies both new and old. However, the power that came with that dedication to strife did not go unnoticed, and far off in the distance from Vashr, five angels began to stir. The time for the reckoning of Vashr has come.
Colors included in [Surge of Titans]:
The fifth Dragoborne booster [Reckoning of Vashr] features cards from all of the five colors, allowing players to build all sorts of decks featuring dragons, angels, elves, demons, goblins, and more. Each [Reckoning of Vashr] display contains 20 packs of 8 cards, of which 1 or possibly more cards will be of R rarity or above!
Introducing all-new multicolored cards!
The Dragolords of Vashr have honed their prowess to unbelievable heights through countless wars, and deepened the divides between the five nations.
But there are those who by virtue of their upbringing or experiences, have spanned beyond the temporary alliances of war. Could they be the answer to this new crisis?
Multicolored cards can be identified by the colors in the card frame, cost, ATK and EDR boxes, and the nation symbol.
Multicolored cards can provide additional flexibility in deck-building, as a multicolor card in the resource zone can count as any of its colors when rested as the cost to play a card!
e.g Grakk can be rested to pay for Red or Black cards.
In order to play a multicolor card, you will need to rest at least 1 card for each of the card's colors.
e.g. You will need to rest at least 1 Red card and 1 Black card to play Grakk.
This also means that they tend to have powerful abilities to go with the increase in difficulty to play them!
[Reckoning of Vashr] contains:
- 1 pack contains 8 random cards
- 1 display contains 20 packs
- 80 types of normal cards (RR: 10 / R: 20 / U: 20 / C: 30) + 5 secret cards
- Parallel holo versions of all normal cards will also be randomly inserted!!
- At least 1 card in every pack will definitely be an R or above card!!
- 5 banner cards and 5 dice will be included in each display!! [Limited to first edition]
Battlegrounds
Sometimes all you need is a bunch of jerks to inspire you.
Steve Steffler ended up launching Sometimes Music — a record label dedicated to promoting Edmonton and western Canadian acts — thanks to Jerk In The Can, a noisy synth-punk outfit from Vancouver.
“Running my own label was at the back of my mind since I first met those guys, which was 2014,” says Steffler, who used to book gigs at Bohemia, an art bar on 97th Street.
“Then, they approached me to book a record release party and I said: ‘Who's putting out your record?” They said: ‘Oh, we're only putting it out on a USB stick.” And I said: ‘NOOOOOO. I want it on vinyl.' That happened last fall. It's been a whirlwind ever since.”
This is how Jerk In The Can's Big Crime Baby became the first LP issued by Sometimes Music. (The recording is also available on cassette and CD.) Since January, the label has also released two full-length rock albums (Counterfeit Jeans' self-titled effort, Red Hot Gospel's RHG), three EPs and a limited-edition seven-inch record, featuring moody songs by two local acts, Hewson Grey and Tophie Davies Band.
Next up: Disgusting People With Disgusting Motives, a psych-grunge album by Dead Fibres, due July 15. (The trio perform on the same night at The Almanac, 10351 Whyte Avenue. Showtime: 9 p.m.) In the pipeline: A full-length album by Borrachera, and several seven-inch splits, including Counterfeit Jeans/Red Hot Gospel.
Steffler says selecting his label's roster is fairly simple.
“It's just a matter of knowing musicians from shows I've either been to or organized,” he says. “I'm mining my contacts heavily for when I worked as the booker at Bohemia. I'm definitely getting in touch with people that I've worked with before that left an impression. It's also based on timing — Counterfeit Jeans, for example, was ready to record and I was looking for another project to do.”
Sometimes Music is one of three new Edmonton labels making a splash over the past 12 months. There's Sweety Pie Records, founded last year, which serves up musical goodies from the likes of Marlaena Moore, Wares, Gender Poutine and The Archaics. In May, former Rude Haus resident/booker Jesse Rhodes launched Drama Hands, then proceeded to release a flurry of digital albums, including Hood Joplin's nocturnal #75FFA1 and Boogie Howser's reflective Tidal Haze.
Starting a label in 2016 might seem like a crazy decision since CD and digital sales are still slipping, according to Nielsen's mid-year Music Canada report. CD sales are down by 1 million in the first six months of 2016 compared to the same period last year, while digital sales are down 1.4 million.
On the flip side, however, streams are on the rise with 18.6 billion songs streamed off audio and video platforms in the first six months of 2016 — up from 10.5 billion last year. Vinyl sales, too, are climbing — up 80,000 units to 287,000.
Steffler, who also co-owns a custom T-shirt business, says Sometimes Music is a labour of love. “It's definitely not an economic decision,” he laughs. “I don't think any of my friends thought it was crazy because no one would expect that I would expect to make money off running a record label. They'd say: ‘You're starting a record label because you're addicted to vinyl.'”
He credits Canada Boy Vinyl, a record pressing plant in Calgary, for making it possible to even launch his own label. “Canada Boy is doing a lot regionally to promote vinyl just by existing,” says Steffler. “I certainly wouldn't ever have dreamed of doing this if there wasn't a Canadian pressing plant. The extra hassle and cost involved by using one in the U. S? We'd never have as many albums out as we do now.”
At the moment, Canada Boy Vinyl is the only plant in the country. A second, Precision Record, is set to open in August in Burlington, Ont.
ssperounes@postmedia.com
twitter.com/Sperounes
Many games on the Internet let you either earn special items or buy them with cash. Look over all the benefits that are being offered before you make a purchase. They might not provide you immediate gratification or even that much fun playing with Buy Madden Mobile Coins . But they may also save time.Before letting your youngster play a video game, it is best that you know exactly how this game is rated. Violent Madden Mobile usually have an 18+ rating. It is best to not allow children to play these games. Violent Madden Mobile can give children nightmares and affect their behavior.Consider taking a trip to someplace out of town that has a video arcade. Many people go to these arcades to play games with other people. But it can be fun to get out of the house and join in the communal activities that an arcade offers. You can socialize and take friends with you. You can meet new people with similar interests.Expand your gaming horizons. It is easy to get stuck playing one variety of game. Playing many different kinds of games makes your gaming time more fun.Online auction sites like Ebay are a great source for new games. If you feel that you spend way too much money buying Madden Mobile, use auction sites to get them for cheaper. Research it a little online in order to get a good deal. Continue to bid until you get what you want.Any sort of device, any style of Madden 18 Coins game, all will be made better through what you've read above. Our tips are designed to help you utilize your gaming time as efficiently as possible.
0 SHARES Facebook Twitter Google Whatsapp Pinterest Print Mail Flipboard
Donald Trump may be enjoying his 17-day vacation to Bedminster, New Jersey, but the American people are clearly not enjoying his presidency.
According to a new IBD/TIPP Poll released on Monday, the president's support is in an utter free fall with just 32 percent of Americans offering their approval of Trump's job so far – the worst rating he's received in any poll since taking office.
What's behind his collapse in approval? His own supporters – including white men, Midwesterners, Republicans, and high school educated – all who are fleeing from team Trump in droves.
According to the survey, the president's low support among Democrats and independents remained steady.
More from the poll:
Trump lost significant support across the board, but saw big declines among areas of core support, including Republicans, Midwesterners, middle-income families, white men and the high-school educated. The results come in the wake of the Senate's failure to repeal ObamaCare, upheavals in the White House staff, the ongoing investigation into Russian meddling in the election, and the daily beatings administered by the mainstream press. Among Republicans, for example, Trump's approval rating fell from 83% in July to 71% in August. Trump's already low approval ratings remained relatively unchanged among Democrats (4%) and independents (30%). In terms of income, Trump lost the most support from those with household incomes between $30,000 and $50,000. Among this group, Trump's approval rating dropped from 40% in July to 27% in August. Trump's support among white men — the one demographic group who approved of Trump — dropped from 51% in July to 44% in August.
According to RealClearPolitics, the president's average approval rating now stands at 37.8 percent, and there are no signs that it will stop declining anytime soon.
The stunning collapse in Trump's support among his own voters comes on the same day the president took a break from his vacation to fire off 13 tweets throughout the day on Monday.
In one post, Trump bragged about his support, saying that his base “is far bigger and stronger than ever before.”
The Trump base is far bigger & stronger than ever before (despite some phony Fake News polling). Look at rallies in Penn, Iowa, Ohio……. — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) August 7, 2017
But like most of Trump's claims – especially those made from the comfort of his Twitter page – this one is completely false; his support is neither big nor is it strong.
With the special counsel investigation escalating and Trump's own incompetence embarrassing and endangering the country on a daily basis, it's no longer just Democrats and independents who feel the president is completely unfit – it's many of the same people who cast a ballot for the grade-schooler-in-chief last fall.
Trump will likely continue attacking the media or Democrats in Congress who seek to hold him accountable, but it's his own supporters who are now abandoning him.
If you're ready to read more from the unbossed and unbought Politicus team, sign up for our newsletter here! Email address: Leave this field empty if you're human:
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
DENVER -- Three Denver sheriff's deputies have been suspended 10 days each for separate incidents. The discipline orders come one week before a task force is expected to adopt a new use of force policy for the Denver Sheriff's Department.
Deputy David Steckman received his suspension after jail video showed him using pepper spray on an inmate whose hands were already cuffed behind his back. In addition, the pepper spray mist also hit a fellow deputy who was assisting Steckman.
“Well, it's definitely disturbing. I don't see any cause for pepper spraying someone whose hands are behind their back ,” said Lisa Calderon, co-chair of the Colorado Latino Forum.
Calderon is a member of the Sheriff's Task Force thst is working on a new use of force policy for the sheriff's department.
“The work of the task force is long overdue and it's in response to tragedy, tragedy in Denver jails,” Calderon said.
A second deputy, Sonya Leyba, was suspended for 10 days after investigators said she left an inmate stranded on a courthouse elevator. The inmate had just left a courthouse appearance and was placed on a special elevator to go back to his holding cell.
But Leyba, who was in charge of the elevators from a remote control center, never had the elevator move to another floor.
The incident happened near the end of Leyba's shift. According to her discipline report, she allowed conversations on her cellphone to distract her and she went home unaware she left an inmate stranded on an elevator.
It would take other deputies 36 minutes to realize the mistake and retrieve the inmate from the elevator.
"I can't imagine what this man must have gone through to sit there for a long period of time. No way to get out, handcuffed behind his back. That's definitely unacceptable,” Calderon said.
The Department of Public Safety refused to release video of the third incident because it shows a naked inmate, acting drunk and suicidal who threw her pants at Deputy Anna Romero.
At one point, Romero's discipline report suggests Romero became frustrated and yanked the inmate by her hair, whipping her head to one side.
All three incidents took place more than a year ago, before new Denver Sheriff Patrick Firman began training recruits and staff on new procedures.
“The new policy will emphasize de-escalation as an alternative to use of force and clarifies when force may be used," Department of Public Safety Spokeswoman Daelene Mix said.
The new policy is expected to be adopted by the sheriff's task force when Firman returns to Denver from a conference next week.
All three deputies are expected to serve their suspensions in the next month, even though all three have filed appeals.
"When you look at how many people have got themselves into strife over the past few weeks, it's pretty disappointing." Queensland's unprecedented summer wet season has now claimed 11 lives. Inspector Miller said while the boys probably could not be charged, they showed a lack of common sense that could put themselves and others in danger. "If they have to be rescued, they put the people rescuing them at risk as well when they're pulling these people out of these swollen creeks," he said. "It's really a danger to themselves and anyone who might have to help to assist them."
brisbanetimes.com.au also witnessed drivers ignore warnings at Marshall Road, Rocklea, when they drove across the flooded road despite it being closed. Inspector Miller said there had been too much of that behaviour during the recent wet spell. "I was disappointed to hear on the radio this morning a lady ring up and say she knew it wouldn't be too deep and was able to drive through it - well, how do you know it's not going to be too deep?" he said. "You don't know what might be in the water, either. What dangers lie below the surface, like logs and debris. "It is very disappointing and frustrating for all emergency services that people choose to ignore the warnings and the consequences of it could be quite dire."
RACQ technical researcher Russell Manning said driving into water could also cause some major mechanical problems. "The immediate risk of any car is that the water gets into the brakes and, when you get out of the water, you may not have much in terms of brakes until they've been dried out a bit," he said. Mr Manning said there was also a risk that transmissions could suck in water, which would be "pretty much terminal" for automatic vehicles. "Depending on the design of the car and the height of the water, you could potentially have the engine sucking in the water, which can cause a huge amount of damage," he said. Loading
Mr Manning said it was impossible to judge the depth of water, or see the hazards that may be hidden under the surface. "You might not see the missing bridge under the water, so it should always be avoided," he said.
Buildings are seen near the ocean as reports indicate that Miami-Dade County in the future could be one of the most susceptible places when it comes to rising water levels due to global warming on March 14, 2012 in North Miami, Fla. (Photo by Joe Raedle/Getty Images)
It seems like just about every week, there's more news on the rapid melting of glaciers in Greenland, Antarctica and elsewhere — and scientists' growing concern about their potentially dramatic contributions to global sea level rise. But there's another major element affecting global sea levels, and research suggests that it could be a factor for centuries to come.
The process is called “thermal expansion,” and the science behind it is relatively simple: When greenhouse gases go into the atmosphere, they cause air temperatures to rise. Some of the heat ends up being absorbed into the oceans, causing the water to expand in volume.
“If you've ever made a cup of tea on the stove you know that hot water expands,” said Susan Solomon, a professor of environmental studies at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology. “It's simply basic physics, and it's something that the planet can't get away from.”
Thermal expansion is a well-documented phenomenon that climate scientists generally take into account when making modeled projections about future sea level rise. But an issue that may have received less attention is just how long this process lasts. Even if humans stopped emitting greenhouse gases into the atmosphere tomorrow, the expansion effect would continue in the oceans for centuries more, making it effectively irreversible in our lifetimes.
A new study in the journal Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences, written by Solomon and colleagues Kirsten Zickfeld of Simon Fraser University and Daniel Gilford of MIT, underscores the fact that even greenhouse gases that don't last long in the atmosphere — methane, for instance — can have centuries-long impacts on the expanding oceans. So although the atmospheric warming they cause may taper off comparatively quickly after their emissions are halted, their effects in the oceans are much longer-lived.
“The ocean never forgets — that's the essential message of this paper,” Solomon said.
The researchers used a climate model to examine the effect of various greenhouse gases on thermal expansion in the oceans. They started with a “business-as-usual” scenario, which assumes high emissions into the future. They applied this scenario to emissions of carbon dioxide, methane, nitrous oxide and various halocarbons, a group of chemicals including the chlorofluorocarbons and hydrofluorocarbons.
In their simulation, they allowed the emissions to continue until the year 2050 and then abruptly cut them all off so their atmospheric levels would begin to decline. Compared with carbon dioxide, the other gases have relatively short atmospheric life spans — methane, for instance, stays in the atmosphere for only about a decade, compared to carbon dioxide's potential 200 years or more.
Even so, their effects persist in the ocean for hundreds of years. One hundred years after the emissions stop, the model suggests that 75 percent of the peak amount of thermal expansion caused by methane still persists — and 40 percent remains even after 500 years. Allowing the greenhouse gas emissions to continue unabated for longer periods of time produced even more severe effects.
The reason these effects last so long has to do with a fundamental aspect of the way the ocean moves. Major ocean currents all over the world rely on a process known as “overturning circulation.” Warm water flows from the equator to the poles, where it cools down, sinks to the bottom of the ocean, and joins a stream of cooler water flowing back toward the equator. This process carries heat all over the world.
When heat goes into the ocean from the atmosphere, it tends to get caught up in this overturning circulation, which carries it all over the planet, Solomon explained. It can take a time scale of hundreds of years before the heat is released from the water back into the air.
The study underlines the importance of curbing greenhouse gas emissions as quickly as possible to avoid an even longer sentence, the authors note. In fact, they included a separate modeling experiment in their study that demonstrates the significance of early climate action.
In the late 1980s, nations around the world agreed on an international treaty called the Montreal Protocol, which aimed to protect the earth's ozone layer by phasing out certain damaging chemicals — notably, chlorofluorocarbons and hydrochlorofluorocarbons. (The treaty was recently updated to include the phasing out of hydrofluorocarbons as well.) The researchers decided to investigate what would have happened to the oceans if this treaty had never been adopted. So they ran two simulations in which ozone-depleting emissions were allowed to continue at high levels until the year 2015 and the year 2050, respectively — then they cut the emissions off.
The model indicated that, if not for the treaty, we would have seen about 3.7 centimeters, or 1.4 inches, of extra sea-level rise by the year 2100 — and nearly 14 centimeters, or more than 5 inches, in the 2050 scenario. This experiment shows what the world avoided, Solomon said.
Recent discussions about climate mitigation strategies have begun to include the possibility of carbon dioxide removal — a form of geoengineering that would use technology to pull carbon back out of the atmosphere. This technique can be viewed as a kind of Hail Mary strategy to prevent more global warming from occurring after the greenhouse gases have been emitted — but the authors of the new study caution that it won't stop all the effects of climate change.
“A scenario that reduces atmospheric temperature cannot be assumed to simultaneously eliminate future sea-level rise, due to the time scales associated with release of stored energy in the ocean,” they note in the paper.
However, the technology isn't developed enough for wide-scale use. For now, the researchers suggest that the best strategy is to follow through with commitments to halt greenhouse gas emissions as soon as possible, keeping in mind that their influence on the planet will far outlast our lifetimes.
“It's really quite an achievement that the world has to celebrate that we did agree on the Montreal Protocol,” Solomon said. “And the challenge now is for us to think about other gases.”
Looks like @imackler found the secret link on the Massdrop site ... moving this from the staging area since the cat's out of the bag. Seriously, WTH do you guys do? Run a cron job to look for this stuff?
Massdrop Fostex TH-X00 Purpleheart Measurements and Quick Impressions
Looks like Will @ Massdrop is at it again. Not content to sit on their laurels, Massdrop has found a new way for us to part with our money. Must resist! Must resist, I say. BUT FFFF THESE SURE ARE PURTY. Must have! Must have! Damn you Will! I knew I should have negotiated a kick-back for this. See the photos below. I did what I could to best represent how the purpleheart looked under different lighting conditions. Chocolate brown, purple, sweet. Note that this is a preview and not a production manufacturing unit.
Photo retouching courtesy of @zerodeefex
Under indoor lighting (halogen / incandescent)
Under more natural lighting (mixed indoor / outdoor)
There are no changes to the X00 other than to the wood cups. The purpleheart wood actually does introduce its own sonic properties. (It's rather coincidental that I happen to be considering the purchase of a phono cartridge with a purpleheart body.) Purpleheart is a rather dense and tough wood known for gumming up and dulling blades and machinery. Cut it against the grain, and we will end up tearing chunks from it.
It does sound a bit different from the mahogany cups from the earlier runs. Hard to describe, but there was more of an obvious resonance play with the mahogany. The purpleheart seems tighter, yet at the same time smoother. Gone is the slight bit of treble sharpness the prior variant exhibited. However the tiny spotlit emphasis in the tape-hiss region is still present.
I can't be sure whether the changes are the result of the cups or normal variation in the drivers; however CSD plots do indicate an absence of any ringing in the lower treble region.
There are no changes to the X00 other than to the wood cups. The purpleheart wood actually does introduce its own sonic properties. (It's rather coincidental that I happen to be considering the purchase of a phono cartridge with a purpleheart body.) Purpleheart is a rather dense and tough wood known for gumming up and dulling blades and machinery. Cut it against the grain, and we will end up tearing chunks from it.It does sound a bit different from the mahogany cups from the earlier runs. Hard to describe, but there was more of an obvious resonance play with the mahogany. The purpleheart seems tighter, yet at the same time smoother. Gone is the slight bit of treble sharpness the prior variant exhibited. However the tiny spotlit emphasis in the tape-hiss region is still present.I can't be sure whether the changes are the result of the cups or normal variation in the drivers; however CSD plots do indicate an absence of any ringing in the lower treble region. @Will thinks it's a combination of long burn-in (these drivers have been around a long time, just the cups were replaced) and the wood. Anyway, what do I know? I'm just a false authority. But see measurements below.
Fostex TH-X00 Purpleheart Measurements
The frequency measurement is indicative of a less than perfect seal (assuming some leakage at the nape of the neck). The X00 can measure like bass monsters with a super tight seal, but that is not what I did there.
Click here for a comparison to the prior mahogany variant: The frequency measurement is indicative of a less than perfect seal (assuming some leakage at the nape of the neck). The X00 can measure like bass monsters with a super tight seal, but that is not what I did there.Click here for a comparison to the prior mahogany variant: http://www.superbestaudiofriends.or...ements-and-quick-impressions.1681/#post-42237
http://www.superbestaudiofriends.or...-and-quick-impressions.1681/page-2#post-42361 Notes on these measurements:
http://www.superbestaudiofriends.or...-and-quick-impressions.1681/page-3#post-42471
Frequency Response and Distortions L 0dB = 100 dbSPL
Frequency Response and Distortions R 0dB = 100 dbSPL
Notes on the midrange dip in the measurements:Frequency Response and Distortions L 0dB = 100 dbSPLFrequency Response and Distortions R 0dB = 100 dbSPL
I don't know what's up with the distortion spike in the upper mids. It could be slight driver damage from a well traveled headphone or a measurement artifact. I was in a rush to get the measurements done so I could return them.
CSD L
CSD R
CSD LCSD R
Buy it here on Friday:
Oct.30 (GMM) Mark Webber's bad relationship with his teammate Sebastian Vettel dates back six years.
That is the claim of Red Bull's Dr Helmut Marko, who plays down suggestions Australian Webber and German Vettel only really fell out after the well-documented 'Multi 21' team orders saga of this season.
Not so, Austrian Marko told the Swiss newspaper Blick, as "It goes back to Fuji 2007".
In the Japanese Grand Prix six years ago, Webber was running strongly for Red Bull when Vettel, a rookie racing for Toro Rosso, crashed into him whilst running behind the safety car.
A furious Webber famously slammed "kids" who "f*** it all up".
"He (Vettel) probably cost him (Webber) his first victory," said Marko. "Since then there was trouble."
After Vettel wrapped up his fourth title in India last weekend, Webber did not appear for the post-race team photo, in which Red Bull also celebrated its fourth consecutive constructors' championship victory.
"Well done to Seb on his championship," Webber said in a post-race statement after retiring with alternator failure, "and also to all the team; to get a fourth title is amazing."
Outfield help was just one item on the trade deadline agenda this year, and oh boy did the Yankees address that need. Jack Curry reports that they have acquired Ichiro from the Mariners for right-handers D.J. Mitchell and Danny Farquhar. Joel Sherman says New York will be on the hook for just $2.25M of the remainder of his $17M salary. He'll be a free agent this winter. Ichiro had ten-and-five no trade protection and had to approve the trade. Both teams have announced the deal and in typical Brian Cashman fashion, it came out of nowhere.
The trade is obviously a reaction to Brett Gardner going down with season-ending elbow surgery. Ichiro provides similar speed and elite defense — plus that cannon arm — but not the same on-base ability. The Yankees are very clearly banking on a change of scenery here, because Suzuki is hitting just .261/.288/.353 this year and .268/.302/.342 over the last two seasons. With any luck, the move to New York and a contending team will rejuvenate him a bit and he hits .450 the rest of the season.
The Yankees value makeup and there is little doubt the 38-year-old Ichiro will fit well in New York. He's arguably the most popular player in the history of Japan and has lived with the media circus since arriving in the States more than a decade ago. It's unclear how exactly the Yankees will use him, but I'm guessing he and Derek Jeter will hit one-two in the lineup in some order. They would be wise to limit his exposure to left-handers as well. Shifting Nick Swisher to left to use Ichiro's arm in right makes sense, but left field has more ground to cover. We'll see.
New York didn't give up much in return. Mitchell was an up-and-down arm likely to settle into a swingman role long-term, though he remains under team control for six more years. The presence of David Phelps, Adam Warren, and Brett Marshall made him expendable. Farquhar was claimed off waivers from the Athletics last month and has been designated for assignment twice this year. He's an inconsequential throw-in. No word on the corresponding 40-man move yet, but I assume either Swisher (groin/hip) will be placed on the DL or Dewayne Wise will be designated for assignment. Ichiro will be in uniform tonight. Welcome to the Bronx.
Lorena Bobbitt, who now uses her maiden name Gallo, claimed Mr Bobbitt still harboured feelings for her despite what happened, and continues to send her Valentine's cards and flowers.
The pair appeared on an episode of the US tabloid television show The Insider on Monday night and argued over what had gone wrong in their relationship.
"John, you did a lot of things to me that were very painful," Miss Gallo said, claiming he had forced her to have an abortion.
"You drove me crazy. You drove me insane. No woman should go through that I went through."
"I didn't really understand how sensitive you are," Mr Bobbitt, 42, from Buffalo, New York, replied. "You take things really seriously."
It was on June 23, 1993 that Miss Gallo, then 24, cut off more than half of her husband's penis as he slept. She had been in a "fit of rage" after he returned home drunk from a night on the town and allegedly raped her.
She left the house with the severed object and threw it out of the car window into a field, where it was found and surgically reattached.
Mr Bobbitt was acquitted of spousal rape and Miss Gallo was found not guilty of malicious wounding by reason of temporary insanity.
The pair subsequently divorced after six years of marriage.
Mr Bobbitt, who used his notoriety to become an adult film star, described the night it happened.
"I was bleeding to death. It was one of the most terrifying things I ever went through," he said.
Miss Gallo said: "I remember driving with his severed penis in my hand, and in my other hand I had the knife. I didn't even know how I got into the car, and apparently I had to toss it somewhere because I couldn't turn the wheel of my car, so I got rid of the thing. Then I learnt at the hospital later on that it was his penis."
Why Men Don't Listen And Women Can't Read Maps by Allan Pease, Barbara Pease
After reading a very interesting book called Why Men Don't Listen And Women Can't Read Maps, I have realized that men and women are physiologically different, and therefore you can make certain generalisations about them. What I liked about that book is that it recognises our similarities, even as it acknowledges that we are not identical. It doesn't make a case for inequality. [source]
Have you ever wished your partner came with an instruction booklet? This international bestseller is the answer to all the things you've ever wondered about the opposite sex. For their controversial new book on the differences between the way men and women think and communicate, Barbara and Allan Pease spent three years traveling around the world, collecting the dramatic findings of new research on the brain, investigating evolutionary biology, analyzing psychologists, studying social changes, and annoying the locals. The result is a sometimes shocking, always illuminating, and frequently hilarious look at where the battle line is drawn between the sexes, why it was drawn, and how to cross it. Read this book and understand--at last!--why men never listen, why women can't read maps, and why learning each other's secrets means you'll never have to say sorry again.
Ozier Muhammad/The New York Times
Were you watching closely when the man in the blue blazer brushed by Henry R. Schlesinger, turned and started up the stairs in Grand Central Terminal?
“If that didn't go well, I'd be sitting in prison,” Mr. Schlesinger said, fingering the rolled-up sheet of paper the other man had slipped him as they passed.
He left out another important if: If he and the other guy were real spies.
As it was, the paper that changed hands was a list of places in New York that figured in famous espionage cases. It is a long list.
“There are more spies in New York City than any other city,” said the other man, H. Keith Melton, an intelligence historian and the author of “The Ultimate Spy: Inside the Secret World of Espionage” (DK Publishing, updated 2009). “They could be the person next to you on the subway, or standing on the corner.”
Here is a helpful hint: The real spy is probably not the one muttering “Bond, James Bond.” But the real spy may not be as good with high-tech gadgets as with martinis that are shaken, not stirred.
Mr. Melton said that Anna Chapman, one of 10 sleeper agents returned to Russia in a spy swap in 2010, had a reputation for heavy-duty partying but seemed flummoxed by her laptop as she sat in a Starbucks on Eighth Avenue. “The last seat by the window,” he said. The hard part, for her, was establishing a wireless connection with a Russian handler hovering nearby.
“She was never sure he was getting the signal,” she said. The F.B.I. released a photograph showing Ms. Chapman “standing up and holding her computer to get a better signal,” he said. “Terrible tradecraft.”
Mr. Melton says he is a graduate of the United States Naval Academy and describes himself as “a historical consultant within the U.S. intelligence community.” He says he has been a guest lecturer at the Federal Bureau of Investigation, the National Security Agency and the Joint Military Intelligence College. He also says he is “an ongoing adviser to other U.S. intelligence agencies.”
And he has amassed a collection of some 10,000 espionage artifacts. Some of them will go on display starting Friday at Discovery Times Square, at 226 West 44th Street, in an exhibition that includes items from the Central Intelligence Agency and the F.B.I. Mr. Schlesinger, a freelance writer, worked with him on a forthcoming book listing dozens of cloak-and-dagger sites.
There are many, judging by everything they pointed out on a walk that began in Times Square — and they turned around long before the United Nations, which Mr. Melton called “the largest concentration of espionage in the world.”
The subway station at Seventh Avenue and 42nd Street? It is a historic landmark for the trench-coat set, Mr. Melton said. It is where a German spy, Erich Gimpel, was captured in 1944. Gimpel and William C. Colepaugh, an American traitor, arrived in Manhattan as would-be saboteurs. Their mission was to hang out in bars, eavesdrop on American servicemen and transmit what they learned to Germany.
Mr. Melton said they went to Rockefeller Center, they bought stylish clothes and they went to see “National Velvet” with Elizabeth Taylor and Mickey Rooney.
“They decided life in America is better than life in Germany,” he said. “It was a problem the Germans had here. It's a Catch-22.” Colepaugh switched sides again, identifying Gimpel to the F.B.I.
He and Mr. Schlesinger strolled east on 42nd Street, passing an office building where the F.B.I. used one-way mirrors in a medicine cabinet to catch a German spy ring in 1941. Mr. Melton pointed to the Grand Hyatt New York, once the Commodore Hotel. He said that in Room 1400, Alger Hiss confronted Whittaker Chambers at a special subcommittee of the House Un-American Activities Committee investigating Soviet espionage.
And then he and Mr. Schlesinger ducked into Grand Central, where he said the C.I.A. had demonstrated the “brush-pass,” just as they did.
It works even if someone is being followed, Mr. Melton said, because there is usually a “gap of 10 seconds when surveillance can't see you” — the surveillance agent has to stay a bit behind, and you turn a corner. He said the C.I.A. first demonstrated it for a Czech diplomat who would not meet with agents in Prague.
Of the items in his collection, Mr. Melton was clearly proud of a rock that figured in the Anna Chapman case. It was the hiding place for $60,000 in cash for her spy ring. Mr. Melton said the F.B.I. confiscated the money but never disclosed the exact location of the rock, except to say that it was in Wurtsboro, N.Y., about 80 miles from Midtown Manhattan.
“That's all we knew,” Mr. Melton said. “Our goal was to find the rock. Using Google Earth, we put ourselves in the mind of the intelligence officer, and with the available information, we found the rock. I went back and met with the F.B.I. and they said, ‘What did you do today?' I said, ‘I got the rock.' They said, ‘Our rock?' I said, ‘Not anymore.'”
If you use any command line tools, your shell and prompt are important. For most developers, it's something we stare at for a good part of every working day. And since I'm staring at it constantly, I want a prompt that gives me useful information without coming off as too busy or cluttered. Finding nothing that matched quite what I wanted, I wrote one.
promptd
promptd is a very small set of tools for building your shell prompt. It currently has two parts:
promptd-path , a path shortener inspired by fish, prints a shortened version of your current directory. You can also have it print the full directory up to a given character limit, and shorten anything over.
promptd-vcs , the meat of the project. Inspired by oh-my-zsh, this tool uses glyphs to give you a quick overview of your Git repository's status. It has the following advantages over the existing oh-my-zsh solution and its underlying vcs_info plugin: It searches for the name of your current branch in more places, including packed refs. vcs_info waits for git status to complete before displaying your prompt. This can take several seconds for a large repository, especially the first time you visit it before it can be cached by your OS. This creates awkward pauses that are unacceptable for something as fundamental as your shell prompt. promptd_vcs interacts with git status using asynchronous I/O. This way, you can set limits on its time to run, and if it exceeds them, it will stop and use whatever it got so far to generate your prompt.
Together, you can use them to build a prompt like this:
Additional features, such as displaying info when merging and supporting other VCSes such as Subversion and Mercurial are in the works.
Nothing revolutionary
Nothing here is going to change the world. This is a tiny little project with more modest goals — “neat” or “useful” will suffice. I wrote it over a few days to scratch an itch and have a bit of fun.
If you want to try it out, promptd is available here on Github. Binary releases for 64-bit Linux are provided, and building it is as easy as running make . Besides a D complier to build it, it has no dependencies.
Iran's Turkish Gold Rush
Turkey's Islamist government is being rocked by the most sweeping corruption scandal of its tenure. Roughly two dozen figures, including well-connected business tycoons and the sons of top government ministers, have been charged with a wide range of financial crimes. The charges ballooned into a full-blown crisis on Dec. 25 when three ministers implicated in the scandal resigned, with one making a dramatic call for Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdoğan to step down as well. An exhausted-looking Erdoğan subsequently appeared on television in the evening to announce a Cabinet reshuffle that replaced a total of 10 ministers.
The drama surrounding two personalities are particularly eye-popping: Police reportedly discovered shoeboxes containing $4.5 million in the home of Suleyman Aslan, the CEO of state-owned Halkbank, and also arrested Reza Zarrab, an Iranian businessman who primarily deals in the gold trade, and who allegedly oversaw deals worth almost $10 billion last year alone.
The gold trade has long been at the center of controversial financial ties between Halkbank and Iran. Research conducted in May 2013 by the Foundation for Defense of Democracies and Roubini Global Economics revealed the bank exploited a "golden loophole" in the U.S.-led financial sanctions regime designed to curb Iran's nuclear ambitions. Here's how it worked: The Turks exported some $13 billion of gold to Tehran directly, or through the UAE, between March 2012 and July 2013. In return, the Turks received Iranian natural gas and oil. But because sanctions prevented Iran from getting paid in dollars or euros, the Turks allowed Tehran to buy gold with their Turkish lira — and that gold found its way back to Iranian coffers.
This "gas-for-gold" scheme allowed the Iranians to replenish their dwindling foreign exchange reserves, which had been hit hard by the international sanctions placed on their banking system. It was puzzling that Ankara allowed this to continue: The Turks — NATO allies who have assured Washington that they oppose Iran's military-nuclear program — brazenly conducted these massive gold transactions even after the Obama administration tightened sanctions on Iran's precious metals trade in July 2012.
Turkey, however, chose to exploit a loophole that technically permitted the transfer of billions of dollars of gold to so-called "private" entities in Iran. Iranian Ambassador to Turkey Ali Reza Bikdeli recently praised Halkbank for its "smart management decisions in recent years [that] have played an important role in Iranian-Turkish relations." Halkbank insists that its role in these transactions was entirely legal.
The U.S. Congress and President Obama closed this "golden loophole" in January 2013. At the time, the Obama administration could have taken action against state-owned Halkbank, which processed these sanctions-busting transactions, using the sanctions already in place to cut the bank off from the U.S. financial system. Instead, the administration lobbied to make sure the legislation that closed this loophole did not take effect for six months — effectively ensuring that the gold transactions continued apace until July 1. That helped Iran accrue billions of dollars more in gold, further undermining the sanctions regime.
In defending its decision not to enforce its own sanctions, the Obama administration insisted that Turkey only transferred gold to private Iranian citizens. The administration argued that, as a result, this wasn't an explicit violation of its executive order.
It's possible that the Obama administration didn't have compelling evidence of the role of the Iranian government in the gold trade. However, the president may have also simply sought to protect his relationship with Ankara and didn't want to get into a diplomatic spat with Erdoğan, who he considers a key regional ally.
If the administration didn't feel that the sanctions in place at the time were sufficient to take action against Halkbank, after all, it could have easily shut down the gold trade by amending its executive order. But at the time, Turkey was also playing a pivotal role in U.S. policy in Syria, which included efforts to strengthen the more moderate opposition factions fighting President Bashar al-Assad's regime.
It's also possible, however, that the Obama administration's decision had less to do with Turkey, and more to do with coaxing Iran into signing a nuclear deal. In the one-year period between July 2012, when the executive order was issued, and July 2013, when the "golden loophole" was closed, the Obama administration's non-enforcement of its own sanctions reportedly provided Iran with $6 billion worth of gold. That windfall may have been an American olive branch to Iran — extended via Turkey — to persuade its leaders to continue backchannel negotiations with the United States, which reportedly began as early as July 2012. It could also have been a significant sweetener to the interim nuclear deal eventually reached at Geneva, which provided Iran with another $7 billion in sanctions relief.
Indeed, why else would the administration have allowed the Turkish gold trade to continue for an extra six months, when Congress made clear its intent to shut it down?
This brings us back to the current corruption drama in Turkey. The ruling Justice and Development Party (AKP) has been claiming that it is a victim of a vast conspiracy, blaming everyone from Washington to Israel to U.S.-based Islamic cleric Fethullah Gulen for its woes. Some Turkish media have pointed a finger at David Cohen, the Treasury Department's undersecretary for terrorism and financial intelligence, who happened to be in Turkey as the news began to break. Erdoğan even raised the possibility of expelling the U.S ambassador to Ankara, Francis Ricciardone.
But if the charges stand against the panoply of well-connected figures fingered, the AKP will have only itself to blame. While the gas-for-gold scheme may have been technically legal before Congress finally shut it down in July, it appears to have exposed the Turkish political elite to a vast Iranian underworld. According to Today's Zaman, suspicious transactions between Iran and Turkey could exceed $119 billion — nine times the total of gas-for-gold transactions reported.
Even if the Turkish-Iranian gold trade represents only a small part of the wider corruption probe, the ongoing investigation could provide a window into some nagging questions about the relationship between Ankara and Tehran. Perhaps we will finally learn why the Turkish government allowed Iran to stock up on gold while it was defiantly pursuing its illicit nuclear program — and whether the Obama administration could have done more to prevent it.
Swedish heavy metal outfit Opeth will be celebrating its 25th anniversary with a European tour leg in October, but the iconic band has just announced a pair of U.S. shows that month as well. The two shows are being called “An Evening With Opeth” and will hit New York's Beacon Theater on October 22 and the Orpheum Theater in Los Angeles onOctober 24.
Making both nights even more special, Opeth will play two sets at both venues. The quintet will first celebrate the 10th anniversary of Ghost Reveries and follow up with an additional set of songs from their exhausting discography.
Tickets will be made available to the general public this Friday, May 1 at 10am local time via Ticketmaster. An exclusive fan presale for Opeth VIP members is now on sale. A number of tickets have also found their way to secondary market below.
[embedit cf="HTML1"]
The upcoming fall run will also be in support of Pale Communion, the band's most recent studio effort. They'll travel to both Japan and Australia in the next several weeks, hit Mexico and South America in July and begin a European festival route through the summer months.
1996 vice presidential candidate (and ex-NFL quarterback) Jack Kemp once called soccer socialist. Yet it's a sport that revels in individual artistry, perhaps more than any other. Fans flock to YouTube to bask in the Gallic flair of Hatem Ben Arfa, or marvel at the physics-defying strikes of Papiss Cissé. With that duo in the limelight, perhaps it's not surprising that Demba Ba hasn't always gotten due credit for his own brilliance.
Over the summer, Ba was routinely thought of as the most expendable of Newcastle's three-man forward line. Given the lingering release clause in his contract, maybe it was a defense mechanism we employed, expecting to see Ba elsewhere come September. Or maybe, given Ba's late-season struggles, we'd simply forgotten how good he actually is.
That line of thinking even seemed to infect his own manager, Alan Pardew. Despite Cissé's extremely poor start to the season, it was Ba who found himself out of the starting lineup against Everton last Monday. After rescuing the club from what looked like a sure defeat, he then produced a stellar performance against Norwich on Sunday. With rumors about Ba's unhappiness swirling, Pardew complimented his character as well as his play: "not just his goal - in the dressing room, everything about him was top drawer."
In fact, Ba has been every bit as good as he was during his best run last season, when his 16 goals carried Newcastle through a similarly uninspired spell. In March, my co-blogger Bob compared Ba to then-Arsenal sharpshooter Robin van Persie. Though van Persie "scores when he wants," at that time Ba had been even more efficient, leading the Premier League by scoring on 27% of his shots. So far this season, he's been similarly clinical: his four goals have come on 14 shots, a 29% chance conversion rate.
The Norwich match highlighted exactly what Ba does well, and how his style brings the best out of his teammates. When he is on form, he seems to have a telepathic connection with Ben Arfa and Yohan Cabaye, turning their diagonal passes into effortless finishes. Even ignoring the run for Sunday's goal, Ba somehow picked up that Ben Arfa would follow his first-half nutmeg of Andrew Surman with a pass between Michael Turner's legs. It's not a breathtaking gift like Ben Arfa's, but subtly special nonetheless. On Twitter after the game, Ba commented that Ben Arfa and Cabaye "make football look easy." Either one could say the same about him.
Of course, no discussion of Ba can ignore his penchant for petulance. Unhappy at being an unused sub for Senegal in the Africa Cup of Nations qualifier, he retweeted a fan's question: "Is your manager mad?" Then he was left on the bench in favor of Cissé against Everton, and displayed a similar sense of irritation.
Though his attitude may rub fans the wrong way at times, Ba's been upset for the right reasons, and responded in the right way. Too many former Newcastle players were content to pick up a healthy paycheck, whether or not they ever saw the field. Ba's frustration has come from not playing, and when given the opportunity, he showed Pardew - and all of us - exactly why he should. Point proved.
We've all heard the news: sitting down is incredibly bad for you. The average American spends over 6 hours a day in a chair, but sitting too much is linked to an increased risk of heart disease and certain cancers, among other illnesses.
Unlike most of our modern health dangers, a healthy diet and moderate exercise don't protect you from the risks of prolonged sitting. Fortunately, the cure is simple: just stand up. But many tips on the Internet regarding how to stand more revolve around standing desks, which are prohibitively expensive and impractical for most. So we've got several tips to help you stand more – no standing desks involved.
1. Don't stand too much. Standing all day is also bad for you since it strains your heart and legs. The key is what ergonomists refer to as “postural rotation” – sit some, stand some, repeat. Don't go to extremes in either direction.
2. Invest in comfortable shoes. This one is more for the Wonder Women, but nobody expects you to stand comfortably when you're staggering around in 5-inch heels. Invest in a pair of comfortable shoes you can stand in for more than 5 minutes without getting blisters.
3. Watch your posture. It's bad enough that we're sitting all day, but slouching at your desk makes it even worse. Avoid back pain and other health risks by sitting and standing up straight, as described in this guide.
4. Follow the 20-20-20 rule. The 20-20-20 rule asks you to look at something 20 feet away for 20 seconds every 20 minutes. It's designed for eyestrain, so just adjust it to work for sitting. Every 20 minutes, walk 20 feet away for 20 seconds.
5. Take advantage of technology. You spend all day on your computer and smartphone, so put it to good use. Set a simple timer to follow Step 2, or try any of the several anti-sitting apps available. You can also get a pedometer to track how many steps you take each day. Start a friendly competition with a co-worker.
6. Get a Wii. Is most of your free time spent playing Call of Duty? Make your video gaming sessions healthier by getting a Wii. You'll get all the fun of video games while adding some physical activity.
7. Use your commute wisely. If you take the bus or subway, stand up for all or most of the commute – even if you're exhausted. When the weather's nice, get off one stop early and walk the rest of the way. Do you drive to work? Park at the far end of the parking lot.
8. Replace your chair. Rolling chairs are fun to play with, but they encourage you to roll to places you'd normally walk to. Replace it with a stationary chair and stand up to get the stapler at the end of the hall.
9. Put in some face time. How often do you email co-workers who sit a few cubicles away? Keep the jokes on the Internet, but go visit when you have something important to discuss. This will probably be more efficient and will reduce unnecessary emails.
10. Fidget. If you really can't bear the thought of leaving your chair, start fidgeting. It can help combat the risks of sitting still.
11. Meet on the go. Your co-workers are likely aware of the dangers of a sedentary lifestyle. So suggest a walking meeting when practical, like with brainstorming sessions.
12. Watch TV smartly. The average American watches 5 hours of TV a day, which is way more sitting than is healthy. But there are ways to enjoy TV that still encourages standing up. Watch TV only while you stand, or hide your remote so you have to rise to change the channel. Preset the timer on your TV so that it turns off automatically in an hour. Can't give up the boob tube? Force yourself to stand up and run errands during commercial breaks. You can also do this with video games, standing up after the end of each level or match.
13. Take ‘smoking breaks.' While we would never suggest taking up smoking, smokers do get up frequently throughout the workday. Use the smokers in your office as a cue and join them outside. If you're worried about the temptation to light up or the dangers of secondhand smoke, walk around the building instead.
14. Stand at the bar. Standing up doesn't have to be limited to the workday. Stand at the bar during happy hour, and frequent crowded places where you can't sit. Take up a standing barroom activity like darts or billiards. And try removing chairs at your next cocktail party – all that standing will encourage more mingling amongst guests.
15. Keep office supplies far away. While it's annoying to stand up every time you need a pen, keep some office supplies farther away than others. If you can, move your trash can, recycling bin and printer far enough away so that you have to walk to them.
16. Hang out with children. Children are incredibly active. Hang out with them and you won't sit still for long. Don't have children of your own? Babysit for a friend. You could also volunteer with kids – try coaching an elementary school sports team.
17. Have fun standing. Select more active options when you meet friends or go on a date. Take advantage of spring, grab a cup of coffee and walk through the local park. Weather not co-operating? Hit an ice-skating rink or wander through a museum. If you want something a bit fancier, go to a gallery opening in your town, since they often have free wine and hors d'oeuvres. Or get standing-room only tickets to events if you're on a budget.
18. Spend time with canines. Having a dog forces you to get outside and walk for at least a few minutes each day. But don't adopt Fido solely for his exercise benefits! Walk a friend's dog or volunteer to walk the dogs at an animal shelter.
19. Convince your office to get cordless phones. Have those long phone meetings while you stand or pace around the office.
20. Institute a ‘clean desk' policy. Is your desk so covered in papers you can barely see its surface? Start clearing it off at the end of each workday, and make sure you stand as you sort through papers. You'll feel more in control of your workspace, and you'll make a great impression on your boss, too.
21. Change how you read your mail. Too many people check their mail from their cars. Head to the mailbox on foot and sort the mail while you're there. It adds a few extra minutes of standing and keeps any junk mail out of your house.
22. Leave your cell phone in one place. Take your phone off vibrate and leave it in a designated location in your house. When you need your phone, go to it, instead of carrying it around with you. Who knows? You could even break your cell phone addiction.
23. Listen to books on tape. Reading is excellent for you, but curling up in an armchair with a great book doesn't help your too-much-sitting situation. Listen to audiobooks while you run errands.
24. Drink water. Keep a large bottle of water at your desk and re-fill it frequently. This will ensure several trips to the water cooler and the bathroom while keeping you hydrated.
25. Stick to it. Have you ever noticed how tired you get waiting in line? That's partially because you're so used to sitting that standing is physically exhausting. When you start incorporating more standing in your life, you'll probably feel quite tired at first. But keep at it! You'll become accustomed to your new lifestyle soon enough, and will reap the benefits of standing up more.
How do you force yourself to stand up? Did we miss your favorite tips? Let us know in the comments, on Facebook, or Tweet us @SuperheroYou!
Photo Credit: kelly cree via Compfight cc
Written by Sasha Graffagna
Kurt Happy Zouma (born 27 October 1994) is a French professional footballer who plays as a centre-back for Everton, on loan from fellow Premier League club Chelsea, and the France national team.
Zouma began his career at Saint-Étienne, making his professional debut aged 16. Zouma won the Coupe de la Ligue with the club in 2013, and joined Chelsea for £12 million in January 2014. Chelsea loaned him back to his first club for the remainder of the season, and in his first full campaign in England, Zouma helped Chelsea win the League Cup and the Premier League. In July 2017 Zouma joined Stoke City on loan for the 2017–18 season.
Zouma represented France at youth levels, up to under-21. He made his senior international debut against Denmark on 29 March 2015.
Club career [ edit ]
Early career [ edit ]
Born in Lyon, Zouma began his career at age nine with Vaulx-en-Velin until he was 15. He played as a right winger and also as a striker before switching to his current position of a defender.[4]
Zouma joined Saint-Étienne in 2009. On 2 April 2011, he signed his first professional contract, agreeing to a three-year deal.[5] He was subsequently promoted to the senior team by manager Christophe Galtier ahead of the 2011–12 season, and initially played without a name on his shirt in order to protect him from media attention.[6]
Zouma made his professional debut at 16 years old, on 31 August 2011 in a Coupe de la Ligue match against Bordeaux, playing the entire match in a 3–1 win.[7] On 17 September, he made his Ligue 1 debut in a 3–0 loss at Lorient; his first professional goal came on 19 November, replacing Paulão after nine minutes and finishing a corner kick to confirm a 2–0 win before half time at OGC Nice.[8] He totalled 21 league games in his first season – 13 starts – and his other goal came on 14 January 2012, heading Banel Nicolita's corner for the only goal against lowly Sochaux at the Stade Geoffroy-Guichard.[9]
On 20 April 2013, Zouma played in Saint-Étienne's 1–0 win over Rennes in the final of the Coupe de la Ligue.[10] Eight days later in the Derby du Rhone away to Lyon, he opened a 1–1 draw by heading Yohan Mollo's corner after half an hour of play.[11] On 7 November 2013, Zouma was banned for ten games following a challenge that left Sochaux's Thomas Guerbert with a broken right leg and a dislocated ankle.[12]
Chelsea [ edit ]
2014–15 season [ edit ]
On 31 January 2014, Zouma joined Chelsea on a five-and-a-half-year contract for a fee believed to be around £12 million (€14.6 million).[13] He remained at Saint-Étienne on loan for the remainder of the 2013–14 season.[13]
Zouma first appeared as a first-half substitute for Chelsea in a pre-season friendly against Wycombe Wanderers. He scored his first goal for the club in a 2–1 friendly win against Slovene club Olimpija, on 27 July 2014.[14] He was given the number 5 shirt, previously worn by Michael Essien.[15]
On 24 September, Zouma made his first competitive appearance for Chelsea, scoring the opener in a 2–1 win against Bolton Wanderers in the third round of the League Cup.[16] He made his second Chelsea start and first UEFA Champions League appearance on 21 October against Maribor, helping his side keep a clean sheet in a 6–0 win.[17] He made his Premier League debut as an added-time substitute for Willian in the 1–1 draw with Manchester United at Old Trafford on 26 October 2014.[18]
On 4 January 2015, Zouma scored the third goal for Chelsea in the 3–0 victory over Watford in the FA Cup.[19] Six days later, he started in the Premier League for the first time, partnering John Terry in place of Gary Cahill and keeping a clean sheet in a 2–0 home win over Newcastle United, which put Chelsea back into first place in the league table.[20] With Nemanja Matić suspended and John Obi Mikel injured, Zouma played in defensive midfield as Chelsea won the League Cup Final on 1 March after a 2–0 victory over Tottenham Hotspur.[21] On 3 May, he featured as a substitute for the final five minutes in place of Willian as Chelsea defeated Crystal Palace 1–0 to win the league title.[22]
Zouma in action against Newcastle in September 2015
On 2 August 2015, Zouma was a 69th-minute substitute for César Azpilicueta as Chelsea lost 1–0 to rivals Arsenal in the Community Shield.[23] Starting ahead of John Terry, he scored his first Premier League goal on 19 September, heading in Cesc Fàbregas' cross to open a 2–0 home win over the same opposition.[24] On 24 November, as a late substitute for the injured Terry, he scored his first European goal to conclude a 4–0 win at Maccabi Tel Aviv in the Champions League group stage.[25]
Under interim manager Guus Hiddink, Zouma regularly started alongside Terry as Chelsea's form improved. On 7 February 2016, Zouma ruptured the anterior cruciate ligament in his right knee after landing awkwardly from a jump in a match against Manchester United. He required surgery and was ruled out for six months.[26]
In the summer of 2016, Zouma traveled and trained with the first-team during preseason.[27] Chelsea also rejected a loan offer from Schalke 04.[28] On 24 October, Zouma made his first competitive appearance after being out of action for nine months, playing 45 minutes for the Chelsea under-23 side in a 2–2 draw against Derby County.[29] On 8 January 2017, Zouma made his first team comeback in Chelsea's 4–1 FA Cup third-round win over Peterborough United.[30] On 4 February, he made his first appearance of the 2016–17 Premier League season as a substitute in a 3–1 win against rivals Arsenal.[31]
2017–18 season: Loan to Stoke City [ edit ]
Following agreeing to a new six-year deal with Chelsea, on 21 July 2017, Zouma joined fellow Premier League side Stoke City on loan for the 2017–18 season.[32][33] On 12 August, he made his debut in a 1–0 loss at Everton.[34]
In November 2017, Stoke captain Ryan Shawcross expressed his surprise that Chelsea had loaned out Zouma, who had only missed one match, against his parent club.[35] On 20 November he headed his first goal for the Potters, in a 2–2 draw at Brighton & Hove Albion.[36] Zouma played 37 matches for Stoke in 2017–18 as the club suffered relegation to the EFL Championship.[37]
2018–19 season: Loan to Everton [ edit ]
On 10 August 2018, Zouma joined fellow Premier League side Everton on loan for the 2018–19 season.[38] He made his debut on 25 August as a last-minute substitute for the injured Michael Keane in a 2–2 draw at Bournemouth.[39]
Zouma scored his first goal for Everton on 13 January 2019, a header to open a 2–0 home win also against Bournemouth.[40] He was sent off for dissent after the final whistle in a 1–0 loss at Watford on 9 February.[41]
International career [ edit ]
Zouma is a France youth international having represented his nation at under-16 and under-17 level. He played with the under-17 team at the 2011 UEFA European Under-17 Football Championship and 2011 FIFA U-17 World Cup. Zouma has been the captain for the French under-21 side.[42] He was part of the under-20 team that won the 2013 World Cup in Turkey. In the quarter-finals against Uzbekistan in Rize, he headed the last goal of a 4–0 victory.[43]
Senior France manager Didier Deschamps wanted to build a defence around Zouma and fellow youngster Raphaël Varane,[6] and on 19 March 2015, he was called him up for the first time for friendlies against Brazil and Denmark.[44] He made his debut in the latter match ten days later, a 2–0 win at his former club ground with Saint-Étienne, the Stade Geoffroy-Guichard, replacing Morgan Schneiderlin for the last eight minutes of the game.[45] After his injury for Chelsea in February, Zouma missed France's hosting of UEFA Euro 2016.[26]
He returned to the squad in August 2017, replacing the injured Raphaël Varane for a World Cup qualifier against the Netherlands.[46] He was put on standby for France's squad at the final tournament in Russia.[47] Zouma earned his first France cap in over three years on 11 October 2018 as a substitute in a 2–2 friendly draw with Iceland, coming on as a substitute and winning the equalising penalty.[48]
Style of play [ edit ]
Zouma with Saint-Étienne in 2011
A November 2013 report by FourFourTwo noted Zouma's strength, reading of the game, and aerial presence, while mentioning his occasional lapses in concentration.[6] In January 2014, Zouma was named by British newspaper The Observer as one of the ten most promising young players in Europe. The newspaper wrote, "Blessed with exceptional power and technique, Zouma is also coveted by many for his leadership qualities."[49]
Match of the Day pundit, Danny Murphy linked Zouma to Marcel Desailly, another Frenchman who played in defence for Chelsea. Writing after a draw with Manchester City, which included a strong run and perfectly-executed sliding tackle on Sergio Agüero, Murphy noted Zouma's reliability and confidence against the strong opponent, in addition to his pace. He predicted that Zouma could be a Chelsea mainstay for years to come, and would be an ideal replacement for captain John Terry, then aged 34.[50]
Shawcross called Zouma the "ultimate defender" for his speed, jump, passing, shooting and tackling, and said that Tottenham Hotspur's Toby Alderweireld was the only central defender on his level.[35]
Personal life [ edit ]
Zouma's parents emigrated to France from the Central African Republic.[51] His older brother Lionel plays in the same position for French club Bourg-en Bresse.[52] Zouma is named after Kurt Sloane, Jean-Claude Van Damme's character in the 1989 film Kickboxer, while his middle name Happy reflects an African tradition of using positive words as middle names.[53] Zouma is married to Sandra, with whom he has two children.[54][55]
Career statistics [ edit ]
Club [ edit ]
As of match played 9 February 2019[56][57]
Appearances and goals by club, season and competition Club Season League National Cup League Cup Europe Other Total Division Apps Goals Apps Goals Apps Goals Saint-Étienne B 2010–11 CFA 7 1 — — — — 7 1 2011–12 CFA 2 1 — — — — 2 1 2012–13 CFA 1 0 — — — — 1 0 Total 10 2 — — — — 10 2 Saint-Étienne 2011–12 Ligue 1 21 2 1 0 1 0 — — 23 2 2012–13 Ligue 1 18 2 4 0 1 0 — — 23 2 2013–14 Ligue 1 24 0 0 0 0 0 3[a] 0 — 27 0 Total 63 4 5 0 2 0 3 0 — 73 4 Chelsea 2014–15 Premier League 15 0 2 1 5 1 4[b] 0 — 26 2 2015–16 Premier League 23 1 1 0 1 0 6[b] 1 1[c] 0 32 2 2016–17 Premier League 9 0 4 0 0 0 — — 13 0 Total 47 1 7 1 6 1 10 1 1 0 71 4 Stoke City (loan) 2017–18 Premier League 34 1 1 0 2 0 — — 37 1 Everton (loan) 2018–19 Premier League 23 1 2 0 2 0 — — 27 1 Career total 177 9 15 1 12 1 13 1 1 0 218 12
International [ edit ]
As of match played 11 October 2018[58]
National team Year Apps Goals France 2015 2 0 2016 0 0 2017 0 0 2018 1 0 Total 3 0
Honours [ edit ]
Zouma (second from left) celebrates winning the League Cup with Chelsea in 2015
Saint-Étienne
Chelsea
France U20
Individual
Story highlights Eric Liu: Proposition would raise wages by $4 for many in Seattle-area community
He says the effort, organized by union group, is a model of citizen activism
The tea party has showed how citizen organization can sway public policy, he says
Liu: Surest way to address economic inequality is to start with political activism
In a town not far from me, a municipal ballot measure has become a national bellwether. The citizens of SeaTac, a working-class community that includes the major airport for the Seattle-Tacoma area, will vote next month on whether to establish a $15 minimum wage for hospitality and transportation workers.
This is obviously a fight about economics (a recent report (PDF) finds that those workers make an average wage of $11 today). Perhaps less obviously, it's also a fight about citizenship.
The pro-Proposition 1 campaign is part of a resurgence of worker organizing across the country. Fast-food strikes have hit dozens of cities; autoworkers are unionizing in the low-wage South; fiercely independent lobstermen in Maine have already unionized. Labor organizers in SeaTac want to ride this wave.
At the same time, the opposition is strong and well-funded and has the advantage of inertia. The airlines and hotel chains opposed to Proposition 1 need only to sow uncertainty and fear about unintended consequences -- the fear, specifically, of the layoffs or cuts in hours that might result if labor costs went up (and, implicitly, of course, if corporate profits remained untouched).
Eric Liu
But SeaTac is a town with fewer than 12,000 voters, with many immigrant families and with shops and restaurants where "everybody knows your name." Generic talking points and a vague invocation of fear or hope won't cut it here.
Every voter's door in SeaTac can be knocked on more than once, and will be. Which is why SEIU 775NW, the local union that helped put Proposition 1 on the ballot, is investing heavily in feet on the street and face-to-face persuasion.
What's notable in SeaTac, though, is that the people who live here are not pawns in anyone's game. For over three decades, workers in the United States found that as their economic fortunes declined, so did their civic clout.
Now, everyday citizens in and around SeaTac who have endured constant economic insecurity are finding their voice and learning to ask in public whether they should accept as normal a life where working multiple jobs still can't push a family out of poverty.
JUST WATCHED Would higher minimum wage help or hurt? Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Would higher minimum wage help or hurt? 02:16
JUST WATCHED Rep. Ellison: Raise the minimum wage Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Rep. Ellison: Raise the minimum wage 03:45
Last week, I heard one of these newly activated citizens. Evelyn Olano is a 51-year-old Filipina immigrant. She works two low-wage jobs at the airport, scanning bags and doing security seven days a week. Her husband, already past retirement age, cleans hotel rooms.
Five or 10 years ago, Evelyn and every baggage handler and bathroom cleaner and car rental gatekeeper at SeaTac would have silently borne their lot. Today, they are not. They are becoming literate in the language of civic action and political power.
As I watched Evelyn give a speech at a campaign event, it was very clear that she'd never done this before -- and that she'd be doing it again. Evelyn spoke of the dollars and cents difference Proposition 1 would make in her household. But her earnest presence testified just as powerfully to the democratic difference it would make.
The economic rationale for a minimum wage hike is that it creates a virtuous cycle of increasing demand: When workers have more money, businesses have more customers, which means businesses hire more workers, which in turn generates more customers. Customer creation begets job creation, from the middle out and bottom up.
The civic rationale for a minimum wage hike is similarly demand-driven. When more citizens demand economic fairness, powerful institutions become more responsive, which empowers more citizens to find their voice, which in turn leads our leaders to listen more to citizens. It's citizen creation, from the middle out and bottom up.
The fight in SeaTac is evidence that the surest way to address economic inequality is to address political inequality: by organizing, speaking up and rounding up the votes to redefine what's considered normal in public policy.
Indeed, even if Proposition 1 doesn't pass, it's already expanded the "safe zone" in regional politics: Both candidates for mayor in nearby Seattle have now pledged to raise their city's minimum wage to $15, a move that will have wide national reverberations.
This era of economic upheaval nationwide and policy paralysis in Washington is leading citizens across the spectrum to rediscover the power of collective action. The tea party has showed vividly that an activated, well-organized minority, working together, can change the frame of what's possible in politics. Now, it's time for workers stuck in poverty to learn and apply that lesson. They may get a living wage. They will certainly get a healthier democracy.
Amazon today announced that third-party developers will be able to make use of the Alexa assistant's voice recognition feature to personalize apps for its line of Echo speakers. The news, announced at Amazon's re:Invent conference in Las Vegas and reported first by TechCrunch, builds on the company's announcement in October that Alexa can now identify individual users' voices to personalize responses.
Until today, that recognition feature only worked for Amazon-built services like shopping lists, flash briefing news updates, and Amazon Music, among other built-in skills. Starting some time in early 2018, however, developers will be able to tap into those voice-based profiles to make apps more personalized to various members of a household. This will put Amazon on par with rival Google in the smart home and digital assistant fields. Google launched multi-user support using voice recognition back in April and later on added the ability for developers to tap into this data for third-party apps.
In addition to announcing voice recognition for third-party apps, Amazon also revealed today at re:Invent that it's bringing Alexa notifications on Echo speakers to a wider pool of developers starting today. The feature was first announced earlier this year before it entered a private beta testing period in September. Now, Amazon says Alexa notifications are ready for broader availability.
The notifications, which are opt-in only on the user end, combine an audio cue — typically some type of chime and spoken alert courtesy of Alexa — with a blueish green light change on the Echo speaker ring to signify an app notification. Users can then hear the notification with either a physical tap on the speaker or an audio command like, “Alexa, what did I miss?,” according to TechCrunch. Existing Alexa skills in the news, weather, and food delivery categories can make use of the feature, and Amazon says more apps will start incorporating notifications going forward.
Correction: A previous version of this article incorrectly stated that Google does not give developers access to Google Home's voice recognition feature; it does in fact allow third-party apps to use this data to personalize experiences.
Teachers affect eternity; no one can tell where their influence stops.
As a mother of a child on the Autism Spectrum, autism was thrust upon me. I wasn't given a choice. But you, a special educator, chose to take this up as your profession. Hats off to you! I commend you for making this noble choice.
When I started SAI in 2004, I remember spending a lot of time training teachers about Autism. They said that they had heard about ASD, but they didn't quite understand it. Autism was a paragraph in a text book!
Thankfully, things are much better these days.
Dr Rubina Lal, who heads the Suvidya Centre of Special Education says, “There is a sea change from the way things were 20 years ago. Even in those days, teachers had good intentions, but they had little knowledge about autism. We've come a long way. Today, we've published research in several areas of autism. And all this, without the government aid.”
Yes, the change is admirable. Efforts of Dr Lal and countless parents and professionals working with children with autism, education and traininghas pushed ahead.
However, not all is well. A few critical areas still are waiting to be addressed. According to Merry Barua, Parent and Autism Activist, “Special educators need to understand the implications of autism. If a child speaks they assume he understands everything. Remember that he may have a good rote memory. He could have by-hearted some answers, but this doesn't mean that he understands everything. On the other hand, if he doesn't speak, they assume that he doesn't understand anything. These assumptions call for in-depth teacher training, in terms of implementation of services.”
Talking with these stalwarts got me thinking.
Yes, on a macro level things have improved. On a micro level though, I think we still need to work hard to ensure that children on the spectrum receive top notch treatment and care. We need to change agents for this shift in perspective.
You, dear teacher, are the change agent.
24 years ago, when Mohit was diagnosed, ASD was considered to be a stigma and disability with a bleak future. Today, it is a neuro diversity. People with ASD are sought after by companies in the US, as they believe that these highly sophisticated and specialized brains, can add immense value.
I've spent twenty years studying and teaching children with autism, and imparting knowledge by training parents and professionals. Yet I feel that there are miles to go and many layers to be unearthed for me. I still have so much to learn.
Do you feel this way too? How do you look at Autism?
I'd like to share some rules that I follow whenever I work with a child. They have always stood me in good stead. I hope they will prove useful to you as well.
1. Presume intellect
This is my absolute favorite.
I am convinced that people with ASD understand everything. Many of our students are non vocal. This doesn't mean that they don't understand. It also doesn't mean that they have nothing to say.
When I go in with this presumption, unimaginable doors open up.
2. Slow down
Do not bombard with instructions. Give them time to process.
When you are working with children with autism, or ask them to do something, they may not do it immediately. They may appear to not have heard you at all. In truth though, they have taken it in.
Don't believe me? Try it out. Ask them to do something. Don't repeat yourself. Give them 45 seconds. See what happens.
3. Focus on strengths
Everybody has some area of expertise, something that they're good it.
Have you found something that each of your students is good at? If not, then spend time with them and find them out. They will astonish you.
Once you find them out (trust me, you will find more than one strength), focus on those strengths one-by-one.
One of my 5 year olds had excellent reading skills. Once we discovered that, we used reading in most of our frameworks. Not only did that keep him engaged, but it also helped us to address and sort challenging for him, like referencing and joint attention.
4. Understand how the child learns
Each child learns differently.
Some are visual learners, some auditory, some kinesthetic, and so on. Have you heard of the theory of multiple intelligences by Developmental Psychologist Howard Gardner? It offers tremendous insight into 8 different learning styles. Gardner's theory is a critique of the standard intelligence theory.
By spending some time assessing a child, you can figure out his predominant learning style.
This will become the most important tool in your arsenal when you are teaching students with autism.
5. Break things down into steps
Give your students one challenge at a time. Break it down effectively.
When you set up a teaching session, keep in mind what your challenges in the activity will be.
We use the below framing sheet for planning activities at SAI Connections. You can use it too.
Framing and Scaffolding Sheet (click to download - credits RDI Connect)
6. Make parents a part of your team
When in doubt ask the mother.
It works all the time. You will be amazed at how perceptive a mother is. All successful programs have parental input and parent training as part of the program.
Remember, at the end of the day, the child goes home. This is where the ‘real change' should show.
7. Treat every child with dignity and respect
We want to treat all our students with respect. We all think we do it.
But have you caught yourself talking about the child to somebody else in his presence? Do you exasperation show in front of the child?
You may not mean to do it, but things like this spell disrespect. Please be aware of these small, but very important things.
This message from the New Age Guru Mahatria Ra is a must-see for every teacher.
Even if you've seen this before, please watch it again.
I promise you, it's worth it!
Dear teacher, you made a choice and took on this challenge to be a teacher. You can make another choice: the choice to be a game changer in the life of a child with Autism.
Can you imagine how it would be to be another Mrs. Thompson? Imagine how you can change the the lives of not only children but their families too – families who look up to you for everything.
Imagine how much value you would add in this world. How fulfilling would it be to enhance hundreds (and thousands) of lives like that. Your work of teaching children with autism can create waves – ripples at first and then become so towering that no force can stop them.
I would love to leave behind a legacy like that. Wouldn't you?
The Brew has learned that John Paterakis Sr., Baltimore's billionaire bakery mogul, real estate developer and political powerbroker, died today at Johns Hopkins Hospital. He was 87.
Over a long career, the “bread man” created one of the biggest bakery businesses in the U.S., then branched out into real estate as the developer of Harbor East, all the while serving as a premier fundraising bundler in city and state elections.
His influence spread far and wide from his humble beginnings as the son of a Greek immigrant who forsook college to help his dad run a small East Baltimore bakery.
Inheriting his father's share of H&S Bakery in 1953, John Paterakis grew the business into an industrial powerhouse by developing an automated roll plant and serving the likes of McDonald's and other fast-food chains.
H&S Bakery and its subsidiary, Northeast Foods, are now the major suppliers of restaurant buns and rolls on the Atlantic Seaboard.
New Chapter as Mega-Developer
Almost by default, Paterakis became the owner of a patchwork of abandoned factories and little-used rail yards south of Little Italy in the 1980s.
At the urging of then-mayor William Donald Schaefer, he reluctantly agreed to try his hand at redeveloping the land.
Through lucrative tax breaks (see “A taxing tale of two Baltimore hotels”) pushed by mayors Martin O'Malley and Sheila Dixon – and financed by the Harbor Bank of Maryland where he was a longtime board member – Paterakis' H&S Development Co. built Harbor East.
The upscale complex now boasts 5.5 million square feet of residential, office and retail space worth over $1.5 billion.
Shunning the thought of retirement despite poor health, Paterakis was involved in the expansion of his domain to the east side of Central Avenue with the proposed $170 million “Liberty Harbor East” project.
(Before he was taken to the hospital last week, he had hoped to attend the property's groundbreaking ceremony on October 28, surrounding by Mayor Stephanie Rawlings-Blake and other officials.)
Rebounds from Campaign Charges
In 2009, Paterakis pleaded guilty to two counts of campaign finance violations in connection with a secret $6,000 payment to City Councilwoman Helen L. Holton for a political poll.
He paid a fine of $26,000 and was briefly barred from contributing to political campaigns, but came back strong during the current election cycle. One example of his prowess was how quickly he managed to raise more than $130,000 for ex-mayor Dixon in the Democratic Party primary for mayor.
After Dixon's loss in the primary, Paterakis and his four sons, who serve in executive positions at the company, turned their financial faucet to state Sen. Catherine E. Pugh, who is the Democratic Party's nominee for mayor in the general election.
(One of “Mister John's” favorite adages, according to a profile by Rafael Alvarez, was: “Always be involved in whatever you can politically, but never run for public office.”)
Despite his low-key style and casual attire, he was the indisputable patriarch of Baltimore's Greektown community and its suburban enclaves in Harford County and was a major benefactor to many charities and the Greek Orthodox church.
Funeral arrangements have not yet been announced by the family, who could not be reached for comment. (UPDATE: A private service will be held on Thursday, October 20.)
The Malaysian ringgit hit a fresh low of RM 2.81 against the Singapore dollar on Monday, which could further lift tourist volumes into Singapore's neighbour.
Singapore
THE Malaysian ringgit hit a fresh low of RM 2.81 against the Singapore dollar on Monday, which could further lift tourist volumes into Singapore's neighbour.
The currency has depreciated to its lowest level against the Sing dollar since 1981, due in part to domestic concerns.
The recent fall in oil prices as well as intensifying political uncertainty in Malaysia over allegations that Prime Minister Najib Razak misappropriated funds are contributing to the ringgit's latest slump. Conversely, the Sing dollar has remained quite resilient.
sentifi.com Market voices on:
"Global sentiment had been weighed by the 'No' vote from the weekend Greek referendum and this acted as a depressant for Asian currencies," said FX strategist at OCBC Bank, Emmanuel Ng. "The Malaysian ringgit had the additional baggage of the negative weekend news flow, resulting in the SGD-MYR pushing higher."
Travel agents that BT spoke to expect higher bookings for travel to Malaysia, especially if the ringgit deteriorates further.
According to Alicia Seah, spokeswoman for Dynasty Travel, enquiries have jumped over the last two weeks by about 25-30 per cent, both from leisure travellers and those from the meetings, incentives, conferences and exhibitions (MICE) segment. MICE travellers - which include associations or corporations organising incentive tours for their staff - tend to head to places such as Langkawi or Penang.
Ms Seah also expects to see a lot more impromptu travel to Malaysia, given the weaker ringgit as well as the upcoming long weekends in July and August around Hari Raya Puasa and National Day, respectively.
"Malaysia is just a short distance away and (Singaporean travellers) don't have to take long leave," she pointed out. "Some of the theme parks in Johor Bahru, like Legoland, will enjoy more visitors from Singapore."
Over at Chan Brothers Travel, the outlook for travel bookings to Malaysia looks positive as well.
"We are expecting it to rise by 10 to 15 per cent, should forex remain this low against the Singapore dollar or continue to slide further," added a spokeswoman for Chan Brothers.
On the other hand, the lower ringgit may weigh on an already challenging year for Singapore's tourism industry, where visitor arrivals were down about five per cent year on year in the first four months of this year, according to preliminary figures from the Singapore Tourism Board. Headwinds include the strong Singapore dollar against regional currencies such as the Indonesian rupiah and the ringgit.
Malaysia is a key tourism market for Singapore, with visitors from Malaysia accounting for about 1.23 million of the 15.1 million travellers that came to Singapore last year. The inflow of Malaysian travellers to Singapore was already down nearly 4 per cent in 2014 over 2013.
Maybank Group's head of FX research, Saktiandi Supaat, expects the ringgit will slide to RM2.85 against the Sing dollar in the coming weeks, and potentially even beyond to RM2.90. However, he does not see it free-falling to RM3 in what he deems the worst case scenario.
Meanwhile, DBS' senior currency economist, Philip Wee, expects it could end up falling to RM2.87.
"(Malaysia's) Bank Negara wouldn't want it to move drastically out of whack too fast," said Mr Supaat, noting that a swift depreciation could have repercussions on imports. "They would want to mitigate it."
In the medium to long-term, however, Mr Supaat reckons that the Singapore dollar will also ultimately weaken slightly, which could take the ringgit back to below the RM2.80 range.
An enormous boulder hurtled off a mountain and smashed into a tourist train in the French Alps on Saturday, derailing it on the mountainside and killing two passengers, officials said. Nine people were injured.
The force of the boulder caved in the side of the train, which takes a leisurely three hours to travel about 150 kilometres from Nice to Dignes-les-Bains.
The force of the boulder that came loose caved in the side of the train and forced it off the track outside the town of Annot in southeastern France. (Associated Press)
"A rock the size of an automobile came off the mountainside and slammed into the first car of the train," Jean Ballester, mayor of nearby Annot, told BFM television. "There are unfortunately two dead."
The uninjured among the approximately 30 passengers were evacuated to Annot, a little more than half-way through the train route, Ballester said. Two rescue helicopters were dispatched to the remote area, he said.
France's top security official, Manuel Vals, confirmed two dead and nine injured.
The train was still dangling dramatically from the tracks hours after the accident, the crushed front car nose-down in the snowy woods.
The train travels along the mountains on track that regularly receives snow and rock falls, but regional transport official Jean-Yves Petit said even in winter it is considered safe.
"The track isn't unusually dangerous," Petit told BFM.
In my short time in this line of work, I've found that far too many people insert personal opinions into news coverage, and even more hide behind the shield of an "editorial" or "op-ed" label to do so with the belief that this is grants them the protection of saying whatever they please, free of consequence. "It's just my opinion," people will say. "It's even labeled as such." But the truth is, we all have a platform. Even in matters where you are sharing your opinion, it's just as important to back that opinion up with something of substance in order to make an intelligent argument. Most people don't care about your opinion - they care about the process that led you to that opinion. Every hot take you think you're presenting has already been made dozens of times on Twitter under the popular hashtag of the day. It's how you present it that matters. The only thing you'll achieve by throwing out unsubstantiated opinions is limiting your audience. You'll attract those who agree with you, alienate those who don't, and do absolutely nothing to sway the undecided many in the middle.
Even enthusiast press has responsibilities. It is our responsibility to report on news, not to create it. But, more importantly than that, it is our responsibility to be fair while doing so.
Earlier this week, both Disney and Google made the decision to sever ties with popular YouTube personality Felix "PewDiePie" Kjellberg due to content in several of his videos. Scare PewDiePie, a collaboration between Disney's Maker Studios and The Walking Dead parent company Skybound Entertainment, was canceled. The decision came after The Wall Street Journal reached out to Disney about several of PewDiePie's videos. In fact, that is the first thing you'll read in the article after the headline: "Move came after the Journal asked about videos in which he included anti-Semitic jokes or Nazi imagery."
I take no issue with the decision that Disney and Google made. They are businesses, and the people working there have every right to do what they feel is best for their businesses. Both businesses have the right to determine who they wish to partner with, support, or offer their services to. In fact, I don't take any issue with The Wall Street Journal seeking out comments from them. The videos were public, the platform was public, and the partnership was public. While I may personally feel that a number of examples provided were misrepresented, this isn't a hit piece on The Wall Street Journal. This is my personal condemnation of everything that followed.
I'm not going to stand here and tell you that the things PewDiePie said were offensive. I'm also not going to stand here and tell you that they weren't. Offense is an individual response based on a variety of different factors, including upbringing, lived experiences, and overall state of mind, and you are all intelligent enough to determine your own feelings without having some random ginger on a gaming website tell you why you're right or wrong.
What I am going to tell you is that the media has failed you.
"YouTube's Monster: PewDiePie and His Populist Revolt."
"Trump and PewDiePie are Using the Same Playbook."
"When did fascism become so cool? PewDiePie's antics are the thin end of the wedge."
"Is YouTube sensation PewDiePie really a Nazi? His intentions matter less than his effect."
"PewDiePie's Fall Shows the Limits of 'LOL JK.'"
These are some of the headlines that have surfaced this past week, both following The Wall Street Journal's report and following PewDiePie's response to the controversy. These are headlines designed specifically to evoke an emotional response prior to reading any of the words included. And they all say, basically, the same exact things. They say that he has made anti-semitic jokes. Some will say that racist groups support him, so that must mean what he said was racist. They tell you how much he makes, and what he makes it for. Some tell you he's worth condemning. And they tell you that the other shoe is currently dropping. They're provocative, and they're happening from the gaming press all the way up the ladder. They're also contributing to a culture of headline academics who consume information based off what is planted in their heads by 10-word headlines, devoid of context, and designed to compel as many clicks as possible by whatever means necessary.
We love ourselves a good controversy, and more than anything else, we love the smell of blood in the water. PewDiePie is not a defenseless nobody, he's a successful, controversial content creator who makes more in one year than I could ever dream of seeing in a single lifetime. That's made him, in the eyes of many, fair game. Except it isn't really "fair," is it?
One example provided was a December 8th video, in which PewDiePie talked about the ways he had been portrayed in the media, including claims that he is racist. "It will get them clicks. And who cares? Who cares if there's a real person behind it, right?" The video is entitled "I'm Racist?" featured the YouTube star reading comments and headlines written about him. At the end, the video briefly cut to black and then showed PewDiePie dressing in a military uniform and watching a Hitler video. The media description: that he "watched a Hitler video in a brown military uniform to conclude a Dec. 8 video," with no mention of what the 12 minute video leading up to that point was about. Was it a joke? Obviously. Was it stupid? No doubt. Do I blame Disney for not wanting to be associated with that? Hell no. But the media isn't a business partner. And we certainly don't have the right to omit important context in order to paint the picture we want painted.
Another example simply stated that he "posted swastikas drawn by his fans on Oct. 15." In that video, entitled "Stop Doing This," he was looking at various fan creations and commenting on them. These included several swastikas - and PewDiePie appeared to be laughing but somewhat frustrated by the appearance of the swastikas. "Do you know how many f*cking hoops we have to go through to make sure the game won't be censored because people will make sh*t like this?" he said of one of the fan-made swastika creations. "Oh for f*ck's sake," he said of another one before quickly passing over it. With all due respect, while "posted swastikas drawn by his fans" isn't exactly a lie, it is far from the truth. "100% of People Who Drink Water Will Die" is also a fact, although that statement is presented in a way to make you assume water is the cause of death, not that all of us will die anyway, regardless of water consumption.
The truth is, we are the old media. Attempting to give a black and white, written account of any of these videos proves challenging, as they are lengthy videos and conveying tone while simply quoting is nearly impossible. And yes, there were plenty of dumb, immature things - jokes or not - that PewDiePie did say and do in his videos. However, it's our responsibility to share news, or even form opinions, based on all available information, not based on seven seconds of carefully selected questionable content at the expense of everything that led to it.
There's this idea that attacking an individual's character is more than acceptable - it's justified - once it's been determined that that person is of questionable character based on minimal information often removed from context in order to maximize the shock factor at a glance. There are even some who believe it's their responsibility to do so, given their platforms. So they boot up their computers and type away, offering superficial opinions on the character of a person they'll likely never meet. Most won't reach out for a comment. If they do and the person doesn't respond, they'll attack. If the person does respond, they'll attack the response. Because the truth is, people have made up their minds before receiving all of the information and are unlikely to be swayed.
But is that really what we want our mark on the world to be? Dedicating a full week to deciding something about someone based on a handful of out-of-context snippets? I'm by no means a fan of PewDiePie's - he's sort of the slapstick comedy of YouTube, good for a few laughs but relatively short on the substance that would keep me interested. But you know what? It works for him. I'm sorry if I don't see that as a good enough excuse for those of us in the media to throw our collective integrity in the garbage for a few easy clicks.
Oh wait, no I'm not.
Juan Pablo Montoya uses all of the racetrack and then some in Turn 6 during an IndyCar Series test at Road America in Elkhart Lake on Sept. 22, 2015. (Photo: Journal Sentinel files)
ELKHART LAKE – Road America is preparing for one of its biggest and most eagerly-anticipated races of the year this weekend, when IndyCar returns to the storied venue for the first time in nearly a decade.
Track officials say ticket sales have been robust since the Verizon IndyCar series race was announced a year ago, and they're expecting attendance over the four-day event to approach 100,000 people.
That would put it on par with IndyCar's heyday at Road America, which hosted the CART and Champ Car series from 1982 to 2007 and drew the likes of Mario Andretti, Michael Andretti and Emerson Fittipaldi.
“The fans are ecstatic about it,” said John Ewert, communications director with Road America. “We're expecting an impressive crowd.”
The event, which runs June 23-26, features a dozen races, culminating with Sunday's Kohler Grand Prix. Along with the IndyCar Series, all three levels of the Mazda Road to Indy will compete.
All of Elkhart Lake's 385 lodging rooms were sold out heading into the weekend, and tourism officials were expecting a sell-out countywide as well.
“This is a big one,” said Kathleen Eickhoff, Elkhart Lake's tourism director. “People are very excited to have IndyCar back in Elkhart Lake.”
RELATED STORY: Rahal ready for return to Road America
Area restaurants and retailers also expect to see a bump in business over the weekend and plan to have extra staff on hand.
At Marshall's One-Stop convenience store in Elkhart Lake, store manager Deb Koch said sales triple on big race weekends such as this one. One reason is the large number of race fans who camp at Road America for the weekend and visit the store for supplies.
“We're trying to be an all-around grocery for them,” said Koch, who will log a 60-hour work week at the One-Stop and at the Marshall's Gateway convenience store in Glenbeulah, which also sees a spike in traffic from the race.
Eickhoff said races of this stature have long-term benefits too, as many spectators will return to Elkhart Lake for vacation. Sunday's Kohler Grand Prix will also bring TV exposure, as it will be broadcast by the NBC Sports Network beginning at 11:30 a.m.
“That day visitor oftentimes can become a future overnight visitor,” Eickhoff said.
Ewert said a majority of ticket buyers are coming from the Sheboygan, Milwaukee and Green Bay markets, though the race is proving to be a big draw for fans from Indiana, Illinois and other Midwestern states.
Much of that excitement comes from IndyCar fans who last visited the fabled 4-mile road course many years ago for the CART and Champ Car races, which were a huge draw, and have been waiting for open-wheel racing to return ever since.
“We have grandparents bringing their grand-kids for the first time because they remember the days of open-wheel racing here,” Ewert said. “The excitement of fans is incredible. They're counting the days.”
Josh Lintereur: Contact at 920-453-5147, jlintereur@gannett.com; follow on Twitter @joshlintereur.
Read or Share this story: http://shebpr.es/28LKZwo
For inflation adjustment of certain items in this section, see Revenue Procedures listed in a table under section 1 of this title .
The date of the enactment of the Taxpayer Relief Act of 1997 , referred to in subsec. (d)(2), is the date of enactment of Pub. L. 105–34 , which was approved .
Amendments
2017—Subsec. (b)(2)(C)(i). Pub. L. 115–97, § 13305(b)(1), struck out “199,” after “and sections”.
Subsec. (f)(1)(B). Pub. L. 115–97, § 11002(d)(1)(U), substituted “for ‘calendar year 2016' in subparagraph (A)(ii)” for “for ‘calendar year 1992' in subparagraph (B)”.
2014—Subsec. (b)(1). Pub. L. 113–295 substituted “shall not exceed $2,500.” for “shall not exceed the amount determined in accordance with the following table:” and table of amounts for taxable years 1998 to 2001 and thereafter.
2005—Subsec. (d)(2). Pub. L. 109–135 substituted “the Taxpayer Relief Act of 1997” for “this Act”.
2004—Subsec. (b)(2)(C)(i). Pub. L. 108–357 inserted “199,” before “222”.
Subsec. (d)(4). Pub. L. 108–311, § 207(20), inserted “(determined without regard to subsections (b)(1), (b)(2), and (d)(1)(B) thereof)” after “section 152”.
Subsec. (f)(1). Pub. L. 108–311, § 408(b)(5), amended directory language of Pub. L. 107–16, § 412(b)(2). See 2001 Amendment note below.
2001—Subsec. (b)(2)(B)(i), (ii). Pub. L. 107–16, § 412(b)(1), amended cls. (i) and (ii) generally. Prior to amendment, cls. (i) and (ii) read as follows:
“(i) the excess of—
“(I) the taxpayer's modified adjusted gross income for such taxable year, over
“(II) $40,000 ($60,000 in the case of a joint return), bears to
“(ii) $15,000.”
Subsec. (b)(2)(C)(i). Pub. L. 107–16, § 431(c)(2), inserted “222,” before “911”.
Subsec. (d). Pub. L. 107–16, § 412(a)(1), redesignated subsec. (e) as (d), and struck out heading and text of former subsec. (d). Text read as follows: “A deduction shall be allowed under this section only with respect to interest paid on any qualified education loan during the first 60 months (whether or not consecutive) in which interest payments are required. For purposes of this paragraph, any loan and all refinancings of such loan shall be treated as 1 loan. Such 60 months shall be determined in the manner prescribed by the Secretary in the case of multiple loans which are refinanced by, or serviced as, a single loan and in the case of loans incurred before the date of the enactment of this section.”
Subsec. (e). Pub. L. 107–16, § 412(a)(1), redesignated subsec. (f) as (e). Former subsec. (e) redesignated (d).
Subsec. (e)(2)(A). Pub. L. 107–16, § 402(b)(2)(B), inserted “529,” after “135,”.
Subsec. (f). Pub. L. 107–16, § 412(a)(1), redesignated subsec. (g) as (f). Former subsec. (f) redesignated (e).
Subsec. (f)(1). Pub. L. 107–16, § 412(b)(2), as amended by Pub. L. 108–311, § 408(b)(5), substituted “$50,000 and $100,000 amounts” for “$40,000 and $60,000 amounts”.
Subsec. (g). Pub. L. 107–16, § 412(a)(1), redesignated subsec. (g) as (f).
1998—Subsec. (b)(2)(C). Pub. L. 105–277, § 4003(a)(2)(A)(iii), struck out concluding provisions which read as follows: “For purposes of sections 86, 135, 137, 219, and 469, adjusted gross income shall be determined without regard to the deduction allowed under this section.”
Subsec. (b)(2)(C)(i). Pub. L. 105–277, § 4003(a)(2)(A)(i), struck out “135, 137,” after “sections”.
Subsec. (b)(2)(C)(ii). Pub. L. 105–277, § 4003(a)(2)(A)(ii), inserted “135, 137,” after “sections 86,”.
Subsec. (d). Pub. L. 105–206, § 6004(b)(2), inserted at end “Such 60 months shall be determined in the manner prescribed by the Secretary in the case of multiple loans which are refinanced by, or serviced as, a single loan and in the case of loans incurred before the date of the enactment of this section.”
Subsec. (e)(1). Pub. L. 105–277, § 4003(a)(3), inserted before period at end “or to any person by reason of a loan under any qualified employer plan (as defined in section 72(p)(4)) or under any contract referred to in section 72(p)(5)”.
Pub. L. 105–206, § 6004(b)(1), inserted “by the taxpayer solely” after “incurred” in introductory provisions.
The Enid, Oklahoma, newspaper, the News & Eagle, located in the heart of a GOP-heavy county inside a GOP-dominated state in a GOP-led part of the country, this year endorsed Hillary Clinton for president.
“I hope people can respect that we're entitled to our opinion, too, and that that can be different from news,” said Rob Collins the executive editor.
Jeff L. Funk, the publisher, “supplied notes that formed the basis for the Clinton endorsement,” which was influenced by its corporate owner, Community Newspaper Holdings Inc., according to the New York Times, which reported on the situation.
“It was our decision at the corporate level, which of course was made known to all of our papers, that Donald Trump did not meet our company and journalism values, particularly as they related to the First Amendment,” Bill Ketter, vice president, told the Times.
Now the people are expressing their opinion.
The paper, with a circulation of 10,000, has lost 162 subscribers already – and 11 advertisers have withdrawn their business from the publication, “including a funeral home that had a sizable account,” the Times reported.
And many more have wanted to leave the newspaper.
Sign the precedent-setting petition supporting Trump's call for an independent prosecutor to investigate Hillary Clinton!
“I talked a lot of people off the ledge,” said Collins. “People knew my dad or know my mom and know my family here. A lot of people who were angry called expecting me to argue right back with them. Really, the only time I would raise my voice is when I would get cursed at or yelled at, which I don't really like.”
Its political choice has left the newspaper in damage control mode.
“One reader who stopped taking the paper said it was still trying to woo him back by delivering an occasional copy to his doorstep,” the Times said.
Other reactions from readers haven't always been polite.
The Times reported someone attached a “Crooked Hillary” bumper sticker to the newspaper office doors, and a late-night message on voice mail expressed hope “that readers would deliver, to put it delicately, a burning sack of steaming excrement to the paper.”
Funk, after the decision at and instructions from corporate headquarters in Alabama, out of which newspapers and websites in 23 states are operated, assembled notes and Collins served as the primary author of the Clinton endorsement.
A few other conservative state newspapers made the same endorsement, but in those places the dispute seems to have blown over, with Trump's election night victory.
Not in Enid.
The Times reported that the community outrage continues to percolate.
“One Sunday after church, Jeff Mullin and his wife were in line at the Western Sizzlin steakhouse … when a man, fists clenched, threatened to beat the hell out of him,” the report said.
Mullin said, “My first thought was just to kind of try to keep things calm. Otherwise, it was going to be two old guys rolling around on the floor of the steakhouse, and that would be pretty unseemly.”
The newspaper had blasted Trump, describing him as lacking “the skills, experience or temperament to hold office,” and it was the “first Democratic endorsement for president in the modern history of the newspaper, which was founded in 1893,” the Times said.
The actual endorsement admitted Clinton has problems, but it said she should be supported anyway.
“We have policy disagreements with Clinton, but she is competent and capable of handling the incredible responsibility of being our nation's commander in chief and leader of the free world. She has a record of public service as a senator, secretary of state and first lady. She has the temperament and experience to be president,” the newspaper said.
“Clinton is not without fault. She mishandled the controversy over her private email server while secretary of state, as well as her initial statements on the terrorist raid on the U.S. post in Benghazi. She should have put a firewall between the Clinton Foundation and her office to avoid the perception of donors buying access. However, her flaws pale in comparison with the irresponsible conduct demonstrated by Trump during the campaign. For several critical reasons, we believe he is unfit to be president.”
The newspaper cited Trump's comments about a Gold Star family, Muslims, women, foreign trade agreements, federal income taxes and more, all issues on which the legacy media in the country blasted Trump.
The Enid paper said, “Traditionally, the Enid News & Eagle endorses Republicans for president. This newspaper supports conservative values such as less intrusive government, energy independence, fiscal responsibility, free enterprise, prioritization of national defense and more local control in our schools, businesses and lives.
“On those policies, we find areas of agreement and disagreement with Clinton. But we don't elect policies, we elect people, and the person we need to elect is Hillary Clinton.
“Ours is not the only conservative newspaper editorial board with a tradition of supporting GOP candidates to now endorse Clinton. The Arizona Republic, Cincinnati Enquirer, Dallas Morning News, Houston Chronicle and San Diego Union-Tribune have endorsed her, as well.”
Reported the Times, “A retired businessman, Paul Allen, canceled his subscription over the newspaper's endorsement of Ms. Clinton. ‘It was sickening to me,' he said.”
And the report said former mayor Doug Frantz dropped out of this year's Pillar of the Plains events, which are sponsored by the paper.
“Emails, letters, phone calls and comments denouncing the endorsement have poured into the paper's website and Facebook page,” the Times reported.
Allen, described as a prominent resident who financed construction of a ballpark downtown, dropped his 43-year-old subscription.
“I just felt like it was kind of my duty almost. When I saw that headline, I was shocked. It was sickening to me,” he said.
In the Nov. 8 election, all 77 counties in Oklahoma voted for Trump.
Sign the precedent-setting petition supporting Trump's call for an independent prosecutor to investigate Hillary Clinton!
A 32-year-old Houston man is suing a stripper, claiming she never paid back a $2,000 loan or returned his laptop and Harry Potter DVDs. No, that's not an Onion headline.
Robert Wallace, a software developer, told My Fox Houston that he broke up with the stripper, Nomi Mims, earlier this month and decided to file the lawsuit after waiting a week for her to return the cash and items.
But Mims, who said she met Wallace at the Houston strip club Treasures last year and said they were never in a relationship despite Wallace's claims, told My Fox Houston that the money wasn't a loan.
“I don't believe in loans because I don't want to pay anybody back,” Mims said. “I've given him gifts, too. You know, I mean, how do I get my booty and boobs back?”
Wallace said the situation has caused him to rethink getting into another relationship with a stripper.
“I did kind of see it possibly ending this way,” he said.
Mims said Wallace isn't the first customer asking for a refund, adding that other patrons would follow her home and she's had to move twice and switch gyms and jobs.
“No refunds in the strip club. I've even had people come up in there asking can he get a dance and he'll pay me back next week,” she said. “We ain't got no layaway plans either.”
The case doesn't yet have a court date scheduled.
Woman falls into well at Staten Island's Neville-Tysen House 21 Gallery: Woman falls into well at Staten Island's Neville-Tysen House
STATEN ISLAND, N.Y. -- A woman who, just days ago, agreed to purchase the historic Neville-Tysen House in New Brighton was rushed to an area hospital today after the floor gave way in 200-year-old home and she fell down a 12-foot well.
Officials would not release information on her condition, but a source at the scene said she was in and out of consciousness.
She is believed to be in her 60s.
Emergency officials were summoned to the 806 Richmond Terrace property just after noon.
Officials on the scene said the well was 10-feet wide, 12-feet deep and made of stone. She fell to the bottom, they said.
Richmond Terrace was blocked off between Tysen Street and Clinton Avenue to accommodate the emergency response. Several helicopters hovered overhead.
The Landmarks Preservation Commission dated the house's construction to the pre-Revolutionary War era, but Staten Island historians believe it was built after 1776.
Judge Jacob Tysen (1773-1848) lived in the house from 1808 to 1835, and at the time, the residence was described as "one of the beauty spots of the North Shore."
But the historic property was described as being in "decrepit condition," and "not for the budget-minded or faint of heart," when it was on the market late last year with a $350,000 asking price.
NORRISTOWN — A Montgomery County jury today found Pennsylvania Attorney General Kathleen Kane guilty of all criminal charges against her including perjury, obstruction of justice and abuse of office in a decision likely to reverberate across the state's political and judicial circles.
The jury of six men and six women took just four and a half hours to render its verdict after the weeklong trial — at which Kane's defense offered no witness testimony, and told the jury that they should not trust two of her closest political confidants who testified against her.
According to Pennsylvania state law, Kane must resign as attorney general, but does not have to do so until sentencing. Her lawyers said the issue of when to resign will be addressed within the next several days, and they've already laid the groundwork for an appeal. Kane was convicted on two felony counts of perjury and could face years behind bars and thousands of dollars in fines.
Kane will remain free on bail, but Montgomery County Judge Wendy Demchick-Alloy required Kane surrender her passport and made it a condition of Kane's bail that she cannot retaliate against anyone involved in the case against her. Demchick-Alloy told Kane: “If it comes to this court's attention that there is any kind of retaliation from you… you are incarcerated immediately as a result of a bail condition violation.”
Prosecutors in Montgomery County said Kane, once a rising star in the Democratic party tied to Bill and Hillary Clinton, lied about leaking secret grand jury documents to the Philadelphia Daily News to exact revenge on a former Office of the Attorney General employee she was feuding with.
Montgomery County District Attorney Kevin Steele said Kane started a “war,” adding that “wars have casualties. Wars leave scars.” Meanwhile, her defense attorneys pinned the leak on two former aides who testified against her.
This started in March 2014 when Kane apparently thought attorney Frank Fina planted a story in the Philadelphia Inquirer that detailed a sting operation shut down by Kane that would have ensnared six Philadelphia Democrats. At the time, Kane said the case was unwinnable. Since then, District Attorney Seth Williams took over the case and has won five of six convictions.
But the Inquirer story proved to be Kane's first taste of bad press. And she reportedly thought Fina leaked that story to the Inky because she campaigned on the idea that she was going to investigate the Jerry Sandusky probe, which was headed up by Fina and co.
So, prosecutors alleged, she worked with two top confidants — a former first deputy attorney general and her ex-political consultant — to leak out documents related to an abandoned 2009 investigation that Fina was in charges of. That investigation looked into the finances of J. Whyatt Mondesire, the late former head of the Philadelphia NAACP. Mondesire was never charged with a crime.
In June 2014, Daily News reporter Chris Brennan authored a story outlining the investigation that was written largely off of two grand jury-related documents, being a memo about the abandoned investigation and a transcript between two agents discussing why the investigation wasn't pursued.
The star witness for the Montgomery County District Attorney's office was Josh Morrow, the former political consultant who detailed his close friendship with Kane and admitted to being the source for the story Brennan authored.
Morrow testified that in April 2014, he got a call from Kane telling him that her first deputy Adrian King had some documents to leak to a friendly reporter. The next morning, Morrow said, he picked up the memo and the transcript from King's home. Several weeks later he gave the paperwork to Brennan.
The night before Morrow picked up the documents from King, he made a call to a friend to ask for advice, and though Morrow didn't know it, that call was being tapped by the FBI in an unrelated investigation.
“So Kathleen called me today… and was like Adrian [King] has documents for you to leak out,” Morrow said over the phone, continuing: “and all this bullshit about Frank Fina shutting down a Jerry Mondesire investigation.”
Between then and when the story eventually ran in June, Kane and Morrow also exchanged a series of text messages presented by prosecutors.
At the beginning of May 2014 after Morrow had already passed the Mondesire documents to Brennan, he and Kane texted about “revenge” and, during that conversation, Morrow texted Kane, “time for Frank to feel the heat.”
Later that month, Kane texted Morrow “Where's my story?” The two also texted on June 5, the day before the story ran, about how it would be “a bad day for Corbett and company.” Fina worked under former Gov. and then-Attorney General Tom Corbett.
But Kane's team of defense attorneys put the onus on Morrow and King, saying Kane wanted the public to know about the Mondesire investigation but didn't authorize the leaking of secret grand jury documents.
They backed that up by pointing out that Isaiah Thompson, a former reporter with the now-defunct Axis Philly, was asking the Office of the Attorney General a question about the investigation into Mondesire before the alleged leak out of Kane's office took place.
Her defense attorney Seth Farber said during his closing argument that Kane wanted the public to know the Mondesire investigation was shut down by her predecessors and not her. So, they said, she enlisted Morrow to communicate that with members of the press because the attorney general's press office was “dismantled” at the time.
In May 2014, Fina, who had begun work at the Philadelphia Office of the District Attorney, found out the Daily News was working on a story about the Mondesire investigation. So Fina and Marc Costanzo, another attorney with whom Fina worked closely, went to Montgomery County Judge William Carpenter to ask him to open a grand jury investigation into where the leak came from.
Prosecutors in Montgomery County say Kane lied on multiple occasions when she testified before the grand jury, including when she said she had “never” seen the 2009 memo that was leaked to the Daily News and that she hadn't signed secrecy oaths related to the Mondesire grand jury investigation.
In fact, as a notary testified, Kane had signed such secrecy oaths. They were seized by investigators and served as the basis for additional perjury charges filed against Kane.
Kane's term ends in January and she's currently operating under a suspended law license.
PATNA: RJD president Lalu Prasad on Sunday took a jibe at PM Narendra Modi for his failure to check the rising prices of onions. Onions are being sold at Rs 70-80 a kg in most parts of Bihar including the markets of state capital.Describing Modi as “56-inch Waale' Lalu also dared the PM to bring back black money stashed abroad if he had guts to do so. “You don't have capability either to check black-marketing of onions or arrest the hoarders, but you make tall claims about bringing back black money from abroad. ‘Arre, Kahan Hai 56 inch waale' (Where is the person with 56 inch chest?), Lalu said in a message on Twitter.Reminding Modi of his promises about black money made during the electioneering for 2014 Lok Sabha elections, Lalu said, “When your government is not able to arrest onion hoarders, how can you bring back black money from foreign countries?”Posting an old picture of August 2013 showing the then Delhi BJP chief Vijay Goel selling onions to lodge symbolic protest against the then Delhi Government's failure in checking onion prices, Lalu wrote in the photo caption, “Double standards of Jumla Party.”Later, talking to reporters RJD chief recalled that the BJP leaders led by Vijay Goel had in August 2013 launched a campaign by selling onion at lower prices in New Delhi to protest the then Congress government's failure to check the onion prices. “But, today these BJP leaders are silent. Why are they not protesting today when the NDA government led by Modi has miserably failed in checking onion prices?” Lalu asked.In another tweet, Lalu quipped, “Why the value of Indian rupee is degrading and depreciating as low as the value of PM.”
The Queensland CCC is ignoring the big question: why are councillors such targets for corruption, writes Dr Cameron Murray.
ON FRIDAY, 28 April 2017, I am appearing at Queensland's Crime and Corruption Commission's Operation Belcarra as an expert witness on relationships between councillors and property developers, and how that leads to favouritism.
A narrow focus
What is interesting from my perspective is how narrow the focus of the inquiry really is.
Note the main objectives from the Inquiry's 'Terms of Reference' (highlighted in the red box below):
(Image screenshot ccc.qld.gov.au)
Notice that the inquiry is focussed on narrow technical matters concerning laws about donations, disclosure, candidates negotiating in groups, personal material interests, and so forth.
The important question
The big question is missed: Why are councillors such attractive targets for corruption?
After all, I'm not being seduced by vested interests every day. I don't have hundreds of thousands of dollars placed in my bank account from people I apparently don't know.
The reason that councillors do is that they have "grey gifts" to offer. That is, they get to decide who wins and who loses in a multi-billion dollar game of land rezoning and town planning. I've estimated that the value given away in Queensland from such decisions by councils and the State government to be about $2.3 billion per year (read about it my book).
No wonder councillors are attractive to vested interests. Unlike me, they can make decisions worth billions to others, but that cost them nothing!
A post synopsis about Day One of the CCC public hearing I wrote for Independent Australia. Feel free to share. https://t.co/CzyOa3YsIY — Penny Toland (@PennyToland) April 21, 2017
A proposal
In the early 17th century, the metaphysician Robert Fludd pictured the interior of the brain as containing an eye in the same position as the imaginative soul. He labeled this organ the "oculus imaginationis" and pictured it radiating a tableau of thought-pictures or phantasmata, which are then projected on to a screen in a perceived space beyond the back of the head.
If such phantasmata could be photographed, what would they look like? Strange as it may seem, such "thought" photographs do exist, and a selection of them are on display in an exhibition through March 27 at the Albin O. Kuhn Library and Gallery at the University of Maryland-Baltimore County.
"Psychic Projections/Photographic Impressions: Paranormal Photographs from the Jule Eisenbud Collection on Ted Serios" features a series of images produced by Theodore Judd Serios (1918-2006), a bellhop from Chicago who appeared to possess a genuinely uncanny ability. By holding a Polaroid camera and focusing on the lens very intently, he was able to produce dreamlike pictures of his thoughts on the film; he referred to these images as "thoughtographs," and many striking examples are on display in the exhibition.
The images are contextualized by a selection of notes and letters written by Serios's chief supporter, defender, champion, and sometime minder, a psychiatrist named Jule Eisenbud. Eisenbud (1908-99) was a clinical professor of psychiatry at the University of Colorado Medical School and a charter member of the Parapsychological Association; he wrote numerous articles on psychiatry and psychoanalysis based on his experiments with telepathy. However, his best-known (and only commercially successful) book was The World of Ted Serios: "Thoughtographic" Studies of an Extraordinary Mind (1967).
In this book, Eisenbud describes how he worked with Serios. Their method varied considerably, but it turned out that Serios was able to produce images using various kinds of cameras and in many different situations, sometimes under quite stringent test conditions. Most often, however, the two men would get no results at all. At other times they would get what Serios called "blackies," in which the film would look as though it had not been exposed at all, or "whities," in which the film would appear overexposed. In a few rare cases, however, bizarre images would emerge, perhaps in a fuzzy circle of light or a ghostly shape. Sometimes they would be quite clear, particularly when Serios was attempting to produce the image of a specific physical monument or building. Still, even the clearest images had an uncanny texture and quality. On occasion, volunteers were asked to attend the experiment with a photograph sealed in a cardboard-backed manila envelope; Serios then managed to reproduce the image with no prior knowledge of it.
Eisenbud, who says he began as a skeptic, gradually became convinced that Serios had a genuine psychic gift, even though he was in many regards erratic and demanding, a heavy drinker who produced the most vivid and compelling of his thoughtographs when drunk. For Serios, alcohol seemed to open up the doors of psychic perception, but it caused a great deal of trouble for Eisenbud, who recounts how his prodigy would frequently disappear, only to call from jail a few days later asking the doctor to bail him out. "Ted Serios," wrote Eisenbud, "exhibits a behavior pathology with many character disorders. He does not abide by the laws and customs of our society. He ignores social amenities and has been arrested many times."
The exhibition at UMBC includes approximately 60 frames holding multiple examples of original Serios thoughtographs, along with a selection of enlarged photographic prints from the originals. There are also some short films on display showing Serios in action—one taken at a television studio in Denver, and one showing him attempting to project thoughtographic images on the film in a video camera. There is also a short film of Eisenbud debating aspects of the Serios phenomenon with detractors, and another showing the observations of various faculty members from the University of Denver who witnessed experimental sessions with Serios. One of the Polaroid Land cameras used in the experiments with Serios is also on display.
Advertisement
The question most people will have about thoughtographs is whether they are fraudulent, and part of the exhibit addresses criticisms of the phenomenon. Suspicions were certainly aroused by the fact that Serios preferred to take his thoughtographs with the aid of what he referred to as a "gizmo"—something connecting his body to the camera. Normally, he used a small section of tubing fitted with a piece of photo squeegee, or a rolled-up piece of plastic from the Polaroid wrapper.
Critics claimed Serios may have used the "gizmo" to conceal a small marble with a photograph attached to it, or a piece of previously exposed film. There were occasions, however, on which Serios did not hold the camera or the "gizmo," both of which were in the hands of an investigator. He could produce an image on a camera that was some distance away from him (as far as 66 feet in one instance), and he even produced images when the camera was in another room altogether. He submitted to being strip-searched and even—on one occasion—was dressed in a rubber suit to rule out any photographic trick using magnetism. While many people, including Eisenbud himself, have produced similar images using gimmick lenses and transparencies, no one has been able to do so in an undetectable fashion.
Yet to my mind, the Ted Serios phenomenon goes beyond the notion of "real versus fake," providing insights into the relationships among photography, subjectivity, representation, and the unconscious. If the contents of the unconscious could be photographed, would they resemble ordinary photographs, or would they be confusing and inaccessible? Would they contain images of composite individuals, like the characters in dreams? Might they contain images that are censored or disguised, and if so, how would we recognize them?
What is most striking about the Serios thoughtographs is the power of their imagery as a manifestation of the creative process. In these strange pictures, real objects or places appear to have merged with (or been altered by) the material of Serios's unconscious. Some of them juxtapose target images (of familiar buildings, monuments, houses, and hotels) with what appear to be images of day residue, haunting shadows of unfamiliar forms and structures. Others seem to incorporate both past and future events in an odd, shadowy collage. On one occasion, for example, the target image appeared superimposed on a second image that resembled the space probe Voyager 2. After the session, Serios, a space buff, confessed that he had been preoccupied with the progress of the space mission at the time and was unable to clear it completely from his mind.
Other images could have been obtained only as a result of knowledge or perspectives unavailable at the time. For example, after seeing magazine photographs taken from Voyager 2 of Ganymede, a moon of Jupiter, Eisenbud suddenly recognized some of Serios's previously unidentified thoughtographs as images of the moons of Jupiter. That made sense, as Serios had long been obsessed with Voyager 2; what did not make sense, however, was that those thoughtographs had been produced years before the Voyager 2 pictures were taken. He also occasionally produced pictures that would be possible only from a midair perspective, including an exposure showing part of Westminster Abbey, and an image of a Hilton hotel in Denver.
In some ways, the Serios images make a fascinating visual analogy with the contents of the unconscious. Experiments in telepathy have shown that it is often precisely what someone does not think of transmitting that is transmitted most clearly. This is the case in many of these images, which contain parts rather than the whole, or elements distorted enough to be barely recognizable. Sometimes they seem to contain "leakage" from unconscious wishes and expectations—not only those of Serios but also those of the observers who happened to be present in the room at the time. Emotionally powerful material is particularly liable to emerge in telepathy, as well as repressed thoughts and memories. Although Serios was working with photography, it has often been pointed out that the unconscious deals with symbolic representations rather than photographic likenesses, which may explain why the images he produced were rarely "accurate" reproductions, but often slipped from the central image to a fringe element, from the essential to the accidental.
One of the most fascinating and disturbing aspects of these thoughtographs is the way they appear to merge the individual "inner" and the collective "outer" world exactly in the manner suggested by the phenomenon of thought transference. That is, in part, what makes them so eerie—the way they superimpose a private psychic reality on a world outside the boundaries of the individual ego. Following the clues in the Serios thoughtographs leads us from the everyday to the bizarre and the ineffable, confusing matter, space, form, motion, and time. Yet in every image, however opaque, an uncanny trace of the everyday is retained.
Feminism has enjoyed a resurgence in recent years with high-profile celebrities including Emma Watson, Miley Cyrus and Hillary Clinton pledging their allegiance to the women's rights movement.
However, many women from around the world have aired their frustration on the subject of equality on secret-sharing app Whisper.
Thanks to the anonymous nature of the site, many females felt confident enough to reveal their true feelings on the sisterhood act.
Scroll down for video
One user took to secret-sharing app Whisper to say there were 'not a feminist' as they 'don't believe in man hating'
Without censorship, frank confessions varied from people slamming what they believe to be feminists' hygiene habits and compared their views to extremism.
One outraged user cited 'man hating' and 'gross hairy armpits' as reasons for not supporting the cause: 'I'm not a feminist because I don't believe in man hating and having gross hairy armpits and bad hygiene. I believe we should be respected no matter what gender. Without both we all wouldn't be here.'
Many women touched on the fact that they didn't feel comfortable calling themselves a feminist as they enjoy living off their partner's money, being treated 'like a lady' and aspiring to play the role of a stereotypical housewife.
'I'm not a feminist because I would be perfectly content not working and living off a rich spouse's money, as bad as that sounds,' one user wrote.
A former feminist said she no longer follows the cause as 'radical feminists' have 'destroyed' the 'true meaning'
Another opinionated contributor added: 'I'm not a feminist. I've never felt oppressed as a woman, on the contrary I've gotten many perks for being female. I DON'T want to be treated like a man, but like a lady.'
Agreeing with fellow participants, a woman replied: 'I'm not a feminist, I plan on getting married being a virgin, I will cook and clean for my husband, and I am a Christian. If you really have a problem with that then hey just don't talk to me.'
'I don't like "feminism" because it makes people see women in an ugly light, besides feminists think I'm stupid because I would love the traditional role of mother/wife,' another added.
One woman admitted that she would feel 'perfectly content' to give up her career and live off her partner's wages
Opinionated views mentioned being treated 'like a lady' and wanting to live by traditional female stereotypes
One woman wrote on Whisper that the word 'feminism' makes people see women in an 'ugly light'
Whisper is an online community that allows anonymous users to share and comment on each other's secrets, allowing individuals to air their emotions without any fear of retribution.
Many women focused on the rift between male and females they believe feminism can cause.
'The truth is I totally support gender equality but I would never call myself a feminist because they are way too extremist and I don't want to be associated with the actions of most feminists,' said one user.
Another who is in favour of 'gender equality', added: 'I hate feminism as it hurts gender equality by constantly highlighting the differences between men and women.'
One honest user said she would not call herself a feminist as they are too 'extremist' but she does support 'gender equality'
One contributor said she feminism constantly highlights the 'differences between men and women'
'I no longer label myself as a feminist just because of the radical feminists that completely destroyed the word's true meaning,' said another.
One vocal woman went as far to call the equal rights drive 'gross', saying: 'Feminism is gross. Mainly because most feminists are huge assholes to men. Not all men are monsters. I refuse to be a feminist. I am an equalist!'
Harry Potter actress Emma Watson told Vogue that she is a feminist but believed the 'romance' of the movement had been 'taken away a bit for my generation'.
Speaking to Elle, hit maker Miley Cyrus said she wants 'equality for everybody' while US president candidate Hillary Clinton revealed how she defied the stereotypical female role of staying at home to 'bake cookies' in favour of striving for a career.
One user described the women's rights movement as 'gross', left, while another believes that women and men are 'already equal', right
One woman contributing to the online community said she has 'bigger things to worry about' than feminism
Some Whisper users said they don't believe in the feminist movement because they see the sexes as 'already equal' or they have more important things to worry about.
'I'm not a feminist because I think women and men are already equal and I can't say this to people because they think I hate women. I love women I just don't think anyone deserves special treatment,' said one.
Another added, 'I'm a girl and I don't understand why everyone is freaking out about the fact that I'm not a feminist. I just don't exactly worry about women's rights right now. I have bigger things to worry about...'
While some women are keen for men to be gentlemanly towards them saying, 'I'm a girl, yet I hate feminism. I think demanding equality and yet still expecting chivalry is wrong. You can have one or the other.'
Others just want everyone to be treated the same, saying, 'I don't consider myself a feminist but I wish more men would treat me like a human and not a stereotype.'
One woman believes you cannot 'demand equality' and then expect 'chivalry' from men
"We haven't worked out just how much it could produce but I image the street value would be many, many millions of dollars." Chief Police Officer Lammers said the discovery of the drug lab and the arrest of Mr Hou was directly linked to Taskforce Nemesis, which is dedicated to investigating outlaw motorcycle links and organised crime in the ACT.
"It is significant that Taskforce Nemesis detectives are the people who executed the warrant on the place in Hume and later arrested and charged the man from Lyneham," he said. Mr Hou faced court on Wednesday morning charged with one count of manufacturing a large quantity of controlled precursors and for the manufacture and sale of drugs. Wearing a collared shirt and jumper, he did not apply for bail when he appeared in the ACT Magistrates Court and did not speak during his brief appearance.
He will remain behind bars until he next faces court on Monday, when his defence lawyer Kamy Saeedi indicated he would apply for bail. Mr Hou waved to two supporters in the back of the court as police led him from the courtroom. Extensive road closures were put in place around the laboratory and businesses were evacuated while police and hazardous materials teams assessed the scene. Chief Police Officer Lammers said the road closures and the establishment of an exclusion zone had been a necessary precaution.
"Our experience with clan-labs in different states and territories in Australia is that they are very volatile and very dangerous," he said. "Given the scale and amount of chemicals inside, the potential for danger in the area was quite significant." The area was locked down over Tuesday night. The drug bust came after a six month investigation into reports of hazardous material and fumes being released into the air near the Hume location. ACT WorkSafe commissioner Mark McCabe said the source of the fumes had been unknown until the investigation reached a head in recent days.
"That investigation culminated in a visit to a property [on Tuesday] that was suspected to be the source of the hazardous material," he said. "Worksafe attended the location with AFP and some material was discovered on site." The drug laboratory appeared to be located in a warehouse off the main road, rather than in one of the buildings facing onto Sheppard Street. Once authorities were alerted to the discovery, ACT Policing established two road closures at either end of Sheppard Street and on the Monaro Highway, with traffic being turned back by officers in both directions. As well as police, members of ACT Fire and Rescue and a Hazmat team also attended the scene. The operation caused traffic chaos on Monaro Highway during the afternoon, with police blockades leaving bumper to bumper traffic in both directions early on Tuesday afternoon.
While Monaro Highway was reopened for traffic about 4.10pm, Sheppard Street in Hume remained closed until about 6pm, with some workers and residents unable to return due to the road closures. One Hume resident said she had been allowed to return to her home about 6.15pm, after Sheppard Street was reopened. "I was just saying to my partner it's a good thing we decided to move because it's not really the sort of thing we wanted to have here," she said. "That being said, it's an industrial zone. I reckon if you want to have a good place empty after hours and on weekends then it's a good place to be." Tianna Kuncic, who was at her gym on Sheppard Street on Tuesday afternoon when the bust occurred, said she noticed a lot of police activity on the street.
"There were two very big trucks, which looked like orange drug-testing buses, and heaps of people pulling up outside my gym," she said. "Then a guy walked out from his business and said there'd been a drug lab found."
Bayram Tutumlu was in Qatar a few days ago on business relating to Michael Laudrup, the coach he has represented for many years. Whilst in the Middle East, he had the chance to meet many important figures involved in Qatari football - figures who claim that Xavi Hernández will play there next season.
"They assured me that he has received an offer to play for three seasons earning a net figure of €8.3 million for each one. I was even told that a contract had been signed, although I didn't actually see it," Tutumlu said in a statement made to MARCA.
The most curious thing of all is the person behind the deal. "The deal has been done by Pini Zahavi and a company called Sport One Middle East, which boasts Abdallah Lemsagam as one of its agents. Although Joan Laporta and Alejandro Echevarría are also involved," Tutumlu claimed.
The agent was very critical of Laporta, with whom he was involved in a court case when he was still the Barcelona president: "It's a shame that Laporta is flying all over the world looking to make some money and a living." For some time now Alejandro Echevarría, former Barcelona director and Laporta's brother-in-law, has been one of the people closest to Xavi Hernández.
"I don't know if he's a businessman or football agent," Tutumlu said. Echevarría meanwhile told MARCA that he had no involvement whatsoever in the matter.
AI WEIWEI: NEVER SORRY is the first feature-length film about the internationally renowned Chinese artist and activist, Ai Weiwei. In recent years, Ai has garnered international attention as much for his ambitious artwork as his political provocations. AI WEIWEI: NEVER SORRY examines this complex intersection of artistic practice and social activism as seen through the life and art of China's preeminent contemporary artist. From 2008 to 2010, Beijing-based journalist and filmmaker Alison Klayman gained unprecedented access to Ai Weiwei. Klayman documented Ai's artistic process in preparation for major museum exhibitions, his intimate exchanges with family members and his increasingly public clashes with the Chinese government. Klayman's detailed portrait of the artist provides a nuanced exploration of contemporary China and one of its most compelling public figures. Written by MUSE Film and Television
The Chinese-Canadian film star in a racy scandal over photos that showed him in bed with eight of China's best-known actresses and singers testified against the person accused of accessing his private laptop, which held the images.
The scandal dominated Hong Kong headlines for weeks last year, and the Chinese government censured the country's top internet search engine for allegedly helping spread the photos of the stars apparently performing sex acts or in sexually suggestive poses.
We'll tell you what's true. You can form your own view. From 15p €0.18 $0.18 $0.27 a day, more exclusives, analysis and extras.
Edison Chen, the Vancouver-born star who moved to China as a teenager, testified in a British Columbia courtroom for the trial of Ho Chun Sze, which is taking place in Hong Kong. Sze faces three counts of obtaining access to a computer with illegal intent.
Chen refused to return to Hong Kong for the case but he agreed to a deposition in Canada. Hong Kong Chief Magistrate Tong Man flew to Vancouver to hear the evidence.
Canadian Department of Justice lawyer Kerry Swift said the testimony will become part of the case in Hong Kong. The Hong Kong judiciary is allowed to take testimony under a mutual legal assistance treaty and Chen's testimony will be presented in the Hong Kong case as a deposition.
"I'm quite a private person. I enjoy my privacy. I need my privacy," said Chen, star of a popular series of Hong Kong action films. "This was never meant for anyone else to see."
Police say the images were illegally copied from the laptop of Chen, who left show business after apologising for the scandal. Some of the pages hosting the photos at the time received more than 25 million hits, and the celebrity feeding frenzy crashed the web in Hong Kong.
Chen said the images were released in spurts.
"It was more of an attack, a well-planned attack in the way these images were released," he said.
Chen told the judges he would not answer questions about the women. "I am determined to protect their innocence," he said. "They have suffered enough."
A reluctant Chen was ordered by the Canadian judge to confirm the identities of some women in the pictures. They are actress Cecilia Pak-Chi Cheung, actor-singer Gillian Yan-Tung Chung, former actress Bobo Man-Yu Chan and model-actress Rachel Sze-Wing Ngan.
The series of photographs showing Chen in bed with eight of the country's best-known actresses and singers surfaced on the internet in January 2008. Chen said that the computer was taken for repairs in the summer of 2006. He said he thought he had deleted the images from the computer.
"That strongly led me to believe that there was some foul play in this computer store," he said.
Chen also testified that he noticed that a second laptop went missing when he was moving last year, but told the judge he did not disclose his password to anyone.
Then on 29 January 2008, he said his friends started contacting him about the images circulating on the internet.
"This was a very huge shock to me," Chen told the court.
A month later, a police inspector showed him a compact disk of photographs.
"Of course, I had seen these pictures. I took these pictures. They were in my personal computer," he said.
Chen called the theft of the photos an "invasion of privacy."
"Everything was consensual," he said.
Chen, a rap singer and star of a popular series of Hong Kong action films, apologised last year for the scandal and left the entertainment business, recently returning to his childhood home of British Columbia.
Dozens of Chinese-language and English-language photographers and media gathered at the Canadian court for Chen's appearance.
We'll tell you what's true. You can form your own view.
At The Independent, no one tells us what to write. That's why, in an era of political lies and Brexit bias, more readers are turning to an independent source. Subscribe from just 15p a day for extra exclusives, events and ebooks – all with no ads.
Subscribe now
Share this...
Tradeshows are important business events for all branches of industry. The mood at a trade show is often a good barometer of how business is doing in a particular branch.
Solar cemetery? The solar boom dies. (Photo source: US Government)
If times are tough, then one can expect to hear a bit of grumbling from those exhibiting at the trade show, but that's about it. So when a trade show is cancelled altogether just weeks before it is scheduled to begin, then you know things must be really bad.
This is preceisely what has just happened in the solar industry. Things for the “energy of the future”, solar energy, have gotten so bad that a major tradeshow, Intersolar China 2012, has just been cancelled. The tradeshow had been scheduled to take place from December 12 to 14 at the China Convention Center in Beijing. Now, according to www.pv-magazine.com, the event has been postponed until an unspecified date in 2013. PV magazine cites “difficult market conditions”.
With “difficult market conditions they are likely talking about the tsunami of insolvencies that has swept over the global solar business. A slew of large solar companies likely have cancelled their participation and so many of the exhibition stands would be empty. This is a major embarrassment for proponents of solar energy.
Other German media outlets are now reporting on the Interworld China debacle. Read here, here and here.
PV magazine writes:
Intersolar China opened its doors for the first time just last December in Beijing. Solar Promotion International's first Chinese tradeshow got off to a slow start, with just 135 of an expected 250 exhibitors showing up. Top-tier solar panel manufacturers like Yingli, Suntech and JA Solar also stood out by not being present at the show.”
Even Siemens Corporation unloads its solar business
Earlier this week, engineering giant Siemens Corporation announced it's bailing out of the solar biz as well. CO2 Handel writes:
Intersolar first began 20 years ago in Freiburg [Germany] and saw steady growth. […] Over the past several months a number of German manufacturers, among them former market leader Q-Cells, have declared insolvency. On Monday Siemens Corporation announced it would sell its solar business because it had failed to fulfil expectations.”
How many billions in stimulus packages were pumped in to prop up this industry? Now the bubble has popped and consumers are left with higher electric rates and a solar rust belt. In the meantime former solar executives are likely retired and living high on the hog, relaxing on diesel-fuel powered yachts – paid for by “stimulus” dollars.
This has got to be one of the biggest scams of all time.
Stuart Lancaster will not select “flash” individuals for next year's Rugby World Cup and has challenged England's players to pursue the high standards set by Jonny Wilkinson. The head coach has stressed he can no longer make allowances for erratic performers after announcing an autumn Test squad lacking Danny Cipriani, Chris Ashton, Freddie Burns and Ben Foden.
In theory the door will remain open for Cipriani and Ashton but Lancaster, having chosen Northampton's Stephen Myler and Bath's uncapped Semesa Rokoduguni instead, madeit clear he increasingly sees reliability as more valuable than the occasional moment of magic.
“To be the best it's not about the flash stuff,” he said. “It's actually about skill execution and doing everything at a very high level. If we take Jonny Wilkinson as the benchmark, he didn't get everything right all the time and it wasn't always flash but he was incredibly consistent. It's about backing up one standout game with another, not a standout game followed by a 7/10 performance. It needs to be 9/10.”
Lancaster also emphasised he had not picked Myler as his third fly-half behind Owen Farrell and George Ford on a whim. “Game management is one of the key things we look for in our fly-halves. An accurate kicking game, goal-kicking … Stephen Myler probably tops those stats. The message Danny and Freddie have both received is that everything is important. Consistency of skill execution, taking the ball to the line, goal-kicking, finding touch.
“Everything becomes part of your picture as a coach. Our players have to be very good at everything.”
Lancaster hinted that Brad Barritt and Kyle Eastmond would be England's starting centres against New Zealand at Twickenham on 8 November.
Chris Robshaw has been reappointed as England's captain for the QBE autumn series, with Lancaster suggesting the former Harlequins captain would be suitably motivated by people questioning his place in the team. “He is tough, he is resilient and he always responds to a challenge. That brings the best out of him, I think.”
The head coach warned England supporters not to underestimate Australia, who have confirmed Michael Cheika as their new coach on a three-year contract.
“He'll bring an intensity to the team that will make them formidable opponents in November,” Lancaster said. “We don't see them as being weakened … they are going to be very difficult to beat.”
• This article was amended on 24 October 2014. An earlier version referred to Chris Robshaw as “the Harlequins captain”.
The enthusiasm is palpable in Cumming ahead of the county's massive new 177,000 square foot jail right in the middle of historic downtown. Together with a new courthouse, the $100 million project promises to revitalize the city center into a vibrant, unique and welcoming space that will be the envy of north Georgia.
The Cumming-Forsyth Chamber along with city and county officials recently led a media walk-through of the project. From the jail to the 150,000 square foot courthouse and huge parking decks, the project transforms downtown Cumming into a criminal justice and municipal mecca. Nearly every block of the small city is consumed.
“We studied what places like Suwanee, Woodstock and Alpharetta have done with their downtowns,” said Chamber President James McCoy. “Ours promises to be different. We're justifiably proud of what Cumming has become. And the millennials will love it!”
“Of course the jail is the big draw,” said Forsyth Commission Chairman Pete Amos. “It's huge! We could have built it outside of town but why? I love it right here for everyone to admire. It's our masterpiece.”
Amos says the jail will draw people from all over. They'll come primarily to visit incarcerated relatives. Complementary businesses will pop up. Bail bondsmen and car impound lots are just a few the city hopes to welcome.
“And when they're out of the clink perhaps they'll stick around for lunch,” chuckled Amos.
The new buildings complement what's already downtown, namely the county administration building and Cumming City Hall. Commissioner Brian Tam notes an uptick in the number of disgruntled constituents making the trip to Cumming from south Forsyth.
“Our runaway growth and refusal to deny even a single zoning request creates tremendous demand for visitors to downtown Cumming,” said Tam. “They come to speak out at meetings but it's all for naught. They usually stick around to drown their sorrows in a beer.”
Rounding out the attractions downtown is a political dinosaur exhibit at Cumming City Hall. Visitors can get a glimpse of ancient specimens still living in their native habitat. Impropriety, impeachment proceedings and even forcible removal of video bloggers are part of the act showcasing good-old-boy politics at its finest.
But Cumming's crown jewel is still the mammoth jail. Built on a grand scale it's certain to handle Forsyth's burgeoning crime problem well into the future. Chamber officials, anticipating heightened interest, plan to start guided jail tours right away.
NEW YORK (Reuters) - Wall Street stocks suffered their worst day since June on Tuesday, slumping in a broad decline as geopolitical uncertainty rose over a possible U.S.-led military strike by the West against Syrian President Bashar al-Assad's forces.
The S&P 500 closed under its 100-day moving average for the first time since June 24, a sign of weak near-term momentum. The day's fall extended recent declines on uncertainty over when the U.S. Federal Reserve will start to slow its stimulative monetary policies.
Odds grew that a strike would occur against al-Assad's forces for a chemical weapons attack against civilians as a number of nations and groups - including Britain, France, Canada and the Arab League - joined Washington in urging a firm response to Assad. Adding to the tension, Russia has supported Assad Syria's civil war.
“This (stocks) move is as much about the potential spillover effect in the region as it is the potential for a U.S. strike,” said Leo Grohowski, chief investment officer at BNY Mellon Wealth Management, adding that because geopolitical risk had been “ratcheted up,” portfolios would need to be reallocated away from riskier investments like stocks.
“Doing that in a market that was already acting sloppy is cause for further weakness,” he said.
Investor nervousness was reflected in a jump of more than 20 percent in the CBOE volatility index .VIX over the last two days. The uncertainty also lifted gold to a 15-week peak.
Western sources who attended a meeting in Istanbul between envoys of an alliance opposed to Assad and the Syrian National Coalition said “action to deter further use of chemical weapons by the Assad regime could come as early as in the next few days.
Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel said U.S. military forces in the region are “ready to go” should President Barack Obama order action against Syria.
About 80 percent of companies traded on both the New York Stock Exchange and Nasdaq fell, while all 10 S&P 500 sectors ended down.
Financials .SPSY and materials were the weakest of the day, with both falling about 2.5 percent. Both groups are closely tied to the pace of economic growth, as are energy shares. However, losses in that group were offset by a 2.8 percent rise in crude oil.
“The potential disruption of Middle East oil supply will not only provide support for commodities, but this is a sector that has underperformed, where valuations are compelling,” said Grohowski, who helps oversee $175 billion in client assets in New York.
The Dow Jones industrial average .DJI was down 170.33 points, or 1.14 percent, at 14,776.13. The Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX was down 26.30 points, or 1.59 percent, at 1,630.48. The Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC was down 79.05 points, or 2.16 percent, at 3,578.52.
Tuesday marked the biggest daily decline for the S&P since June 20. The benchmark index is now down 2.9 percent in August, putting it on track for its worst month since May 2012.
Volume was light, with about 6.18 billion shares changing hands on the New York Stock Exchange, the Nasdaq and NYSE MKT, below the daily average of about 6.31 billion shares so far this year.
Goldman Sachs (GS.N) fell 3 percent to $153.23 a day after a source said the company lost tens of millions of dollars after a computer glitch led to a flood of erroneous options trades last week.
Shares of Tiffany & Co (TIF.N) dipped 1 percent to $80.82 after it reported second-quarter sales that missed expectations, although the jeweler raised its full-year profit view on strong results in China.
Traders work on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange August 27, 2013. REUTERS/Brendan McDermid
Goodyear Tire and Rubber Co (GT.O) rose 2 percent to $19.01 as the S&P's biggest gainer after the company detailed a new master labor contract.
U.S. regulators have asked Nasdaq OMX Group (NDAQ.O) and NYSE Euronext NYX.N to come up with a timeline of Thursday's three-hour trading disruption. But the rival exchange operators have been unable to agree on the details, according to several sources familiar with the situation.
Shares of Nasdaq OMX fell 2.3 percent to $29.94 while NYSE Euronext fell 1.2 percent to $41.81.
There was an email from the Scottish NaNoWriMo ML in my inbox this morning. I get them sporadically throughout the year, but they tend to increase in the lead up to November's writing marathon. This particular email reminded me there were only 82 days to go until this year's gets underway.
Why do I mention it? Because if you remember from my August GDR plan, one of my items was to plan out what final research required for Lennox novel in November, and while going back and forward on the bus to the EBF, the novel I am planning to write is maturing very well within my imagination.
I'm within three chapters of completing my reworking of Hunting Jack, and have to think and tread extra carefully from now on. I still have to go back and close a couple of continuity errors and there's a gaping whole with regards to copyright that will need fixing, but it's really about the ending now.
I'm going to write a new section to tie up the loose end with his stepmother, Sadie, but I'm unsure whether to leave everything else as it is. Something tells me it needs changed to make it more satisfactory for the reader.
When I got home from work today I found Smashie the goldfish, lying at the bottom of his tank. I assumed he was dead, and since he still had all his colour about him, I thought it must have happened within the last hour. Smashie was the first family pet we ever had. I bought him (along with another called Nicey, who died) for Laura back in 2000 when she was only 3 years old.
At first he lived in Laura's room, but he was “too noisy” and wasn't really getting fed, so I moved his tank into the kitchen of our old flat. There he stayed for 4 years, when 8 months after getting married, Gail and I bought a new house. We moved and Smashie came with us; I can still see the tank swaying back and forward in the car as we drove to our new place.
Again, he found a place in the kitchen but the tank began to get in the way after a while. When I got my tropical fish tank for Christmas 2006, I took the opportunity to move him into my newly refurbished office. Last year he got a tank upgrade, from a standard bowl to a filtered, aerated tank with decorations and plants. He was very happy.
When I left yesterday I fed all the animals, as normal, and they were all fine. When I returned, Smashie was dead.
Or so I thought.
As I held him in my hand contemplating a burial – flushing him down the loo just didn't seem right after being through so much together – he flinched. I put it down to nerves, but when it happened again I looked more closely; he was fighting to breathe. I set up a new bowl with freshly treated water and placed him in it along with some goldfish medicine that has been used and worked on him before.
Nothing. Then a flicker. I nudged him and stroked him and even tried to resuscitate him by massaging his gills, end eventually there was movement. One of his pectoral fins started to move as though he was trying to balance upright. If I held him out the water, after a few seconds he began to gasp, so I put him back in and he started to try to breathe. He was fighting for his life.
I went for dinner – lovely plate of salmon fishcakes, ironically enough – then returned and there were definite signs of improvement. He was breathing more regularly and his fins were moving.
Delighted, I left for tonight's event at the EBF in the hope that if I left him he might recover further.
In the RBS Main Tent this evening was a man of considerable acting pedigree, Steven Berkoff. Not sure exactly what to expect, Steven had come to talk about his book, My Life In Food, an account of some of the most memorable meals of his life. It sounds dull, but it isn't. Berkoff's tales range from all areas of his life and each meal reflects not just a love of food, but of wonderful moments in his life he never wants to forget, and of his love for, and life, in theatre.
He began by comparing a good meal to a good play, where the starter was act 1, the entrée act 2, and the dessert act 3. “Food has always been associated with the theatre, because people come and enjoy it, then go for a meal afterwards to discuss it.” He expanded this theory by explaining how Americans have taken it one step further and made the actual meal the main performance.
He then read from his book, perhaps the most amazing description of a tomato I have ever heard. It wasn't so much read but performed, and it was a joy to witness.
The subject of food in his family and his Russian Jewish roots came up, and he explained how Jewish food derived from pain and hardship, as opposed to any form of culinary desire. He went into a huge monologue that began several hundred years before, and talked us through the history of where and why rye, pletzel, and bagels came into being. One didn't know at some points just how serious he was being and just when he had drifted subtly into full creative mode, which only made it funnier. “What kind of people invents a bread loaf out of hardship,” he asked referring to the bagel, “and then sticks a hole in it?”
This hardship also meant an adoption of the Jews, in his opinion, to revere almost god-like, the chicken, because they lived with them for hundreds of years under Kosher law. And it is because of this he has developed a theory, that races which have a bond with a certain kind of animal, tend to adopt that animal's traits.
Using the Jews and chickens as an example, he did an impression of a stereotypical Jew and yes, one could see the similarities; the bobbing head, the clucking noises and mannerisms of Jackie Mason. The French and the pig; when speaking nasal French the sound of a pig could clearly be heard. The English aristocrats and their fascination with dogs has left them barking and yapping at each other like small Terriers. The audience by this point was roaring.
I found Berkoff a very interesting man. There's quite clearly a seam of madness in him, but despite that, his love of food, the theatre, and the world is clearly obvious.
When I got home at about 10pm, Smashie had given up the fight. We'll bury him tomorrow.
Tomorrow at the EBF: Crime Writing Workshop.
Greener is the Grass (Writing)
Hunting Jack (Editing)
PLEASE DONATE – For full details of my Abseil off thein October for the Royal Zoological Society of Scotland, please go here:
When Cael Rudkin was in first grade at West Marshall Elementary School he got stuck outside one day because none of the school's doors had handicap accessible push buttons.
See More Database: Find your school or school district in the database of non-compliance citations compiled by IowaWatch. Documents: View the original documents.
Cael uses an electric wheelchair and this was the only way for him to get the door open. It was raining.
To even enter the building in State Center, Iowa, Cael had to go around to the back door, because the front door had a step. Cael, now 14, has dealt with many accessibility issues in his time attending school in the West Marshall Community School District.
So have others. The majority of Iowa school districts reviewed by the Iowa Department of Education do not meet Americans with Disabilities Act standards, an IowaWatch investigation revealed.
Since 2010, the Iowa Department of Education has inspected 48 school districts in the districts' annual equity review, and all except one had areas of non-compliance with the ADA. The categories with the most areas of non-compliance are parking, including passenger loading zones, entrances and toilet rooms.
Photo provided by Joey Rudkin, used with permission
The examples include not having enough van-accessible parking spots, not having a curb cut or direct accessible route to the front of a building, not having wide enough wheelchair accessible bathroom stalls, and not having appropriate signage to indicate accessible parking spots, entrances, and bathrooms.
“It is important for the schools to be compliant so that parents can feel comfortable when they send their children to school,” Cael's mother, Joey Rudkin, said.
“So many people take for granted that they can open a door or fit inside a bathroom stall but until you are a person or have a family member who needs these things you truly can't understand. They are important for normal life, not special treatment.”
REQUIREMENTS SPELLED OUT IN ADA
The original ADA of 1990 prohibits discrimination against individuals with disabilities in employment, local and governmental services, transportation, commercial facilities, and public accommodations. In 2010, Attorney General Eric Holder signed updates to the ADA regulations, including the implementation of ADA Standards for Accessible Design.
Changes from the 1990 to the 2010 standards include wider parking spaces for wheelchair accessible vans, landing spaces at the tops of curb ramps, and many new statutes for assistive listening systems.
The only school district in Iowa without non-compliance issues was Clear Creek Amana, an IowaWatch investigation of the 48 school district reports showed.
Lyle Muller/IowaWatch
Tim Kuehl, the district's superintendent, said that this is most likely because most of the buildings in the district were built recently. “Even our older buildings are one level and accessibility isn't an issue,” he said.
The high school that was inspected, built in 2009, has two levels. The middle school annex, built in 1968, had one level for the inspection but since has added a second level.
Only the high school and middle school were inspected. The other Clear Creek Amana Community School District buildings were not inspected because the district's equity review took place in 2013, after the Iowa Department of Education decided to focus inspections only on facilities that offer career and technical education programs, such as high schools and administrative buildings.
“In the past, our department opted to include elementary and middle school buildings in our reviews,” Staci Hupp, the Iowa Department of Education's communications director, said. “However, in the absence of unlimited resources, we have adjusted our review schedule to better reflect our funding and staffing levels, which align with the federal requirements.”
Since this switch, elementary and middle schools have been overlooked in reviews.
Top Five Areas of Non-Compliance Category Number of Citations Parking 224 Toilet Rooms 157 Entrances 122 Passenger Loading Zones 112 Lobbies & Corridors 83
Data on whether or not a school is compliant with the ADA are taken from equity reports, which are done annually and voluntarily by school districts based on scores on the Educational Equity Review Targeting Plan.
Generally, the higher the score a school district receives, the likelier it is that it will be selected that year for an equity review. A score is based on enrollment patterns for sex, racial background and disability; whether or not the percent of minority students enrolled over the past five years has changed; any complaints the district may have received; and time elapsed since the district's last on-site equity review. Since 2010, an average of eight school districts have been reviewed each year.
As a part of these equity reviews, certain school district facilities are inspected to determine if they are compliant with the ADA, as required by the federal Office for Civil Rights.
For all other district buildings, the superintendent signs a yearly assurance that they are up to code with the ADA. School administrators inspect the buildings, not an independent agency.
Signing off on such an assurance means that school administrators understand that the Iowa Department of Education may follow up at any time. However, the department only follows up on these assurances if they receive a complaint that something is non-compliant with the ADA.
The education department sends a Letter of Finding with the results to school districts undergoing an equity review. Districts have 45 calendar days to return a compliance plan, which must describe the area of non-compliance, the remedies to correct the non-compliance, the evidence needed to verify the remedy, the staff member responsible in overseeing the correction, and a timeline for completion.
Hupp said the Iowa Department of Education makes on-site visits to monitor progress until the areas of non-compliance are fixed.
VIDEO: CAEL AND JOEY RUDKIN TALK ABOUT GAINING ACCESSIBILITY TO SCHOOL BUILDINGS
Cael Rudkin's elementary school did not have an elevator. While the school accommodated Cael by moving all of his classrooms to the first level, he still was not able to access all of the school as his able-bodied peers could.
Once, his aide at that time was carrying Cael up the stairs to the second level of the building and tripped. Cael bumped his head on a step and was taken to the nurse's office. “I guess they probably should have had the elevator,” Cael said. “That way that wouldn't have happened.”
The Rudkins and Nicole Kooiker, the West Marshall Community School District superintendent, agreed that schools need to be made fully compliant with the ADA and sometimes even go beyond that in making sure things are accessible for everyone. That way, it benefits not just students and staff with disabilities, but also any elderly relatives who may be visiting the school for events or any visitors that may have unique needs.
“It's not just me, it's a public area,” Cael said.
OLD BUILDINGS IN NON-COMPLIANCE
According to the “2010 Standards for Accessible Design” published by the U.S. Department of Justice on Sept. 15, 2010, any construction or alteration that occurred on or after March 15, 2010, must comply with the 2010 Standards. Before that date, construction or alteration only had to comply with the 1991 Standards.
Lauren Mills/IowaWatch
An alteration is defined in this document as “a change to a place of public accommodation or a commercial facility that affects or could affect the usability of the building or facility or any part thereof.” When an alteration is done to one part of a building, the altered portion of the building must also be made “readily accessible to and usable by individuals with disabilities.” This applies to all alterations that occurred on or after Jan. 26, 1992.
A clause in the accessible design standards specifies that making a facility readily accessible always must be to the maximum extent feasible, meaning that unless “the nature of an existing facility makes it virtually impossible to comply fully with applicable accessibility standards,” all things must be done to comply with the designated standards.
Administrators at Des Moines Public Schools are familiar with making alterations to the district's buildings, as the average age of the district's 72 facilities is 60 years old, district Chief Operations Officer Bill Good said.
“Our buildings weren't built for accessibility,” Good said. The Des Moines school district had 136 areas of ADA non-compliance in a 2011 equity review.
However, each new alteration done on a Des Moines district building has included making it more accessible to be in compliance with the ADA. This summer the district plans to add an elevator while renovating Howe Elementary School.
To date, accessibility to Howe Elementary's second level has been handled in the same way that Cael Rudkin's elementary school handled it.
“Let's say we have a fourth grade teacher that's on the second floor that's disabled,” Good said. “Up until the improvements here, we could establish that fourth grade classroom on the main level and have it accessible. Now, after we get this work done, it could be on either floor.”
Good said only two buildings in the school district do not have elevators.
ACCESSIBILITY IS PERSONAL
Cael Rudkin will go to high school this coming fall. The main accessibility issue there will be having a handicap accessible bathroom. While West Marshall High School has handicapped accessible stalls that are ADA compliant for size, this doesn't work for Cael for various reasons.
Photo provided by Joey Rudkin, used with permission
One option the school came up with was having Cael use the nurse's office when he needed to use the bathroom. The thought was he could use a commode in the nurse's office and then someone from the school could take the commode to the nearest bathroom to empty it.
“That's not okay,” Joey Rudkin said. “It's a dignity issue.”
On top of this, Cael's aide next school year is a female who cannot help him in the men's bathroom, or take him to the women's bathroom.
Also, Cael also has toileting chair that slides over a standard toilet set and a Hoyer lift, a bulky piece of equipment with a sling used to transfer people out of wheelchairs. This equipment would not fit in a normal sized handicap accessible stall.
“We currently have handicapped accessible restrooms, but sometimes even with handicap accessible restrooms, some students have other particular needs that we need to be aware of,” Kooiker, West Marshall superintendent for three years, said.
Kooiker said she understands that a more handicap-accessible bathroom is a necessity for the school district, even if it may mean a bigger dip in its facilities budget than originally planned.
“There are things that are obviously more expensive than others, but you do some problem-solving and some brainstorming and you realign your facilities money to meet the needs of every student and their family,” she said.
West Marshall Community School District received an equity review in March 2013 and had seven areas of ADA non-compliance in its high school. The middle school and elementary school were not part of this review because it took place after the Iowa Department of Education decided to focus only on buildings that offer career and technical education programs.
TO LEARN HOW IOWAWATCH'S NONPROFIT JOURNALISM IS FUNDED AND HOW YOU CAN SUPPORT IT, GO TO THIS LINK.
This IowaWatch story was republished by The Gazette (Cedar Rapids, IA), Des Moines Register, Iowa City Press-Citizen, Mason City Globe Gazette, Red Oak Express, the Corridor Business Journal Education Report and Pioneer Republican of Iowa County under IowaWatch's mission of sharing stories with media partners.
It's time to move on from the basics of whether global warming is happening to how best to respond, says chief science adviser
Britain's chief scientist has called for researchers to speak out about the risks and benefits of strategies for tackling climate change before national policies are set by the government.
Sir Mark Walport, the government's top science adviser, said the climate change debate had to move on from arguments over the reality of global warming to more pressing questions of what the country should do in response.
In an interview with the Guardian, Walport urged scientists and engineers to be vocal about the pros and cons of new energy sources and technologies designed to combat climate change to ensure that policy decisions came from a public debate based on solid evidence.
"Climate change is happening and humans are significant contributors, and that raises some really important policy questions," Walport said. "Scientists should be setting out the options and explaining what happens in each case. The debate has to move on to what are we going to do about climate change, and how are we going to do it."
The intervention comes after a speaking tour of Britain during which Walport said audiences wanted to hear more on how science could be used to forge good policies. He said that while policy decisions could be taken only by society as a whole, researchers must be more vociferous about the risks and uncertainties of different technologies and strategies proposed to curb climate change.
"We can only have a good conversation about this if we have good communication from the scientists. More scientists need to do it and they need to do it well. They must talk, write and communicate about the science, technology and engineering," Walport said.
The shift in focus would bring an endless range of questions to the fore, and feed into decisions on the best energy mix for Britain, ways to decarbonise agriculture and transport, and options for boosting energy efficiency.
On the issue of energy, Walport said that evidence from scientists and engineers showed that fracking was a safe technology when done properly, and that risks of methane leaks, tremors and contamination of groundwater could all be managed. But he added that science was only one aspect of a much larger debate around fracking.
"It's not up to scientists. It's a political decision and a societal decision. One thing we cannot do is turn off our power supply. Advanced societies depend on it," Walport said.
UN talks that aim to reach a legally binding agreement on curbing global emissions continue in Bonn this week. But the difficulties in thrashing out a global deal highlight the clash of priorities that governments face.
To give a clearer picture on the likely impacts of different policies, scientists and engineers need to explain what is known and what remains uncertain for the UK and abroad where disruption caused by climate change could have knock-on effects around the world.
Richard Tol, an economics professor who specialises in climate change and energy issues at Sussex University, agreed that the debate needed to move on. "Any discussion around climate policy is mostly about climate science, or rapidly degenerates into a debate around climate science," he said. "It's time the debate is shifted."
Part of the problem, Tol said, is that climate modellers and experts in the basic science of climate change are often the ones invited on to public discussion panels, rather than experts in solar panels, agriculture or insulation.
Beyond the major issue of what is the best mix of energy sources for Britain lie other major questions around agriculture, which causes 9% of the UK's greenhouse gas emissions. "If you are serious about cutting methane emissions, it means giving up cows' milk and giving up cow meat. What are the alternatives? Kangaroo is a good alternative, but the problem is these animals tend to jump," said Tol.
Benny Peiser, director of the climate sceptic Global Warming Policy Foundation, which is against many policies to tackle global warming, welcomed Walport's call to action. "It's not about the nitty-gritty details of the science. It's about finding the best way of dealing with a big issue that has a potential to cause a lot of problems in the future," he said.
When governments dream of electric cars
A move to electric vehicles in India will be far from green, and ignores existing technologies which could be less disruptive and more useful
Since coming to power, Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi has announced one green energy initiative after the other. One by one, however, these have turned out to be red herrings that have succeeded only in drawing attention away from technologies that can deliver the required non-fossil fuel energy.
His first commitment, to set up 100,000 MW of solar power generating capacity by 2022 has got off to a slow start. 2,133 MW of generating capacity was added in 2015, and a little under 4,000 MW in 2016. Around 10,000 MW is now under construction and will come on stream by the end of next year. That will still leave another 84,000 MW to be constructed in the next four years. The task is not impossible, so the government has raised its solar power target to 250,000 MW by 2030 but the impact these will have on carbon emissions is debatable.
The first two large plants have an ‘availability' of only 19-20%, in other words they can only be run for about 1,700 hours a year, or less than five hours a day. Thus even 250,000 MW of power installed in photovoltaic plants will generate no more electricity than 60,000 MW generated by conventional power plants today. They will thus meet only 10% of the additional power the country will need by 2030. Solar photovoltaic power could therefore turn out to be a red herring when it comes to reducing GHG emissions and mitigating climate change. But it is being chased not only by India but by most countries of the world, because it is cheap, takes very little time to set up, and is therefore virtually risk free.
Leapfrogging to an electric vehicle future
But the Indian government is about to chase another, even larger, red herring. In a 90-page report prepared with the Rocky Mountain Institute (RMI) titled “Transformative Mobility Solutions for India”. The outcome of a multi stakeholder workshop in February, led by India's Planning Commission (renamed Niti Aayog in 2014) and RMI, which included key industry leaders, the report urges the government to make a radical transformation towards a transportation system geared completely around electric vehicles.
The report proposes a 15 year plan for making the shift which will begin by limiting the registration of conventional vehicles through public lotteries, and complement that with a preferential registration for electric vehicles, similar to policies followed in China. To kick-start the shift, the report suggests an initial bulk procurement of electric vehicles, building standardised, swappable batteries for two- and three-wheelers to bring down their cost and having favourable tariff structures for charging cars.
Where will the electricity come from?
The idea is futuristic and may get accepted because it will fit in with Modi's flamboyant style of decision-making. RMI and Niti Aayog have sweetened the pill by claiming it will reduce annual GHG emissions by one billion tonnes. A few moments reflection, however, reveals its gaping flaws. The number of privately owned motorised vehicles rose from 29 million in 2002 to 160 million in 2013. This figure will almost certainly rise again, to over 500 million, by 2030. This immediately raises the question, “Where will the electricity they consume come from?”
A few hundred thousand electric cars spread all over the country can have their batteries charged from sockets in their garages, or at charging stations installed at petrol pumps, without unduly increasing the load on the existing power stations. So this will genuinely help to lower emissions. But when 350 million vehicles have to be charged every day, at any time of the day or night, anywhere in the country, not only will an entire nation-wide, and therefore expensive, recharging infrastructure have to be built, but the power these vehicles will consume will have to be generated first. Given the limited capacity of solar PV power to meet this demand and the miniscule contribution of nuclear power in India's energy mix, nearly all of this will have to come from coal.
That is when the second law of thermodynamics will come into play. Even with supercritical temperatures and pressures of steam to drive the generators, the conversion efficiency of heat into electricity is no higher than 42%. There will be further losses in converting AC into DC current and in overcoming the inertia of moving parts as electrical energy is turned into mechanical energy to drive the vehicle. All in all, therefore, at least three times as much fossil fuel energy will have to be consumed as the energy saved by switching from oil and gas to electric cars. Most of it will come from coal, which generates far more greenhouse gases per unit of usable energy than petrol, diesel or CNG.
A giant shift in infrastructure
Then there is the giant shift that will have to be made in the country's energy infrastructure. In 13 short years, a nationwide network of charging stations will have to be built, that is capable of recharging car and lorry batteries within a few minutes. Simultaneously an intricate transport fuel distribution and storage system will become redundant, causing substantial losses to the distributors. Add to this the losses that India's highly developed auto components companies will have to endure, and the outcome is obvious. Since India is no longer a closed economy and no other country is contemplating such radical auto surgery many, if not most, of them will shift their factories to Thailand.
The number of charging stations that will have to be created is mind boggling. In 2014 there were 51,780 petrol pumps. Another 35,600 were projected to be added by the end of this year. At the current rate of growth this figure is likely to treble to 250,000 by 2030, and the majority will have to be in small towns and along highways, where there is no reliable power supply today. If these stations are also to meet the demand of charging electric vehicles, during power cuts and low voltage periods the owners will have to set up generators. These will run on diesel, contributing still more greenhouse gasses.
What price will consumers pay?
Finally there is the question of price. The Mahindra group is selling the e20, a design bought from Chetan Maini, the pioneer manufacturer of electric vehicles in India, for INR 700,000 (USD 10,850). Toyota is planning to sell its model 3 in the US for USD 35,000 (INR 2,200,000) just marginally less than the price of a Mercedes. This price could come down sharply if the bulk of the components are manufactured in India. But Tesla has postponed its entry into India because the infrastructure for even the stipulated 30% manufacture of its components does not exist in the country.
The report seems to be aware of these problems. That is why it has tried to sweeten the pill by pointing to the fact that in addition to lowering carbon emissions by one billion tonnes a year, the shift will also save USD 60 billion in foreign exchange due to less oil having to be imported. This inducement only works if electric vehicles are a real alternative to conventional vehicles in India. As Tesla's decision to bypass India shows, this is not currently the case. There is, though, an alternative fuel which could make this a reality: methanol.
The advantages of methanol
Methanol has all the qualities of ethanol, but without the limitation of supply that ethanol faces because of having to be produced from food crops. It is a clean burning, very high flame speed fuel that was the prescribed fuel in all major automobile races in the world from 1965 till 2008, when it was joined by ethanol. Best of all, while ethanol has so far only been produced in large quantities from food crops, methanol can be produced from any biomass, from municipal solid waste to every manner of crop residue.
The technology that can convert biomass waste into transport fuels is gasification, also called destructive distillation. This is the burning of biomass in a limited supply of oxygen to produce mainly carbon monoxide and hydrogen, instead of carbon dioxide. The two gases can be combined using a 92- year old industrial process called the Fischer-Tropsch synthesis, into any transport fuel one desires. It has been in use in South Africa to produce synthetic transport fuels from coal for more than half a century, and has now been adapted by several research institutions to do the same with any kind of biomass.
Since transport fuels made from biomass emit the same amount of carbon dioxide when consumed as the biomass absorbed from the air, it is completely carbon-neutral. It too will save pretty nearly all of the foreign exchange that India spends on imported crude oil. Finally, since the crop residues – leaves, stalks and roots – will be as valuable as the crop itself, it will double farm incomes across the entire country – one of the aims of the Prime Minister. Not only are the synthetic fuels produced by this route less costly than those obtained by refining crude oil, so long as the price of crude oil remains around, or above USD 60 a barrel, switching to them requires no change either in the design of automobile engines or the energy infrastructure of a country. The social cost of switching to biomass-based fuels is zero.
Unfortunately in chasing the gleaming chimera of the electric car transformation the global market economy is chasing yet another red herring while the technologies that could actually help avert catastrophic climate change are being ignored.
When contacted by indiaclimatedialogue.net, Clay Stranger from RMI responded to queries about where the electricity would come from, about power cuts in rural areas, the lack of components manufacturing in India, and the impact on jobs. He said the report, “was premised on India meeting its NDC requirements of 175 gigawatts of renewables by 2022. We then linearly extrapolated from 2022 to 2030.” While the report had not looked at power cuts and charging the use of swappable electric batteries was seen as a solution, and, “with USD 330 billion of cumulative fuel savings between now and 2030 on the table, India can deploy these savings towards infrastructure investments to overcome challenges”. He suggested that Tesla's choice of retreating from the Indian market was not final, and “under the government's emerging plan, all components will be made in India, with the exception of battery cells. The cells will eventually be made in India within 3-5 years.” Lastly, on the jobs front, he said that, “we see the focus on Make In India as a job protector, and we see mobility services as a major ongoing source of employment. Additionally, the government is considering using the STD-PCO model for distributed charging, meaning that almost anyone could set up a charging station and earn a small income from it.”
Unfortunately India has a weak past performance on similar initiatives. Vehicle component manufacture in India – whether through the Maruti initiative or for the Indian Army – have repeatedly overshot time and budgets – and that despite the much hyped Make in India initiative, job creation has steadily declined in the last three years of the present government. – eds
NO SECURITY problems surfaced during the official start of the second round of meetings of the delegates of the Association of Southeast Asian Nations (Asean) in Cebu.
“Wala tayong nakikitang problema sa security, at saka sa peace and order during the official start ng Asean (on Saturday),” said Police Regional Director, Chief Supt. Noli Taliño after he made rounds within the vicinity of Radisson Blu Hotel.
(We didn't see any problems with security and peace and order during the official start of the Asean meetings.)
The hotel is the venue of all the Asean senior ministers meetings for one whole week.
Taliño said everything was smooth sailing from the arrival of the delegates to bringing them to the venue of the meetings.
“Sana magtuloy-tuloy hanggang sa July 7 (I hope it will continue until July 7),” Taliño said.
But Taliño said they are still monitoring groups that will conduct protest actions in the coming days.
As of yesterday afternoon, Taliño said there were still no adjustments to their security plan.
But all the agencies involved in the security preparations and plan will meet every evening to discuss and assess the day's operations.
“Magco-conduct kami ng meeting. May brief, mag a-adjust kung anong puwede dagdagan o bawasan sa deployment. Para sa ganun ma-address lahat ng issues. Sa ngayon wala pa naman,” Talino said.
(We will meet at the end of the day to adjust what needs augmentation or lessen deployment of personnel so we can address all possible issues. For now, there are no immediate concerns.)
Aside from the policemen detailed in the vicinity of the hotel, a team from the Special Weapons and Tactics (SWAT) and K9 dogs patrol the area and check vehicles parked near Radisson Blu.
Cebu City Transportation Office (CCTO) operations chief Francisco Ouano urged the public not to park along the vicinity of the hotel in order not to cause traffic.
He said they haven't closed any roads around SM City Cebu and Radisson Blu but trailer trucks and heavy vehicles are banned from plying the area around J. Luna Street.
One of the more intriguing aspects of next gen consoles lays not just in their overwhelming power but in their ability to channel that power for a more nuanced visual look. In other words, it explains why the facial animationfor games like Ryse: Son of Rome and Killzone: Shadow Fall are already superior to current-gen titles.
GamingBolt recently had a chance to speak to OC3 Entertainment's Doug Perkowski on facial animation suite FaceFX, which will incorporate a new SDK especially for the PS4 and Xbox One thus taking advantage of the power of next-gen consoles.
On being asked about the new Facial Animation Runtime for next gen consoles, he responded that, “We were able to add multi-threading support, reduce memory fragmentation, and boost the overall performance by a wide margin. Our file loading code was completely re-written to achieve an order of magnitude increase in performance. In general, everything was redesigned from the ground up to be more efficient and use less system resources.
We also asked if it made for easier lip syncing when it comes to localizing specific languages (for example: the lip syncing of an English speaker will differ from that of a Japanese speaker). “FaceFX has always handled localization very well. Even a modest amount of dialog can require a very robust facial animation when you multiply it by all the languages that need to be supported. FaceFX supports English, French, German, Italian, Spanish, Korean, Japanese, Mandarin Chinese, and Czech.
“We are working on adding Russian, European Portuguese, and Brazilian Portuguese. Other languages can be used if you use transliterated text or without providing any transcription of the audio.”
One way or another, facial animation for the PS4 and Xbox One will only get better as tools like FaceFX add support. What are your thoughts on the future of facial animation in next-gen games? Let us know below.
Big Island man Mike Ruggles launched a crowdfunding campaign this week to help pay for legal fees after being arrested for opening Hawaii's first medical marijuana collective. Ruggles says this is an opportunity to help set legal precedence to establish medical marijuana collectives in Hawaii.
“The collective was the first way for sick people to acquire their doctor recommended medicine since the program started 15 years ago. It doesn't make sense that they're trying to throw the only person doing this legally in prison.” – Mike Ruggles
Ruggles had opened the Alternative Pain Management Pu'uhonua Collective on January 2nd, where patients with a medical marijuana certification could transfer marijuana between themselves. In order to stay in compliance with the 4 ounce limit members could dispose of their excess marijuana to other members in need. According to former nurse and collective volunteer Brittany Neal, “the marijuana itself was not ‘sold' but rather ‘transferred' for just compensation at a cost set by each member that included the electricity, fertilizer, and other direct costs that went into creating the marijuana.”
Collective members also had access to tinctures, concentrates, a MyDx purity testing machine, a vacuum purge oven, and consultation on cultivation, processing, and consumption of medical marijuana.
Hawaii Medical Marijuana Patients Forced Back to Black Market
After the police raided and arrested Ruggles on September 10th, the collective has since closed, and Hawaii marijuana patients are back to finding medicine through the black market or going without. Ruggles is being charged with running an “unpermitted dispensary” and is facing 77 years in prison. According the Indiegogo campaign page, Ruggles had “noticed a change in the definition of ‘medical use' in Hawaii's medical marijuana law and combined with State and Federal laws, saw an opportunity for patients to help each other.”
“The collective was the first way for sick people to acquire their doctor recommended medicine since the program started 15 years ago. It doesn't make sense that they're trying to throw the only person doing this legally in prison,” said Ruggles, “The legal framework for collectives is already here, they're legal, it's going to trial and we're going to win this.”
Medical marijuana collective supporters can donate to the cause here.
For more information contact:
Jennifer Ruggles – 1 (808) 464-2015 – ruggles@hawaii.edu
When we last read Neil Greenberg's "Top 25 Players Under 25" list for ESPN.com, he had omitted New York Islanders star John Tavares from the ranking and caused announcer Howie Rose to call him a "housebound agorophobe." Which seems harsh.
Greenberg, a hockey stats analyst, has updated the list on ESPN.com (reg. required); it measures "career-to-date performance in the regular season and the playoffs" through both traditional and advanced stats. It also leaves any player turning 25 before Feb. 1 ineligible, hence no Sidney Crosby or Nicklas Backstrom or Claude Giroux; it also dismisses last year's rookies due to sample size, hence no Gabriel Landeskog, despite his being, you know, Gabriel Landeskog.
Scroll to continue with content Ad
Here is Greenberg's Top 25 Under 25 (ESPN Insider), with No. 1 Mr. Toews repeating in that spot:
Story continues
1. C Jonathan Toews, Chicago Blackhawks, 24
2. C Steven Stamkos, Tampa Bay Lightning, 22
3. C Logan Couture, San Jose Sharks, 23
4. C Jordan Staal, Carolina Hurricanes, 24
5. C John Tavares, New York Islanders, 22
6. RW Patrick Kane, Chicago Blackhawks, 24
7. LW Taylor Hall, Edmonton Oilers, 21
8. D Drew Doughty, Los Angeles Kings,
9. D Erik Karlsson, Ottawa Senators, 22
10. LW Brad Marchand, Boston Bruins, 24
11. D Alex Pietrangelo, St. Louis Blues, 23
12. C Tyler Seguin, Boston Bruins, 21
13. LW Jamie Benn, Dallas Stars, 23
14. LW David Perron, St. Louis Blues, 24
15. RW Jeff Skinner, Carolina Hurricanes, 20
16. D Victor Hedman, Tampa Bay Lightning, 22
17. LW Milan Lucic, Boston Bruins, 24
18. C Sam Gagner, Edmonton Oilers, 23
19. C Evander Kane, Winnipeg Jets, 21
20. D Kevin Shattenkirk, St. Louis Blues, 24
21. C Jordan Eberle, Edmonton Oilers, 22
22. C Patrik Berglund, St. Louis Blues, 24
23. G Semyon Varlamov, Colorado Avalanche, 24
24. D Tyler Myers, Buffalo Sabres, 22
25. LW Wayne Simmonds, Philadelphia Flyers, 24
In the article's comments, Greenberg said that both Ryan McDonough and Oliver Ekman-Larsson didn't have "a large enough track record." Take that as you will. Or, if you're like us, wonder where the [expletive] they are on this list, especially in the case of the latter.
How did Tavares get on the list? How did Marchand rank above his Bruins teammates? Good questions.
The rationale from Greenberg on Tavares:
Regarded by many as an egregious omission on last year's list, Tavares went on to score 21 points (eight goals and 13 assists) over 12 games just days after the list came out, eventually setting career bests in goals (31), assists (50) and points (81). The No. 1 pick in 2009 was always a terrific point producer, but he developed more of a two-way game last season, leading the team in driving puck possession (relative Corsi 10.6) to the point that even a "housebound agraphobe [sic]" couldn't leave him off this list twice.
If that last point was the determining factor for Tavares being either fifth overall or off the list entirely, then it's a specious bit of evidence. Lighthouse Hockey was one of the sites that took on Tavares' snub last season, and spells out the curious Relative Corsi argument:
When dealing with possession numbers like Corsi, one needs to take into account context. What this means is that you can't simply use Corsi without taking into account the situations a player is put in when he's on the ice. Corsi and possession numbers don't measure a player's performance directly - like +/-, they measure the performance of the player's team while the player is on the ice. Thus to truly figure out a player's value, one needs to account for things such as competition and TEAMMATES. … One standard way of doing this is not to look at standard corsi, but RELATIVE corsi, which compares how a team does with that player ON the ice to how the team does with the player off the ice. And once you do, Tavares stands out as the top player on the Isles (or basically tied with Parenteau). Now this isn't as impressive as it sounds - just as with his scoring, Tavares' extra offensive zone faceoffs mean that his possession numbers by definition are going to be above the team's average or at least should be. But Tavares' relative corsi is at WORST no less than what we'd expect from an average defender with Tavares' favorable minutes. In fact - while I'm not doing the math right now - these numbers are probably above average., In other words, while Tavares may not be extremely proficient at driving possession, he's more than solid (at worst you can go with average, and that's pushing it given the competition Tavares faces). You can give some other players bonuses for D...but you can't ding Tavares.
Sorry for the gluttonous text block from Lighthouse Hockey, but it serves to add valuable context to Greenberg's argument, which succeeds in explaining why Tavares belongs on the latest list but fails to justify his exclusion previously as anything more than an attention-grabber.
Speaking of which, here's why Brad Marchand is better than Tyler Seguin:
Marchand is a two-way player who logged 17:37 per game for Boston, including 2:09 with the man advantage and 1:23 with the penalty-killing unit, and notched his second straight 20-plus goal season. His most frequent linemates, Selke winner Patrice Bergeron and Tyler Seguin, have been on the ice for more shots at net with Marchand than without him.
Will Seguin be a better player than Marchand in the long run? Of course, even taking into account the Nose Face Killah's intangibles as a pest.
But this ranking is meant to be a snapshot of these players at this moment. The argument here, it seems, is that Marchand's body of work, defensive credentials and (one assumes) stellar postseason in the Bruins' Cup year powers him ahead of Seguin. Along with his bar dancing.
These runs counter to the optics from last season — that Seguin became a star and Marchand regressed from the promise of his playoff run — but it's not an unsound argument given where the players are today.
Now … are either of them that much better than Lucic?
What are your thoughts on the list?
OPINION
THE three men and their little baby. We're not talking about an 80s Tom Selleck movie, but a modern bromance that is MasterChef.
For six years, Australia has been listening to three blokes banter about food. And watching them chat is like eating the perfect sticky date. Just enough pudding, with just enough dates, soaked in just enough sauce.
Delicious.
But as any cook will tell you — the ingredients don't always make the meal. It has to be made with love.
And there's little doubt there's a lot of love between Australia's three MasterChef judges — Gary Mehigan, George Calombaris and Matt Preston.
Who would have thought a couple of top Melbourne chefs and a restaurant reviewer who enjoys wearing loud cravats and patterned pants would be going this strong after six seasons?
And not a bad word between them. Not even a sliver of a rumour about bad blood.
It's so unlike all the other reality shows on our TV screens. The Block, MKR, I'm a Celebrity. They're packed to the rafters with stroppy and tired contestants or bitchy judges. Lately, even family-friendly The Voice has been plagued with gossip about a vicious catfight between Australia's darling Delta Goodrem and British pop sensation, Jessie J. And sometimes all that dynamo is, well, a little exhausting.
MasterChef rolled onto our TV screens as cocky as a rare fillet of beef. Robust and raw, ready to tackle a landscape of reality shows. It was an instant success. But after a couple seasons — and for quite a few more — the show stopped delivering and it sank like a sad souffle. It became too much about the contestants, not enough about the food.
This year, the formula was tweaked. Perhaps ever so slightly. Just a little zest can make all the difference, right?
But the one thing that's remained the same throughout the years of high's and low's are the three judges.
Six years on, their success is in their team. Just like there'd be no Victoria Beckham without David. And there'd be much less fuss over David Beckham without Victoria. Their strength is in unity.
The bouncy, overenthusiastic chef, George continues to shovel down food prepared by contestants with his quite terrible table manners. Fellow-chef-judge, Gary, still goes in for seconds with childlike excitement when he's pleased with a meal. Reviewer, Matt, goes on to reveal absolutely nothing until he speaks.
But the most impressive trait is their honesty and warmth.
Surely, there's a real knack to giving constructive feedback to a vulnerable home-cook without sounding mean but they perfect it every time.
Perhaps it's because of the most obvious underlying feeling on the show.
Respect.
Between the judges.
Between the people they welcome on to their show.
And for the food they eat.
There's no doubt a lot of it comes to life with beautiful music — uplifting and dramatic — and some great editing. Just like no restaurant serves up a cake still in its tin, nor does this program serve up a meal straight from the kitchen. This cake has been cooled, iced and served with strawberries and cream.
Who wouldn't come back for more of that?
Because it makes you feel good.
A successful onscreen TV relationship is the formula to a great show. It's no secret that sometimes they work and sometimes they don't. But when they do … everyone wins. And there's no arguing that the bond between these three judges is simply quite magic.
And for that, surely this show deserve an immunity pin for 2016.
Follow Alissa Warren on Twitter @alissawarren
Holding responsible the many fallacies that are associated with a vegetarian diet for the rise in the number of meat eaters, Maneka Gandhi , the founder of People for Animals, said that even medical practitioners were not aware of how well a vegetarian diet can work for physical well being. "They believe in the dictum 'garbage in garbage out.' They don't believe in the adage 'prevention is better than cure' and so preventive methods preached by naturopathy or ayurveda have been termed as alternative medicine." Diet and nutrition forms a very minuscule part of medical curriculum, she feels. "Even athletes turn vegetarians some five to six days before a tournament as it is known to make them feel more healthy and agile."Dismissing all arguments against vegetarianism as puerile, Gandhi says, "Just see how well the Jains and the Marwaris do in life. It cannot be a co-incidence that they are so well educated and affluent. It is because of their way of life which involves the least harm to a living being.""There is an urgent need to instil these values in young children and for this we need to catch the adults who have an influence on them. It can be parents as well as teachers," she feels.
A battle that filmmakers have been fighting and unfortunately, will continue to fight, is the one with the censor board. While it's a mandate for Bollywood directors to get CBFC's nod and certification before the film's release, the films screened at festivals do not necessarily require a censor certificate, but a censor exemption from the Union Ministry for them to be screened.In what has cast a cloud over the 10th edition of the International Documentary and Short Film Festival of Kerela (IDSFFK), the Ministry of Information and Broadcasting has denied censor exemption to three documentary films broadly dealing with Jawaharlal Nehru University protests, the Rohith Vemula incident and on the unrest in Kashmir, without citing a specific reason.Filmmaker Leena Manimekalai, whose documentary Is It Too Much To Ask will be running in the official competition at the forthcoming film festival, took to Facebook to announce that 160 filmmakers, artists, and academics have written to Mr Venkaiah Naidu, Minister of Information and Broadcasting, urging him to "stop its censorship regime and immediately provide exemption to the films they have prevented from being screened" at the festival.Questioning the basis for denying screening permission to these films, they've also highlighted that each of these films deals with "prominent political issues that have led to much discussion within the country" in the letter addressed to Naidu."It is also clear that the government of the day is resorting to draconian action to stifle all such political debate and indeed Article 19 of our constitution, which guarantees the right to freedom of expression to every citizen of this country," read the letter.While interacting with News18.com, Leena maintained that she stands in solidarity with the three banned films and filmmakers."This whole pattern of festival censorship is quite dangerous and fascist in motives. We've sent the collective statement and we'll have to wait and see," she said.When asked if this kind of censorship poses a threat to quality cinema, she said, "Censorship is always a threat to sensible cinema. CBFC has to be trashed and this extra-constitutional censorship has to be resisted by all means. Else what is the meaning of democracy."Considering that CBFC chairperson, Pahlaj Nihalani, recently warned filmmakers of the strictest action to be taken against them - if they continue to take their films to International film festivals without censor board certification, this move has further set the alarm bells ringing."These Modi govt decides what to eat, what to watch, what to wear and what to speak. This Pahlaj Nihalani should go back to school and learn how the international cultural scene works. He is an embarrassment to even deal with," she said."No international film festival bothers about a censor certificate," she added.PN Ramachandra's The Unbearable Being Of Lightness, NC Fazil and Shawn Sebastian's In The Shade of Fallen Chinar and Kathu Lukose's March March March are the three documentaries to have invited the wrath of the central government this time.Whether it's a depiction of a trouble-torn Kashmir or a narration of the students protest at JNU and its aftermath or a tale 'too women oriented' - the decision to ban art, in the name of censorship, requires a serious justification so that it just doesn't end up being a bane of the lives and minds of filmmakers across the country.
Is The Pirate Bay down (thepiratebay.sx)?
Pirate Bay or “The Pirate Bay” is not down. We are first to report that The Pirate Bay has moved from thepiratebay.sx (.se) to thepiratebay.ac (Ascension Island) and eventually to thepiratebay.pe (Update) ***UPDATE: Thepiratebay.gy. The domain registry Sint Maarten which is where thepiratebay.sx is registered appears to have been seized after being pressured by Dutch anti-piracy group BREIN to pay a fine of 25,000 euro per day to remain online.
Many internet users have commented on social media that The Pirate Bay website may be down due to recent arrest of the co-founder, and his remarks about wanting the website to be down. Some internet users even claim their Internet Service Provider (ISP) blocked the Pirate Bay website or that Google may have something to do with it. However, none of these are the reasons why people can not access ThePirateBay website.
The piratebay.sx has simply moved to thepiratebay.ac after having thepiratebay.sx seized by authorities. The new website appears to be a mirror of the other and The Pirate Bay states that they hope to remain on the domain for a long time.
You can also access PirateBay by visiting piratebay.org. ** A new update has forwarded thepiratebay.sx to thepiratebay.ac.
The little boy was cold, wet and frightened of the strangers who tried to help him. But when Lucy Ingram approached the abandoned 2-year-old at a busy intersection in Surrey, B.C., he lifted his arms to her in a mute request to be picked up.
For the next several hours, Ms. Ingram and a co-worker kept the boy behind the counter in the private liquor store while they worked, as police and social workers sought to track down his mother. Customers, when they learned why the child was in the store, returned with food and warm clothes.
It was a set of plastic dinosaurs one man brought him that finally unlocked a smile. The boy would not even speak for more than an hour, but he was delighted with the toys and announced: "My name is Dinosaur."
Story continues below advertisement
Witnesses said a man had struck the toddler in the face and shoved him before boarding a bus, leaving the child alone on a rainy Saturday morning. Surrey RCMP credit the efforts of witnesses who shared the boy's photograph on social media for the tip that led to the arrest of a man. The boy was reunited with his mother that night.
Ms. Ingram, whose two grandchildren are of a similarly vulnerable age, held back her tears until he was led away by a child-protection officer who finally persuaded the child to leave her side. "I bawled my face off," she said in an interview Sunday.
The child and his family have not been identified and RCMP are recommending charges of assault and abandonment against a male who was known to the boy.
"When I got to him he had on to-the-knee swim shorts, socks and shoes that were soaked, a T-shirt and a summer jacket, a tuque and one glove," Ms. Ingram said. It appears the man also left some juice boxes and an apple at the bus stop.
"I can't believe someone would discard him as garbage," Ms. Ingram said.
Her co-worker allowed the boy to play games on her cellphone and once he had been fed and was dressed in clean, warm clothes, Ms. Ingram took him for a walk to see if he could find his way home.
"When we got outside, he started to cry again. He said he wanted to see mom. He walked me through the alley, we had a police officer following behind, just in case." When it was clear the journey was aimless, they returned to the liquor store.
Story continues below advertisement
Story continues below advertisement
Surrey RCMP Staff Sergeant Joe Johal said the boy, who is about 2 1/2 years old, seemed quite happy by the time officers responded.
"He was not in any distress – he was just playing around, he wasn't aware of what was going on. A lot of citizens came and gave him clothing and stuff."
But with his limited vocabulary, he was not able to help police identify him.
A male was arrested without incident and held in police cells overnight but was released on Sunday. Police are recommending charges to Crown counsel. The investigation is continuing, Staff Sgt. Johal added. "If we can upgrade charges, we will do that."
Ms. Ingram has only worked at the liquor store for 6 months, and she was initially worried that she might be in trouble because children are not supposed to be in the work area behind the counter. But she said police asked her to stay with the boy while they tried to sort out who he was and where he lived.
She never did find out his name, but she is grateful she was able to help the traumatized boy for a short while. "I'm glad I was working then."
Tankers!
With the Japanese Tech Tree approaching in version 8.10, I was excited to be able to test out and give my impressions of the tier V Type 3 Chi-Nu Kai medium tank.
A response to the unstoppable presence of the American Sherman tank in the Pacific Theater, the Chi-Nu was armed with a potent 75mm high-velocity gun. A second version, the Chi-Nu Kai, was outfitted with an even more powerful 75mm cannon. It bears the slightly unfinished look of a tank thrown together in a hurry, which it was. Only one prototype was ready by the end of the war.
The awkward, yet oddly charming appearance left me a bit unsure as to how to treat it. Was it a swift medium to be driven up the flanks, or a sniper seated behind the first line of resistance?
Clearly, this required some experimentation.
Before I took it into battle, I noted the Chi-Nu Kai's high level of hit points for a medium, and the relatively low hull armor, as well as the top speed of 38.8 kph.
I resolved to treat this tank as a slower, slightly better-armored Wolverine, and utilize the good turret traverse and high fire rate of twelve rounds per minute to provide second-line support.
To get an unbiased impression of this vehicle, I started it with a crew trained from an issued 50% to 75% with Credits, with mounted vents, and a gun rammer.
As I was playing support, I also mounted a binocular telescope to add to my view range.
(I cannot recommend highly enough purchasing at least one of these beauties. It is basic equipment which does not cost Gold to demount, and can be moved between any vehicle, buffing their view range by 25%, excellent for a stationary sniper. )
On my first round, I was not yet used to the Chi-Nu's constrained speed, and managed to maneuver myself into a disadvantaged position, taking hits, and bouncing three rounds off the side and front of a well-angled T1 Heavy.
While the top speed was not impressive, I was impressed with how quickly the Chi-Nu reached it and even maintained it on hills and rough terrain. The power-to-weight ratio is excellent, and the gun, when it penetrated, hit hard.
Undaunted, I resolved to try again on El Halluf, where I utilized cover and played second-line support, peeking over hills and rapidly repositioning over rough terrain.
I managed to score a victory, my first of the day, earning a Second Class Mastery Badge, 1,956 XP and 33,412 Credits, having fired none of my seven gold rounds (affordable for 2,800). If you get a piece of anybody, this tank is an excellent Credit earner, and boasts one of the most powerful tier V guns.
Pros:
Decent maintained acceleration
Excellent gun depression, 12 RPM acceptable rate of fire for a 75mm premium gun
Surprisingly punchy -- when it hits, it hits hard
High-seated gun, and can make excellent use of terrain
Cons:
Low top speed
450 Hit Points is a bit low for a slow medium
It occurred to me after a few more battles that the Chi-Nu not only resembles a healthier but slower-shooting American Wolverine in playstyle, but with the high rate of fire, good penetration at its tier, and consistent maneuverability, it plays in a very similar manner to the German Tiger I tank with its deadly top 88 guns, and only seeing tier V/VI/VII matchmaking, instead of the Tiger's VII-IX, of course!
If you want a tier V with Tiger-styled support gameplay at tier V, and like accurate, high-penetration guns, get this tank. If you are more of a brawler, or have a need for speed, this may not be the best tank for you. Something like the Churchilll III for brawling or the T-25 for speed may suit you better.
The Chi-Nu Kai never saw combat in the war, but in your skilled hands, it can make the enemy rue the day you got them in your sights!
Good Hunting, and see you on the battlefield!
-WellingtonBoot
GREENBURGH, N.Y. -- The question was whether the New York Knicks can trade Amare Stoudemire in the offseason, and the conversation with a high-ranking executive of a playoff team started in a predictable place.
"No," he said Wednesday. "No way."
The executive, a good one, cited the standard reasons why Stoudemire is an immovable summertime part. His injury history. The size of his contract. The lack of insurance on his knees. The diminished athleticism and presence around the rim.
"You'd be taking a tremendous risk with Amare," the executive said, "and the feeling around the league is he's living on borrowed time with his knees. I just don't think anyone would take him."
Only then was it repeated that Stoudemire, $100 million man, isn't owed $100 million over five years anymore, but $64.4 million over three. It was mentioned that Stoudemire is only 29, and that Gilbert Arenas and Rashard Lewis were traded for each other, meaning it only requires one sucker, maybe two, to move any player and make any deal.
It was stated that the teams scheduled to be way under the salary cap -- the lottery likes of New Orleans, Cleveland, Sacramento, Portland, and Brooklyn, and the winning likes of Boston and Indiana -- might use their flexibility to gamble that Stoudemire will stay relatively healthy and give them some needed starpower and size.
Fifteen minutes into the conversation, the executive was sold.
"Now that we're talking through it," he said, "yes, I think Amare can be traded. If Gilbert Arenas can get traded, anyone can get traded. Every year there's a guy you think can't get moved, or a free agent asking for a figure you think he'll never get, and it always happens because it only takes one team."
It's time to send Amare Stoudemire on his way. AP Photo/Lynne Sladky
So there it is: The Knicks need to find that team for Stoudemire.
They need to trade Stoudemire, a guy who fit with the Mike D'Antoni Knicks of Danilo Gallinari and Wilson Chandler and Raymond Felton, a guy who no longer fits with the Mike Woodson Knicks of Carmelo Anthony and Tyson Chandler.
At the Knicks' practice facility Wednesday, Stoudemire addressed his decision to use a Game 2 loss to the Miami Heat as an excuse to shatter the glass protecting an AmericanAirlines Arena fire extinguisher, leaving his left hand looking like something half-eaten in a zombie film.
His hand heavily bandaged, Stoudemire appeared before the news media wearing a shirt that read, "Marked Man," the first sign that he still didn't get it. The powerless forward did too much explaining and rationalizing, not nearly enough apologizing.
Stoudemire said that he just took a careless swipe at the wall, that he "just wanted to make some noise." He said the fire extinguisher case was "85 percent metal and a 2 percent strip of glass," leaving an unlucky and unexplained 13 percent and an unlucky and unwitting victim to bleed all over the place.
Stoudemire said the fans have "the wrong perception of what happened," and that he didn't mistake the glass case for a punching bag. If Stoudemire talked long enough, he surely would've explained he was reaching down to pick up a fallen child when he injured his hand.
"It's disappointing to my teammates," he said. "I really didn't want to let them down any."
Leonardo da Vinci was, to put it mildly, a smart guy. He was an inventor and scientist as well as an artist, and he took a special interest in finding ways to realistically render three-dimensional forms on a flat canvas. And now, a pair of researchers say that in the early 1500s he might have created the world's first 3-D image.
Even more surprising: It's the Mona Lisa.
Or to be more exact, it's both the Mona Lisa you know, in the Louvre, and a copy housed in the Prado Museum in Madrid. Researchers in Germany argue that the Prado version was painted in da Vinci's studio at the same time, from a slightly different position. The distance between the two perspectives is very close to the distance between a person's eyes, creating a stereoscopic 3-D effect when the two are combined.
“This points to the possibility that the two [paintings] together might represent the first stereoscopic image in world history,” the researchers wrote in their initial report on the phenomenon last year in Perception.
The team has followed up with further study of the paintings, to be published in the journal Leonardo, that uses the perspective shift to suggest that the paintings' mountainous background was painted on a flat canvas and hung behind the subject, like a background in a modern portrait studio.
The Prado painting was long considered unremarkable, just one of many anonymous copies later made of the original Mona Lisa, known as La Joconde in French and La Gioconda in Italian. Da Vinci painted the original portrait of Lisa Gherardini, wife of Francesco del Giocondo, in the early 1500s. The Prado copy's background was black, and it was coated in heavy varnish. In 2012, the Louvre requested the copy for display at an exhibition and asked a Prado researcher if it had ever been studied. The researcher looked at the painting under an infrared camera and discovered that underneath the black paint was the same background as in the original, a hilly landscape. The black paint has now been removed, and further imaging has revealed layers with the same changes and corrections made to the original. It appears that the two paintings may have been painted at the same time, in the same place, both artists tweaking the work in the same ways.
If true, differences in the two paintings indicate the Prado version was probably painted by a student, a practice fairly common in Leonardo's studio.
To re-create the positions of the artists in the two-artist scenario, Claus-Christian Carbon and Vera Hesslinger of the University of Bamberg in Germany calculated perspective differences by comparing landmarks such as the tip of the nose in the two versions. They also had 32 people visually estimate the artists' positions relative to the subject while looking at each painting. The researchers mapped out the artist positions that would result in the slightly different view seen in the paintings, and then made a tiny reference version of that scene in the greatest use of minifigures ever:
The re-creation has da Vinci standing to the right of the other artist, and a little farther from the subject. “They did not stand just side to side. This would have changed the perspective dramatically, because a body is about 60 centimeters wide,” Carbon says. “So the first person stands a little to the side but also a little bit more ahead of the other,” Carbon says. This setup would have minimized the perspective distance between the artists.
The horizontal distance between the perspectives worked out to 69 millimeters, pretty close to the average distance between an Italian man's eyes, or interocular distance, of 64 millimeters.
And this, it turns out, is exactly how 3-D images are made. Our brains perceive depth by combining the images from each of our eyes, which each see a scene from a slightly different perspective. (This is why covering one eye hampers depth perception.) So looking at two pictures that differ in perspective by the interocular difference can create a stereoscopic, or 3-D, image.
One way to see the 3-D effect is to look at two stereoscopic images side by side with the field of view of each eye crossed in front of you. You might remember the kids' books that have two images that you hold right in front of your eyes and then slowly pull back while practicing a thousand-yard stare until, pop! The two images merge into one 3-D picture.
To see the two Mona Lisas in 3-D, the same principle would apply. The paintings would be viewed side-by-side with the viewer's eyes converged in front of them (or with the eyes looking farther apart, a similar technique called parallel viewing).
The two images can also be tinted red and cyan and then viewed through old-school red-and-blue 3-D glasses to get the same effect. The researchers tinted electronic versions of the two paintings, and voila. Dig out some 3-D glasses for this one (plus see more here on Carbon's website).
“It is ‘wow,'” Carbon says. “And this is 330 years before the first stereogram was invented,” says Carbon. In 1838, British scientist Charles Wheatstone invented a stereoscope that used mirrors to combine the left-eye and right-eye views of a drawing into a 3-D scene.
DaVinci did write about monocular and binocular vision, and studied aspects of optics including eye anatomy and light reflection, and he even experimented with colored light sources. But it's not clear whether he put all the pieces together to understand how to create a stereoscopic image. The paintings don't quite make a perfect stereo pair, the researchers say, but a good one for being 500-year-old paintings.
To begin with, not all experts accept that the Prado painting was made simultaneously alongside the original, and da Vinci's writings don't explicitly describe a stereoscopy experiment like that suggested by Carbon and Hesslinger. “Any study should be founded historically on Leonardo's knowledge of parallax and his discussions of binocular vision in relation to representation,” says Martin Kemp, an Oxford University expert on da Vinci who has written extensively about artists' historical use of perspective.
“Whether this quality was actually created by intention or by accident can, of course, not be said for sure,” Carbon and Hesslinger write. “But in the case of Leonardo, you never know.”
Follow me on Twitter: @GoryErika
You don't have to go through the trouble of finding bootleg Star Wars-theme Spurs gear (or Spurs-themed Star Wars gear) because the NBA is putting out officially licensed apparel just in time for Christmas!
The shirts, sweaters, cap, tank tops, and hoodies are all available at NBAShop.com. Just search "Spurs Star Wars" or you can save yourself the trouble and click on this link right here.
Some of our favorites include the Spurs Empire gear with a stormtrooper helmet and alternate logo...
Photo courtesy NBAShop.com
There's also apparel featuring Yoda and the phrase "The Force is strong with us."
Photo courtesy NBAShop.com
You can "Join the Alliance" with Luke, Leia, Han, and Chewie.
Photo courtesy NBAShop.com
And finally, "Spurs Roll Deep" with Darth Vader.
Photo courtesy NBAShop.com
Get them while supplies last, because something tells us that they won't.
women's beautiful legs on the...
I remember the day so vividly. It was the summer after my junior year of college and I was working at a summer camp in Michigan.
I called my parents in Florida just to say "Hi" and let them know how camp was going, when my mom got very serious and said, "We got the biopsy results back from the Dermatologist. You have Melanoma."
I was in complete shock. Who gets skin cancer at 19 years old?!
Flashback to Pre-Diagnosis
The week before leaving for camp that summer, I was in the kitchen getting a snack, wearing my colorful striped bikini (which I practically lived in), and my mom pointed out that I had a large dark mole on my back. I didn't think much of it because I had freckles and moles all over my body...what's another one? But, she insisted that I get it looked at because the color was "odd."
I'm actually really surprised I took her advice because I hate going to doctors and I was a kid who thought she was invincible. But, I went to the dermatologist, had a biopsy done on the "odd looking mole" on my back and didn't think a thing of it until I got the news a week later.
After the initial shock wore off, I was scared. I knew cancer was serious and I knew Melanoma was bad. I had just lost an aunt and grandmother from cancer and it sickened me at the thought that I had the nasty disease in my body that had taken their lives.
The worst part about the situation was that it was my own fault.
I can't say that I did anything to protect myself from Melanoma. In fact, I did the opposite.
My Tanning Addiction
I grew up loving the outdoors and being in the sun. As a kid, it was just about having fun. As a teenager, it became more about vanity. I had always been known as the "tan girl" and I thought I looked prettier and skinnier when I was tan. With Indian skin, sandy blonde hair, light eyes, and skin that browned easily, I wanted nothing more than to stay tan all year.
Living in Florida made it easy. I practically lived outside in our family pool or at the beach with friends. Instead of sunscreen, I used baby oil to get my skin even darker. I liked the way tanning made me look and feel.
Facing Melanoma
When I returned from camp a few weeks after my Melanoma diagnosis, I went in for surgery to have the cancer removed. I was terrified, but I remember acting like it was no big deal because I knew my parents were even more terrified than I was. I didn't want them to be scared.
After the surgery was successful at removing all the Melanoma, I was left with a large scar across my back. As a 19-year old girl I was self-conscious about the scar, but not enough to keep me from jumping right back into my bathing suit and heading for the beach a few weeks later.
You'd think that after my diagnosis I would immediately change all my tanning habits, but it didn't happen that way.
Even though I was more aware of my fragile skin, I still wanted to be tan. I would see all my friends getting tan and I would be jealous. I would lay out in my backyard just to try to "stay in the game" and get a little color.
The only difference between pre-melanoma Lindsey and post-melanoma Lindsey was that I would put sunscreen on occasionally, but really only on what I thought were the fragile parts of my body, like my face, chest, and shoulders. Never once did I put sunscreen on my legs because I was determined to have year-round tan legs as always.
This behavior went on for several years. Then one day I heard something on the radio that struck a nerve.
They were discussing something called "tanorexia."
"Tanorexia" means that you are addicted to tanning. And it's not a joke. "Tanorexics" are literally addicted to ultraviolet (UV) rays.
Studies have shown that frequent UV exposure produces endorphins, or the pleasure chemical in the brain. The same chemical that is produced after heroin use.
When frequent tanners are given endorphin blockers, they have been shown to experience withdrawal symptoms similar to what is experienced during drug addiction recovery, including nausea, vomiting, and shaking.
The term "tanorexic" started as a laugh in 2000 when writer David Sedaris was describing his extremely tan sister in his memoir Me Talk Pretty One Day. Now "tanorexia" is becoming more commonly used, and it is no laughing matter. Come to find out that 70 percent of "tanorexics" are Caucasian women between the ages of 16 and 49.
That was me. I was a "tanorexic."
It wasn't until after my second, third, fourth biopsy that I began to understand the consequences of my behaviors. I was putting my life at risk.
I can't say that a lightbulb came on and I changed all my tanning ways. It took effort to stop tanning, and it still does at times. I will see pictures of myself when I was tan and wish I looked that way again.
One way I believe I cope with my tanning addiction is by turning to exercise. Not only does exercise make me feel better about my body (which tanning did for me previously), but exercise gives me that (healthy) endorphin rush that I was so addicted to with tanning. It has been a coping mechanism for me as I continue to recover from my tanning addiction.
I have also drastically changed my lifestyle. I don't live in Florida anymore and am not tempted daily by the beaches and hot sun. But, you won't find me hiding inside. I still love the outdoors and make every attempt to enjoy the outdoors daily, but I do so with skin protection.
As more research is being done about tanning addiction, more evidence is showing that it is likely a behavioral addiction, much like gambling. Tanning addiction may not be as severe as drug addiction, but there is a lot of debate about whether to include it in the Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders (DSM) as a true behavioral addiction.
I have lived and survived through "tanorexia" and I know it to be real.
I think that the beauty trend of "having a tan glow" is pushing people towards unhealthy tanning practices that can lead to "tanorexia." Instead, we should be promoting healthy beauty standards of naturally fair skin and help save lives. One way to do this is by educating people on the dangers of tanning and by promoting the use of sunscreen, as well as other methods of protecting our skin from harmful UV rays.
Panhead brewery owner Mike Neilson shows off one of his new 'Canhead' designs.
Mike Neilson thinks it's time New Zealanders gave canned beer a second chance.
Neilson is the the owner and founder of Upper Hutt's Panhead brewery and is a fan of beer from a can.
His appreciation for the cheap and cheerful packaging method is such that he arranged to borrow a canning line from another craft brewer in the region just to give canned versions of Panhead beers a go.
Blake Crayton-Brown Two of Panhead's new Canhead beer characters, Lola Deville and Johnny Octane.
"The can is the best way of packaging beer," Neilson said.
"It doesn't let in light, it gives you better beer stability and it cools down quicker."
Cans were also lighter and cost less to transport, but there was a downside - canning lines cost more than bottling lines.
Undeterred by the capital costs once he returns the borrowed canning line, or the perception that canned beer was cheap and nasty, Neilson has developed four new beers specially to be canned.
He's called them "Canheads".
Neilson said he wanted the cans to stand out in fridges or on supermarket shelves, so commissioned tattoo artist Simon Morse to come up with Canhead characters for the beer.
"We had these images before we had any idea of what the beers would be," Neilson said.
"We reverse engineered it and matched beer that we thought would best suit the character."
Each character was given a backstory and matched with a style of beer, for example, Jonny Octane, based on an old school drag racer, was filled with a red IPA.
Neilson said packaging had previously been a total afterthought, so it was great to be mixing things up.
The brewery has use of the borrowed canning machine for another three months, and if things go well with the Canhead range there are plans to put a deposit down for Panhead to get its own machine.
Neilson said the brewery was going from strength to strength, with plans for expansion well underway.
Having leased an adjacent building to the one the business already occupied at the old South Pacific Tyre factory in Upper Hutt, Neilson said he was hoping to significantly increase the brewery's capacity over the next year.
That would take the brewery's capacity from one million to four million litres a year.
Such an expansion would allow for new bottling and canning lines and more on-site storage.
An engineer had been looking over the building to establish what work would need to be undertaken to prepare it for its new role as a brewery, tasting room and office space.
Neilson said he hoped the tasting room, which would require an extra five or six staff members, would be open in time for Christmas.
A village in south-west France that produces some of the world's most acclaimed sweet white wines has been hit by claims of a “rocketing” cancer rate and concerns that cases among children may be linked to pesticides.
The former mayor has called for further investigation and legal action has been threatened after authorities found that a link “cannot be excluded”.
Preignac, which lies 25 miles south of Bordeaux and has a population of 2,200, has a child cancer rate five times the national average.
A new report has said scientists cannot rule out the possibility of a link to pesticides sprayed on the vineyards of Sauternes, overlooked by the village's nursery and primary school.
Yet the man who first raised concerns insists that the village and region are still in denial about the risks. In December 2012, Jean-Pierre Manceau, Preignac's former mayor and a researcher at the renowned CNRS national science research centre, alerted authorities to its cancer rate. Parents and teachers had expressed concerns after four cases among children.
A 2013 report by France's national science and medical research institute, Inserm, found that “exposure to pesticides”, including those used on vineyards, during early childhood could “pose a particularly high risk for a child's development”, and drew links to child leukaemia.
Another report noted the presence of Folpel in the surrounding Gironde region – a fungicide deemed a “probable carcinogen” in the US. In the light of these reports, France's national health monitoring institute, InSV, and the regional health agency, ASR, ordered a study on cancer cases among local children in 2013.
Their report was published on Aug 5, while most of France was on holiday, and almost went unnoticed until a local alerted Le Parisien, a newspaper.
In careful terms, it said that given the relatively small number of cases – nine in 14 years – “the excess of cancer remains moderate”.
But it went on: “The contribution of pesticides to the risk of cancer cannot be excluded.” It advised local authorities to ensure wine growers did not spray at playtime or “at least warn the headmistress”, and told them to erect protective hedges, aerate classrooms and “wash play area equipment”.
Most villagers remain nonplussed, reasoning that if the products were toxic, they would not be on the market. Mr Manceau said: “There is a law of silence because Sauternes is the lifeblood of the village … If tomorrow we get rid of treatment with pesticides, the local economy of Sauternes wine will collapse.”
He is calling for a wider study on adults in the region, saying local hospital sources have told him the number of cancer cases is “rocketing”.
Last year, a primary class in nearby Villeneuve was intoxicated by products sprayed on vineyards and their teacher was taken to hospital. The government banned, under certain conditions, spraying within 50 yards of schools.
Pascale Mothes, whose son Lucas was diagnosed with leukaemia in 1999, said she only learnt of the latest report from the news and was now considering filing for charges of “endangering others' lives”.
In Preignac, Jean-Gilbert Bapsalle, the current mayor, has pledged to buy the vineyard nearest the school and create a 200-metre buffer zone. But he said: “One cannot say there is a problem. We need to remain vigilant about possible problems for the whole region, not necessarily in Preignac. Sauternes is very important for the region and a bunch of grapes costs very dear.”
Former L.A. County Sheriff Lee Baca's attorney is seeking a sentence of community service and home confinement for Baca's role in a scheme to block an FBI investigation into abuse and corruption in a county jail.
But federal prosecutors said they considered his age and health and are recommending two years in federal prison.
In a court filing Monday, Baca's attorney, Nathan Hochman, wrote his client should not be subjected to the "harsh cruelty of the prison system not designed to address his medical condition."
Baca is 74-years-old and has been diagnosed with Alzheimer's disease.
Baca was in command of the largest sheriff's department in the country for 15 years. Prosecutors said in their filing Monday that he "abused the great power the citizens of Los Angeles County had given him."
A jury in March found Baca guilty of conspiracy, obstruction of justice and lying, which together carries a maximum sentence of 20 years. Baca vowed to appeal the conviction.
Before trial, prosecutors offered Baca a plea deal — a maximum of six months in prison. Baca agreed, but a judge rejected the deal as too lenient.
He is scheduled to be sentenced May 12.
In more recent events, it seems as if the Hieratic/ Dragon Ruler deck has fallen out of favor by many of the top players in this game. Seemingly overshadowed by the Mythic Dragon Ruler variant, or left behind for other decks completely, could this be a mistake? With the recent ban list, Hieratic Rulers were one of the least affected decks with the loss of a single copy of Hieratic Seal of Convocation. Now with YCS Las Vegas completed, a deck that has brought me to my 3rd top (my others being the 75th and 100th YCS) and a deck that brought success to the eventual YCS Las Vegas champion, Denny Yu, Hieratic Rulers simply cannot be ignored.
Before I even discuss the card choices of the specific deck I played here in Las Vegas, let's examine what makes this deck so powerful. One of the biggest draws for me was this deck's explosiveness. At almost any point, a blank field can be filled with a plethora of monsters that can handle any situation. What's more amazing is the ability to make these strong plays with as little as two cards and access to any dragon ruler! With more cards in hand, the direction you can go with your turn open up even further and lead to many one-turn kills. There are enough combos this deck can create to write a separate article about so I won't delve too much on that for now. However, shout out to Omar Daoudi (902 on DN) for first showing me a neat combo to put 14,000 damage on a single turn from no cards on my side of the field.
This ability for the deck to explode and lead to an OTK a good percentage of the time allows for many 'free' wins. At any major event with many rounds of swiss, these free wins can be the deciding factor in whether you make the top cut or not. While other players attempt to grind out wins with slower decks, you experience less risk for ruin by ending games sooner. Going into time and completing end of match procedure is something you avoid more often with this deck. I would be super filthy rich if I had a dime for every time I heard someone say, "I would have beat that guy easily but I lost because of time". Don't be that guy.
Although winning in one turn is ideal, there will still be games where you simply cannot go all out due to missing combo pieces but even more so due to an opponent's established field. Multiple backrow cards and monsters that can deter your plans are a problem for any deck. Fortunately, this deck can deal with many problematic scenarios. At YCS Las Vegas, I won only two dice rolls out of 11 rounds of swiss. I guess I can say I probably shouldn't gamble with dice at the craps tables neither!
Needless to say, I was starting second in most of my matches and staring across fields of [ccProd]Geargiarmor[/ccProd]s with multiple back rows set, [ccProd]Bujin Yamato[/ccProd]s with a [ccProd]Bujingi Hare[/ccProd] in grave and [ccProd]Bujingi Crane[/ccProd] in hand, and other situations. If you could ask many of my opponents at this past YCS, they would tell you how they lost game 1 easily to simple cards like [ccProd]A Wingbeat of Giant Dragon[/ccProd] and [ccProd]Black Rose Dragon[/ccProd], all without using my normal summon or dragon rulers. Against a first turn Yamato, simply making [ccProd]Gauntlet Launcher[/ccProd] from your extra deck allows you to bypass a Bujingi Hare or [ccProd]Bujingi Turtle[/ccProd] by activating Gauntlet Launcher's effect twice if need be.
So how does this deck fare against other matchups? Really good! In eleven rounds of swiss, I played and beat all of 3 Geargia Decks, 2 Mermail Decks, 1 Fire Fist, 1 Fire Kings, 1 Rank-up deck and 1 mirror match. My two losses were to two players who also topped this YCS, playing Chain Beat and Mythic Rulers, both going into game 3 with them opening slightly better hands than me (it happens). Against mermails, multiple dragon rulers coupled with access to combos even when both sides are simplified led to my wins. [ccProd]Crimson Blader[/ccProd] was also vital and easily accessible with this deck. Against all other decks, the consensus was that my opponent would fear A Wingbeat of Giant Dragon and waste a [ccProd]Black Horn of Heaven[/ccProd] on my special summoned Tefnuit in an effort to play around Wingbeat. An even one-for-one trade against a deck running dragon rulers and wasting a Black Horn of Heaven all make the match favorable to me.
Without further ado, here is what I ran at YCS Las Vegas:
[ccDeck="Main Deck"]
3 Hieratic Dragon of Eset
3 Hieratic Dragon of Su
3 Hieratic Dragon of Tefnuit
1 Blaster, Dragon Ruler of Infernos
1 Tempest, Dragon Ruler of Storms
1 Tidal, Dragon Ruler of Waterfalls
1 Redox, Dragon Ruler of Boulders
2 Flamvell Guard
2 Labradite Dragon
1 Debris Dragon
1 Influence Dragon
3 Upstart Goblins
3 Cards of Consonance
3 Dragon Shrine
2 Hieratic Seals of Convocation
1 Book of Moon
1 Gold Sarcophagus
1 Forbidden Lance
1 A Wingbeat of Giant Dragon
1 Bottomless Trap Hole
1 Solemn Warning
1 Torrential Tribute
1 Compulsory Evacuation Device
2 Skill Drain[/ccDeck] [ccDeck="Side Deck"]
3 Maxx "C"
3 Mystical Space Typhoons
2 Fencing Fire Ferrets
2 Debunk
1 Skill Drain
1 Black Horn of Heaven
1 D.D. Crow
1 Vanity's Emptiness
1 Enemy Controller[/ccDeck] [ccDeck="Extra Deck"]
1 Stardust Dragon
1 Colossal Fighter
1 Crimson Blader
1 Scrap Dragon
1 Black Rose Dragon
1 Leo, The Keeper of the Sacred Tree
1-Star Eater
2 Mecha Phantom Beast Dracossack
2 Hieratic Dragon King of Atum
1 Number 11: Big Eye
1 Gaia Charger, The Thunder Charger
1 Gauntlet Launcher
1 Constellar Ptolemy M7[/ccDeck]
If you have been checking out deck lists for the recent YCS, you will notice Denny and I ran similar builds and not by coincidence. His regional topping deck list was what lead me to leave the [ccProd]Hieratic Seal From the Ashes[/ccProd]/[ccProd]Magic Planter[/ccProd] version of Hieratics. Triple Cards of Consonance allowed the deck to flow smoothly, draw deeper into the deck, and fuel the grave. With six monsters that could be used for its cost, Cards of Consonance was faster and more reliable than Magic Planter. With enough speed for me, I decided to remove reckless greed and opted to play forbidden lance, compulsory evacuation device, and a third copy of dragon shrine. As I will be posting a video on my youtube (youtube.com/DDSpade) discussing all the card choices in greater detail soon, I will simply touch on my tech choices on here for now.
Reckless Greed was a card I found myself siding out all too often in testing. In games 2 and 3, more side decked cards to stop my plays were put in by my opponent and consequently I sided in three Mystical Space Typhoons to deal with them. Altering the deck sacrifices consistency as drawing into an MST is one less card to contribute to your combos. When I did test reckless greed in games 2 or 3, many times I would just draw my side deck cards off of its effect and was left two turns without draws or the combo pieces in my hand. Other times, I would draw into my Hieratics, but then my deck became a one-trick pony, hoping to OTK or lose to two lost draw phases. With cards like [ccProd]Debunk[/ccProd], Maxx "C", and [ccProd]Light-Imprisoning Mirror[/ccProd], pushing for game in one turn was not always possible. Instead, a slower game where I whittled my opponent of resources using dragon rulers became my strategy.
Forbidden Lance was a card I was very happy to play. Multiple tier 1 decks use this card to push through the opposition's backrow. When an opponent sets a bluff spell card along with a Bottomless Trap Hole, using [ccProd]Mystical Space Typhoon[/ccProd] blindly would lead to a 50% chance of winning or losing whereas lance ensured your Tefnuit does not get [ccProd]Bottomless Trap Hole[/ccProd]d and is now ready to be tributed for more hieratic shenanigans. Forbidden lance's attack modifying effect also came into play multiple times at the YCS as was getting my Atum's effect while skill drain was already present on the field.
Compulsory Evacuation Device rounds out my tech choices. This card single-handedly removed problem cards such as [ccProd]Thunder King Rai-Oh[/ccProd], various XYZ monsters, or Yamato backed with [ccProd]Kaiser Colosseum[/ccProd]. It was an out to Stardust as well as Leo, the Keeper of the Sacred Tree. Compulsory allowed for Black Rose Dragon to nuke a field under skill drain or in response to an opponent's fiendish chain. It also just simply removed a monster to allow a push for game.
Hieratics are a powerful option to consider for future events including ARG Richmond this weekend! You might consider piloting this deck. But even if you don't, it would be wise to understand the options this deck has in order to beat it. With the release of the Dragons of Legend booster pack, with new cards such as Soul Charge, Hieratic Rulers can add even more explosiveness and options to an already fast deck. I look forward to seeing the potential this deck can have moving forward and how it will affect the meta. Let me know if you think this deck can still compete now that pretty much every deck has gained a boost in power. For further questions or comments, find me on Facebook or add me on DN (DDSpade). Click the picture below for all the info on ARGCS Richmond this weekend!
Discussion
comments
By The Numbers will highlight the Red Wings on-ice accomplishments in the 2015-16 season. Each week during the off-season, By The Numbers will profile a different player on the team, focusing on their statistical highs. This week we focus on forward Drew Miller .
The 32-year-old suffered a season-ending knee injury on Jan. 10 at Anaheim. Five days later, he underwent successful reconstructive surgery to repair an ACL and meniscus.
Miller, who will continue to rehab the knee throughout the summer, can become an unrestricted free agent on July 1. A native of East Lansing, Michigan, and a former collegiate standout at Michigan State University, Miller has spent the past seven seasons with the Red Wings.
28 – It's the fewest number of regular-season games logged by the veteran forward since his second season in the NHL, when he played for coach Randy Carlyle in Anaheim. A fractured jaw followed by a torn meniscus led to his extended absence in 2015-16.
33 – His number of blocked shots during the 28 regular-season games he did play. Since the Red Wings acquired him off waivers in Oct. 2009, Miller has led all team forwards with 407 blocks. Second is Justin Abdelkader at 217.
100 – Miller reached the 100-career point threshold with the Red Wings when he scored his only goal of the season on Dec. 1. His second-period tally, a wrist shot from 17-feet out against Buffalo goalie Linus Ullmark, gave the Red Wings a 3-1 lead at Joe Louis Arena. Detroit eventually won, 5-4, in a shootout. During his career, Miller has produced 57 goals and 115 points.
5 – He made the most of his 12:05 of ice time by rifling a season-high shots-on-goal total in the Red Wings' 5-4 shootout victory over the Sabres on Dec. 1. It was just the second time he registered as many shots since the 2014 Winter Classic in Ann Arbor. In that game, Miller had six shots on goal against the Toronto Maple Leafs.
19 – For the first time in 102 regular-season games Miller logged 19-plus minutes of ice time in a game. It occurred during the Wings' 1-0 win over Washington on Nov. 10. In that game, Miller logged 19:25 TOI, second most among Detroit forwards. Only Luke Glendening (21:33) had more TOI in the win over the Capitals.
190 – The number of consecutive regular-season games played before he sustained a broken jaw against Arizona on Dec. 3 that ended his streak as the Red Wings' iron man. Miller had played in every regular-season and Stanley Cup playoff game – 202 games combined – since the start of the 2013-14 season.
When she was growing up, Danielle MacKinnon often felt like she just knew what the animals around her were feeling. She was a very sensitive child, so she chalked it up to that and tried to focus on being "normal," getting her MBA and working in marketing — until her dog got sick and she took him to a pet psychic, who helped her realize what those "weird" feelings around animals really were. She spoke with Cosmopolitan.com about how she turned that into a business, why your dog acts out, and whether or not your cat is staring at a ghost when he wakes up in the night.
How did you discover that you could communicate with animals?
My dog had been at the vet for four days, our bill was up to $4,000, and no one knew what was wrong. I ran into a friend who told me, "All right, well take your dog to the pet psychic in town." And I was like, "There's a pet psychic in town? This is a real thing?" We went the next day to an event the psychic was attending. He looked back and forth between me and my dog and my husband for a while, and then he finally said, "Well, she's sick because she's upset and because she was upset, she ate corncobs. And the reason she's upset is because you and your husband have been fighting about your mother." We had been fighting about my mother-in-law and visiting my mother-in-law.
That was my aha moment. I went to college for my MBA, I was in the corporate world doing all this other stuff and really doing the 9 to 5, work-your-way-up-the-corporate-ladder thing, and I was good at it, but I was immediately like, "I don't want to do that anymore." I knew this was what I was supposed to do and this was what I'd been doing my whole life.
So did you quit right away?
No. That would've been awesome, but no, because I had an MBA salary. Instead I started a part-time business, and I'd do it on the side, just on nights and weekends. That was going pretty well, but I kept getting little messages like, "It's time, Danielle, your business can take off and you can leave the corporate world," when I would meditate, or other people would say it to me. Then we bought a new house, and the day before we signed the papers I got laid off. I took that as a sign and I was like, "All right, this is it. It's a new house, new life, I'm not going back to the corporate world, I'm going to do this work full-time."
How did you realize that you could teach other people how to do this?
I would be doing a private session with someone and their animal, and I'd get the psychic hit like, "Hey, you could this," and the person would go, "I've always wanted to do it!" And then a few people around the same time said, "Can you teach me?" I started teaching people one-on-one at first, all over the phone. Then I expanded that into classes with more people, and live classes. It's really fun to watch people look around and go, "I did it! And you did it too!" Right now I teach hundreds of people a year, but that will change when I launch my own school of animal communications at the end of the year. It will be all live webinars.
How do you start teaching someone how to do this?
There are two main basics. One is that, if you were to think about trying to do animal communication right now, wouldn't it freak you out a little?
It would, but I really love dogs, so I guess it would also be exciting.
Well, what happens is that people love animals and they want to try it, but then they think, Can I do this? I really want to do this well. Am I good enough to do this? All these emotions come up. So the beginning classes are really about dealing with all those fears and emotions, and teaching them how to deal with them so they can be in what I call "The Zone." When you're in the "The Zone," you can do animal communication, so that's the first part.
The second part is teaching people how animals will communicate, because there are several different ways that animals can get intuitive information to you. Most people are used to TV, so they think, Well, the animal is going to send me a picture in my head, and they spend all their time looking for that, but there are many ways information can come in.
It can come in through a picture, it can come in through words, but those words are usually like, "love boy," or, "big ball," or, "always cold," so they're short phrases. People can get feelings, like they connect with an animal who is an anxious animal, and as soon as they connect, they go, Oh, I feel so anxious, but it's actually the animal. The way I receive a lot of information is a data dump. Without seeing it, feeling it, or hearing it, suddenly I just know stuff from that animal. It's hard enough to try this and put yourself out there when you don't have any tangible evidence, and then to just not have something you felt, thought, or heard, and just know what you have in your head? That's a scary thing.
Do dogs and cats communicate differently?
No. They communicate based on personality, so you could meet a cat who is standoffish as well as a dog who is standoffish, and they're going to be that way when you communicate with them. If you have an excitable dog, most likely when you go to communicate with your dog, that dog's going to be like, "Hello! I love you! I love you!"
Do you notice a difference if some animals are more intelligent than others?
No. This is kind of the crux of my work. What I've learned is that at the deepest level, animals know everything, and I know it's going to make me sound crazy, but my dog knows my financial situation, my dog knows where my son is going to school, my dog knows everything about me. He could be a dog, a cat, he could be a hamster, a mouse, but if this animal is connected to me, then they know everything about me, they just choose not to deal on that level. Animals are working with humans to teach us unconditional love; their natural state is accepting a loving, whole place. A human's natural state is that we don't quite trust, we don't believe in ourselves, we don't feel safe. When you're talking with an animal intuitively at the deepest level, there's no intelligence difference. In fact, many of them seem to be a lot smarter than most of us.
Do you need a human that the animal has a connection with to communicate effectively?
No, not at all. You can communicate with animals in shelters and wild animals, and they don't necessarily have humans connected to them, it's just that a lot of people who would come to see me, they're the humans coming to see me and bringing their animal. But I have found that the animal is able to help the human. I love communicating with humans and animals because there's always going to be healing that occurs during that communication.
I'm not sure I follow. Can you give me an example?
This woman brought her dog, Jesus, to me, who was peeing in a plant in the kitchen inappropriately. I was like, "I have to fix this problem with Jesus." So I connected with the woman, but then I connected with Jesus, and I said, "So what's going on? Do you not know where outside is?" And he was like, "I know where outside is, Danielle." So I asked him to tell me what was up and what he told me was that he was peeing in the plant whenever there was violence happening in the kitchen. I wasn't totally psyched to tell this woman who did not tell me, in any way, that there was physical abuse going on. That's a really hard thing to do, is to go to someone who just wants me to tell them, "Hey, he's got a bladder infection so take him to the vet," and instead say, "So you're being physically abused and he's concerned about it, so here's how he's handling it." I've had to build my business in such a way that people have to understand when they come to me, I'm not just going to fix their dog because that's not what it's about; it's about this connection between the human and the animal, so their deep, intimate stuff is probably going to come up.
What kind of problems are the most common that people come to you for help?
Their animal is sick and they don't know what to do. Behavior problems like the dog is barking or pulling their fur out. Sometimes people are just like, "I love him so much and I just want to make sure he knows." And the funny thing is I'll connect with the animal and the animal will be like, "I know. She tells me every single minute of every day."
Do you find that the amount of time a dog or cat has been in a person's life makes a difference? Like my mom has had a puppy for a month right now and she's like…
Beside herself?
Yes, but also, like, getting very frustrated. She realized he's getting really anxious in his crate and I was like, "Well, you've only had him for like a month. You have to remember he hasn't been in your life for a very long time. He's still getting used to it."
I don't find that length of time makes it easier or harder. If it's hard, it's because that animal is teaching that person something. So the anxiety of the puppy in this case is reflecting the anxiety of your mom, and you know how your mom is kind of high-strung anyway? She's not, like, the most relaxed person?
Yeah...
So this puppy is going to be working with her on that. So if your mom doesn't start working on her anxiety, and you know how she's busy a lot of the time and doesn't settle down very easily? So the puppy is going to keep being like this until your mom starts addressing that. You could take him to a trainer and the trainer could calm the puppy down, but the puppy is still going to be working on this level with your mom to help your mom, so really the only solution is to have your mom deal with her anxiety and her inability to kind of take time for herself.
Whoa. That is exactly why I wanted her to get a dog. Anyway! What about when people come to you because they rescued an animal and they don't know anything about it?
If that's all somebody wants, then I usually say we shouldn't do a session. Animals are spending their days wanting to live in the present, and they don't want to talk about what happened to them in the past. I would say 1 out of every 100 animals that I talk with will go into what happened to them in the past, so it's a really small percentage. Most likely, had you brought your dog to me and that was going on, the dog would've been like, "Yeah, some stuff happened, but whatever, now I want to talk about my human dad because he acts funny when he's…" you know what I mean? They'll change the subject and go to the other stuff that's more interesting and more pertinent.
What do you do when skeptics come at you and say things like, "She's making it up," or, "This can't be real"?
I see it sometimes on my Facebook page, but I never worry about it. I don't address it. There are some people that are absolutely not going to be OK with what I do because it scares them or they think I'm a horrible person, and I'm OK with that. If I spent time going out there and seeking out those people to prove something to them, it would mean that I don't totally believe in what I'm doing.
Do you have people constantly coming up to you when they find out what they do, asking for you to talk to their pet real quick?
I used to deal with that a lot, but I've developed some strong boundaries. If I'm at the gym, I can't sit there in the middle of a box jump and talk about your dog. Some people will think I'm jerky because I don't want to do it when I'm not working, but you wouldn't go up to a doctor that you see in a grocery store and say, "Can you just tell me, is this a rash or cancer or something?"
OK, I have one more question. One of my coworkers is dying to know: can animals sense ghosts?
I don't believe in ghosts, but what I do believe in is that our spirits and energies hang around. An animal that is still here can absolutely communicate and connect with an animal or person on the other side. You know how sometimes you see a cat staring off into space kind of looking a little kooky? Most of the time that's because they're connecting with, talking to, or watching someone on the other side, or a spirit.
But dogs don't really do that.
Yes, they do. They totally do that. Let's say you have two dogs. If one crosses over, the two dogs are still in communication with each other, so the dog who's still left here may actually start doing behavior that the dog who crossed over would do, and it's because the dog that crossed over will kind of egg him on, like, "Hey, go do that howling thing I used to do at the bottom of the stairs." So it kind of freaks people out sometimes, but they're in communication and the dog who crosses over wants you to know.
In December 2015, Danielle is launching her online school, the Danielle MacKinnon School of Animal Communication, through which she'll teach others how to communicate intuitively with animals. Visit daniellemackinnon.com and sign up for her newsletter to receive the official launch invitation.
This interview has been edited and condensed.
Follow Alie on Twitter.
Federal agents attempted to alter evidence and fabricate a story about gang ties for a Dreamer the government is trying to deport, the illegal immigrant's lawyers said in court filings Thursday night, escalating a case that's become a major test of President Trump's immigration policies.
Daniel Ramirez was approved twice under the Obama administration's 2012 deportation amnesty, the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals program, or DACA, which is supposed to prevent recipients from being kicked out of the country.
But the 23-year-old Mexican was snared in a raid last week when agents came to grab his father, an eight-times deported illegal immigrant, and is now awaiting his own deportation in a case his lawyers say is a test of major constitutional protections for illegal immigrants who've been granted DACA.
“As a Dreamer, Mr. Ramirez has constitutional rights that deserve to be protected,” his lawyers said in their brief, filed in federal district court in Washington state late Thursday.
At issue are competing visions of Mr. Obama's 2012 program. When it was created, Homeland Security characterized DACA as discretionary and revocable at any time, based on officers' judgments.
But Mark D. Rosenbaum, one of Mr. Ramirez's lawyers, said DACA is actually a “solemn promise” to illegal immigrants that if they turned over their information to the government, they would not be “arbitrarily and capriciously arrested and detained.”
He said the government has botched the case from its initial arrest up through now, with Mr. Ramirez still in custody and awaiting a deportation hearing.
“What began, I thought, as a mistake in bringing Daniel in has turned into a bogus operation that is attempting to railroad him and violate the sacred promise that the DACA program represents,” Mr. Rosenbaum said.
Immigrant rights groups have said Mr. Ramirez's case suggests no illegal immigrant is safe.
But for now, Mr. Ramirez's case appears to be an outlier.
The government is still processing DACA applications, and has respected DACA approvals in other cases. The Border Patrol said it encountered a DACA-approved illegal immigrant in New York in the last few days as part of an operation, and let him go because of his status.
Homeland Security has said that Mr. Ramirez lost his ability to be part of DACA because of his gang affiliations.
The government says Mr. Ramirez not only had a gang tattoo, but said he admitted he used to “hang out” with the Sureno gang in California, fled that state to get away from gangs, but still “hangs out” with the Paizas gang in Washington.
Mr. Rosenbaum flatly rejected those claims, saying the DACA application process Mr. Ramirez has gone through twice before included checks of gang affiliations, and he was not flagged either time.
He said Mr. Ramirez has one tattoo, but it doesn't match any known gang tattoo. The design says “La Paz BCS.” “La Paz” means “peace,” and BCS stands for Baja California Sur, where Mr. Ramirez was born, Mr. Rosenbaum said.
He also said the government fabricated evidence this week when it took a document Mr. Ramirez filed where he stated he wasn't a gang member, and erased words to make it look like he was a gang member.
“It is one of the most serious examples of governmental misconduct I've come across in my 40 years of practice,” Mr. Rosenbaum said.
ICE says DACA has always been at the discretion of the government. Homeland Security, in a statement this week, said about 1,500 recipients who had been approved have later been ousted from the program because of a criminal conviction or gang-related activities.
Copyright © 2019 The Washington Times, LLC. Click here for reprint permission.
Cape Town - It is more dangerous to be a farmer than a police officer in SA, a debate on farm murders heard on Tuesday in the National Assembly.
Opening the discussion, which quickly turned into a race row, FF Plus MP Pieter Groenewald said there had been a decrease in farm murders because farmers were forced to protect themselves.
He said he understood that farm attacks did not only target whites, but that black farmers were also victims.
He also gave examples of horrific crimes against white farmers in the country, before asking for a moment of silence.
"If you look at the numbers, it is almost more dangerous to be a farmer than to be a police officer in the country," he said.
Cope leader Mosiuoa Lekota got a standing ovation from a few members in the gallery when he said the right narrative on farm murders had to come from Parliament.
To stop what was going on in the country, MPs had to act like the elected leaders that they were.
He condemned President Jacob Zuma's call for expropriation of land without compensation, despite what was in the Constitution.
"When we say things that mislead our people into attacking each other, we are the prime source of the problem. Here we have someone who is telling people they are going to take land without compensation, someone who lacks political backbone," he said.
Lekota slammed some politicians such as Julius Malema, who has called for land expropriation without compensation.
"We cannot keep quiet when [EFF leader Julius] Malema stands on platforms and swears at some sections of the population, threatening them and saying they must wait until he comes into power. Men and women of backbone must speak so that our children are not misled."
'Vomiting on forgiveness'
Agang MP Andries Plouamma raised the ire of MPs when he called on "white farmers to stop vomiting on the forgiveness of black people".
He was accused of gross racial stereotyping when he said white farmers should "minimise their arrogance".
The EFF detailed the attacks on black farmworkers in recent years, issues the FF Plus had overlooked, MP Hlengiwe Mkhalipi said.
This included the recent case of a farmworker who was forced into a coffin, and the worker who was shot and injured with a pellet gun, while riding a bicycle, because he had been "mistaken for a monkey".
"Black people have to endure the violence of poverty," she said.
DA MP Annette Steyn said farm murders were becoming so common that people did not bat an eyelid anymore when someone was murdered.
During 2015/16, a total of 18 673 murders were recorded - an average of 51.2 murders per day, she said.
"We may disagree with the reasons for [farm] murders, some may say it is because farmers mistreat their workers or because 'they stole our land', but we have to agree that the torture of any person by another is inhumane and barbaric."
Police Minister Nathi Nhleko said all lives mattered and farm murders were a concern just like all killings. He had no desire to trivialise the killings and attacks on farms, he said.
He detailed some of their successes in decreasing farm murders.
"A loss of life is one too many. These statistics are by no means celebratory," he said.
The Yellow Dogs risked everything to become famous rock stars under the shadow of a repressive regime, but after a former friend went on a shooting spree last week, the Iranian band seems destined to be known for the untimely death of two of their members.
On Monday night, friends and family, along with fans loyal and new, gathered in an attempt to preserve their legacy, remembering the murdered artists' vibrant lives instead of dwelling on the tragedy and grisly headlines.
Bands from New York and around the world gathered at Brooklyn Bowl, a bowling alley and musical venue in north Williamsburg where the Yellow Dogs had previously performed. The surviving members of the Yellow Dogs, Siavash "Obash" Karampour and Koory Mirzeai had announced the concert on Sunday night. “Tomorrow night we are having the memorial for our brothers, your legacy will live forever,” they wrote on Twitter. Earlier in the week they had vowed to continue playing.
Last week, Ali Akbar Mohammedi Rafie shot and killed two members of the band, Arash and Soroush Farazmand, as well as their roommate and fellow musician Ali Eskandarian, at their apartment on 318 Maujer Street in Brooklyn. Rafie then turned his gun on himself. The senseless shootings struck to the core of the borough's closely knit coterie of musicians, as well as New York's Iranian community.
According to the Yellow Dogs' representative, the concert had been arranged by friends of the band and a booking agent for the Bowl, and the performers had come together in support of and friendship with Karampour and Mirzeai. The proceeds of the concert are intended to go to the victims' family members and "help with the costs incurred by the tragedy."
The show began with a reading and acoustic performance by Johnny Azari, who had played with Eskandarian and other Iranian expatriots in a band called Freedom Glory Project, born out of the Green Movement in 2009. Azari read a short poem, “Reflections on a Murdered Friend". “This horror will not let my memory of Mr Eskandarian go to the dogs of hate and madness,” he said. “I shall remember him as a man who wanted to unburden hearts with a song, tear down governments with pure volume, and fight for art and humanity til he was gray and old.” Azari then launched into the Freedom Glory Project's anthem, “Freedom Glory Be Thy Name”, his gravelly voice reminiscent of Johnny Cash at his most elegiac.
King Rahm of Hypernova, also a member of the Freedom Glory Project, had come to pay tribute as well. “I just wanted to be here to remember the guys,” he said, before being encircled by a group of close friends.
The organizers were determined to keep the mood upbeat. “Baby Where Did Our Love Go?” and “Sugar Pie Honey Bunch” played throughout the Bowl as the room filled up and a montage of Yellow Dog rehearsals flashed on almost every screen in the venue.
But just one week later, emotions were still raw. “I'm not ready to talk about it,” said a young woman who sported dreadlocks and said she had been friends with the Yellow Dogs.
For most of the evening, people milled about in small groups; some young with wild hair, caftans, and cocktails; others older, obviously parents or relatives coming to grieve or support those who were affected directly. There were long breaks between acts by Shirin Neshat, the Iranian artist, and Kyp Malone, of TV On the Radio, during which attendees could sign a memorial board for the fallen rockers. But most chose to stand together on the dancefloor, taking delicate sips of beer and seeking comfort in each other's company.
Many who attended couldn't walk more than a few feet into the venue without being enveloped in a warm embrace. Everyone seemed to know each other, and everyone shared some connection to the Yellow Dogs.
Darya Rosikaina, 22, was there because her friend had dated a band member. John, a guitarist in his twenties, had come to support his Persian friends. “Everybody knows them, and nobody had a problem with them,” said Francois Vauxelaire, a 32-year-old from Belgium who had gotten to know the two slain brothers, Arash and Soroush Farazmand, because one of his friends had gone out with a member of the band. He recalled spending late nights with the group. “Someone was [home] at all hours of the day. You could end up there at 3am,” he recalled.
Prior to the concert, Cameo Gallery in Brooklyn had hosted a silent, candle-lit memorial service with friends, family, and well-wishers. “There were so many people there from all different backgrounds,” said one concertgoer, who still clung to one of the pink roses handed out during the vigil. “A few people spoke,” she added. “It was very beautiful, really incredible.”
Cameo Gallery (@cameogallery) Always In Our Hearts #YellowDogs pic.twitter.com/awSgft1bf2
Nady had come to Brooklyn Bowl support her daughter, who was one of the organizers of the Brooklyn Bowl concert. An avowed fan of No One Knows About Persian Cats, a semi-fictional film featuring the Yellow Dogs, she still struggled to make sense of the tragedy that has struck such a chord with the community.
“In Iran, guns are not in the hands of people. There are a lot of guns, but not in the hands of the people. Here, the guns are in the hands of the people,” she said.
As often happens when a band makes headlines, no matter how tragic, the Yellow Dogs had also picked up some new fans that week. Sara Rezaeian, a 26-year-old architect hadn't heard of the Yellow Dogs until their tragic death. “I just came to see. Really I don't know much about them. It was a last minute decision, my friend told me about this,” she said outside the concert. After reading about the band in the news, she had decided to check out their music and decided that “I really, really like them.”
Medhi Ghazi, had considered himself more of a classical music fan before encountering the Yellow Dogs. He had just started to get into their music when tragedy struck. Feeling obligated to pay his respects, he'd decided to come to the Brooklyn Bowl on Monday, even though it wasn't his usual scene. “Maybe it's not so good to have this in a bowling alley,” he said, “But it's good how the [Iranian] community comes together.”
One year ago today Hurricane Sandy made landfall in New Jersey, killing more than 100 people and causing more than $50 billion in damage. Global warming activists and their media allies will spin the anniversary as a wake-up call to impose costly economic restrictions in the name of combating global warming. In reality, we should thank global warming for making hurricanes less frequent and less severe. Indeed, Hurricane Sandy may well have been much more deadly in the absence of global warming.
As an initial matter, we must keep in mind that hurricanes are nothing new. Hurricanes slammed the U.S. coast long before people drove SUVs and enjoyed the many benefits of affordable, coal-powered electricity. Nevertheless, global warming activists attempt to connect every hurricane, tornado, drought and flood to global warming, as if these are all new climatological events ushered in by our modern economy. We can easily determine whether global warming is having a substantial impact on such extreme weather events by examining historical records. If hurricanes and other extreme weather events are becoming more frequent and severe in recent decades, this is significant evidence that global warming may be making extreme weather worse.
Any way you measure it, however, global warming is having no impact or a beneficial impact on hurricanes. Objective National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration data show hurricanes are becoming less frequent as our climate warms. Atmospheric scientist and tropical cyclone climatologist Ryan Maue presents the data for all to see on his Policlimate website. The data show quite clearly that for as long as satellites have tracked global hurricane and tropical storm activity (since 1970), hurricane and tropical storm activity has been in steady decline.
Importantly, the declining trend in hurricanes is especially strong regarding major hurricanes. Major hurricanes (Category 3 or higher) struck the United States 50 percent more often during the first half of the 20th century than in the decades since. (see Past Tracks of U.S. Landfalling Major Hurricanes) As our planet warms, the strongest hurricanes are the hurricanes in most striking decline. Indeed, the United States is currently experiencing its longest period in recorded history (since records began in 1850) without a major hurricane strike. It has been 8 years since a major hurricane struck the United States, blowing away the old record of 6 years, 2 months.
The trend is also striking regarding Northeast U.S. hurricanes. Major hurricanes routinely struck the U.S. Northeast during the 1930s, 1940s and 1950s. (see Past Tracks of U.S. Landfalling Major Hurricanes) From 1960 through 2010, however, just one major hurricane struck the U.S. Northeast. Hurricane Sandy brought merely 80 mph, Category 1 winds at its New Jersey landfall, which pales in comparison to prior hurricanes, such as Hurricane Carol which struck Long Island as a Category 3 hurricane in 1954. When people say, “We never used to have hurricane events like this here in the Northeast,” it is only because those people either weren't alive or don't remember the much stronger and more frequent Northeast hurricanes before our recent global warming.
For global warming activists, uninformed media pundits and the weak of mind, Hurricane Sandy may well provide a convenient opportunity to sell a fictitious global warming hurricane crisis. For the rest of us, we should thank global warming for its beneficial impacts on hurricanes that save countless lives with each passing year.
We need to emulate browser environment on server to run Highcharts and we can do that using PhantomJs . PhantomJS, a headless WebKit with JavaScript API. The Phantom process takes our highcharts-convert.js script as an argument plus command line parameters. With the command line parameters we pass over the Highcharts configuration, the name of the output file and parameters for the graphical layout .
phantomjs highcharts-convert.js -infile $options -constr StockChart -outfile $file_name -scale 2.5 -width 800
Configuration
Our options file will be dynamic we will fetch data from server and write to this file , other options are below
-infile The file to convert, the script have to find if this is a javascript file with a options object or a svg file. It checks the input file for beginning with “<svg”, “<?xml” or “<!doctype”. Then it's a svg file, otherwise it's presumed to be an options file.
-constr The constructor name. Can be one of Chart or StockChart. This depends on whether you want to generate Highstock or basic Highcharts.
-outfile The file to output. Must be a filename with the extension .jpg, .png .pdf or .svg.
-scale To set the zoomFactor of the page rendered by PhantomJs. For example, if the chart.width option in the chart configuration is set to 600 and the scale is set to 2, the output raster image will have a pixel width of 1200. So this is a convenient way of increasing the resolution without decreasing the font size and line widths in the chart. This is ignored if the -width parameter is set.
-width Set the exact pixel width of the exported image or pdf. This overrides the -scale parameter.
We will put some of our constants in the config file . This file will have path for highcharts-convert.js , options file path , type of chart and output file path
<?php return [ 'phantomjs' => public_path('charts/phantomjs'), 'highcharts_convert' => public_path('charts/highcharts-convert.js'), 'infile' => public_path('charts/images/options.json'), 'constr' => 'StockChart', 'outfile' => public_path('charts/images/test.png'), ];
If you are using windows then download phantomjs and give absolute path to phantomjs like below
<?php return [ 'phantomjs' => 'D:\phantomjs\phantomjs', 'highcharts_convert' => public_path('charts/highcharts-convert.js'), 'infile' => public_path('charts/images/options.json'), 'constr' => 'StockChart', 'outfile' => public_path('charts/images/test.png'), ];
Now create a directory inside the public folder as charts and copy all files from project on github to your project . Open public/charts/highcharts-convert.js and check if paths are correct for jquery , highcharts.js and highcharts-more.js .
Creating Command for Highcharts
Create a new command using artisan
php artisan command:make GenerateCharts
Change the command name in your new generated class to charts:generate and inject ChartsRepo which we are going to create in next step . Now when you execute php artisan charts:generate fire method will be executed so we will run our execute from ChartsRepo in fire method like below .
<?php use Illuminate\Console\Command; use Symfony\Component\Console\Input\InputOption; use Symfony\Component\Console\Input\InputArgument; class GenerateCharts extends Command { /** * The console command name. * * @var string */ protected $name = 'charts:generate'; protected $chartsRepo ; /** * The console command description. * * @var string */ protected $description = 'Generate Server Side Charts.'; /** * Create a new command instance. * * @return void */ public function __construct(KodeInfo\ChartsRepo $chartsRepo) { $this->chartsRepo = $chartsRepo; parent::__construct(); } /** * Execute the console command. * * @return mixed */ public function fire() { $this->chartsRepo->generate(); } }
Creating Repository to handle Command
Create a new folder inside the app and name it KodeInfo , create a new class inside KodeInfo and name it ChartsRepo . We dont need to inject filesystem and config inside construct since we have only one method at present . In our generate method we are getting data from analytics table and creating a json string to write to option file .
$this->config = \Config::get('charts'); $this->filesystem = new \Illuminate\Filesystem\Filesystem(); //Get data and create options file $rows = DB::table("analytics")->get(); $result = ""; $start_fake_json = "{ series: [{ data: ["; $result .= $start_fake_json; for($i = 0; $i < sizeof($rows); $i++) { $dd = Carbon::parse($rows[$i]->created_at); $rows[$i]->date = $dd->timestamp * 1000; if(is_null($rows[$i]->visits)){ $result .= "[{$rows[$i]->date},null]"; }else{ $result .= "[{$rows[$i]->date},{$rows[$i]->visits}]"; } if ($i != (sizeof($rows) - 1)) { $result .= ","; } } $end_fake_json = "], type: 'areaspline', color: '#3cf', threshold: null, fillColor: { linearGradient: { x1: 0, y1: 0, x2: 0, y2: 1 }, stops: [ [0, '#33CCFF'], [1, '#81DCFF'] ] } }] ,xAxis:{ labels:{ enabled : false } } ,yAxis:{ labels:{ style: { fontSize: '20px', fontWeight: 'bold' } } } ,navigator : { enabled : false },rangeSelector:{ enabled:false },scrollbar : { enabled : false },credits: { enabled: false } }"; $result .= $end_fake_json; if (!empty ($result)) { \File::put($this->config['infile'],$result); }
I know it is not the clever way to create a json string but i will update on it . I have also added some additional properties like color , gradient to our chart . Now write the string to file which we gave in our config . Last step is to create the chart using our newly created options file .
//Generate Charts now $phantomjs = $this->config['phantomjs']; $highcharts_convert = $this->config['highcharts_convert']; $infile = $this->config['infile']; $constr = $this->config['constr']; $outfile = $this->config['outfile']; $command = "$phantomjs $highcharts_convert -infile $infile -constr $constr -outfile $outfile -scale 2.5 -width 800"; system($command, $output);
We have everything ready but table and seeders are left . Lets create a new migration create_analytics_table and create four columns id,visits,created_at and updated_at
<?php use Illuminate\Database\Schema\Blueprint; use Illuminate\Database\Migrations\Migration; class CreateAnalyticsTable extends Migration { /** * Run the migrations. * * @return void */ public function up() { Schema::create('analytics',function($table){ $table->increments('id'); $table->integer('visits'); $table->timestamps(); }); } /** * Reverse the migrations. * * @return void */ public function down() { Schema::dropIfExists('analytics'); } }
Our seeder just inserts random visit values into the table
When DeAndre Jordan was not named to the All-Star team last season, Clippers coach Doc Rivers called it "a travesty." Will this be the year the big man breaks through and earns his first All-Star appearance?
We asked our ESPN Forecast panel to predict the players that are most likely to make their first All-Star team in 2015-16. Voters were allowed to select anywhere from zero to five names for the East and zero to five names for the West.
Who received the most votes?
To participate in the discussion and perhaps get your opinion published on this page, #ESPNForecast is the Twitter hashtag to use. Or you can just follow along @ESPNNBA.
Most likely first-time All-Stars
1. DeAndre Jordan
Clippers | Center
Western Conference
Votes: 33
@ESPNNBA #ESPNForecast DeAndre deserves the #1 spot, primarily because the Clippers promised him a bigger part of the offense. - Zach (@zjl00) August 27, 2015
2. Kawhi Leonard
Spurs | Small forward
Western Conference
Votes: 32
@ESPNNBA @kawhileonard He might not get the popular vote. But I believe he will make the team. #ESPNForecast - jose (@Jose_VLR) August 27, 2015
3. Andre Drummond
Pistons | Center
Eastern Conference
Votes: 25
@ESPNNBA with Monroe gone the paint will be open for Drummond to have a good offensive year. Definite all star this year! #ESPNForecast - Nick Cole (@nick5cole) August 27, 2015
4. Draymond Green
Warriors | Power forward
Western Conference
Votes: 24
@ESPNNBA @Money23Green Forward in the West currently too loaded 4 Draymonds breakthrough. Stuck behind Blake LaMarcus KD Kawhi#ESPNForecast - legend (@imbaelesscuh) August 27, 2015
5. Bradley Beal
Wizards | Shooting guard
Eastern Conference
Votes: 22
@ESPNNBA @RealDealBeal23 Beal is due for a Klay Thompson like explosive season in him fresh off his strong playoff performance #ESPNForecast - legend (@imbaelesscuh) August 27, 2015
6. Andrew Wiggins
Timberwolves | Small forward
Western Conference
Votes: 19
Kobe once said @22wiggins reminded him of himself @ 19y/o (Bryant made his 1st @ 19) expect Wiggins to make the All-Star team #ESPNForecast - Chris Cards (@iAmChrisCards) August 27, 2015
#ESPNForecast Andrew Wiggins easily the most likely to make his 1st ASG this year. It's in Toronto. All of Canada will vote him in. - Miami Cane (@CaneMiami) August 27, 2015
7. Mike Conley
Grizzlies | Point guard
Western Conference
Votes: 18
A healthy mike Conley means a different series against Golden State. It's high time people recognized him #ESPNForecast - Keith Maphosa (@Keith2Maphosa) August 27, 2015
8. Giannis Antetokounmpo
Bucks | Small forward
Eastern Conference
Votes: 15
@espnnba #ESPNForecast GA34 has a good chance of making his 1st ASG due to his versatility and improvement this off-season. - Zach (@zjl00) August 27, 2015
9. Goran Dragic
Heat | Point guard
Eastern Conference
Votes: 14
@ESPNNBA #ESPNforecast Dragic is a year removed from being a 3rd Team All NBA.. A duplicate of that season would definitely mean All Star - Parker Fleming (@PAKA_FLOCKA) August 27, 2015
10. Greg Monroe
Bucks | Center
Eastern Conference
Votes: 12
Also receiving votes: Nikola Vucevic, Magic, 10; Al Jefferson, Hornets, 9; Monta Ellis, Pacers, 8; Rudy Gobert, Jazz, 8; Serge Ibaka, Thunder, 7; Gordon Hayward, Jazz, 6; Victor Oladipo, Magic, 6; Isaiah Thomas, Celtics, 6; Nikola Mirotic, Bulls, 4; Hassan Whiteside, Heat, 4; Khris Middleton, Bucks, 3; Jahlil Okafor, 76ers, 3; Jabari Parker, Bucks, 3; Chandler Parsons, Mavericks, 3; Michael Carter-Williams, Bucks, 2; Enes Kanter, Thunder, 2; Ty Lawson, Rockets, 2; Timofey Mozgov, Cavaliers, 2; Nerlens Noel, 76ers, 2; Tristan Thompson, Cavaliers, 2; Jonas Valanciunas, Raptors, 2; Kemba Walker, Hornets, 2; Tony Allen, Grizzlies, 1; Eric Bledsoe, Suns, 1; DeMarre Carroll, Raptors, 1; Tyreke Evans, Pelicans, 1; Derrick Favors, Jazz, 1; Rudy Gay, Kings, 1; Tobias Harris, Magic, 1; George Hill, Pacers, 1; Michael Kidd-Gilchrist, Hornets, 1; Wesley Matthews, Mavericks, 1; C.J. McCollum, Trail Blazers, 1; Marcus Smart, Celtics, 1; Cody Zeller, Hornets, 1.
More on All-Star predictions
Pelton: Top 10 most likely first-time All-Stars
TrueHoop TV: Look East for new All-Stars
Time to reform NBA All-Star voting process?
Antibacterial hand sanitizers are marketed to the public as an effective way to wash one's hands when traditional soap and water are not available. These "waterless" products are particularly popular with parents of small children. Manufacturers of hand sanitizers claim that the sanitizers kill 99.9 percent of germs. Since you naturally use hand sanitizers to cleanse your hands, the assumption is that 99.9 percent of harmful germs are killed by the sanitizers. Research studies suggest that this is not the case.
How Do Hand Sanitizers Work?
Hand sanitizers work by stripping away the outer layer of oil on the skin. This usually prevents bacteria present in the body from coming to the surface of the hand. However, these bacteria that are normally present in the body are generally not the kinds of bacteria that will make us sick. In a review of the research, Barbara Almanza, an associate professor at Purdue University who teaches safe sanitation practices to workers, came to an interesting conclusion. She notes that the research shows that hand sanitizers do not significantly reduce the number of bacteria on the hand and in some cases may potentially increase the amount of bacteria. So the question arises, how can the manufacturers make the 99.9 percent claim?
How Can Manufacturers Make the 99.9 Percent Claim?
The manufacturers of the products test the products on bacteria-tainted inanimate surfaces, hence they are able to derive the claims of 99.9 percent of bacteria killed. If the products were fully tested on hands, there would no doubt be different results. Since there is inherent complexity in the human hand, testing hands would definitely be more difficult. Using surfaces with controlled variables is an easier way to obtain some type of consistency in the results. But, as we are all aware, everyday life is not as consistent.
Hand Sanitizer vs. Hand Soap and Water
Interestingly enough, the Food and Drug Administration, in regards to regulations concerning proper procedures for food services, recommends that hand sanitizers not be used in place of hand soap and water but only as an adjunct. Likewise, Almanza recommends that to properly sanitize the hands, soap and water should be used during handwashing. A hand sanitizer can not and should not take the place of proper cleansing procedures with soap and water.
Hand sanitizers can be a useful alternative when the option of using soap and water is not available. An alcohol-based sanitizer that contains at least 60% alcohol should be used to ensure that germs are killed. Since hand sanitizers don't remove dirt and oils on hands, it is best to wipe your hands with a towel or napkin before applying the sanitizer.
What About Antibacterial Soaps?
Research on the use of consumer antibacterial soaps has shown that plain soaps are just as effective as antibacterial soaps in reducing bacteria related illnesses. In fact, using consumer antibacterial soap products may increase bacterial resistance to antibiotics in some bacteria. These conclusions only apply to consumer antibacterial soaps and not to those used in hospitals or other clinical areas. Other studies suggest that ultra-clean environments and the persistent use of antibacterial soaps and hand sanitizers may inhibit proper immune system development in children. This is because inflammatory systems require greater exposure to common germs for proper development.
In September 2016, the U.S. Food and Drug Administration banned the marketing of over-the-counter antibacterial products that contain several ingredients including triclosan and triclocarban. Triclosan in antibacterial soaps and other products has been linked to the development of certain diseases.
Trump reiterated his threats on Wednesday to pull the United States back from existing trade deals, arguing they were against the national interest. As Trump threatens to retreat from global trade, other world powers are exploring new economic ties.
The European Union and Japan are expected on Thursday to announce plans for a major new free trade agreement. The E.U.-Japanese deal, which has only been negotiated in broad terms thus far, would lower barriers to exports of cars flowing in both directions, and reduce Japanese barriers to imports of trains and agricultural products, including cheese and chocolate, according to media reports. It would create a free trade area similar in size to North America, which is linked by the 1994 NAFTA agreement.
If completed, the E.U.-Japan trade deal would be a sign of other top economies adjusting to a new world order in which they attempt to work around the United States instead of looking to it for direction on building global trade. Trump, with support from Congress, already ended an effort for the United States to reach a trade agreement with Japan and other Asian countries, and he has threatened to withdraw from the North American Free Trade Agreement and from a separate trade agreement with South Korea.
Amid strengthening overseas opposition, Trump faces one of the most consequential economic decisions of his tenure so far, as he considers imposing new restrictions on steel imports to protect U.S. producers — a move vociferously opposed by Germany and other U.S. allies. The Commerce Department was close to recommending new restrictions, but other top Trump advisers warned it could lead to major economic fallout. Now the decision is hanging over both the administration and the summit of global leaders.
Related: [Trump promised to make trade fair again. Is he succeeding?]
Trump's advisers plan to push other countries at the G-20 to agree to concrete steps that would crack down on the way China exports steel, people briefed on the planning said, and if Trump is successful in this effort it could buttress his willingness to challenge other countries on a range of issues. But if the attempt backfires and numerous countries reject the U.S. push, it could further isolate the country.
The divergent trade approaches have set up the G-20 as a potential crossroads for the international economic order. Trump is attempting to leverage the United States' economic power to negotiate new deals in the country's favor, while foreign leaders appear increasingly ready to bypass the United States in favor of stronger ties elsewhere.
"There was a question mark there, as to whether or not the E.U. would be able to continue signing free trade agreements in the future," said André Sapir, an international trade expert and a former economic adviser to the European Union's Director General for Economic and Financial Affairs. "This indeed demonstrates that the E.U. is able to do that."
"Going into the G-20, it's demonstrating that indeed the E.U. and Japan want to continue to have a liberal trade agenda and show that there are other countries able to pursue this agenda without the United States," Sapir said.
There are also signs that other nations are willing to challenge Trump more directly. German Chancellor Angela Merkel, who faces elections in September in a country where Trump is deeply unpopular, said she would press Trump about his trade threats as well as his recent decision to withdraw from the 2016 Paris climate agreement that aimed to curb greenhouse gas emissions. In advance of the meeting, Merkel and Trump discussed "global steel overcapacity" in a phone call on Monday, something that could become the top trade issue at the summit. Germany is a large exporter of steel and officials there worry they could be caught in any U.S. crackdown.
"There has been no love lost between Germany and Trump from the beginning, but now Chancellor Merkel is operating in campaign mode where all the numbers show that President Trump is deeply disliked," said Michal Baranowski, director of the Warsaw office for the German Marshall Fund of the United States, a think tank. "The concern is certainly very high about protectionist language and potentially protectionist ideas coming from the Trump administration."
"It is important for us to wave the flag of free trade in response to global moves toward protectionism by quickly concluding the free trade agreement with Europe," Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe said on Tuesday, according to Reuters, as he touted the potential Japan-E. U. trade pact.
Trump appeared ready for a scrap ahead of the meeting. "The United States made some of the worst Trade Deals in world history. Why should we continue these deals with countries that do not help us?" he wrote in a Wednesday morning Twitter post. That followed a Monday post in which Trump implied he might soon take action on steel, writing "Don't like steel & aluminum dumping!"
U.S. officials have accused China — not Germany and Canada — of "dumping" excess steel on global markets in a way that drives down prices. Because China is a G-20 country, Trump could try — for the first time — to directly challenge Chinese leader Xi Jinping in person at the Hamburg meeting. The United States imports very little steel from China, but Trump administration officials say the way China produces and exports steel still hurts the U.S. steel industry because it sells it at low prices to other countries, driving down prices.
China now makes more than half of the world's steel. Some of that steel goes to feed the factories, roads and skyscrapers that have cropped up around the country as China's economy has grown in past decades.
But U.S. companies say that the Chinese steel boom is also due to unfair government subsidies and state ownership that protects steel mills from market forces and causes them to produce much more steel than the world needs. Much of this glut of Chinese steel ends up in overseas markets, lowering the global steel price to a point where foreign companies can't profitably compete. In 2015, China produced 10 times as much crude steel as the United States.
"The United States stands firm against all unfair trading practices, including massive distortions in the global steel market and other nonmarket practices that harm U.S. workers," White House National Economic Council Director Gary Cohn said. "We ask the G-20 economies to join us in this effort and to take concrete actions to solve these problems."
U.S.-China relations are further complicated by international tensions over North Korea, after dictator Kim Jong-un's regime — to broad international condemnation — conducted a military exercise that seemed designed to demonstrate the increased range of its missile technology.
Trump took a combative posture with China ahead of the meeting, ripping the country for allegedly increasing its trade with North Korea. "Trade between China and North Korea grew almost 40 percent in the first quarter. So much for China working with us — but we had to give it a try!" Trump wrote in another Wednesday morning Twitter missive.
Trump had taken a more conciliatory approach with China in recent months, backing away from a threat to label Beijing a currency manipulator and saying he thought both countries could work closely together on a range of issues. But relations appear to have soured in recent weeks, and his Wednesday accusation that China has enabled North Korea's missile programs marks a low point between his administration and Xi.
A number of trade experts said it remains unclear whether Trump is simply threatening tariffs as a way to lure other countries to offer him concessions, or if he will follow through on new restrictions, rebuffing advice from many in his Cabinet. He has taken steps to renegotiate the North American Free Trade Agreement, and he has also said he wants a new trade deal with South Korea. But so far those efforts are only in initial stages. Global leaders have seen an opening in persuading Trump to change course, as he made a last-minute decision to renegotiate — rather than withdraw — from NAFTA after intense pressure from Canada and Mexico.
"There's a big difference between being unpredictable with your adversaries and being erratic with your friends and allies," said Daniel Price, former international economic affairs adviser to President George W. Bush, who helped organize the first G-20 summit in 2008.
Still, Merkel has emerged as one of the global leaders most willing to challenge Trump's approach.
"Those who think that the problems of this world can be solved with isolationism or protectionism are terribly wrong," she told the German parliament last week.
Trump and some of his advisers have chided Merkel over the fact that Germany exports far more goods more to the U.S. than the U.S. exports to Germany — $64 billion worth of cars, machinery and other goods in 2016.
Many trade experts believe the unbalanced trade is due in large part to Germany's use of a shared currency with the rest of the euro zone, which ends up making the euro cheaper than a strong economy like Germany would otherwise have. German officials have tried to explain this dynamic to Trump and his advisers for months, but Trump administration officials believe Germany could do more to boost their imports.
The Germans argue that their companies, including luxury automakers, invest heavily in the United States, employing more than 100,000 Americans.
Before his inauguration, Trump had threatened BMW with a 35 percent tariff over its plan to build a new plant in Mexico. And on his last trip to Europe, at a meeting of the Group of 7 in Italy, Trump told European leaders that the Germans were "very bad" on trade. "We have a MASSIVE trade deficit with Germany, plus they pay FAR LESS than they should on NATO & military. Very bad for U.S. This will change," Trump tweeted in late May.
Related: [The places in America most exposed to a trade war]
Trump ran for his election by vilifying China's trade practices, and he could try to use the G-20 summit to try to isolate Beijing over the way it produces and exports steel. Trump softened his criticism of China in the early months of his term, but in recent weeks his administration has stepped up criticism of the country for human rights violations and failing to help with North Korea.
G-20 meetings, which are held once a year in a rotation of countries, typically end with a joint statement from every nation about a range of issues that can include economic policy, international assistance and security. Officials are likely to face strains as they try to cobble together the joint statement — known as the "communique" — for this meeting, because Trump could easily block any language that he feels try to box him in on his trade or climate initiatives. But Trump could also risk alienating the White House from foreign leaders who have often looked to the U.S. for leadership on all of these issues, particularly as he is seeking more influence in global security and counterterrorism efforts.
Merkel is expected to also serve as Trump's lead antagonist on climate issues, following his June announcement that he was beginning the process of withdrawing from the Paris agreement. The announcement divided White House officials, some of whom opposed the move, and it was condemned by numerous world leaders, including those in China, Canada and the United Kingdom.
But since then, top White House officials have defended Trump's decision, saying it represents his focus on helping protect U.S. jobs and not succumbing to greenhouse gas targets that could lead to regulations.
"He cares very much about the climate," Cohn said, speaking of Trump. "He cares about the environment. But he has to enter into a deal that's fair for the American people, the American workers. He's done everything he's done based on job creation, economic growth in the United States."
This is a message Trump and his advisers are expected to make again at the G-20 meeting in the coming days when they are challenged by other leaders.
Trump leaves for the G-20 meeting on Wednesday and will first stop in Poland.
James McAuley contributed reporting from Paris.
Damian Paletta is White House economic policy reporter for The Washington Post. Before joining The Post, he covered the White House for the Wall Street Journal.
Ana Swanson covered the economy, trade and the Federal Reserve for The Washington Post. She left The Post in August 2017.
Post Recommends
“We don't make mistakes, just happy little accidents.”
― Bob Ross
We can be pretty hard on ourselves, can't we? I'm not sure why but in an essence, I think it's because of how society functions. You'll be told that no one is perfect and that's exactly how it should be. But then again, it's still perfection-obsessed whether we like it or not and a lot of the time, people are identified for something they've done wrong. Let's admit it, mistakes make for juicer gossip sessions. Having a misstep can be an agonizing experience for a lot of us but if you know about me and my blog, you know I prefer changing perspective.
Over the course of about a year now, I've started considering my mistakes as ‘happy little accidents'. Quite a lovely way of putting something we don't exactly appreciate, don't you think? It all begun when I got really into an art class I was taking my senior year, it changed me in more ways than one honestly. As a full form perfectionist, I put my all in to anything assigned, be it the smallest of tasks. Art was always something that I enjoyed although I never dove deep into it as a full fledged hobby but regardless, my school admired my work and nominated me for a scholarship in a top art school in the States.
I was thrilled but terrified. I would be working towards a portfolio in a very short amount of time against kids who had mastered the craft from a very young age. Regardless of all my worries, I was a confused senior who hadn't much of an idea what to pursue or where she was going, I needed to run into something headfirst in hopes of it pushing me in the right direction, even if my hands were covering my eyes in fear of mistakes.
I worked on my portfolio slowly and steady leaving no room for error along the way but the more I took my time, the more I noticed I had more to catch up on. My center piece, a recreation of van Gogh's Cafe Terrace at Night, was still unfinished. My art teacher urged me to take it home for finishing and reluctantly, I did. I'll always remember the happiness I felt while working on this piece, it was a genuine calmness I've never really felt before considering I was always painting in a noisy classroom. I remember I even made a few blunders through working but they made the piece so unique, so me! At the end of the day, my choices and missteps are what makes me myself and that should be addressed in a more positive light. It was at the moment that I remembered Bob Ross calling mistakes ‘happy little accidents' throughout his painting tutorials.
I submitted all my artwork on time and with the biggest feeling of accomplishment ever! Indeed, I did get a huge scholarship because of it but oddly enough, I ended up on the other side of the world with a completely different major. I do believe in everything happening for a reason and this whole experience really helped shape me today. I know a lot of the mistakes we make aren't just going to be about something as silly as a painting but I believe it's the same idea.
Consider this, you will be CONSTANTLY making mistakes whether you're careful or not. Choosing to accept them, move on, and learn is the heavy aspect of it all. It's difficult, anxiety and our worry of the people around us will consistently get in the way but with experience and the right perspective, your past will set you free. Keep looking forward regardless of your circumstances and oversights, things are looking up and the future is bright! I believe in you always.
A CYCLIST who captured footage of bank holiday "carmageddon" on Bournemouth's roads said the town's traffic has reached "crazy" levels.
Dave Williams recorded images on a helmet-mounted GoPro camera on Monday, August 28.
The 34-year-old, who has been cycling in Bournemouth for 20 years, said he passed "no less than 1,300 cars" within just two hours.
He also saw at least nine motorists using their mobile phones behind the wheel.
"On bank holiday Monday, the cars were struggling to do one mile per hour," he said.
"I was doing 12mph without even trying."
Mr Williams, who also owns a car and a motorcycle and has a licence to drive HGVs, said he has had "countless" bad experiences while cycling.
"If I was a councillor, I would have got this sorted before the Monday and publicly announced that all roads within a two-mile radius of the town centre were only to be open to cyclists, motorbikes, buses and delivery vans - no personal cars allowed," he said.
"Buses would transport people in with their children and luggage, and those on two wheels could park easily in the current available spaces near the seafront.
"As I result it wouldn't have been 'carmageddon'."
However, he said the answer is not to get thousands more on their bikes.
"I don't think it's possible or wise to get everybody to cycle," he said.
"People just aren't going to do it, not with the amount of traffic on the road."
Mr Williams said the surge in cars being bought via personal contract purchase (PCP) is adding to Bournemouth's traffic troubles.
“I would say since 2013 the traffic has grown to crazy levels," he said.
"If you go outside and look at all the new registration plates, 90 per cent of those cars are on PCP or lease deals.
"Many people could not afford these cars if they were not available for a few hundred pounds a month.”
Bournemouth is one of the most congested towns in Britain.
As reported in the Daily Echo, thousands of people made the trip to the south coast to make the most of a sweltering bank holiday Monday,
The influx led to major delays on Bournemouth's roads, with motorists facing long queues until around 11pm.
CALGARY – The hands and the mind turned Johnny Gaudreau into a star.
Both are now free to do their thing.
One year after having a finger on his left hand fractured in almost comical fashion – Gaudreau endured a symphony of slashes from the Minnesota Wild before being sent to the operating table – there is no hesitation when he slices through traffic in the offensive zone.
Consider the Calgary Flames winger as patient zero of an epidemic the NHL appears to have brought under control. Gaudreau is off to the best start of his career amid a league-wide crackdown on slashes to the hands.
“It's just nice you don't have to worry about that as much,” he said. “The refs have done a great job with harping down on that a little bit more. It gives us a little more space and time to make plays rather than worrying about breaking a finger or breaking a wrist or something.”
Calgary Flames on Sportsnet Now Want to livestream all 82 Flames games this season? See how you can stream this + over 300 regular season NHL games with Sportsnet NOW.
It amounts to good business for a league that celebrated the quarter mark of the season last week by trumpeting a 12.4 per cent increase in scoring.
Gaudreau has done his part with 34 points in 23 games – second only to Steven Stamkos‘ 36 entering Tuesday's visit by the Toronto Maple Leafs – and believes the slashing crackdown is a contributing factor in that success.
Defenders that previously made up for a skill deficit by taking away his hands no longer have that option available. Penalties are being whistled whenever an opponent gets a stick near the gloves. It's not a coincidence that Gaudreau's line with Sean Monahan and Micheal Ferland has drawn 17 minors this season while only taking six themselves.
Even as the rate of slashing calls has decreased across the NHL in recent weeks, Gaudreau doesn't believe the standard dropped. Players are adapting. Carrying the puck through the middle of the ice certainly isn't as painful as it was a year ago.
“You can see less and fewer sticks around your wrists, your fingers,” said Gaudreau. “It was difficult [before]. I think a lot of skill players were getting it. When you have the puck on your stick that much in a game, players are going to start whacking and hacking.”
The Gaudreau-Monahan-Ferland line tends to spend a lot of time with the puck. They've controlled 57.35 per cent of even-strength shot attempts while playing together – fourth best among NHL trios with at least 200 minutes played, according to Corsica.hockey.
Amazingly, they share a dressing room with one of the few lines more effective at driving possession: Matthew Tkachuk, Mikael Backlund and Michael Frolik are humming along at 59.38 per cent.
That leaves Flames coach Glen Gulutzan with some nice options when managing his bench. Where once he would work to shelter Gaudreau and Monahan with easier minutes, he's now comfortable letting them loose against the other sharks.
“They're committed,” Gulutzan said of his top line. “When you have competitive guys, they accept that challenge – and I did challenge them to start playing against the top guys – and they have to play better defensively. What happens is when you're playing against the top guys and you're playing better defensively there's more [scoring] chances out there for you because … it's a little different game than if you're playing against the third and fourth lines that are out there for one reason – to check you.
“So if you play better defence you get more offence, and right now they've been rewarded with playing good D.”
The Flames are seeing a deeper level of focus from their best offensive player. Among those pushing him behind the scenes is new teammate Jaromir Jagr, who has gone out of his way to try and impart some wisdom about how to thrive through the grind of a season.
The more you peel back the layers on Gaudreau's hot start, the more it seems like a guy having everything fall into place.
He and Monahan have found comfort with Ferland on their right side. They've earned more trust from the coach. Gaudreau is generating more than three shots per game for the first time in his career and looks like a worthy challenger for the Art Ross Trophy.
“It's exciting,” he said. “I think we're spending less time in our defensive zone, which is great, making plays off the rush.”
Like other talented players around the league, they're enjoying better workplace conditions as well.
Gaudreau is healthy and less burdened by the thought of what might happen when he carves through an opposing defence. The slash that fractured his finger last November was arguably the tipping point for wider change in the NHL.
“There's no sense letting slashing on the hands go,” said Leafs coach Mike Babcock. “It made no sense anyway. You're a better player with your stick on the puck anyway, so why wouldn't we eliminate that?”
Babcock gained a healthy respect for the Flames while breaking down tape before Tuesday's game. In the Gaudreau-Monahan-Ferland line, he sees “two real heavy guys and then a guy who is flat-out just fun to watch.”
“Actually, fun to pre-scout,” added the Leafs coach. “He's doing a lot of good things out there.”
Amazing things happen when you let Johnny Hockey play.
The Afghan elections.
Over one million votes were fraudulent. 1.3 million fake votes were thrown out to be exact. That's out of only five million votes. That's ridiculous. Obviously the current government of Afghanistan is a sham. The key to "winning" in Afghanistan is to convince the Afghani people to work with us. They have to side with us over the Taliban. If they don't, we're not helping them, we're fighting them. And that's just about where we are now.
What's the long term strategy? Kill all the Taliban? Do we even know who is Taliban and who is not? Matthew Hoh, the US diplomat who resigned his post in protest of the war, points out that "valleyism" reigns supreme in Afghanistan. That means if you come into my valley, I will fight you. They don't care if you're Russian or British or Persian or American or even an Afghan from the central government. You step into their valley, and they will fight you to the bitter end. And there is no end. They're fighting us because we're fighting them.
Yes, that's all good and fine. The Karzai government has no legitimacy or broad popular support. We can't possibly "win" and we don't even know what it means to us to "win." But what about the Taliban? We can't let them take over Afghanistan. But who is to say they would? Here's what I realized recently - when we leave, it'll be them fighting in the valleys.
The Taliban never had full control of Afghanistan, and they never will. The minute they try to take charge, the Afghans - as is in their nature - will rebel. They'll fight back. They'll fight for their valleys. They'll fight to the bitter end. And there is no end.
How about Al Qaeda? There are very few Al Qaeda fighters left in Afghanistan. And drone strikes work just as well in Afghanistan as they do in Pakistan (or just as poorly, depending on your perspective). Let's focus on getting those guys - remember they're the ones who actually attacked us. But we don't have to occupy a whole country (and rebuild it, too) while we hunt for Al Qaeda. If you think that we do, then under that logic, we should invade Pakistan and occupy it until we capture Osama bin Laden who is hiding in that country.
And we recently showed in Somalia that we can eliminate Al Qaeda operatives with Special Ops Forces on targeted missions. When we went after the Al Qaeda leader in that region, we swooped in with a small team, took out the target and took back off. Imagine if we invaded Somalia instead. Would anyone in their right mind be in favor of that as an alternate policy? So, is the difference in Afghanistan simply that we're there already? Is that a good enough reason to continue a policy that we otherwise would not and should not carry out?
Finally, the amount of money we're spending on these wars is insane. In Iraq and Afghanistan combined, we have so far spent $937 billion. For that kind of money, we could have already given everyone in the country health care - and not even paid for it. The wars, unlike the current health care proposals, are not deficit neutral. They are enormous budget busters and suck the funding from everything else. Is there really anyone in America who believes a few more years of the Afghanistan war is worth not getting health care coverage for themselves or their family?
The bottom line is that we don't have a viable partner in Afghanistan and we don't have the legitimacy that is essential to rebuilding the country. The Afghans don't view us as their saviors. They view us as the latest intruder in their valley. That is not a visit that is going to work out for us. That's not a visit that's ever worked out for anybody.
Watch TYT on YouTube
Despite a major campaign, the UK reschedules the deportation of gay refugee Olalekan M Ayelokun back to Nigeria where he may face death
Last week, LGBT campaign organization AllOut had hundreds of British callers flood the phones of the Home Office demanding a halt to the deportation of a gay Nigerian man and called for clear guidelines for asylum claims based on sexual orientation and gender identity.
Despite in-person protests, emails, and calls from UK citizens, Olalekan M Ayelokun, known as Ola, is scheduled to be removed from the UK on Wednesday (10 October).
According to unconfirmed reports the UK Border Agency (UKBA) hired a private plane to send him back, costing tax payers tens of thousands of pounds.
The especially chartered plane, according to Ayelokun's legal representation, is scheduled to leave Stansted Airport, London on Wednesday at 11.20pm, flight no PVT090.
Gay Star News broke the story that Ayelokun's asylum application was rejected after a judge did not believe he was gay.
Several of his friends and lovers – including a member of the British civil service – had given extensive testimony supporting his assertion that he is an openly gay man.
However, in the absence of specific guidelines on how to handle such claims, the judge had the discretion to reject that claim.
British Prime Minister David Cameron said, in 2010, that it is wrong to send gay people back to countries where police would imprison, torture, or kill them for who they are. He affirmed that: ‘If you have a legitimate fear of persecution, that it seems to me that is a perfectly legitimate reason to stay.'
However, there are increasing reports from lawyers representing individuals seeking asylum based on their actual or perceived sexual orientation, like Ayelokun, that judges are refusing to believe their clients are gay or lesbian.
Homosexuality is illegal in the federal system of Nigeria and is punished in different states in varying degrees of severity.
Southern states punish same-sex acts with up to 14 years imprisonment.
While northern states punish same-sex acts with a minimum of 14 years imprisonment as well as a fine, and in twelve of the northern states punishments include flogging and death by stoning.
Aeylokun said, ‘I feel terrible, traumatised. I am very afraid they are going to kill me in Nigeria.'
AllOut has launched a petition begging Britain not to send Ayelokun, back home where his life will be at risk.
Speaking with Gay Star News, Andre Banks, executive director and co-founder of AllOut.org said: ‘Ola's case shows that if you are fleeing persecution, you can never be "gay enough" to be granted asylum in the UK.
‘The judge in this case has actively rejected evidence provided by Ola's solicitor that proves he is gay and now he is due to return to a country where who he loves could land him in jail – or worse.
‘The Home Office can only protect the human rights of asylum seekers by setting fair standards so that people like Ola aren't denied protection because of thinly-veiled homophobia.'
For its November issue, V honors the leaders shaping popular culture and carrying it into the future, whether by changing the way we talk about identity, redefining stereotypes, or championing new movements in the realms of fashion, music, film, and television. Here, Grimes talks about the importance of activism, the visual conclusion of her last album, and what's coming next.
For its November issue, V honors the leaders shaping popular culture and carrying it into the future, whether by changing the way we talk about identity, redefining stereotypes, or championing new movements in the realms of fashion, music, film, and television. Here, Grimes talks about the importance of activism, the visual conclusion of her last album, and what's coming next.
This story appears in V104. Click here to pre-order the issue before it arrives on stands November 10.
Claire Boucher, the 28 year-old musician behind project Grimes, is one of those rare artists who have managed to break into the mainstream without succumbing to it, a pixie-sized crusader with pastel-hued hair and angel wings (literally, in the case of her “Flesh Without Blood” video) who has become a beacon for a new generation of alternative and independent creators.
One year after releasing her fourth album, Art Angels, Boucher is ready to conclude the visual saga that has accompanied her electro-pop opus. While the project's earlier videos were highly stylized and planned out (“California,” “Kill V. Maim”), she has returned to her DIY roots with four recently-released “guerrilla videos” created with her brother Mac, a DP, and fellow musician and recent tour mate HANA, for “World Princess, Pt. II,” “Butterfly,” “Scream,” and “Belly of the Beat.”
“There was no crew, no makeup, no styling—just the camera,” says Boucher. “It's almost like a video remix, where two different artists are shooting different videos for different songs with the same set up, and then we're each editing our own videos. I think it'll make people understand the role of the editor a lot better because then you get to look at the same thing from two different perspectives. I think it's almost more creative to not be bound to a visual narrative.”
Still, Boucher's not entirely prepared to abandon the glamour of big budget videos just yet; she has also just finished collaborating with Janelle Monáe on her video for “Venus Fly,” their shared track on Art Angels, which will serve as the 11th and final video off the album (“It's almost a visual album,” she laments).
Boucher may be the face of Grimes, often thought of as being a singer first, but her true interests lie in these other realms of music making: “Honestly, I don't feel very confident in myself as a singer. As I get older, I'm probably going to try to be more involved in the behind-the-scenes work, and less involved in being the front person. I think where my pride in my work lies is in my production, editing, and directing. I'm not a trained musician; this is something that happened almost randomly. I'd rather be compared to my peers who are producers—I think that's a world where I'm capable at achieving at a higher level.”
This is Grimes's reality: a fantastical world where creatively minded individuals can collaborate in the name of experimentation, and bring art back to its exploratory roots. It's ironic, given that Grimes began as a self-made project, but Boucher feels fortunate that others are beginning to have the same freedom she found—especially women, who have historically been a minority in music production.
“I'm in a really privileged position because I've always worked by myself, and I feel like I haven't faced a lot of hardships compared to the women I know,” says Boucher. “By the time people were like, oh my god, you're a female producer! I already had two albums and I wasn't even thinking about that. I think that the more stuff like GarageBand becomes democratized, the more we're going to see minorities like women producing. The ability to self-teach is already greater than it was even five years ago.”
The duality that Grimes embodies as both an outsider artist and an increasing presence in popular music is reflected in her style as well, which she describes as “the middle ground between elves and Dolly Parton.” While she finds most of her clothing on Etsy, the website devoted to handmade items and peer-to-peer commerce, she's also come to serve as an inspiration for high-end designers like Hedi Slimane during his early years at Saint Laurent, and Nicolas Ghesquière, who has tapped her on more than one occasion to wear Louis Vuitton and perform at events for the brand: “I love how they're interfacing with Final Fantasy and anime. I feel like the world of cosplay and the world of fashion are more similar than people think. There's always been really incredible design in anime, and I think it's really cool that Louis Vuitton is inferring it right now.”
As she closes the door on this album, Boucher has a calmer project in mind for the next: “I'm really vibing on making something really slow and gorgeous that just breathes, and has room to breathe. I feel like my work has always been fast paced, kinetic, and almost just manic and I feel like for me the hardest thing I can do is make something that's slow and heavy. I'm so ADD in my work; I really want to push myself into something that would be slower and more reflective.”
Outside of her work, Boucher is a vocal activist on social media, speaking out against not only sexism within her industry, but also the predominant political issues plaguing America in 2016: presidential candidate Donald Trump, the Dakota Access Pipeline, and police brutality, to name a few among many.
When asked what makes her feel hopeful about the year to come, Boucher hesitates; she's a self-proclaimed cynic, so the question comes with alarm bells. Though she's too humble to admit it, her ultimate answer is inarguably tied to the same spirit of rebellion conjured by her own voice as Grimes.
“When I look and see the young generations coming up, people like Tavi Gevinson and Amandla Stenberg, that gives me a lot of hope,” she resolves. “The protests in North Carolina, the tribes coming together against the DAPL... I think our society has been really apathetic for a long time, and people are starting to become more politically active, and more artistically adventurous. People protesting and being active is what we need the most right now, and that gives me a lot of hope.”
Xapo Palo Alto, CA
Stores Bitcoin for wealthy investors on encrypted servers scattered across the globe and offers digital wallets used by consumers from developing countries to shop online.
Bona fides: World's largest, most secure Bitcoin bank
Cofounder & CEO: Wences Casares, 41
Funding: $41 million from Benchmark Capital, Greylock Partners, Index Ventures, Ribbit Capital, Jerry Yang and Max Levchin
Valuation: $120 million (est.)
Threat to: Would-be Bitcoin hackers
Son of Patagonia sheep farmers, Wences Casares saw his family suffer through Argentina's periodic financial crises, fueling his appreciation for a currency independent of government control. But even before Bitcoin came along he was a serial entrepreneur, launching Argentina's first Internet provider when he was just 20 and building Latin America's first online brokerage, which he sold for $750 million to Banco Santander in 2000. Casares came up with the concept for Xapo with cofounder Federico Murrone when they were looking for a way to keep their own Bitcoin secure. Xapo stores the currency offline on encrypted servers that are never connected to the Internet and are located across the globe, including in a decommissioned military bunker in the Swiss Alps. Wealthy investors and institutions account for 96% of Xapo's storage business, but 98% of its customers are consumers from India, Brazil, Indonesia, Russia and other developing countries who, lacking credit cards, use Xapo's Bitcoin wallets for small, online transactions. Does Bitcoin have a long-term future? "I think the banks are going to go through a period where they use something else that's not Bitcoin or create their own," answers Casares. "But it would be like if the telcos, when the Internet was catching on fire, said they were going to create their own Internet. ... People like [Bitcoin] because they don't have to trust the bank, they don't have to trust the country." --Laura Shin
See our complete coverage of fintech and our first Fintech 50 list.
A Detroit woman is accused of trying to kill her ex-boyfriend by setting his house on fire on the city's west side.
Witnesses to the fire on Kentucky Street saw the flames and rushed in to help 58-year-old Yul Atkins as the flames spread and helped pull the man to safety. Now, the man's girlfriend is in custody and accused of intentionally setting the fire.
"He was like, rolling on the ground crying, screaming," said Antonio Robinson, a neighbor. "He was saying 'She tried to kill me, I can't believe she'd do this.'"
Neighbors and family of Atkins described what happened as unbelievable. Detroit police said the fire started late Thursday night, just before midnight, when Atkins got into a fight with his 48-year-old live-in girlfriend, Carmen Deshazer. The two had been drinking before arguing.
She decided to get back at him by spraying the front of the house with lighter fluid. She also sprayed him and around the bed he was sleeping in, police say, and then lit it on fire.
A couple driving by spotted the flames coming out of the bedroom window and stopped to help. Atkins' next-door neighbor, Antonio Robinson, says the couple alerted him and called for help while trying to save Atkins.
"They banged on the door and they said they finally got the guy out and somebody to open the front door," Robinson said. "When they got him out they came and got me, the guy's girlfriend was doing CPR right on the front lawn there."
Robinson says that's when he saw Deshazer, still in her underwear.
"The young lady was standing at the side of the house yelling 'yeah, I did it, I tried to kill him.'"
The fire was promptly put out and Atkins is now recovering in the hospital with burns and smoke inhalation.
"He had bruises, a bruise on his face it looked like a knot or something," Robinson said.
Robinson's home is very close to Atkins' and he said he didn't know what would have happened if the couple hadn't showed up.
Atkins' family agrees and called the couple guardian angels.
"It had to be an angel to pull him out of there, that was just the hands of the Lord to help my brother," said Jimmie Atkins, the victim's brother.
Deshazer is now behind bars and was arraigned Friday on charges of assault with intent to murder and first-degree arson. Atkins is expected to be okay.
In Telegraph Men last week, I made the entirely sensible suggestion that there were situations in which it was plainly safer on London's roads for cyclists to go through red lights . Not everyone, it has to be said, felt the same. Among the many expressions of warm regard (some of them almost printable) from many of Britain's road users, there were some very interesting comments, especially from other cyclists who suggested that advance green lights for cyclists to allow them a lawful head start, as in Holland, would make a real difference to safety. I'm convinced that motorists wouldn't mind waiting for those few extra seconds when cyclists' safety is at stake.
Of course, there were pedestrians who made very helpful suggestions, too, among them one that I think could be adapted to pedestrians themselves. Surely a registration scheme for pedestrians, involving insurance and the wearing of small number plates front and rear over outdoor clothing would have a positive effect on all but the most dangerous two-feeters.
London's new cycling tsar Andrew Gilligan (who also happens to be a Telegraph columnist) has made it clear he wants to stamp out things that cyclists do that frighten and annoy pedestrians. As a pedestrian, driver, and cyclist, I'm in no doubt as to which group is most endangered by the other two.
So I've compiled a list of things that pedestrians do that frighten and annoy cyclists - by which I mean put them in physical danger (except for number five). I've ignored the most obvious ("It's green or blue, it's got a cycle painted on it... it must be for walking on") and concentrated on some of the classics.
How about some action on the below?
1. Man walks into a road...
It sounds like the start of a routine by a Seventies comedian, but in fact that's the whole gag. No stopping at the kerb, no looking both ways, no listening. It's as if the green cross code had never been invented.
Often performed by pedestrians, men and women, on mobile phones or changing tracks on a music player. Never funny.
2. The Mr Magoo or Who Put That Cyclist There?
So regularly performed that you might almost call it old-school, this deceptively simple manoeuvre will surely have unseated the odd penny farthing rider in its time, perhaps even separated a fashionable gentleman on a velocipede from his top hat and teeth.
The pedestrian merely steps between two stationary vehicles - in the classic version of the Mr Magoo it will be two buses - and... who put that cyclist there?
Hard to avoid and very dangerous to cyclists.
3. The Lean, aka The Fall
"You're walking and you don't always realise it but you're always falling. With each step you fall forward slightly And then catch yourself from falling, over and over ..." Walking and Falling, Laurie Anderson, 1982.
In my mind, this Laurie Anderson track from her 1982 debut album Big Science is permanently funnelling through the earbuds of those pedestrians who like to practise the art of leaning into the space you are just about to cycle through. It is performed as if already falling forwards into the space, ready to fill it the instant you have vacated it.
The Lean, which may appear insouciant and cool when used to cross between passing cars, is really unnerving for cyclists who are only one minor clip away from "falling" and "catching themselves from falling" by hitting the pavement hard.
Spot fine, please.
4. The Chris Ashton / Emmitt Smith
Practised on roads with three to four lanes of stationary traffic at the precise moment when red lights turn to green. The pedestrian may or may not be aware of the imminent change in priority at the time they begin to cross, but the response is a daring cut through the traffic as it gathers pace, performed with the skill of a running back.
A spurt takes them between the Skoda and the moped in lane one, a little sidestep and shimmy takes them beyond the black cab in lane two, before they break into a run to clear the white van in lane three, and... Yes! Except... No, they've gone straight into the path of a cyclist.
No touchdown. No try.
5. The 'We Are Many, You Are Few'
A particular favourite of commuters accustomed to the communal feeling of being part of a solid wave of pedestrians all travelling in the same direction, sweeping aside lone innocents desperately paddling up the Keep Left channel, as they themselves Keep Right and Keep Going.
The 'We Are Many, You Are Few' has been adapted for use on the small bits of pavement where a cycle lane meets a main road. These often have a crossing controlled by traffic lights, set to ensure cyclists wait for as long as possible before being granted an infinitesimally small amount of time to cross. The rules of this particular game dictate that, however short a time the light stays green, the passage of pedestrians along that particular stretch of pavement should not be interrupted. Nay, if there are enough of them, will not be interrupted!
(N.B. This is a close cousin of motoring's "Knight of the Road", of which more another time).
Meet the man who names and shames anti-cyclist Twitter trolls
AC Milan manager Vincenzo Montella says he wouldn't bring in Chelsea midfielder Cesc Fabregas to replace Riccardo Montolivo at the San Siro.
Montolivo is facing a six-month absence after suffering a cruciate ligament injury while on Italy duty. And Montella is in search of a replacement for his influential midfielder.
Fabregas had been linked with the Rossoneri duing the most recent summer transfer window, but Montella told an Italian outlet on Wednesday that signing the Spain international now wouldn't be a fair swap.
"We need a player with Montolivo's characteristics, someone who knows how to play in a midfield of two. Fabregas does not have these characteristics," Montella told Corriere della Sera.
"I think Montolivo is nearly irreplaceable. He is important both on the pitch and in the dressing room. It's an even bigger loss than people think."
Manuel Locatelli has been backed to fill in for Montolivo in the middle of Milan's formation, though Montella wants to take things slow with the promising 18-year-old.
"I have faith in Locatelli. He has come on on decisive moments in our past few games," Montella said.
"But we have to remember that he has only played a few games in Serie A. I would like to bring him slowly."
NOTE: Inputs are all when playing from left to right, reverse when playing from right to left.
Body Feints
Gambetta - RS ↑ (↓), → Release. Push LS immediately afterwards to turn
Scissor Skills
Scissors Feint - RS →, ↗, ↑ (→, ↘, ↓) → Release. Push LS immediately afterwards to turn.
Step-over - RS ↑, ↗, → (↓, ↘, →) → Release. Push LS immediately afterwards to turn.
Multiple scissors feint - RS →, ↗, ↑, ↗, →, ↘, ↓ (→, ↘, ↓, ↘, →, ↗, ↑) → Release. Push LS immediately afterwards to turn.
High speed scissors feint - *Prerequisite skill: Scissors Feint* - RS →, ↗, ↑ (→, ↘, ↓) → Release. Push LS immediately afterwards to turn.
Step On Skills
Draw and open - Hold RS ← + LS ↓ or ↘ or →
L Feint - Hold RS ← + LS ↑ or ↗
Scotch move - *Prerequisite skill: Scotch move* - Hold RS ← + LS ↓ or ↘ or →
Flip Flap Skills
Out and in - Hold RS ↘ + LS ↗
In and out - Hold RS ↗ + LS ↘
Flip Flap - *Prerequisite skills: Flip Flap* - Hold RS ↘ + LS ↗
Reverse Flip Flap - *Prerequisite skills: Flip Flap* - Hold RS ↗ + LS ↘
Roulette Skills
Marseille Turn - Hold RS 360 degrees anti-clockwise (360 degrees clockwise) + LS → or ↘ or ↓ (→ or ↗ or ↑)
Turning Skills
Double touch - Hold RS ↑ (↓) + LS
Cross over turn - Hold RS → + LS ↑ or ↗ or ↖ (↓ or ↘ or ↙)
Sombrero Feints
Sombrero - *When the ball is either flicked or off the ground* - Hold R3 + LS
Crescent Turn - *When the ball is either flicked or off the ground, prerequisite skill: Sombrero* - Hold R3 + LS - Allows players to control high balls when attempting the Sombrero
Boomerang trap - *Prerequisite Skill: Sombrero* - Hold R3 + LS towards opponent
Rainbow Flick - R3 x 2
Kick Feints
Kick Feint - Square or Circle/X or B then just before player hits the ball, press X/A
Cut Behind - *Prerequisite Skill: Cut behind and turn* - Square or Circle/X or B then just before a player kicks the ball, press X/A + LS ↑ or ↗ or ↖ or ← (↓ or ↘ or ↙)
A new government report says the stimulus was virtually free of waste, fraud, and abuse. This is supposed to be good news. I'm not so sure.
The report, which Vice President Joe Biden officially delivered to the president on Friday, is the official 2010 audit of the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act. It's a full accounting of how the government has spent Recovery Act money, but it's the section on waste that's gotten the most attention.
And rightly so. Of the nearly 200,000 prime and sub contracts that the Recovery Act awarded, just 293 led to “consequential investigations” of fraud. That's 0.2 percent—i.e., two-tenths of a percent. Given the amount of money we're talking here, that's astonishingly clean, even by private sector standards.
Lest you think this is just the Obama Administration whitewashing its own record—and me whitewashing their whitewashing—the General Accounting Office has reached the same conclusion, calling the amount of waste and fraud minimal. Earl Devaney, the Interior Department Inspector General who is on leave to run the the Recovery Accountability and Transparency Board, told the New York Times recently that “I do think history will show that there was a lot less fraud in this effort than had been anticipated or that normally would occur with such a large amount of money.” Steve Ellis, vice president of the watchdog group Taxpayers for Common Sense, says "the fraud and waste element has been smaller than I think anything anybody anticipated."
16 SHARES Facebook Twitter Google Reddit Tumblr Digg Linkedin Stumbleupon Mail Print
Stefen Resinkin shared this post via CopBlock.org's submit page on June 16, 2014.
Date of Interaction: June 16, 2014
Police Employee Involved: Unknown
Police Employee Contact Information: (208) 287-7080
I had court today for driving without insurance. Today was my pre-trial conference. I had court at 9 AM. When I got to the courtroom, I was immediately spoken to by the prosecuting attorney. There was no judge on the stand nor was there a secretary taking notes at the time. That is when I decided that before I answered any questions, I was going to video record the proceedings. The prosecutor asked about when I was pulled over, and I told him I did not feel comfortable discussing the details of my case until the court trial or jury trial. He asked if I plead guilty or not guilty; I said neither, I am filing a motion for dismissal. He then walked away and got a bailiff. The bailiff told me I was not allowed to record in the courtroom without permission from the judge. I informed him that is not true, and I can record in a public place as it is my right to protect myself.
I was then asked to step outside the courtroom. The bailiff then showed me a sign saying I could not record in the courtroom. There is no Idaho State code posted on said sign. The prosecutor then came out and told the bailiff to confiscate my camera and memory card or delete it. I told him that was not going to happen because it was my personal property and they needed a warrant. We then re-entered the courtroom and I was asked to sit down.
Approximately five minutes later I was again asked to step outside the courtroom. The bailiff told me to delete the video immediately or I would be placed under arrest for contempt of court. Now remember, this was a pretrial conference, not an actual court trial, and at this point, we were outside the courtroom. The bailiff then refused to answer my question, “Have you taken an oath to uphold the constitution?” He placed me under arrest, and confiscated my camera and memory card. I was charged with visual contempt of court (criminal).
Stefen Resinkin
16 SHARES Facebook Twitter Google Reddit Tumblr Digg Linkedin Stumbleupon Mail Print
EPN
The amount of healthcare data continues to mound every second, making it harder and harder to find any form of helpful information.
In the healthcare industry, what could be more important than having better healthcare outcomes? Each and every day healthcare workers around the globe are striving hard to find more ways of improving our lives. However, the world is changing, and frankly, at a faster rate than most of us can keep up. Intuition alone will no longer be enough for quality patient outcomes. The amount of healthcare data continues to mound every second, making it harder and harder to find any form of helpful information. Big Data is not to be romanticized; it can be a blessing and a curse. It can contribute to both the insight and the fog of visibility.
In truth, data science is proving invaluable to improving outcomes due to its ability to automate so much of the heavy lifting – in fast, scalable, and precise ways. All one has to do is look at our ability to predict epidemics, advance cures, and make patient stays in hospitals safer and more pleasant. In healthcare, data science should be seen as a beneficial intelligence rather than only artificial intelligence, providing an augmentation of services to the healthcare experts already in play.
Reason 1: Hospital Claims Data
In 2010, there were 35.1 million discharges with an average length of stay of 4.8 days according to the National Hospital Discharge Survey. That same survey went on to note that there were 51.4 million procedures performed. The National Hospital Ambulatory Medical Care Survey in 2011 stated the number of outpatient department visits were 125.7 million with 136.3 million emergency department visits. These are some of the basic figures showing the amount of care the U.S. health care system has provided. Using Data Science to annualize this sort of data allows healthcare providers to start building a new intuition built on a data narrative that could possibly help avoid the spread of diseases or address specific health threats. Using a combination of descriptive statistics, exploratory data analysis, and predictive analytics, it becomes relatively easy to identify the most cost-effective treatments for specific ailments and allows for a process to help reduce the number of duplicate or unnecessary treatments. The power in predicting a future state is in using that knowledge to change the behavior patterns of today.
Reason 2: Clinical Data
This sort of data takes the form of doctor's notes, lab results, and medical images gathered during a patient's encounter with a healthcare provider. For example, it is routine for hospitals today to use natural language processing algorithms to analyze patient records so they may identify certain individuals at risk for medical conditions. Recently it was reported that healthcare providers failed to recognize three high-blood pressure readings at separate visits in 26% of pediatric patients reviewed by the American Medical Association. Recognizing these types of patterns in the face of growing data will only become more difficult over time for healthcare providers.
Reason 3: Pharma R&D Data
In recent years, there have been a number of partnerships developed between pharmaceutical companies. Consider Project Datasphere, an initiative to share, integrate, and analyze historical cancer trial data sets for the purpose of accumulating research findings and accelerating cures. The power of this rich dataset is in the analysis and the global focus on finding solutions for cancer patients.
CONTINUE READING: Access the complete article in CIO, where it was originally published
Author Bio:
Damian Mingle is the Chief Data Scientist at WPC Healthcare and an expert in analytics. He leads a team of professionals transforming data into meaningful strategic insights.
[et_pb_section bb_built=”1″][et_pb_row][et_pb_column type=”4_4″][et_pb_text _builder_version=”3.0.69″ background_layout=”light” text_orientation=”left” border_style=”solid”]
Some people have a whole host of dietary requirements due to medical conditions, allergies and intolerances. But what if you were already restricted and then you wanted to go vegan? For people with irritable bowel syndrome (IBS) looking to switch to a plant-based diet, this is the case and it presents quite a challenge. People who have IBS are often recommended to follow a low FODMAP diet which means eliminating all things that fall under the FODMAP spectrum. Many people are concerned that if they follow a vegan low FODMAP diet there will be nothing left to eat!
What is IBS?
IBS is a condition that affects your colon, otherwise known as the large intestine. Although the exact causes of IBS are unknown, it makes your intestinal muscles to contract and relax differently to normal and they can either be stronger and go on for longer or weaker, slowing down your food passage. This can cause a variety of symptoms including cramping, bloating and diarrhoea. Many people can control their IBS with changes to diet, like switching to low FODMAP, and keeping stress levels down however some people require medication.
What is a low FODMAP diet?
The recommended diet for IBS sufferers is a low FODMAP diet and means that they should avoid all FODMAP foods. FODMAP stands for
F: fermentable – foods that are poorly absorbed so stay in the digestive system and are ‘fermented' by bacteria producing gas, bloating and distention
O: oligosaccharides – carbohydrates that are comprised of a small number of monosaccharides (types of sugar that cannot be broken down with water to create a simple sugar)
D: disaccharides – sugar that is comprised of two monosaccharides
M: monosaccharides – sugars that can't be broken down with water to create a simple sugar
and
P: polyols – sugar free sweeteners
Because lactose is a disaccharide, dairy products are to be avoided completely on the FODMAP diet which might sound like a vegan's dream but there are also many vegetables and legumes which can cause IBS to flare up. This includes soy beans, cauliflower, mushrooms, amongst others. In addition to this, many fruits are off limits to avoid aggravating IBS, and a lot of grains too. It might seem like there's nothing left to eat.
Vegan and Low FODMAP Friendly Foods
Thankfully, this is not the case and there are plenty of vegan friendly whole foods that are low FODMAP friendly and won't aggravate your IBS. We've put together a table of some examples, but you can find a more extensive list here.
[/et_pb_text][/et_pb_column][/et_pb_row][et_pb_row][et_pb_column type=”4_4″][et_pb_text _builder_version=”3.0.69″ background_layout=”light” text_orientation=”left” border_style=”solid”]
[/et_pb_text][/et_pb_column][/et_pb_row][et_pb_row][et_pb_column type=”4_4″][et_pb_text _builder_version=”3.0.69″ background_layout=”light” text_orientation=”left” border_style=”solid”]
The protein section may seem a little small, but thankfully a lot of vegetables provide a great deal of protein as do nuts and seeds. If you are concerned about your intake of certain nutrients speak to your doctor and get advice on the best vegan vitamin supplements to take!
Vegan and Low FODMAP Meal Ideas
Now you know which foods you can and can't eat, you might still be struggling for inspiration. The FODMAP friendly vegan has written an e-book with tons of advice and recipes, but here's a few to get you started:
[/et_pb_text][et_pb_text _builder_version=”3.0.69″ background_layout=”light” text_orientation=”left” border_style=”solid”]
[/et_pb_text][et_pb_text _builder_version=”3.0.69″ background_layout=”light” text_orientation=”left” border_style=”solid”]
Ultimately, going vegan and following a low FODMAP diet might take some getting used to as the world isn't best prepared for either diet, let alone both together. However, it can be done! And even better you're just going to have to make loads of batches of cakes and goodies to make sure that you can get them right!
Image credit: FODMAP Friendly Vegan
[/et_pb_text][/et_pb_column][/et_pb_row][et_pb_row][et_pb_column type=”4_4″][et_pb_text _builder_version=”3.0.69″ /][/et_pb_column][/et_pb_row][/et_pb_section]
Former first lady Michelle Obama Michelle LeVaughn Robinson ObamaFive political moments to watch for at the Oscars Former patients accuse ex-Fox News medical pundit of sexual exploitation Obama attends UNC-Duke basketball game MORE offered advice this week for those living in the Trump era, saying people should focus on respecting others and not "tweet nasty stuff."
"Focus on what you can control," Obama told a crowd of about 2,800 people at The Bushnell Center for the Performing Arts in Hartford, Conn., late Thursday, according to the Hartford Courant.
"Be a good person every day. Vote. Read. Treat one another kindly. Follow the law. Don't tweet nasty stuff."
ADVERTISEMENT
While she didn't mention President Trump by name, the former first lady emphasized the importance of personal interactions over actions taken by whoever occupies the White House.
“The impact of all of us in our everyday lives is greater than anything … that can come from the White House,” Obama said during the 75-minute talk, according to the Hartford Courant.
Trump frequently uses Twitter to call out his political opponents and tout his administration's successes.
Trump has worked to undo many of former President Obama's policies, including his signature health-care law, which Republicans have repeatedly attempted to repeal.
NANJING, China — Environmentalists worried about the fate of Africa's dwindling elephant population cheered when China announced a ban on the sale of commercial ivory last year, but an increasingly popular substitute is raising concerns of its own.
To sustain a carving and collecting tradition that is centuries old, many Chinese artisans have turned not to ivory from elephants but from the tusks of extinct mammoths harvested from an unlikely place: the melting permafrost of Russia's Arctic.
While mammoth ivory has been promoted as an ethical alternative, since it does not come from the poaching of live animals, some conservationists argue that the booming trade in it fuels demand for ivory in general. And the mammoth ivory industry, they say, could end up providing legal cover for the black-market trade in elephant ivory.
The legal importation of mammoth ivory, which comes from creatures that vanished more than 3,600 years ago, has skyrocketed in China as dealers and carvers seek a substitute to meet the demand. In the first six months of this year, more than 27 tons of the ivory entered Heilongjiang, the province that borders Russia's Far East, the government there announced recently. In the same period last year, it was less than four tons. More mammoth ivory funnels in through Hong Kong, where imports are now averaging 34 tons a year, three times the average in 2003, according to one estimate.
The gang is up to more shenanigans this year! I think Ryan is becoming a bad influence on the rest of them. Well - some of them.Thanks so much for all the birthday wishes, guys! I'm almost overwhelmed by all of them.It's amazing to see such a huge flood of people taking a moment out of their day to wish me well, and it means a lot to me! I feel like I'm in a better spot in my life this year compared to last year, and past years before it. I even feel younger too! I credit a new exercise regimen for that.Here are the last two years of birthday pics, if you want to see! -------> Party Planning Also, thank you so much for the fanart I've gotten! I'll reply to these properly once I get the time, but in the meantime, I'll pimp you guys out.Check out these arts!If I missed anybody, let me know! I'm just going off of what showed up in my notes/message center!Finally, the announcement I teased earlier!I just finished my very first animatic!At least the drawing part of it! And it's not Ottermelon! It's something smaller, but still ended up being about four minutes long. I've previewed it to some friends of mine, and it's been well-received so far, including getting two of them to cry! I have to sort out putting the drawings into a video, then sound and music, but I'll hopefully have it posted up in the first week of December!So you guys will get to see my first ever "animated" story very soon!
The demand for HIV privacy as an entitlement will create a scenario of predatory behaviors, recklessness, and ruined lives. Gay and bisexual men will be at a higher risk.
California recently passed a law that reduces the criminal charges related to knowingly exposing someone to HIV without consent. It demonstrates the power of narrative over reason. Scott Weiner, a Democratic state senator of California who co-wrote the law, penned an article defending his decision. It provides us with an in-depth look at how progressives not only view the law but the morality and ethics of disclosure.
He states, “Last week, Governor Jerry Brown signed SB 239, a bill I co-authored to modernize California's HIV criminal statutes by treating HIV *exactly* the same as other serious and deadly diseases such as Ebola, SARS, hepatitis C, and tuberculosis: as a misdemeanor. Under current California law, only HIV is treated as a felony, and you don't have to infect anyone — or even create a risk of infection — to be guilty and go to state prison.”
By “modernize” he means the law better reflects the liberal notion of what he describes. HIV is just another disease, no worse or more destructive than any other. It also assumes the issue at hand is infection rather than disclosure or consent. He is not alone in this thinking. The LGBT advocacy group Human Rights Campaign has advocated for the removal of HIV disclosure laws for quite some time. Zack Ford of ThinkProgress has devoted many pages and even an advocacy video titled “Criminalizing HIV Doesn't Do Anything to Help Anyone” pushing this same narrative. All parties sincerely believe they are defending innocent people from discrimination and stigma and that the issue is criminality itself.
Can Someone Consent Without Knowing the Details?
Progressives tend to understand “illegal” to be contingent on social or identity status. As Weiner argues, “Who's being prosecuted? An awful lot of women, particularly African American women and transgender women. Women constitute about 12% of HIV-positive people in California, but they account for 43% of prosecutions under these laws.”
The majority of these women engage in sex work. As the Los Angeles Times reported on a University of California School of Law study, “The vast majority of convictions were in prostitution solicitation incidents in which it is unknown whether any contact beyond a conversation or an exchange of money was initiated, the researchers said.”
The message is that the law disproportionately affects vulnerable populations—African-American women and transwomen. This alone is reason enough to find the law unjust regardless of the relevant behavior of the individuals involved. The other side of this argument is one of outcome. If an HIV-positive man does not disclose his status to a partner, the progressive argument reasons that as long as the HIV-negative partner is not actually infected there has been no harm inflicted. This is backed up by the reasoning that HIV medications now make it extremely difficult to transmit the virus.
The problem is not one of outcome but one of motivation and responsibility. I am HIV-positive, and I have an undetectable viral load. This means it would be close to impossible for me to infect another person sexually. But do I have a moral and ethical obligation to tell a potential partner this information and allow him to determine for himself that risk? I argue that I do. The question is, should I be legally obligated as well? The answer is one of consent. Can a person consent to sex without knowing the physical risks of the activity? I assert he or she cannot.
We're Willing to Increase HIV to Make Some Feel Better
The primary motivation is politics. Since the 1990s the LGBT Left has been fixated on the idea of a stigma against HIV and, by association, homosexuality. The outbreak's origin in gay sex resulted in mass panic and fear, and early patients experienced isolation and irrational hostility. The LGBT Left has been obsessed with righting this social injustice ever since. It is why part of the law in question includes blood donations.
The LGBT Left believes denying gay men the ability to donate blood at all is an act of discrimination, so HIV status should not be considered here either. Again, Weiner argues, “due to modern testing technology, it's almost impossible to get HIV from a blood transfusion. If a blood donor knows he or she is HIV-positive — in other words, if he or she gets a test that comes back positive — that means that when the blood bank tests that person's blood, which they always do, that test will also come back positive, and the blood will be discarded and won't infect anyone. If the blood bank tests the blood and the test comes back negative but is actually positive (that could happen if the infection occurred within a few weeks of the blood draw), then the donor's HIV test also would have come back negative, meaning he wouldn't be guilty of a crime since he never tested positive.”
Blood donors are asked screening questions precisely to eliminate this risk. HIV is related directly to a very limited set of behaviors that can easily be screened for. The concern is not of risk, but of feelings and outcome. If the blood will be tested anyway, why does it matter if an HIV-positive person donates it?
The only rational conclusion is the senator is more worried about the experience of rejection felt by the HIV-positive person who wants to donate blood than the risk that person poses on whoever might receive the blood. The senator accidentally advocates for tighter restrictions on blood donations by admitting a window of uncertainty could expose blood donation to HIV. Unfortunately, the emotional plea behind the argument outweighs this risk.
This Is Simply Deadly Political Correctness
Advocates hope to inspire trust and medical treatment in high-risk populations by making HIV appear far more mundane and socially acceptable. Their theory says that if HIV is “criminalized” (and it is not), exposed individuals will fear seeking testing or treatment. But testing and treatment have been widely available, often for free, for quite a while now. People are simply not arrested upon testing positive for HIV. The statistics surrounding HIV tell us the story.
From the Centers for Disease Control:
Gay and bisexual men accounted for 82% (26,376) of new HIV diagnoses among all males aged 13 and older and 67% of the total new diagnoses in the United States.
Gay and bisexual men aged 13 to 24 accounted for 92% of new HIV diagnoses among all men in their age group and 27% of new diagnoses among all gay and bisexual men.
Among all gay and bisexual men living with HIV in 2014, 83% had received a diagnosis, 61% received HIV medical care in 2014, 48% were receiving continuous HIV care, and 51% had a suppressed viral load.
Nearly half the HIV-positive gay male population refuses treatment. This undermines the fundamental argument of low infection risk. Certainly, having sex with a responsible person who takes his medications and is healthy is less risky, but if no one is required to disclose, how can you be sure he is not one of the 49 percent who isn't taking medication at all? How can you consent to sex without this information?
The primary concern surrounding this law is of its emotional narrative. The LGBT Left celebrates this as a progressive victory and is utterly disinterested in any argument about risks, as it validates stigma or negative stereotypes they believe they are fighting. As the pattern goes, other states will take this same path and soon several more progressive states will boast of their newly “modernized” HIV laws. In the end, gay and bisexual men, especially young men, will be at a higher risk. The cultural demand for HIV privacy as an entitlement will create a scenario of predatory behaviors, recklessness, and ruined lives.
What the Right Should Do
How can the Right respond to this? So far the Right has merely reacted to the insanity of the Left on this issue but has not taken direct action. We are at a disadvantage, as the advocates of this have successfully lobbied all HIV/AIDS organizations, LGBT organizations, many women's health organizations, and other minority advocacy groups.
Republicans should be reviewing their state laws surrounding HIV disclosure.
The medical community is eager to celebrate advances in HIV medication and invested in marketing treatment as an infection-prevention method. These advocates are correct in their assertion that many of these laws are outdated. But this should not mean they are unnecessary.
Republicans should be reviewing their state laws surrounding HIV disclosure to ensure they reflect both modern medical advances and protect individuals from reckless or malicious behavior. Consent should be the main selling point to the general population as well as moral and ethical obligation to disclose. There should be a firm legal requirement to disclose your HIV status to anyone who is at risk of exposure, but this can and must be done with rational law.
Finally, it must be absolutely imperative that blood donations be protected. Of all the concerns here, this particular issue threatens truly vulnerable people the most. Laws should evolve when necessary, but society still requires them. The Right should be on the forefront of this battle.
When past predictions of future catastrophic events like ice sheet melt, spreading tropical diseases, and forest fragmentation start to become reality while no substantial means to prevent them from happening has ever been implemented, you begin to question the phrase so often bandied about that “it's never too late.” It was never too late decades ago and we're still holding out on that hope. Despite any techno-utopian fantasies you hear in the news, economic activity and growth are still linked to CO2 emissions. Until this fundamental truth is dealt with, we'll all be spinning our wheels and wringing our hands over our continued descent into ecological and societal collapse. Perhaps this is part of the reason I have not blogged recently. As Leonard Nimoy expressed in his last Twitter message, I think I'll try to enjoy the here and now while I'm alive…
The following is a guest post by commenter BP:
The majority of people visiting collapse and post-peak sites are Caucasian, disillusioned, with a slimmer majority subset being male; in other words, representatives though not participating members of the failing power elite. If these collapsitarians did wield real power, they wouldn't be deeply dissatisfied with the present social arrangement and secretly hoping for an honest to goodness smokin' homecookin' cracklin' good ole' fashioned apocalypse to happen in their lifetime. You know, just to spice things up a little bit and provide some entertainment because industrial living can be such a boooooring, regimented drag, man. Tick tock. Time to get up, time to eat, go to work, come home, go to sleep, wake up, rinse and repeat. Even regularity in our shitting is considered desirable in this totalizing system. Watches are slave driving devices – a shackle – your very own drill sergeant and task master all rolled into one convenient portable sleek wrapped modern design. Little wonder you have so many suits and tie clean-cut preppie American Psycho types with their rictus eternally sun shining grins (everything's alright, everything's fine, everything's okay) resorting to extremes: bungee jumping, skydiving, narcotics and gambling, binge eating, binge shopping, binge TV watching, auto-erotic asphyxiation, any and all manner of titillation and stimulation just to get a rise. We've been dulled and sanitized, tamed and neutralized. The demographic comprising most of the power elite also happens to be the one most likely to become serial killers preying on their own species. If you live in a foreign land you might argue there's no difference between Ted Bundy and the president. Either way, it's another fun-filled pet project to while away the hours with. But I don't want to give anyone any ideas, and I won't be held accountable for what you do when you turn off your addictive electronic stimulus delivery systems aka computers tonight, even though we excel at passing responsibility onto something else. The lengths people will go… And these are the lucky ones who still have jobs. YAY!! I don't even want to imagine life on the other side – we'll all get there soon enough. Why spoil the surprise?
So raise your hands if you're waiting for a giant or gradual (does it really matter?) clusterfuck that results in a significant reduction in our species' numbers, because whatever you think is likely, it's a necessary precursor to what ever comes next. The table has already been set and our carcass is the main dish.
Now that you've had your fill, how about some desert? I have a thought experiment that shouldn't take too much time. Suppose you've decided to kill yourself. You've set a date, (a week from tomorrow), a time (midnight), thoroughly planned the method (hanging), bought the needed supplies (rope – duh!), and are dead set on following through. How, if any, would your life change in the time remaining? I'll indulge in some fantasy since there doesn't seem to be enough of that going around and Star Wars isn't out until December. For starters, you could max out your credit and buy that car you've always fancied – you know, the one that runs on limited gasoline? You could also screw a few whores and not worry about contracting a venereal disease or what you'd have to say to your wife. Gorge on that chocolate cake and go for seconds topped with ice cream this time, downed with cola and chased with both pizza and hamburgers for desert. Why not? Fuck blood pressure, you're going to die anyway. Then after your attention deficit disorder kicks in, you could switch to watching porn, wasting time playing Modern Warfare while eating Doritos and not feel one ounce of guilt that you could be doing something more with your life. Consume shit you don't need to your heart's content without any second thoughts! After all, ecologically speaking, we're consumers! Let's take a moment to give Capitalism some credit. It found a way to manipulate our basic human nature for its own ends and boy has it ever worked. Nothing has mobilized humanity – not pharaohs, despots, kings nor gods – like the wage economy. The best part about the whole affair is you can live without consequences because, in case you forgot, you'll be dead in a week. Sound familiar? It's a rarity these days when ideas and reality coincide. Yep, you guessed it. That's exactly what our species has been doing – living large like there's no tomorrow – and it's hastening our eventual collective suicide.
And is that such a bad thing? There's way too much despair, self-pitying, and despondent anger on these websites. Outside of our narrow anthropocentric perspective, the human race's demise might even be cause for celebration. If that's too much, at least it needn't be mournful. After all, our history on this planet has proven that, if nothing else, we're two legged, genocide-wreaking, blood-thirsty assassins. The only species that kills for fun, whether it be bipeds, quadrupeds or any other number of peds, we've obliterated them all. I'm confused by all this concern about surviving in a post industrial world. Are our souls (if we even have them) really worth saving? Even if a band of hardy survivors manages to achieve some semblance of harmony with their environment, sooner or later some marauding horde is going to come along, fuck things up, steal their shit, and rape their women. Hey, we've had a good ride. Nothing lasts forever. Time for something else to take a turn so we can join the dinosaurs. We aren't going to change or magically turn into peaceful, loving breathren. That's simply more wishful thinking, a romanticization of a few mythological hunter and gatherer tribes of the past projected onto the future. The reality is we rape, love, murder, bully, give and take, enslave, create music, art, math, and take pleasure in sadism (see UFC, boxing, WWE, Clausewitzian Warfare aka NFL, the latest scandal, the natural disaster channel aka The Weather Network/CNN and your generic horror movie and cop drama), all of which is hard-wired into our DNA. The human race is folly and cleverness stuffed into a complex paradoxical package. There's no shame in that. I don't see the point in worrying over what's out of our control and what can't be changed. It's better to laugh than cry and maybe that's all we can do. Time to stop demonizing the species.
And isn't it also time we accept ourselves as natural? Our criticism of all the havoc we're wreaking on the planet implies we're outside, removed from nature; ironic since this divide is also acknowledged as part of the problem. Nature – ‘The Environment' – is something we act upon – not a part of. Bullshit. We're terrestial, carbon-based omnivores. There's not an ounce of artificiality about us. That includes the products of our actions like the much-maligned villainous scoundrel PLASTIC. Dah, dah, dah, daaahhh. So what if humans synthesized 22 out of 117 periodic elements? That manipulation, as the word implies, came at our own hands with existing elements crashing together in high-speed accelerators. A polar bear – that sacred symbol for the ineffectual environmental movement – and its particular combination of constituent elements didn't occur naturally on Earth for most of the planet's history either. It will soon return to that condition in short order. And what of the indignant protest that plastic doesn't degrade? Be patient. If our species lasts long enough, which I doubt, it might get to witness that little miracle. After all, a lot can happen in the next few billion years. Making the case that plastic is natural is not to say it isn't disruptive. Any new arrival on the scene disrupts the existing order. Some things more than others. But it still derives from the Earth, doesn't it? And so do we. And eventually, that's where we'll end up – 6 feet under. Maybe it's better if that happens sooner rather than later. But it's going to happen one way or the other regardless the constant declarations of ‘we have to do this…,' or ‘if we don't do that…,' I hear on forums, in the news, at home. We're good at giving ultimatums that we'll never see through. Every day there's a new resolution and self-imposed limitation proclaimed with the most dire urgency. The truth is we don't have to do anything. The Earth will correct a wayward entity and return to balance. The catch is the new stasis doesn't have to include us. Even if we could do something, it's too little, too late. So do yourself a favor, enjoy your life and stop worrying so much. Maybe even laugh once and awhile. If you want to plant a tree – do it. If you don't – knock yourself out. There are no imperatives. We've been unduly harsh on ourselves. Trying to be judged, jury, and executioner is just too damn exhausting. Well, my watch tells me it's time to go to bed. Just another day in the life of the species… Tick Tock, Tick Tock.
​PHILADELPHIA — Alcohol intake was associated with higher rates of invasive melanoma among white men and women, according to a study published in Cancer Epidemiology, Biomarkers & Prevention, a journal of the American Association for Cancer Research. White wine carried the most significant association, and the increased risk was greater for parts of the body that receive less sun exposure, the study showed.
Approximately 3.6 percent of cancer cases worldwide have been attributed to alcohol, most typically cancers of the aerodigestive tract, liver, pancreas, colon, rectum, and breast, said
the study's lead author, Eunyoung Cho, ScD, an associate professor of dermatology and epidemiology at the Warren Alpert Medical School of Brown University in Providence, Rhode Island.
In this study, Cho and colleagues sought to determine whether alcohol consumption increased melanoma risk. They used data from three large prospective cohort studies in which 210,252 participants were followed for a mean of 18.3 years, using food-frequency questionnaires to determine their alcohol consumption. A standard drink was defined as 12.8 grams of alcohol.
According to the study, overall alcohol intake was associated with a 14 percent higher risk of melanoma per drink per day. Each drink per day of white wine was associated with a 13 percent increased risk of melanoma. Other forms of alcohol—beer, red wine, and liquor—did not significantly affect melanoma risk.
The association between alcohol and melanoma was strongest for parts of the body that typically receive less sun exposure. Cho said that compared with non-drinkers, those who consumed 20 grams or more of alcohol per day were 2 percent more likely to be diagnosed with melanomas of the head, neck, or extremities, but 73 percent more likely to be diagnosed with melanomas of the trunk. She said this finding was novel and further research would be required to explain the results.
Cho said previous research has suggested that alcohol can cause carcinogenesis as the ethanol in alcohol metabolizes into acetaldehyde, which damages DNA and prevents DNA repair. She said it was surprising that white wine was the only drink independently associated with increased risk of melanoma. The reason for the association is unknown. However, research has shown that some wine has somewhat higher levels of pre-existing acetaldehyde than beer or spirits. While red and white wine may have similar amounts of pre-existing acetaldehyde, the antioxidants in red wine may offset the risks, Cho said.
Cho said the study's chief limitation was the homogeneity of the study population. Non-whites were excluded, as there were too few non-white participants to draw statistically valid conclusions. Therefore, the study's findings cannot be generalized for other racial or ethnic groups.
Also, few study participants reported heavy drinking, and the study did not account for some potential risk factors of melanoma, such as sun-protection behaviors. Participants were excluded if they reported a personal history of cancer at baseline of the follow-up in order to avoid bias due to closer physician follow-up of cancer patients.
Cho said the study adds melanoma to the list of cancers associated with alcohol, and the findings support existing recommendations by organizations including the American Cancer Society to limit alcohol intake.
“The clinical and biological significance of these findings remains to be determined, but for motivated individuals with other strong risk factors for melanoma, counseling regarding alcohol use may be an appropriate risk-reduction strategy to reduce risks of melanoma as well as other cancers,” Cho said.
However, Cho pointed out that modest alcohol intake has been connected with reduced risk of cardiovascular disease.
“For drinkers, risks and benefits of alcohol consumption have to be considered individually, including the risk related to skin cancer,” she said.
This study was supported by grants from the National Institutes of Health. Cho declares no conflicts of interest.
NEW YORK – HBO Sports has entered into new multi-year agreements with Jim Lampley and Max Kellerman, who are the primary voices for its HBO Boxing franchises. Both announcers will continue to serve on multiple HBO Boxing platforms, including “World Championship Boxing®,” “HBO Boxing After Dark®” and HBO Pay-Per-View®. The agreements were announced today by Rick Bernstein, senior vice president and executive producer, HBO Sports.
“For more than two decades, Jim has been the signature voice of HBO Boxing,” said Bernstein. “Jim's incomparable knowledge of the sport of boxing and his work on our many boxing programming initiatives, along with his own boxing studio program (‘The Fight Game with Jim Lampley'), have made him universally recognized as the best in the sport and the captain of our boxing coverage. We're thrilled Jim will continue to bring his high journalistic standards and talents to the HBO audience for many years to come.”
A four-time Sports Emmy® Award winner, Lampley will be inducted into the International Boxing Hall of Fame in Canastota, NY on June 14.
Starting with his first HBO presentation, the “World Championship Boxing” fight between Mike Tyson and Tony Tubbs from Tokyo on March 20, 1988, Lampley has been at the helm for some of the most dramatic moments in HBO Boxing history.
“I am delighted and grateful for the chance to continue my richly rewarding relationship with the number-one network in television,” said Lampley. “In sports as in entertainment, HBO presents the greatest of all opportunities to report complex truth, and there are no sports truths more profound and complex than those illuminated by boxing.”
Max Kellerman joined HBO Sports in 2005 as a co-host on pay-per-view telecasts and quickly developed a smooth and unique repertoire and interview style. Kellerman began working as a ringside commentator and interviewer on HBO's “Boxing After Dark” series in 2006 and eventually assumed a leading role for “World Championship Boxing,” “HBO Boxing After Dark” and HBO Pay-Per-View events. In addition, Kellerman became the host of the acclaimed “Face-Off” feature series in 2010.
“Max has been an invaluable asset to the HBO Boxing franchise since joining us ten years ago,” said Bernstein. “His passion, instincts and historical knowledge all play a key role in making our broadcasts
“The privilege of calling the best fights in the sport is second only to working alongside all of the extraordinary people in the HBO family,” said Kellerman.
Lampley and Kellerman return to HBO on Saturday, March 14 when they call the “World Championship Boxing” tripleheader from Montreal's Bell Centre, headlined by the 2015 debut of undefeated light heavyweight champ Sergey Kovalev as he meets the formidable Jean Pascal (9:45 p.m. ET/PT).
Lampley and Kellerman are represented by Nick Khan of CAA and Michael Price of Price Management.
COLUMBIA (WACH)-Marijuana use could possibly be legal in South Carolina soon if one group gets its way.
The Columbia chapter of the National Organization for the Reform of Marijuana Laws (NORML) is protesting congressional offices across the palmetto state Friday afternoon.
We spoke with the president of the Columbia chapter of NORML who says marijuana legalization could be a reality if a federal bill becomes law.
The measure would allow state health departments to research and classify narcotics instead of leaving it up to law enforcement.
But a USC law professor says it's going to be a while before recreational use will happen.
"At least for them to start with the medicinal aspect of this, at least with DHEC's program being hindered by the current law that states it must follow federal guidelines as far as procurement and distribution." said Wayne Borders President of Columbia NORML.
"I don't see in the immediate future the state taking much action. Just today, the justice department actually decided not to enforce federal marijuana laws against Colorado and Washington that adopted those laws, so that could change the thinking in the state legislature." said Prof. Collin Miller with USC School of Law.
The rally begins at 4 p.m. Friday at Congressman Jim Clyburn's office located at 1225 Lady Street in downtown Columbia.
Oscar winner Alex Gibney is putting the finishing touches on a documentary that tackles the Church of Scientology and its high-profile members like Tom Cruise (pictured). Featureflash / Shutterstock.com HBO is producing a new documentary on the Church of Scientology so explosive that the network has been forced to hire legal backup.
"We have probably 160 lawyers" looking at the film, HBO Documentary Films president Sheila Nevins tells The Hollywood Reporter.
The documentary is based on Pulitzer Prize-winning author Lawrence Wright's controversial book "Going Clear: Scientology, Hollywood, & the Prison of Belief," which grew out of a New Yorker profile on former Scientologist director Paul Haggis.
Lawrence Wright's controversial book is the subject of a new HBO documentary. "Going Clear"/Knopf Publishing Wright's book was initially met with strong resistance from the litigious Church of Scientology and "threatening letters from lawyers" when it hit shelves in 2013. The church published a lengthy takedown of the book upon its US release, and it was never even published in the UK after the publisher dropped "Going Clear" at the advice of its lawyers.
HBO is bracing for protests as well but still hopes the doc will be done in time to be submitted to the Sundance Film Festival in January.
The doc "is expected to feature new revelations about the controversial religion and its famous followers Tom Cruise and John Travolta," THR reports.
Oscar-winning filmmaker Alex Gibney is attached to direct. Gibney's previous topics he has explored in his "documentary factory" include Lance Armstrong, Enron, Eliot Spitzer, WikiLeaks, and the US military.
Buffalo Bills quarterback Tyrod Taylor is compelling for more than just the obvious reasons.
Anybody can see the skill set he possesses and the way he's ignited a Buffalo team after being a relatively obscure backup in Baltimore. The more fascinating aspect of Taylor's ascent has more to do with what he might mean for the quarterback position moving forward. If he continues to succeed as he has so far, he could set the template for developing multidimensional quarterbacks in the very near future.
Taylor easily has been one of the most pleasant early surprises of the regular season. He's led the Bills to a 2-1 start and his passer rating (116.1) currently ranks fifth in the NFL. He's completed 74.4 percent of his passes and leads an offense that is averaging 33.3 points per game (third-best in the NFL). Basically, Taylor has been everything the Bills hoped he would be when they signed him as an unrestricted free agent in March. He's the epitome of a diamond in the rough.
His rise in Buffalo also suggests something else: That he has benefited from the kind of apprenticeship that it would behoove many raw quarterbacks to serve as they enter the NFL.
"You can see the accuracy, the poise in the pocket, the way he makes plays on the move now," Bills general manager Doug Whaley said. "When he came out of school, he was a 'run-read' guy who had to get on the edge to make plays. But with the broad difference between the college and pro game today, you're probably going to see more guys sitting for four or five years before they start. The higher a quarterback gets taken and has to play, the shorter the time he has to develop. If Tyrod had to play early, he might be out of the league by now."
That is the important thing to note about Taylor, along with nearly every other quarterback who thrived in a spread offense in college. There have been constant debates about how players in those systems are supposed to transition into a league that asks far more of signal callers than they were ever expected to handle at lower levels. It's one thing for quarterbacks to never enter a huddle, take a snap under center or change a play without looking to mini-billboards on a sideline. It's an entirely different situation when those same quarterbacks move into a league where they have to decipher complicated coverages, recognize exotic blitz packages and pray that defenders like J.J. Watt don't end their careers.
Taylor is an early success story in 2015 largely because he was given the time to figure out how to play the position correctly. He had plenty of nice accomplishments at Virginia Tech -- he was the 2010 ACC Player of the Year and a four-year starter who passed for 7,017 yards and ran for another 2,196 -- but he wasn't a user-friendly product by the league's standards. Taylor was a raw passer -- at best -- when the Ravens selected him in the sixth round of the 2011 NFL Draft. He was a project who needed quality time to become a quarterback a team could trust, the kind of time that is harder to come by in a league where players have limited exposure to coaches in the offseason.
We now can see that Taylor's route is a far better path for young quarterbacks who blossomed in the spread. There are some players who have revealed the ability to blow us away with their skills early -- such as Washington's Robert Griffin III, Carolina's Cam Newton and San Francisco's Colin Kaepernick -- but we also have watched many of them struggle mightily, as well. There's little doubt that the Jets' Geno Smith and Browns' Johnny Manziel weren't nearly as ready for prime time as they might have thought coming out of college. For every former spread quarterback who shows promise (like Minnesota's Teddy Bridgewater), there are three or four others who bottom out quickly (think Blaine Gabbert, Colt McCoy and Jake Locker).
It's appealing to point to an impressive rookie like the Titans' Marcus Mariota as a counter-argument to the notion that spread quarterbacks struggle to assimilate into the league, but even that would be a reach. What Mariota proves is that not all spread offenses are created equal. His coaches in Tennessee say that he had far more exposure to pro-style principles during his All-American career at Oregon than outsiders realize. By being asked to go through progressions on passing plays, understand pass-protection schemes and throw with anticipation, Mariota had the opportunity to learn vital fundamentals that assist him today.
Taylor is displaying a similar savvy this season, largely because the Ravens had a smart plan for him. He sat behind Joe Flacco for four seasons. He learned from bright coordinators like Cam Cameron, Jim Caldwell and Gary Kubiak. And he grew without the weight of heavy expectations or the frustration of not being able to do everything that he needed to do to start in the NFL.
From the minute Taylor joined the Bills, he displayed a self-assurance that was undeniable. Whaley said the Bills had been tracking his progress since college and their research had reassured them that, as the GM said, "A lot of people thought Tyrod had a chance to take the next step as a passer."
Said Taylor: "Like I've said from Day 1, I've been confident in my ability, but it's never just about me. I'm definitely steadily growing, learning each and every day and the goal is to get better each and every day. Learn from your mistakes and continue to keep moving forward."
It will be interesting to see if Taylor succeeds enough for other teams to pursue a similar route with young, multidimensional passers. For example, the Green Bay Packers used a fifth-round pick on Brett Hundley in this year's draft (and some thought the UCLA product had the potential to go much higher). He could be a player who blossoms while sitting behind Aaron Rodgers. Other teams already might be monitoring how Hundley grows in that kind of environment.
The main point of all this is that we're entering a brave new world when it comes to developing quarterbacks. It used to be a simple debate when it came to handling such players: Do you start them as rookies or sit them for a few years? It almost seems like a conversation that isn't even worth having today, not unless you're selecting a quarterback from a pro-style system (like Tampa Bay's Jameis Winston, formerly of Florida State) or one who is considered a once-in-a-lifetime prospect (like Indianapolis' Andrew Luck, who also learned his craft in a pro-style offense at Stanford).
The value Taylor brought to Buffalo went beyond his skill set, by the way. He also was smart enough to see the benefit of joining a team that already had a strong defense and an improved running game (Buffalo traded for LeSean McCoy just before Taylor signed). Taylor didn't fear the idea of competing with 2013 first-round pick EJ Manuel or veteran Matt Cassel for a job. As Whaley said, "Tyrod won the job because no matter who was out there with in the preseason -- first-string, second-string, third-string -- he made the other players better."
So far, everybody is happy with how things are turning out. In fact, Taylor impressed his teammates after last Sunday's 41-14 win at Miami by wearing a three-piece suit on the team plane -- after head coach Rex Ryan had given his players the option of wearing sweats or going business-casual. When a teammate asked Taylor why he donned the fancy outfit, he told him, "If I'm going to be the starting quarterback, I'm going to carry myself like one."
It was a comment that told everybody something that more people are discovering about Taylor: He's already learned plenty about what it takes to succeed at this level.
Follow Jeffri Chadiha on Twitter @jeffrichadiha.
