Authorities say a jealous boyfriend crashed his car into his girlfriend's car Monday and chased her through the streets of Framingham because she was giving another man a ride home.The Metrowest Daily News reports the police arrested Fabricio DeOliveira, 19, at his 25 Bethany Road home after the 2:15 p.m. incident.Police went to Westview Road after several calls about cars “traveling at a high rate of speed through residential neighborhoods and caused significant damage to several parked vehicles,” according to a police report filed in Framingham District Court Tuesday.Police found an 18-year-old woman in a damaged car. She told police that she was giving a male friend a ride home from Framingham High School when her boyfriend, DeOliveira sideswiped her car with his.DeOliveira chased the car through several neighborhoods. The woman said she hit some trees and parked cars because she was so afraid, police wrote in the report.DeOliveira drove his car head-on into the rear passenger side and drove off, police wrote in the report.According to the report, police are still determining how many vehicles may have been struck.Police went to DeOliveira's home. At first he denied anything happening, but discovered a car in his neighbor's driveway with recent damage. DeOliveira admitted he had borrowed his neighbor's car, but denied chasing and striking his girlfriend's car.Police arrested DeOliveira and charged him with assault and battery with a dangerous weapon (car), driving without a license and leaving the scene of an accident causing property damage.At DeOliveira's Framingham District Court arraignment Tuesday, Judge Jennifer Stark released him without bail and ordered him to have no contact with the victim. The woman also obtained a restraining order.DeOliveira is due back in court Jan. 12 for a pretrial conference.
Authorities say a jealous boyfriend crashed his car into his girlfriend's car Monday and chased her through the streets of Framingham because she was giving another man a ride home.
The Metrowest Daily News reports the police arrested Fabricio DeOliveira, 19, at his 25 Bethany Road home after the 2:15 p.m. incident.
Advertisement
Police went to Westview Road after several calls about cars “traveling at a high rate of speed through residential neighborhoods and caused significant damage to several parked vehicles,” according to a police report filed in Framingham District Court Tuesday.
Police found an 18-year-old woman in a damaged car. She told police that she was giving a male friend a ride home from Framingham High School when her boyfriend, DeOliveira sideswiped her car with his.
DeOliveira chased the car through several neighborhoods. The woman said she hit some trees and parked cars because she was so afraid, police wrote in the report.
DeOliveira drove his car head-on into the rear passenger side and drove off, police wrote in the report.
According to the report, police are still determining how many vehicles may have been struck.
Police went to DeOliveira's home. At first he denied anything happening, but discovered a car in his neighbor's driveway with recent damage. DeOliveira admitted he had borrowed his neighbor's car, but denied chasing and striking his girlfriend's car.
Police arrested DeOliveira and charged him with assault and battery with a dangerous weapon (car), driving without a license and leaving the scene of an accident causing property damage.
At DeOliveira's Framingham District Court arraignment Tuesday, Judge Jennifer Stark released him without bail and ordered him to have no contact with the victim. The woman also obtained a restraining order.
DeOliveira is due back in court Jan. 12 for a pretrial conference.
AlertMe
On Friday night, it was the 29-year-old right-hander Jason Hammel pitching Baltimore on to victory over Washington to open a weekend series.
Leading Baltimore over D.C. on a scorching Saturday afternoon was a three-year old food truck named the Gypsy Queen.
On the weekend when the Nationals were visiting Oriole Park, a fleet of Washington's food trucks came to visit Baltimore, too. The setting was the Westport Waterfront, a scrappy stretch of harbor-side property about a mile and a half south of Camden Yards. The occasion was a Taste of Two Cities, the first gathering of the best food trucks, some three dozen in all, from the rivalrous cities.
Jenna Reichen and Freddie Melchior were among the D.C. residents making a full day of it in Baltimore. They were headed to Camden Yards for Saturday night's game, but on Saturday afternoon the food truck fans were checking out what Baltimore's trucks had to offer. They liked what they tasted. “Baltimore's grilled cheese truck is better than the one in D.C.,” Melchior said.
Reichen was uncertain about the venue, though. “I think the location is a little weird,” she said. “At the D.C events, you can play cornhole while you eat.”
But if you went looking for serious trash talk, you'd come to the wrong place. A spirit of cooperation, and curiosity, prevailed.
“The closer we get together, the more we can give people what they want, said James Vitarello, a co-owner of Fojol Bros., a fleet of D.C.-based food trucks.
Mayor Stephanie Rawlings-Blake, one of the Baltimore food-truck fleet's biggest supporters was among those gathering.
“When you see an event like this that brings two cities together in the spirit of friendly competition,” the mayor said, “it makes me feel that I made the right decision in supporting the food trucks. Food trucks really speak to the personality of the city.”
Still, there was a competition — for the coveted Mayor's Cup — awarded to the best food truck as determined by a panel of judges, four from each city, including Baltimore media personalities, Washington food writers and the wife of the developer who owns the Westport property.
Mayor Rawlings-Blake announced the top three placers just after 1:30 p.m. Third place went to Miss Shirley's, the food truck ambassador of Baltimore's popular brunch spot. Second place went to Red Hook Lobster, whose Maine and Connecticut-style lobster rolls have an ardent D.C. following.
But first place was taken by the Gypsy Queen, the truck operated by Annemarie Langdon and Tom Looney, formerly of Helen's Garden in Canton. Gypsy Queen's victory means, according to Damian Bohager, an organizer of Saturday's event, that the Mayor's Cup will remain in Baltimore at least until the next inter-city food truck battle.
The people also had their say, via text. The People's Choice awards went to The Cajunator (D.C) and Souper Freak (Baltimore).
If a Taste of Two Cities was short on beanbag diversions — and shaded seating — it didn't stop the crowds from coming. Che Ruddell-Tabisola, executive director of the D.C. Food Trucks Association and co-owner of the BBQ Bus food truck, estimated that about 5,000 people had come through by 4 p.m., when the grounds started filling up with pre-baseball game partiers.
By the event's end, Bohager put the number at 12,000.
For D.C. food trucks, there's always next year. Bohager said that he plans to make A Taste of Two Cities an annual event.
@gorelickingood
Confusion over race hindered search for hospital patient found dead
San Francisco's sheriff says initial reports at the hospital about Lynne Spalding's disappearance described her as African American and Asian. Inadequate searches were also to blame.
Spalding, who had stopped using "Ford" after her divorce, lived in San Francisco's Mission District for years, working in jobs related to the travel industry. The 57-year-old British woman who charmed friends with her vivacious nature and heavy accent was admitted to the hospital with an infection.
Mirkarimi, using the woman's legal name, said the "loving mother of two" could have been "anyone's loved one, which is why the severity of the situation is not lost on any of us. What happened to Ms. Spalding Ford should never have happened to anyone," he said, vowing to ensure that "it will never happen again."
The inquiry is not yet complete. But San Francisco Sheriff Ross Mirkarimi, whose department is responsible for security at the 24-acre public hospital campus, held a City Hall news conference to share initial findings into what went wrong in the search for Lynne Spalding.
SAN FRANCISCO — Efforts to locate a patient found dead in a stairwell 17 days after she disappeared from her room at San Francisco General Hospital were stymied by confusion over her race, inadequate searches and malfunctioning technology, a preliminary sheriff's investigation showed Wednesday.
The chronology that Mirkarimi read aloud begins a few days later, on Sept. 21, when Spalding walked out of her room on Ward 5D and failed to return.
Some miscommunication is attributed to hospital employees. Most of the mishaps, however, appear to be the fault of sheriff's deputies with the "institutional patrol unit," which oversees hospital security.
In an initial 10:25 a.m. call to the unit, a hospital staffer described Spalding as "African American and wearing a hospital gown." Spalding is white and it was not known at the time whether she was in a gown or street clothes.
Swing-shift deputies who came on duty at 8 that night were unaware of the disappearance, but after gathering information at her ward they described her in a log as an "Asian female."
Spalding's physician had to twice call deputies to clarify that Spalding had gone AWOL, was "confused and not safe to be on her own," and could be in danger.
Still, because Spalding was not on a psychiatric hold, she was not formally considered a missing person by deputies at the hospital, who were on the lookout and said that if they saw her they'd bring her back. But they weren't systematically searching for her. Spalding's daughter contacted the San Francisco Police Department, which launched the missing person case.
The search was further stymied by surveillance system hardware issues that prompted an eight-day delay in providing video to police that might have shown Spalding leaving the facility.
Meanwhile, a search of the "entire campus" by deputies, which hospital officials requested Sept. 30, "did not include all stairwells," Mirkarimi said. Although it resumed the following day, "only about half the stairwells were searched."
The last contact with deputies came on the morning of Oct. 4, when a member of the hospital's medical staff called to say "someone had told the staff person that there was somebody laying on the landing in the 3rd or 4th floor of stairwell 8."
"The communications center staff responded, 'We'll look into it,' " the findings state. "There is no indication that anyone was dispatched to the exterior stairwell."
Wolfenstein: The Old Blood is a standalone prequel to the critically acclaimed first-person action-adventure shooter, Wolfenstein®: The New Order. The adventure, which spans eight chapters and two interconnected stories, features the hallmarks of MachineGames – thrilling action, immersive story and intense first-person combat. As war hero B.J. Blazkowicz, arm yourself with new weapons such as the bolt-action rifle and grenade-launching Kampfpistole as you attempt to thwart the advancing Nazi war machine, and take advantage of duel-wielding pipes that can be used for wall climbing – or for vicious take-downs of never-before-seen Nazi adversaries.
The year is 1946 and the Nazis are on the brink of winning World War II. In an effort to turn the tide in the allies' favor, B.J. Blazkowicz must embark on an epic, two-part mission deep within Bavaria….
Part one of Wolfenstein: The Old Blood - Rudi Jäger and the Den of Wolves - pits BJ Blazkowicz against a maniacal prison warden as he breaks into Castle Wolfenstein in an attempt to steal the coordinates to General Deathshead's compound. In part two – The Dark Secrets of Helga Von Schabbs – our hero's search for the coordinates leads him to the city of Wulfburg where an obsessed Nazi archaeologist is exhuming mysterious artifacts that threaten to unleash a dark and ancient power.
Highlights
Middletown police officer applies for alcohol education program after DUI charge
Middletown Police Officer Francesca Quaranta in her Newington home in this 2013 file photo. Middletown Police Officer Francesca Quaranta in her Newington home in this 2013 file photo. Photo: Catherine Avalone — The Middletown Press Photo: Catherine Avalone — The Middletown Press Image 1 of / 1 Caption Close Middletown police officer applies for alcohol education program after DUI charge 1 / 1 Back to Gallery
MIDDLETOWN >> A city police officer Tuesday applied for an alcohol education program in Middletown Superior Court after facing a drunken driving arrest in December.
Francesca Quaranta, 46, of Newington, said in court while she submitted her application that she has never been convicted of driving under the influence or used the education program before.
Quaranta was arrested on Christmas Eve by state police at Troop K and was also charged with failure to drive right. She was released from police custody for after posting a $500 bond.
Middletown Mayor Dan Drew said what happens to a city officer after being arrested for driving under the influence depends on the situation and severity.
“If it's not so significant, an officer is allowed to do desk work within the department while the investigation is conducted,” Drew said. “It depends on the nature of the case. If it's significant, the officer is placed on paid administrative leave.”
In this case, Quaranta has been on administrative leave since Aug. 25, 2013. She filed a complaint against the police department with the Commission on Human Rights and Opportunities in October 2013. The complaint stated that Quaranta experienced discrimination at the department because of her wigs and earrings.
An investigation against Middletown Police Chief William McKenna is also ongoing after Quaranta and two other officers accused McKenna of soliciting narcotics years ago.
Quaranta and her attorney, Atiya Sample, declined to comment on the DUI charges Tuesday.
[This is] a playful statement, made in the context of fiction, with no claim to “being real.” Yet it is a subversive statement. . . . Fantasy not only asks ‘What if things didn't go on just as they do?' but demonstrates what they might be like if they went otherwise—thus gnawing at the very foundation of the belief that things have to be the way they are.
Le Guin has always been fascinated by the subversive possibility of imaginative writing, and the central conceits of her two best-known series explore it. The Hainish Cycle is a series of stand-alone novels set in the same universe, on separate planets where civilization has developed in radically different ways. Humans can travel between these planets, but they cannot travel faster than light, and so the expenditure of time is prohibitive; but they remain connected through Le Guin's signature SF invention, the “ansible.” The ansible is a communication device allowing near instant communication between any two points. People on separate worlds who could never cross the vast distances between them in the span of a single life can still communicate. This imaginary technology poses an interesting thought experiment. If two people can only trade information, what effect can they have on each other's lives? The ansible is an obvious metaphor for writing itself.
The Earthsea Cycle, by contrast, is a series of fantasy novels and short stories set in a universe where anything spoken in Old Speech—a language in which everything has a secret, true name—comes to pass. Again the central conceit appears to reflect the question of writing itself, and how it can affect the world. The condition for using Old Speech—that you must find out a thing's true name—suggests a condition for good writing: you must describe the world accurately. How could a writer of science fiction and fantasy suggest such a thing?
“The direction of escape is toward freedom,” she notes. “So what is ‘escapism' an accusation of?”
Le Guin has stated that she thinks of genre as a formal constraint, the way a writer of sonnets might treat the fourteen lines as a limitation that allows for otherwise impossible effects. A book like The Left Hand of Darkness checks all the genre boxes—an alien world, thrilling events, political machinations—but at the same time, it invites us to reflect on the role of sex in everyday life and everyday aggression, as we inhabit the point of view of a male stranger on a hermaphroditic world. Often Le Guin's protagonists are strangers exposed to new societies, and their visions of otherness become vehicles for the reader's self-reflection, highlighting the strangenesses in our own world that we've become too accustomed to to notice. For Le Guin, imaginative fiction is not “escapist” in the usual, derogatory sense, but in a different, subversive sense: “The direction of escape is toward freedom,” she notes. “So what is ‘escapism' an accusation of?”
Now, at 87, Le Guin has stopped writing fiction. She continues to blog, and she has found ways to pursue a similar subversive mission in the new medium.
On the blog, Le Guin's scope is somewhat narrower. A running theme is the life of her cat, Pard. Between each of No Time to Spare's four topical sections are essays entitled “Annals of Pard.” Devoting such time and interest to the observation of a cat might seem to represent the commonest impulses both of internet culture and old age; but, as always, Le Guin wades into her new genre to deepen and expand it. When Pard brings her a living mouse to and drops it on her bed in the night, her solution is to lock them together in the kitchen until the mouse disappears (whether through elusion or ingestion, she doesn't know). She reflects on the ethical implications and possible reasons for her resistance to intervention:
The line-up for Iqaluit's soup kitchen stretches out the door, down a flight of wooden steps and onto the icy street.
Dozens of people wait patiently in -40 C cold, braced against the gusting shards of wind.
Inside, Cathy Sawer stirs an industrial-sized pot brimming with chicken soup, enough for 200 servings.
The 65-year-old and her fellow volunteers have been in the kitchen since 8 a.m., preparing a lunch that will be the only meal of the day for many of those waiting outside.
"You wish you could always do more, but there's only so many hours in a day," Sawer said.
Nunavut's long-standing struggle with sky-high food prices and widespread hunger has prompted intense scrutiny of late for both the federal and territorial governments. Protests have popped up across the territory; even the UN has weighed in.
In the wake of a November report from the federal auditor general critiquing the government's food-subsidy program, footage emerged of Rankin Inlet residents foraging in the town dump, triggering howls of outrage in the House of Commons.
In the middle of it all was the government's Nunavut MP, Environment Minister Leona Aglukkaq, who at the height of the controversy was plainly seen reading a newspaper in the Commons instead of fielding questions about the food problem.
'We have some momentum'
Aglukkaq, who eventually apologized, insists hunger in the North has been exaggerated. But there's a sense in Nunavut that with all the fresh attention on an old problem, things may finally change — albeit slowly.
"We have some momentum on this issue," said Ed McKenna, director of Nunavut's Anti-Poverty Secretariat. "But it's going to take time to see that translated to concrete work."
Stephen Wallick, chair of the board of the Niqinik Nuatsivik Nunavut Food Bank, shows a two-week supply of food at the Iqaluit food bank. (Sean Kilpatrick/Canadian Press) Food insecurity — defined as a lack of access to healthy, affordable food — is not a new phenomenon in Nunavut. Even the traditional Inuit diet of caribou, fish, birds, whales, seal and berries left people vulnerable to hunger pains if they couldn't find any plants or wild animals to eat. But the problem is as persistent as ever, despite decades of government programs, subsidies, a renewed emphasis on hunting, and community spirit.
"I grew up hungry, but not starving," said Leesee Papatsie, who helped organize Nunavut-wide food price protests and started the "Feeding My Family" group on Facebook.
"There were certainly times when we were hungry where we ate nothing but tea and bannock for days, and oatmeal. We used to go garbage-picking. We knew which houses had food. That was the main thing. We knew which houses had food."
People turn to families and friends when they can't put food on the table. Others go to Iqaluit's soup kitchen or to the food bank on the two days a month that it's open. Those who can, hunt.
And yes, some scour the local dump for scraps of food.
"There are people that sometimes go to our public meetings for the purpose of knowing that there's going to be food and refreshments there," said Madeleine Redfern, the former mayor of Iqaluit.
"There's a lot of people leaning on their family or friends because they simply do not have enough food between every paycheque or between every social-assistance cheque. It puts a lot of pressure on other people's families as a result. It's very hard."
High cost of living
The food bank, soup kitchen and other social services mean Iqaluit — located on the south coast of Baffin Island — is better off than Nunavut's other, far-flung communities. The dump, on fire until just a few months ago, is fenced in to discourage scroungers.
But the capital is still a more expensive place to live than other parts of Canada. In the winter, everything must be flown in by aircraft. Cargo can also be brought in by boat, which takes longer but generally costs less, although the shipping season is limited because the water freezes.
Frobisher Bay is viewed as people make their way along a path in Iqaluit earlier this month. A change in government policy in the 1950s and 1960s led to an upheaval of the traditional Inuit way of life. (Sean Kilpatrick/Canadian Press) The high cost of living has forced more and more families to turn to the local food bank. Stephen Wallick, chairman of the board of the Niqinik Nuatsivik Food Bank, said it started out in 2001 serving about 30 families. Today, he said, as many as 120 families come looking for food and supplies every two weeks.
In those 13 years, the sparsely populated territory has been expanding steadily. Eighty per cent of Nunavut's 36,585 people are Inuit, and a third of them are under the age of 18, making it Canada's youngest population.
At the same time, the employment situation has improved only marginally. Among the working-age population, just half have a job — about the same proportion as a decade ago.
While the jobless rate across the territory has fallen from 13.6 per cent in 2004 to 11.7 per cent now, unemployment is still far higher than the national rate of 6.6 per cent. Among Inuit, the unemployment rate has gone from 18.7 per cent in 2004 to 16.5 per cent nowadays.
A study released last year by the Caledon Institute of Social Policy found the number of welfare recipients as a percentage of the population is far higher in Nunavut — where it was 49.1 per cent at last count — than anywhere else in the country. British Columbia came a distant second, at 10.5 per cent.
That may help explain why more people are going to the soup kitchen and food bank.
"It's reaching a small percentage of the total population here, but it's those who are in need," Wallick said. "It's not really meant to be a replacement for their food source, just emergency and supplement."
$26 orange juice
Food on store shelves is a bit cheaper than in the more remote communities, although hardly a bargain.
A two-litre jug of orange juice was selling for $26.29 at one local grocer; a four-litre bottle of milk was $10.39, with a sign advising shoppers it would be $20.91 without the federal Nutrition North subsidy.
The food bank itself is running hand to mouth — a sign of the strain on Iqaluit's social services.
"We're often running $20,000 behind, but you just trust that it's going to come in, and it usually does," Sawer said, "especially around Christmas."
Nutrition North — the $60-million program in last month's auditor general's report — was supposed to help ease Nunavut's food-price problem. But Aboriginal Affairs and Northern Development Canada can't say whether retailers are passing the food subsidy on to consumers, the audit concluded.
The 2014 Nunavut Food Price Survey found food prices across Nunavut dropped four per cent from last year. But people still pay an average of $16 for a kilogram of chicken in Nunavut compared to $7 in the rest of Canada. The average cost of 2.5 kilograms of flour in Nunavut is $13 — about $5 everywhere else.
The last Inuit Health Survey found nearly 70 per cent of Inuit households in Nunavut are food insecure — meaning they lack access to safe, healthy food. That's more than eight times the national average and is among the highest rates for an indigenous population in a developed country.
Hunting encouraged
So how does the territory tackle its food security problem?
Traditional Inuit fare — so-called "country food" that consists of caribou, seal and whale meat — offers one option.
A key recommendation of the Nunavut Food Security Coalition, made up of representatives from the territorial government, Inuit organizations, industry and social justice groups, was to encourage people to hunt.
Will Hyndman tried to do just that.
The former Edmonton native started a hunter and trapper's market in Iqaluit, and invited hunters — most of whom struggle to buy ammunition and fuel — to sell their meat in town.
"The goal was really to change the conversation about how we deal with country food here in Iqaluit," Hyndman said, little icicles forming on the tips of his moustache, as he stood with his dog on the frozen shores of Koojesse Inlet.
"When you go hunting, you can't take your fish and stuff it back down your gas tank. You can't take your seal and turn it into more bullets, whereas traditionally everything came from the animals that you were hunting.
"So now we need to something else to close that loop of sustainability, and the market was one way to do that."
Dear Reader, As you can imagine, more people are reading The Jerusalem Post than ever before. Nevertheless, traditional business models are no longer sustainable and high-quality publications, like ours, are being forced to look for new ways to keep going. Unlike many other news organizations, we have not put up a paywall. We want to keep our journalism open and accessible and be able to keep providing you with news and analysis from the frontlines of Israel, the Middle East and the Jewish World.
The Palestinians on Monday rejected Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu's call to hold direct talks in Paris under the auspices of the French government.
“Direct negotiations with Mr. Netanyahu in the past have proven to be fruitless; why repeat the same mistakes?" said Jamal Dajani, the director of communications for Palestinian Authority Prime Minister Rami Hamdallah.
“Actions speak louder than words," Dajani said. "Mr. Netanyahu's actions have shown that he's more interested in building illegal settlements than in reaching peace.”He spoke in advance of Hamdallah's scheduled meeting in Ramallah on Tuesday morning with visiting French Prime Minister Manuel Valls, who is wrapping up a three-day trip to Israeli and the Palestinian territories.Valls' trip has focused on promoting economic ties with both governments and continued briefings about the new peace initiative his country is set to launch on June 3 in hopes of jumpstarting Israeli-Palestinian talks, which have been frozen since April 2014.Representatives from over 20 countries are set to gather in Paris on June 3 to plan for a large peace conference in the fall that would set the parameters for the renewal of talks to resolve the Israeli-Palestinian conflict. The Israelis and Palestinians are not invited to that initial meeting.Netanyahu has opposed the two-part French initiative, which he believes will simply dictate the outcome of the process and gives the Palestinians an excuse to avoid direct talks on a two-state solution.During his Monday meeting with Valls, Netanyahu urged his French counterpart to amend the initiative so that it instead becomes a platform for him and Abbas to hold talks in Paris without preconditions.“I'm ready to clear my schedule and fly to Paris tomorrow,” Netanyahu said, adding, “I will clear my calendar, and I hope that this is taken up by you and by the Palestinians.”Valls said he would present Netanyahu's proposal to French President Francois Hollande.The Palestinians, however, prefer an internationalized process and as such have welcomed the French initiative.Dajani reiterated that sentiment on Monday night.“Prime Minister Hamdallah welcomes the French effort to host an international conference in Paris aimed at reviving the peace process and hopefully the recognition of the State of Palestine,” he said.The Palestinians would like to see talks occur within internationally agreed upon parameters that set a timetable for an Israeli withdrawal to the pre-1967 lines and a halt to settlement activity, including Jewish building in east Jerusalem.The United States on Monday said it preferred to see the Israelis and Palestinians sit down together and talk, but that it did not believe such negotiations were possible at this time.“If they are willing [to talk], then certainly we are not going to stand in their way,” State Department deputy spokesman Mark Toner said.But, he cautioned, “We believe that there's got to be more groundwork laid before that process can go forward.“We don't want to see negotiations for the sake of negotiations. We want a clear path forward, and we need the – set the right climate or right environment for those negotiations to proceed,” he said.US Secretary of State John Kerry is expected to attend the June 3rd ministerial meeting.“He wants to work with the French. He wants to work with other partners in the coming days to ensure that this is as productive and constructive a process as possible,” Toner said.
Join Jerusalem Post Premium Plus now for just $5 and upgrade your experience with an ads-free website and exclusive content. Click here>>
Following yesterday's announcement that Microsoft's Office Open XML format (OOXML) has been approved as an ISO standard, critics of OOXML are voicing support for the competing OpenDocument Format (ODF) and have expressed concerns about the future of document standards and of the ISO.
Red Hat's legal team published a statement criticizing the ISO fast track process and expressing disappointment with the outcome. "Will the real interoperability standard please stand up?" Red Hat's legal team wrote. "Red Hat thinks governments and enterprises are not so easily confused. The Open Document Format, which has long been a multiparty-supported ISO standard, will continue to be a force in procurement decisions to be reckoned with. Government and Enterprises are tired of the lack of choice, lack of innovation, and premium rents from vendor lock-in."
IBM issued a statement affirming ongoing support for ODF too, but also expresses interest in collaborating with ISO to improve interoperability between ODF and OOXML in the future. "IBM will continue to be an active supporter of ODF. We look forward to being part of the community that works to harmonize ODF and OOXML for the sake of consumers, companies and governments, when OOXML control and maintenance is fully transferred to JTC1 (ISO/IEC)," IBM told us.
Bob Sutor, IBM's executive vice president of standards, has some additional comments in a blog entry. He says that OOXML's path to ISO approval illuminates a number of notable flaws in the standards process that reflect a bigger and more important issue than OOXML itself. "I'm energized to take the bigger fight for openness to the next level with the thousands of individuals who are now convinced that the standards system needs fixing, and soon," he wrote.
A similar response came from Patrick Durusau, an ODF coeditor who has vocally supported ISO standardization for OOXML. Although Durusau believes that OOXML is a "poster child for the open standards development process," he says that ad hoc rules and "process failures" had a detrimental impact on the OOXML revision and approval effort. Durusau calls for standards process reforms and argues that ISO needs to be more inclusive.
Ubuntu founder Mark Shuttleworth was among those who criticized the outcome of the vote. "It's sad that the ISO was not willing to admit that its process was failing horribly," Shuttleworth said in an interview. "We're not going to invest in trying to implement a standard that is poorly defined."
Some questions remain about potential irregularities that cropped up during the voting process. The European Commission is investigating whether Microsoft committed any antitrust abuses during OOXML's journey through ISO. Developers are also evaluating prospects for harmonizing OOXML and ODF and will watch closely to make sure that Microsoft lives up to its promise to make Office conform to the actual documented specification.
Duquette on the Markakis rumors
MLB.com/blogs Blocked Unblock Follow Dec 2, 2014
By Britt Ghiroli
BALTIMORE — The Orioles watched Nelson Cruz sign a four-year pact with Seattle and fans anxiously started to wonder if Nick Markakis would be the next free agent to go elsewhere. And while that's still a possibility, and will remain one until Markakis is off the market, the O's aren't counting out a return for the longtime Oriole outfielder just yet.
“Rumors of our demise are largely exaggerated,” executive vice president of baseball operations Dan Duquette said of a report Monday that claimed the odds were “less than 50–50.' of Markakis returning. “We are still working on a number of different ways to staff our outfield. I am confident we will be able to find some good options.”
Markakis is one that looked to be done earlier this offseason, with the two sides on the verge of a new contract shortly after the postseason ended. But it never got done, prompting Markakis' camp to look elsewhere and talks to stall last month. There is rumored interest in Markakis from other clubs, with CBSSports.com citing the Braves, Blue Jays and Giants among them, but Baltimore hasn't given up on landing the 31-year-old Markakis. A Monkton, Md. resident who is active in the community and a favorite of owner Peter Angelos, Markakis' status with the O's doesn't really change with the Cruz signing as the two have different skill sets.
“Nelson is more of power hitter, Nick's strength is his ability to get on base,” said Duquette, who stated earlier this offseason that the club had enough resources to try to sign both players. “Nelson did a great job for us and he got a good contract. So, we have to be cognizant of replacing his presence in our lineup.”
Recently, I had the opportunity to travel with comrades Karla Quintero (Transportation Alternatives) and Aaron Naparstek (Streetsblog) to Bogotá, Colombia to document some of the amazing advances going on in the livable streets movement there. On Sunday we spent the entire day - from 5 AM 'til nearly 5 PM - riding bicycles around the city courtesy of the Ciclovia, a weekly event in which over 70 miles of city streets are closed to traffic where residents come out to walk, bike, run, skate, recreate, picnic, and talk with family, neighbors & strangers...it is simply one of the most moving experiences I have had in my entire life.
I shot with no plan, not knowing much of what was coming up next while we rode our bikes, just trying to capture the event in the moment. We were aided tremendously by the indefatigable Gil Peñalosa, Executive Director of Walk and Bike for Life (yes, brother of Enrique, the former Bogotá mayor.) Gil and his friendly support crew booked us an ambitious schedule and provided unparalleled access to people and places, allowing this mini film to be so much more than I had planned. And dare I leave out our StreeJ Karla Q, who was just so great on the mike. I think we came up with something very special and fun that will hopefully support and propel this movement forward in U.S. cities.
What immediately comes to mind when I think back to our trip were the ubiquitous smiles on everyone's faces wherever we went. Nearly 1.8 million Colombians out using the Ciclovia and Recreovia to de-stress, get healthy, and connect personally with their fellow citizens. Young or old, rich or poor, pedestrian or cyclist - in Bogotá everyone loves the Ciclovia.
Just to get a grasp on just what this could be like in NYC: imagine the once-a-year Bike New York event in May, multiply the number of participants by over 30, double the mileage of roads closed to cars and leave them that way for a full seven hours, make the event free, and then do it every Sunday - and holidays!(Note: this is the first of multiple reports from Bogotá. In the near future, look for a short(s) on BRT, cycle paths, Bogotá life and parks.)
Sead Kolasinac scored his first goal for the club on his Arsenal debut as we beat Chelsea on penalties to lift the Community Shield.
Victor Moses had given the Blues the lead right at the start of the second half with a sharp finish, before Sead Kolasinac equalised with a header on his debut.
But with no further goals, the game went to spot-kicks and Thiabaut Courtois the first to miss and then Alvaro Morata following suit for Antonio Conte's side.
That left Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain and Olivier Giroud with the chance to win it, and neither wasted their chance as we won 4-1 on penalties to lift the trophy.
Login or register to play video 15:13 Chelsea (n) - Highlights
We made a really sharp start and, with the sun once again shining down on Wembley as we snapped into tackles and passed it around slickly, it was hard not to think back to May 27, and that unforgettable Emirates FA Cup final.
Alex Iwobi has had a fine pre-season, and he picked up from where he left off in the opening exchanges, finding space in the area before firing in a powerful cross that just evades Alexandre Lacazette.
Iwobi was back at it again moments later, nearly breaking through again after slick way between him and Mohamed Elneny as we remained firmly on the front foot.
Our best chance of the first half came in the 22nd minute when Lacazette, a lively, impressive presence, span away from Marcos Alonso nby the halfway line and ran at pace towards goal.
The France international, Hector Bellerin and Danny Welbeck combined well, before the ball was returned to Lacazette to the left of the area, and his shot was curled beyond Courtois but rattled against the post.
A facial injury to Per Mertesacker, which ultimately saw the captain replaced by Sead Kolasinac, halted the game for a few minutes and somewhat took the momentum out of it – although Petr Cech had to be alert to deny Victor Moses and Pedro before the interval.
The game changed 44 seconds after the restart, as Chelsea took the lead when Moses reacted quickest to a ball headed back into the area, taking the ball down and beating Cech from close range.
Login or register to play video 00:51 Sead Kolasinac's first Arsenal goal
We reacted smartly to this setback, with Elneny twice taking aim in quick succession, firstly with a shot that flew high and wide and then with a cross-cum-shot that Courtois had to palm over the bar.
With clock counting down, and Olivier Giroud and Theo Walcott introduced off the bench, we tried to find a way back into the game – and came close when Granit Xhaka let fly from 30 yards, but his shot was tipped wide by Courtois.
There was a further twist though, when Pedro was given his marching orders for a late, raking tackle on the Achilles of Elneny – and from the resulting free kick we had the equaliser we deserved.
Xhaka, who had played a fine game, whipped in an inch-perfect ball and there was Kolasinac, in space and with time to pick his spot, and he made no mistake with a firm header into the bottom corner.
With the pendulum of the game having swung back in our favour, and with a man advantage, we pushed on in search of a winner – but to no avail, and on we went to penalties, using the ABBA system for the first time.
AS IT HAPPENED
Click here for our minute-by-minute coverage of all the action from Wembley.
BIG 17 WITH A BIG PERFORMANCE
6 – Iwobi wriggles his way past Azpilicueta and into the area, before pulling the ball back across goal but Lacazette cannot react quickly enough to convert it
10 – Iwobi plays a quick pass Elneny on the edge of the box and slips through into the box, but can't quite control the return pass properly and Courtois is able to block hit shot
44 – Iwobi spins away from Fabregas and makes a driving run to the edge of the area, where he combines well with Oxlade-Chamberlain before taking aim with a low shot that Courtois saves
Alexi Iwobi
64 – Iwobi spins away into space down the right and races towards goal, before putting a low ball into the box towards Lacazette but Cahill gets a foot in to snuff out the danger
67 – Iwobi makes way for Theo Walcott, but not before receiving a roar of approval from the Arsenal fans
Ross Ulbricht- Alleged Silk Road Owner
Eric Blair
Activist Post
The alleged developer of the dark market Silk Road, Ross Ulbricht, is facing up to 30 years in prison for computer hacking, drug conspiracy and money laundering charges. Most publications have written him off as guilty, but recent arguments highlight just how weak the prosecution's case actually is.
When the Internal Revenue Service issued tax guidance stating Bitcoin is not money, Ulbricht's attorney immediately filed a motion to dismiss money laundering charges. The argument being if bitcoin is not considered a “monetary instrument”, money laundering charges cannot apply.
However, yesterday the prosecutor responded to the motion to dismiss by directly contradicting the IRS guidance claiming that bitcoin fits “comfortably” in the government's “broad definition” of “funds”.
“Bitcoin transactions comfortably fit within the broad language of the definition,” wrote Assistant U.S. Attorney Serrin Turner. “as Bitcoins are ‘funds', and Bitcoin transactions, which are conducted via the Internet, therefore involve ‘the movement of funds by wire or other means.'”
Turner's best legal argument that bitcoin transactions fall “within the broad language of the definition” seems flimsy compared to IRS's official guidance. It is obvious to anyone who uses bitcoin that it acts as a currency, but if the U.S. government claims otherwise, then money laundering charges should be dropped or the IRS must reconsider bitcoin's classification.
This is not the prosecution's only sign of weakness in the case.
Computer hacking is another dubious charge in Ulbricht's case. Pretty much any “unauthorized” computer innovation or activity may fall into this category as we've seen with the tragic case of Aaron Swartz and the recently exonerated Andrew “weev” Auernheimer. Both accessed public content via the Internet and prosecutors sought sentences equivalent to rape and murder. Swartz, facing $1 million in fines and 35 years in prison, committed suicide two days after the prosecution denied his lawyer's second offer of a plea bargain.
Silk Road was a first-of-its-kind website that allowed users to engage in anonymous commerce by cleverly combining dark web hosting, the Tor browser, and bitcoin. Additionally, its unique automated escrow feature allowed users to achieve trust without revealing their identities. Because of its exotic anonymity features, the feds impulsively assume computer hacking or fraud was somehow involved except for one tiny detail – there is no victim of the alleged hacking. It seems like a vague tack-on charge used to justify forcing decades in prison to a non-violent offender.
Even the drug conspiracy charge is weak despite the website's obvious use, as the prosecutor's best argument is that current law is “expansive and adaptable”. The law they hope is adaptable is the Communications Decency Act, §230(c), passed by Congress, which says a website owner is not legally responsible for illicit actions of its users.
But Turner disagrees: “It hardly matters that Ulbricht's conduct took place on the Internet,” he argues. “The federal criminal laws are expansive and adaptable, and readily reach his conduct online to the same extent as if it occurred on the street.”
In other words, the prosecution says Ulbricht should be treated like the “kingpin” of a violent drug cartel even though it appears that he merely ran an e-commerce website — a rather insignificant charge that Ulbricht has pleaded not-guilty to.
Ulbricht's defense says the Communications Decency Act shields him from cartel-like charges and to say it doesn't is a threat to freedom and privacy for the entire Internet:
W here does the word "gamer" come from? And does it have a future in a culture where video games are a part of mainstream entertainment, consumed by all, rather than by a specific demographic subculture?
, a highly respected history of role-playing games. , written by games historian Jon Peterson, about the origins of the word, in early 20th century military-based board games. Peterson is the author of Playing at the World There's a great editorial here
A game for boys ... and for the more intelligent sort of girls
Peterson makes the convincing argument that "gamer" has always carried heavily male connotations and was seen, for a long time, as a word that generally meant a man. He's not merely talking about the arrival of Space Invaders and the Atari 2600. He's talking about the Victorian era.
He points to War Games, a military strategy amusement devised by H.G. Wells and pitched as "a game for boys ... and for the more intelligent sort of girls who like boys' games and books."
Editorials in specialist publications aimed at military board game strategists in the 1960s make reference to women having roles such as greeting gamers at the front door and serving up tea. Published subscriber lists of such magazines during that time are overwhelmingly of men's names.
That said, there's a nice illustration in the story (above) from a naval board game enthusiast in the 1940s, showing how women enjoyed playing games.
"Words that we use to define communities necessarily include some people and exclude others," said Peterson in an email interview with Polygon. "It so happens that the small community that self-identified as gamers in the 1960s was overwhelmingly male and governed by male cultural behaviors of the time.
"I don't think the word was originally intended to exclude women, but female participation was surprising: thus we see lots of qualifiers like 'women gamers' or 'lady gamers' by the mid-1970s when the community began to diversify. So I wouldn't lay much of blame on the term 'gamer' itself, though in the adversarial and often confrontational culture surrounding early gamers we do see foreshadowing of some of the darker elements of Internet gaming."
When Gary Gygax launched Dungeons & Dragons in 1974, it attracted negative comments about the lack of roles for women. Gygax, somewhat bemused, said he would increase women roles when women started to play his game. As the D&D craze swept through America in the late 1970s, research in the article states that one in 10 players was a woman.
There are men who do not enjoy the notion of being defeated by women
From time-to-time, experts in the 1970s wargaming were asked about why so few women played. Looking at their replies now, the general view seems to have been that it was an offshoot of military interests which were then viewed in absolutely male terms. Linda Mosca, a game designer, made this point at the time, also adding that men did not much fancy the prospect of being beaten by a woman, and so invitations to women to play were less likely. Gaming, at the time, was seen as a competitive pastime. This was an era when highly competitive women, in fields like tennis , were often portrayed in the media in a negative light.
The Future of Gamer
By the time computers and arcades co-opted the term "gamer," it was already deeply embedded as an offshoot of maleness, like "soldier" which would have been understood only in the context of a man. Formerly male-dominated professions have changed their meaning. But "gamer" as a badge of male identity, rather than a description of someone who enjoys a particular pastime, seems unwilling to move on.
Writing on Gamasutra last year, Brandon Sheffield said that the word does not have the same neutrality as "movie-goer" or "reader" in cinema and literature, because of its historic connections with lone boys in basements, an image the news business peddled for years. The word has also been driven into disrepute by marketers keen to segregate demographics for their own ends.
A section of "gamer culture" has sought to take ownership of the word as an identity of belonging, which has made the tag seem all the more exclusionary, particularly to those on the outside.
And so we are left with the problem of "gamer" holding two meanings; one cultural and one descriptive. Ultimately, those meanings cannot long survive side-by-side.
Back in the 1970s, the maleness of "gamer" not only made the jump from board games to electronic games, it embedded itself more firmly within the identity of being a gamer. "There was obvious cultural continuity between the wargame and role-playing game industry and the early computer game industry," said Peterson. "We see that in the designers, in the publishers, in the titles and in the fans. That helped the word 'gamer' broaden to include electronic game fans.
"But early personal computers also drew fans from outside of that analog games community, from people involved in things like hobby radio, arcades, model trains, or science fiction, which were often statistically a further source of gender imbalance. So multiple factors contributed to an initial lack of diversity."
Words alter their meaning all the time. So can gamer be rescued from beneath the baggage, or is it doomed?
Must Read No Girls Allowed
"Given events to date, I do still believe the word can be rescued, though I can imagine the situation deteriorating to a point where it's no longer viable," said Peterson. "Understanding the history of the term helps us to decide what 'gamer' really means and whether or not it implies something inherently problematic.
"Having some word like 'gamer' is so integral to our lives today that we couldn't do without it. We could fall back on the older word 'gamester,' but it seems so cumbersome and old-fashioned. And people would read 'hipster' into it, which isn't what it meant at all."
That is the problem, isn't it? We still require a formulation that signals "a liking for games," without also suggesting negative exclusionary notions or "a liking for games and nothing else." Such things are not decided by committee, and certainly not by editorial-writers.
"Gamer," as a word cannot mean something that everyone participates in, like "reader" at the same time as meaning an entertainment hobbyist male-dominated culture. If the latter usage continues unchanged, a widely accepted and more satisfyingly descriptive alternative is likely to arise sooner rather than later.
Final Fantasy Explorers Composer Reveals The Game's Main Battle Theme
By Sato . July 18, 2014 . 3:02pm
Tsuyoshi Sekito, the composer for Final Fantasy Explorers, has been discussing his work in a four-part column on the game on 4Gamer. The third part was recently published, and in it, we get to listen to a bit of the game's battle theme.
According to Sekito, the “Normal Battle 1” track starts out with an intro-like two measures to start out, then onto the main melody two seconds later, as he feels that goes perfectly with the idea of “instantly from the field to the battle scene!” which is suited the action-heavy game.
He also believes that the track is a versatile one, as the tempo isn't too fast, and has the image of the players being supported along with great melodies.
He also explains that he put a considerable amount of guitar sampling into the track, which gives it a nice presence for a battle-sounding track. He also mentions that the Normal Battle track is made of two pieces, with the other kicking in over time, to give players a more fresh feeling during the tougher and longer fights.
“Again, without using the digital modeling guitar plug-in software as I usually do for Final Fantasy Explorers, this time I prepared a recording method by using a mic and a small tube amp,” explains Sekito.
He then explains that digital and analog recording both have their upsides, but prioritized the sound of presence you can only get from analog, this time around.
For those of you interested in what he's using as far as guitars go, he's using one six-stringed guitar, and two seven-stringed guitars. The six-string guitar is at a standard low-E, whereas the seven-stringer is brought down to a B.
The Normal Battle 1 track you heard has parts that go with a lower sound than a regular six-string guitar can go, so he's been recording with the seven-string guitar.
Sekito says that some of the especially low-toned parts can get a little dim if he used digital recording, so he felt that he went with the right choice to go with analog recording, this time around.
Next time, Sekito says, he'll reveal the Boss Battle track for Final Fantasy Explorers.
Final Fantasy Explorers is slated for release sometime this Winter in Japan for Nintendo 3DS.
(Washington D.C., June 1, 2011) Today the Appignani Humanist Legal Center filed a lawsuit on behalf of the United Coalition of Reason (UnitedCoR) in response to an Arkansas transit organization's refusal to lease advertising space on account of the proposed ad's atheist and humanist content, violating of the Free Speech Clause of the First Amendment.
“Governmental entities cannot discriminate among speakers on the basis of their viewpoint when operating a public forum they have opened for speech, such as public transit advertising space,” said Bill Burgess, attorney and legal coordinator of the American Humanist Association's legal arm, the Appignani Humanist Legal Center. “The government likewise cannot impose burdensome conditions on speech it deems ‘controversial,' as the transit authority did in this instance by insisting that the Coalition, unlike other advertisers, post a damage deposit because the authority said it feared the ads would be destroyed by vandals. The First Amendment does not permit a heckler's veto.”
The ad, which reads, “Are you good without God? Millions are,” was rejected by the Central Arkansas Transit Authority (CATA) and On the Move Advertising, Inc., despite the facts that CATA holds no clear policy on ad content, and has displayed religious and political themed advertisements in the past.
“Being visible is important for us,” said Fred Edwords, executive director for the United Coalition of Reason, “because atheists and agnostics in our society often don't know very many people of like mind. Furthermore, if traditionally religious people can be open about their views, why shouldn't we be open about ours?”
The United Coalition of Reason is a nonprofit national organization that helps local nontheistic groups work together to achieve higher visibility, gain more members, and have a greater impact in their local areas. This goal is achieved by assisting local groups in the “community of reason” to cooperate with each other.
“The government has no rightful role in determining whether speech that it disfavors should be heard,” concluded Burgess. “Freedom of speech is guaranteed to all Americans, secular and religious alike. We will not stand silent in the face of censorship motivated by religion.”
The Appignani Humanist Legal Center is a project of the American Humanist Association that provides legal assistance to defend the constitutional rights of secular Americans by challenging violations of the separation of church and state guaranteed by the Establishment Clause and seeking equal rights for humanists, atheists and other freethinkers.
##
The American Humanist Association (www.americanhumanist.org) advocates for the rights and viewpoints of humanists. Founded in 1941 and headquartered in Washington, D.C., its work is extended through more than 100 local chapters and affiliates across America.
Humanism is the idea that you can be good without a belief in God.
Syed Salahuddin a 'Specially Designated Global Terrorist' +
US's actions "mock" justice +
NEW DELHI: A miffed Pakistan has accused the US of "speaking India's language" and of "dual standards" on the issue of Kashmir , reported Pakistani media.Pakistan's comments come after two developments over Monday and Tuesday put it in an embarrassing spotlight.On Monday, the US state department named the Pakistan-backed Hizbul Mujahideen Kashmiri separatist. And an Indo-US joint statement - released after leaders Narendra Modi and Donald Trump met on Tuesday - sternly urged Islamabad "to ensure that its territory is not used to launch terrorist attacks on other countries"."It seems as though the blood of Kashmiris in not at all important to the US, and international laws relating to human rights do not apply to Kashmir," said Pakistan's interior minister Chaudhry Nisar on Tuesday, according to Dawn.Nisar said the"Ignoring the worst form of state terrorism does not only mock justice and international norms, but also exposes the dual standards of those upholding human and democratic rights," Nisar added, reported The Express Tribune.Pakistan, Nisar said, "would not compromise on the rights of Kashmiris" and will continue to support the Kashmiris' "cause"Earlier, Pakistan also slammed as "completely unjustified" the US naming Hizbul Mujahideen chief Salahuddin a "global terrorist"."The designation of individuals supporting the Kashmiri right to self-determination as terrorists is completely unjustified," a ministry spokesperson said in a statement without naming Salahuddin.Both the Indo-US joint statement and the US action on Salahuddin are being seen as a major diplomatic victory for India which has long accused Pakistan of backing terror in India and more specifically, in Kashmir.The joint statement issued by the US after the first meeting between Modi and Trump contained some strong words for Pakistan."The leaders called on Pakistan to ensure that its territory is not used to launch terrorist attacks on other countries. They further called on Pakistan to expeditiously bring to justice the perpetrators of the 26/11 Mumbai, Pathankot, and other cross-border terrorist attacks perpetrated by Pakistan-based groups," the statement said.Pakistan's foreign office was unhappy at being named in the statement."Pakistan has demonstrated a longstanding commitment of combating terrorism in all its forms and manifestations. The people and government of Pakistan have rendered immense sacrifices in both blood and treasure to end this scourge, which has been acknowledged by the international community," Pakistan's foreign office said.
The recent exposure of widespread sexual predation in the American media industry, from Harvey Weinstein to Bill O'Reilly, has elicited shock and sparked debate on violence against women in the United States.
Sexual harassment isn't the exclusive domain of show biz big shots. It remains alarmingly prevalent nationwide, even as other crimes are generally decreasing nationwide.
In the U.S., a 2006 study found that 27 percent of college women reported some form of forced sexual contact – ranging from kissing to anal intercourse – after enrolling in school. This sexual violence is heavily underreported, with just 20 percent of female student victims reporting the crime to law enforcement.
Nor is sexual harassment limited to the United States. The U.N. has called gender-based violence a “global pandemic.” As experts in emergency medicine and legal research at the Harvard Humanitarian Initiative, we believe it's important to acknowledge that this issue transcends national borders and class boundaries to touch the lives of roughly 33 percent of all women worldwide.
A world of trouble
According to World Health Organization estimates, one in three women worldwide will experience either physical or sexual violence in her lifetime, many of them before the age of 15.
In fact, for many rural women, their first sexual encounter will be a forced one. Some 17 percent of women in rural Tanzania, 21 percent in Ghana, 24 percent in Peru, 30 percent in Bangladesh and 40 percent in South Africa report that their first sexual experience was nonconsensual.
Intimate partner violence is also pervasive globally. In one World Health Organization study, 22 to 25 percent of women surveyed in cities in England, Mexico, Nicaragua, Peru and Zimbabwe reported that a boyfriend or husband had committed some form of sexual violence against them. Globally, up to 55 percent of women murdered are killed by their partners.
Violence against women takes many forms, ranging from psychological abuse to the kind of sexual predation, sexual assault and rape allegedly committed by Harvey Weinstein. Honor killings, physical attacks, female infanticide, genital cutting, trafficking, forced marriages and sexual harassment at work and school are also considered gender-based violence.
Rates range from country to country – from 15 percent in Japan to 71 percent in Ethiopia – but violence is, in effect, a ubiquitous female experience.
Sexual violence is committed at particularly high rates in crisis settings like war zones, refugee camps and disaster zones.
In these places, even humanitarian workers are not immune. Dyan Mazurana and her colleagues at Tufts University found that many female development-aid staffers in places such as South Sudan, Afghanistan and Haiti had experienced disturbing rates of sexual assault, often perpetrated by their own colleagues.
Explaining sexual violence
So what's driving this pervasive phenomenon? Research reveals that there are multiple causes of sexual violence, among them gender inequality and power differentials between men and women.
For example, sexual violence occurs more frequently in cultures where violence is widely accepted and where beliefs about family honor, sexual purity and male sexual entitlement are strongly held.
Even in many countries that rank well on gender equality, including in the United States, weak legal sanctions against perpetrators of sexual violence can encourage and effectively condone such behavior.
So can cultural acceptance. Weinstein's sexual predatory behavior was longstanding and well-known within the film industry, yet he was allowed to continue his abuse with impunity – until women began speaking up.
Likewise, Fox News renewed Bill O'Reilly's contract even after he and the company had made at least six multi-million-dollar settlements with women who filed sexual harassment claims against him. Awareness of a problem is one thing; taking action is quite another.
Men with lower educational levels, or who have been exposed to maltreatment or family violence as children, are more likely to commit sexual violence themselves.
That's because violence begets violence, a relationship that's abundantly clear in the kinds of conflict zones where we work. Mass rape has long been used as a weapon of war, and has been well-documented during conflicts in the Democratic Republic of the Congo, Colombia and South Sudan.
Among the most salient cases are the Rwandan and Bosnian genocides. According to the U.N.‘s High Commissioner for Refugees, up to 500,000 Rwandan women were systematically raped in 1994 as part of an ethnic cleansing strategy, while tens of thousands of Bosnian women and girls were systematically raped between 1992 and 1995.
Psychological trauma
Wherever and however it happens, violence against women and girls poses a major public health problem for women and their communities.
Some 42 percent of women who experience intimate partner violence reported an injury – including bruises, abrasions, cuts, punctures, broken bones and injuries to the ears and eyes – as a consequence of that abuse. Women who suffer violence are also 1.5 times more likely to have sexually transmitted diseases like HIV, syphilis, chlamydia and gonorrhea, twice as likely to experience depression and drinking problems and twice as likely to have an abortion.
Violence against women is also closely associated with suicide and self-harm.
If there's any silver lining to the Weinstein and O'Reilly scandals, it's that in coming out against these high-profile men, dozens of women have helped to highlight not just the prevalence of sexual violence in the United States but also the societal norms that silence women and allow abusers to go unchecked.
Humanitarian organizations from the World Health Organization to the U.N. to the U.S. Agency for International Development have recognized that gender-based violence is not just a women's issue. Addressing it requires working with men and boys, too, to counter the cultures of toxic masculinity that encourage or tolerate sexual violence.
After all, women's rights are human rights, so sexual violence is everyone's problem to solve.
The fact is, societies with high rates of sexual violence are also more likely to be violent and unstable. Research shows that the best predictor of a state's peacefulness is how well its women are treated.
Aphro-ism
Essays on Pop Culture, Feminism, and Black Veganism from Two Sisters Aph Ko and Syl Ko
In this lively, accessible, and provocative collection, Aph and Syl Ko provide new theoretical frameworks on race, advocacy for nonhuman animals, and feminism. Using popular culture as a point of reference for their critiques, the Ko sisters engage in groundbreaking analysis of the compartmentalized nature of contemporary social movements, present new ways of understanding interconnected oppressions, and offer conceptual ways of moving forward expressive of Afrofuturism and black veganism.“The bold wisdom of Syl and Aph Ko is timely and crucial. They help us re-think the concept of the ‘human' and the ‘animal,' calling on scholars and activists to truly understand taxonomies of power. Their feminist sensibilities encourage a deconstruction of Eurocentric understandings of race and species that changes the terms of debates about both.”—, author,is a triumph for anti-racist and animal rights activism! Aph and Syl have created a brilliant framework through which we can integrate all aspects of anti-oppression work. This book is a must-read for anyone interested in dismantling systems of oppression!”—, Open the Cages Alliance“Now, more than ever, is the time to engage in critical thinking and an honest consideration of what is. Reading the work of Aph Ko and her sister Syl within the pages ofwill build the perfect foundation needed for activists or anyone wanting to end the oppression of all, by not being the oppressor of one.”—, Olympian, activist, and vegan since birth“Aph and Syl Ko's work has deeply changed my views on activism for the animals. Every time, their work is eye-opening, revisiting the connections between animal liberation and human liberation in a way that is as much critical as constructive and inspiring.”—, Quebec-based activist, scholar, and bloggeris an important read for anyone who is interested in thinking critically and wants to help to not only challenge but change the current dynamic of race and animals in our society. Thanks to these brilliant women of color, I've gained a new understanding of systems of oppression and feel less alone in the fight for social justice.”—, Founder/Executive Director, Food Empowerment Project“The Ko sisters are miles ahead of even the most progressive thinkers, withestablishing a theoretical framework and #BlackVegansRock demonstrating its practicability. There's no better metaphor for the failures of white supremacist capitalism than mortar, since it is the white slime that holds stone together. When the mortar cracks the whole building falls apart. Aph and Syl Ko are the stone. Crack them a thousand times and they remain unbroken.”—, Producer,“Aph and Syl's anti-racist and anti-speciesist framework shifts the paradigm of nonhuman and human liberation.is a revolutionary tool for holistic anti-oppression work that can benefit both grassroots activists and academic scholars.”—, Cofounder, Collectively Free, and activist“Aph and Syl Ko are incredible activists and revolutionary thinkers who have influenced the way we approach animal rights and anti-racist activism.has taught us to view oppression and liberation through a much clearer lens.”—, Co-CEOs and Cofounders, The 300-Pound Vegan“Syl Ko provides a crucial perspective to the movements seeking to secure rights for humans and nonhumans alike. As she so eloquently demonstrates, we should not treat human beings like ‘animals' any more than we should treat animals like ‘animals.' Syl's scholarship challenges us to reassess the standing social order and work toward a more just world.”—, Founder and President, The Nonhuman Rights Projectis a groundbreaking suite of original essays on the entanglements of race, empire, gender, and species. In their analyses of human and animal oppression, Aph and Syl Ko deliver the trifecta: scholarship that is rigorous, accessible, and deeply important.”—, PhD“Aph and Syl's brilliant work is laying the groundwork for an exciting new millennial generation of deeply critical and compassionate thinkers, feminists, and activists.is helping countless young, hungry critical thinkers navigate through a world of ‘isms,' make sense of endless contradictions, and come out the other side as more well-equipped, effective, woke activists.”—, editor atmagazineis paradigm-shattering! Whether your social justice lens leans single-issue or multi-issue, these essays offer razor-sharp critiques of hierarchical foundations and systemic oppression, while also providing frameworks for broad-scale liberation. This book is a vital companion for anyone willing to challenge surface-level ‘connections' theories in exchange for deep, nuanced insights that have stratospheric potential for creating a more just world.”—, founder, A Well-Fed World“Aph and Syl Ko have opened my eyes and my mind to the connection between ethical veganism and anti-racism activism. They never fail to inspire and blow my mind with their critical analysis on race and animality.”—, vegan chef, Sweet Potato Soul“With, Aph and Syl Ko have added their profound and revolutionary voices to a tradition of critical thinking around liberation, veganism, animal rights, anti-racism, and feminism. This is a sumptuous and necessary read that deepens the conversation and, most importantly, offers another way forward.”—, MPH, author of
This article is over 2 years old
Venues report revenue drops and staff cutbacks, while Chaplain Watch says its volunteers are encountering ‘heavily wasted' drinkers earlier in the night
Fortitude Valley pubs and clubs are counting the cost of Queensland's new lockout and liquor laws.
Valley liquor accord's chairman, Nick Braban, has reported a costly revenue drop while patronage has suffered a major decrease since the laws came into effect on 1 July.
Patronage was down by a third on the same period in 2015, Braban said.
“The first weekend revenue was down by about 12% and it's flatlined since then,” he said.
Queensland lockout laws: millionaire offers to bankroll campaign to end them Read more
Casual workers have also been affected, losing as much as $90 a week with the loss of hours, he said.
Under the new laws licensed premises can only operate until 2am, unless they are within a designated safe night precinct, like Fortitude Valley, where the closing time is 3am.
There's also a ban on the sale and supply of rapid intoxication drinks after midnight.
Chaplain Watch founder Lance Mergard said his volunteers were being forced to deal with “heavily wasted” revellers at earlier hours than usual.
“It used to be around midnight when we would start getting really busy, but now it's as early as 9.30pm,” he said.
There had been no discernible increase or decrease in violence, according to Mergard.
Three first-year eligible nominees -- Alan Faneca, Brett Favre and Terrell Owens -- are among the 15 Modern-Era Finalists who will be considered for election to the Pro Football Hall of Fame when the Hall's Selection Committee meets in San Francisco on the day before Super Bowl 50 to elect the Class of 2016. Joining the first-year eligible nominees are ten other Modern-Era players and two coaches.
The 15 Modern-Era Finalists were determined by a vote of the Hall's Selection Committee from a list of 108 nominees that earlier was reduced to 25 semifinalists, during the multi-step, year-long selection process.
The 2016 Modern-Era Finalists with their positions, years and teams:
Morten Andersen, Kicker -- 1982-1994 New Orleans Saints, 1995-2000, 2006-07 Atlanta Falcons, 2001 New York Giants, 2002-03 Kansas City Chiefs, 2004 Minnesota Vikings
Steve Atwater, Safety -- 1989-1998 Denver Broncos, 1999 New York Jets
Don Coryell, Coach -- 1973-77 St. Louis Cardinals, 1978-1986 San Diego Chargers
Terrell Davis, Running Back -- 1995-2001 Denver Broncos
Tony Dungy, Coach -- 1996-2001 Tampa Bay Buccaneers, 2002-08 Indianapolis Colts
Alan Faneca, Guard -- 1998-2007 Pittsburgh Steelers, 2008-09 New York Jets, 2010 Arizona Cardinals
Brett Favre, Quarterback -- 1991 Atlanta Falcons, 1992-2007 Green Bay Packers, 2008 New York Jets, 2009-2010 Minnesota Vikings
Kevin Greene, Linebacker/Defensive End -- 1985-1992 Los Angeles Rams, 1993-95 Pittsburgh Steelers, 1996, 1998-99 Carolina Panthers, 1997 San Francisco 49ers
Marvin Harrison, Wide Receiver -- 1996-2008 Indianapolis Colts
Joe Jacoby, Tackle -- 1981-1993 Washington Redskins
Edgerrin James, Running Back -- 1999-2005 Indianapolis Colts, 2006-08 Arizona Cardinals, 2009 Seattle Seahawks
John Lynch, Free Safety -- 1993-2003 Tampa Bay Buccaneers, 2004-07 Denver Broncos
Terrell Owens, Wide Receiver -- 1996-2003 San Francisco 49ers, 2004-05 Philadelphia Eagles, 2006-08 Dallas Cowboys, 2009 Buffalo Bills, 2010 Cincinnati Bengals
Orlando Pace, Tackle -- 1997-2008 St. Louis Rams, 2009 Chicago Bears
Kurt Warner, Quarterback -- 1998-2003 St. Louis Rams, 2004 New York Giants, 2005-09 Arizona Cardinals
The 15 Modern-Era Finalists join three other finalists to comprise 18 finalists under consideration for the Pro Football Hall of Fame's Class of 2016.
Two Senior Finalists were announced in August 2015 by the Seniors Committee that reviews the qualifications of those players whose careers ended more than 25 years ago.
Ken Stabler, Quarterback -- 1970-1979 Oakland Raiders, 1980-1981 Houston Oilers, 1982-1984 New Orleans Saints
Dick Stanfel, Guard -- 1952-55 Detroit Lions, 1956-58 Washington Redskins
A Contributor Finalist announced in September was selected by the Hall of Fame's Contributor Committee that considers persons who made outstanding contributions to professional football other than players and coaches.
Edward DeBartolo, Jr., Owner -- 1977-2000 San Francisco 49ers
To be elected, a finalist must receive a minimum positive vote of 80 percent during annual selection meeting.
The Annual Pro Football Hall of Fame Selection Committee Meeting will be held on Saturday, February 6, 2016, in San Francisco when the 46-person Selection Committee meets to elect the Class of 2016.
The selectors will thoroughly discuss the careers of each finalist. Although there is no set number for any class of enshrinees, the Pro Football Hall of Fame's current ground rules stipulate that between four and eight new members will be selected each year. No more than five Modern-Era Finalists can be elected in a given year and thus a class of six, seven, or eight can only be achieved if the Contributor Finalist and/or one or both of the Senior Finalists are elected. Representatives of the accounting firm Deloitte & Touche will tabulate all votes during the meeting.
The Pro Football Hall of Fame's Class of 2016 will be announced during "NFL Honors," a two-hour primetime awards special to air nationally on the eve of the Super Bowl from 9-11 p.m. (ET and PT) on CBS. "NFL Honors" will be taped earlier that evening at the Bill Graham Civic Auditorium in San Francisco from 8-10 p.m. (ET) when the 2016 Hall of Fame Class will be introduced for the first time. In addition, the NFL and The Associated Press will announce their annual accolades in these awards show with the winners on hand to accept their awards.
Richard H. "Rick" Davis, Jr. (born 1957) is an American political consultant. He currently serves as a Partner and Chief Operating Officer of Pegasus Sustainable Century Merchant Bank, a private equity firm specializing in sustainable development projects. He is a managing partner of the business development and public affairs consulting firm Davis-Manafort, located in Alexandria, Virginia.[1] He is best known for being the National Campaign Manager of John McCain's 2008 Presidential campaign (from July 11, 2007 to November 4, 2008[2]). In that capacity, he oversaw the development and implementation of all campaign strategy and policy development. Davis also served McCain as National Campaign Manager for his 2000 Republican Presidential Primary campaign (April 6, 1999 to March 9, 2000).
Career [ edit ]
Born to a Navy family, Davis studied at the University of Alabama. After learning the campaign business in Alabama and Mississippi, he became national field director for the College Republican National Committee during Ronald Reagan's 1980 presidential bid.[1]
Davis served on President Ronald Reagan's White House staff from 1985 until March 1987 as a Principal Associate Director in the Office of Cabinet Affairs and Special Assistant to the President. As the Associate Director, his responsibilities included the coordination and development of US domestic policy in the White House. He oversaw all policy planning and decision-making for issues related to Environment and Energy.
During his tenure at the White House, Davis served as Principal Director of the Domestic Policy Council, in the Office of the Cabinet Secretary. As such he coordinated policies and projects, which included the President's Catastrophic Illness Bill, the Omnibus Health Bill of 1986, the Privatization of Conrail, the President's Space Commercialization Policy, the Rogers Commission, and the President's Competitiveness Package of 1987. Davis was also a member of a number of the interagency working groups including the Special Interagency Working Group on Space, the Health Policy Working Group and the Working Group on Environment.
In addition to his service in the White House, Davis held appointments in the Department of Health and Human Services, the Commerce Department, International Trade Administration, the Department of Interior and the Department of Housing and Urban Development.
In 1990, Davis served as Consultant to the White House Conference on Science and Economic Research Related to Global Climate Change. He managed agenda development and background research for the George H. W. Bush Administration. Over 20 countries participated in the first ever international conference hosted by a President dealing directly with climate change.
He left the Reagan White House to work with longtime lobbyist Paul Manafort, founding the lobbying firm Davis, Manafort. Between 1998 and 2008, the firm was paid at least $2.8 million for lobbying Congress,[3] promoting pro-Russian policies with regard to Ukraine.[4]
Davis serves on the Council on American Politics, which brings leaders from the forefront of today's political and communications arena together to address issues facing the growth and enrichment of GW's Graduate School of Political Management.[5]
Domestic political experience [ edit ]
1976 Chairman, Alabama College Republicans.
1979 Staff member, Republican National Committee.
1980 Regional Director, Commitment '80 Reagan/Bush Campaign.
1982 Campaign Manager, Paul Trible's successful US Senate campaign.
1984 National Convention Director, Reagan/Bush Re-Election Campaign.
1988 Presidential Debate Coordinator, Bush/Quayle 1988 Presidential Campaign.
1996 Deputy Campaign Manager, 1996 Presidential Campaign of Senator Bob Dole.
International political experience [ edit ]
In addition to political campaigns in the United States, Davis has extensive experience as an international political consultant in Asia, Europe and Latin America. Through his firm, Davis Manafort Inc., he has coordinated Presidential, Parliamentary, Gubernatorial and Referendum campaigns in over a dozen countries. His activities also include developing and implementing democracy building campaigns in foreign countries.
2000 Presidential campaign [ edit ]
Davis served as Manafort's deputy in orchestrating the 1996 Republican National Convention; both would later join Bob Dole's presidential team. While working for Dole, Davis told a reporter that he was "blown away" by McCain's unconventional politics. He joined McCain's first election bid in 1999, as campaign manager.[1][6]
Homeownership Alliance [ edit ]
In 2000, Davis became the head of a group called the Homeownership Alliance, a Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac advocacy group. Its website said that the organization was dedicated to "exposing and defeating trends that would harm consumer access to the lowest-cost mortgage option."[7] He was head of the group for five years, being paid more than $30,000 per month. At the end of 2005, Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac decided that Homeownership Alliance had outlived its usefulness, and it was closed.[8]
Reform Institute [ edit ]
When McCain started the Reform Institute in 2001 to promote campaign finance reform, he involved Davis.[9] In 2002, Davis was paid $120,000 as an institute consultant; in 2003, he was paid $110,000 in fees. In 2004 and 2005, when he was president of the non-profit institute, his salary totaled $165,000. Tax forms said he worked five hours a week or "as needed."[1]
2008 Presidential campaign [ edit ]
Role [ edit ]
In 2006, Davis helped plan McCain's next White House run, envisioning a corporate-style campaign modeled after President Bush's 2004 bid.[1] He began McCain's 2008 presidential election campaign as the chief executive. In July 2007, with the resignations of campaign manager Terry Nelson and chief strategist John Weaver, he took the position of Campaign Manager.[10] In July 2008, Steve Schmidt was brought in to take charge of day to day campaign activities, although Davis retained the title of campaign manager.[11][12]
Payments [ edit ]
In 2006,[10] Davis and Manafort formed the company 3eDC, an Internet firm,[13] which the McCain campaign selected to oversee the campaign's Web site and online fund raising. The company was paid $340,000 before the contract's cancellation in April 2007; in mid-June, the campaign reported that it still owed the company $721,000.[10][14] In all, the McCain campaign paid $971,860 to the company.[15] In June 2008, Campaign Money Watch, a 527 independent political group, filed a federal complaint that the company had improperly reduced the amount the campaign owed it by $107,000. [16] This complaint was found to have no cause and dismissed by the FEC in June 2009. [17]
In April 2008, after McCain became the presumptive Republican nominee, 3eDC was paid $20,000 by the Republican National Committee (RNC). In June 2008, the RNC and 3eDC were negotiating a larger contract that could be worth $2 million or $3 million.[14] FEC expenditure reports for the RNC and the McCain campaign show that this never materialized.
Controversies [ edit ]
Payments from Freddie Mac and Fannie Mae [ edit ]
On September 21, 2008, the New York Times reported that during the period from 2000 to 2002 (while Franklin Raines was the CEO of Fannie Mae), Davis received nearly $2 million from Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac for consulting services. According to Robert McCarson, a former spokesman for Fannie Mae, "the value that he [Davis] brought to the relationship was the closeness to Senator McCain and the possibility that Senator McCain was going to run for president again." McCarson also claims that "while he worked [at Fannie Mae] from 2000 to 2002, Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac together paid Mr. Davis's firm $35,000 a month.".[8]
Three days later, the New York Times reported that Davis' firm, Davis Manafort, had been paid $15,000 per month by Freddie Mac, for "consulting", from the end of 2005, when Davis stopped being head of the Homeownership Alliance, until August 2008. Payments stopped when Freddie Mac was taken over by the federal government. The Times said that "Davis took a leave from Davis Manafort for the presidential campaign, but as an equity holder continues to benefit from its income."[18]
The McCain campaign responded on September 24 with a statement that Davis had separated from Davis Manafort in 2006, and that "As has been previously reported, Mr. Davis has seen no income from Davis Manafort since 2006. Zero. Mr. Davis has received no salary or compensation since 2006. Mr. Davis has received no profit or partner distributions from that firm on any basis – weekly, bi-weekly, monthly, bi-monthly, quarterly, semi-annual or annual – since 2006. Again, zero. Neither has Mr. Davis received any equity in the firm based on profits derived since his financial separation from Davis Manafort in 2006."[19] On September 28, Newsweek reported that Davis had joined the campaign in January 2007, not in 2006, and that he specified that his $20,000-a-month salary be paid directly to Davis Manafort.[15]
The Times reported that "No one at Davis Manafort other than Mr. Davis was involved in efforts on Freddie Mac's behalf, the people familiar with the arrangement said."[18] Newsweek reported that during the period of the payments, Freddie Mac had no contact with Davis Manafort other than receiving monthly invoices from the firm and paying them.[20] The only thing that Freddie Mac officials could recall Davis doing for the company, the Times said, was speaking at an October 2006 forum attended by midlevel and senior executives who contributed to Freddie PAC, the company's political action committee.[18]
Involvement with Oleg Deripaska [ edit ]
In 2005, Davis and his business partner, political consultant Paul J. Manafort, pitched a plan to Russian aluminum magnate Oleg Deripaska under which they would influence news coverage, business dealings, and politics in the former Soviet Union, Europe, and the United States "to benefit President Vladimir Putin's government." They eventually signed a $10 million contract that started in 2006, and maintained a business relationship until at least 2009.[21]
In January 2006, Davis arranged a meeting between McCain, Senator Saxby Chambliss, Senator John Sununu, and Deripaska at a private apartment near Davos, Switzerland, during the World Economic Forum. Deripaska's suspected links to anti-democratic and organized crime figures are so controversial that the U.S. government revoked his entry visa in 2006.[22]
Later that month, Deripaska wrote to Davis and Manafort to thank them for arranging the meeting. "Thank you so much for setting up everything in Klosters so spectacularly," he wrote. "It was very interesting to meet Senators McCain, Chambliss and Sununu in such an intimate setting."[22]
Davis, McCain, and Deripaska dined together with others at a restaurant in Montenegro in August 2008. Davis had been assisting the ruling party with their successful independence campaign, which was bankrolled by Deripaska, the largest employer in Montenegro. McCain was visiting the country as part of an official Senate trip. After the dinner, a group including Davis and McCain traveled to a nearby yacht on the Adriatic Sea for a party celebrating McCain's 70th birthday.[22][23]
DHL [ edit ]
In 2003, Davis and his lobbying firm were hired by German logistic company DHL and Airborne Express, to lobby Congress to approve a merger between the two firms. DHL Holdings was eventually successful in acquiring Airborne Express.[1][24]
McCain and Davis have come under attack by the AFL-CIO for facilitating the deal, as DHL is now planning to quit using the Wilmington, Ohio freight airport as a hub. The airport and package-sorting facility in Wilmington was previously owned by Airborne Express. The move by DHL would cost an estimated 8,000 jobs at the Wilmington air park.[25][26] At the time of the merger, the deal created an estimated 1,000 jobs for the Wilmington area.[26]
Fictional portrayals [ edit ]
Davis was portrayed by Peter MacNicol in the 2012 HBO film Game Change.
See also [ edit ]
The second annual Craft Brew at the Zoo is tapping into the kidults (that's kid-adult, folks) in all of us tomorrow evening at the Columbus Zoo with 50 craft brews, live music, food and some big-pawed party goers.
The VIP experience is sold out but general admission tickets will be on sale through tomorrow for online purchase or at the gates for $30. This includes a 10 oz. tasting glass, 6 beer samples, access to food trucks and admission to the Zoo starting at 9am. Additional tastes can be purchased at the event.
Music for the evening includes local favorites The Wet Darlings and The Pretty Filth with Grammy-nominated rock band The Spin Doctors headlining at 9:15pm. Bonus points if you can get the cheetahs to join you in howling “Little Miss Can't Be Wrong” at the moon. A number of food trucks will be onsite including Land Yacht BBQ, Mojo Tago, Yabo's Tacos and Schmidt's.
The early birds who snagged tickets to the VIP experience will have access to additional food vendors and specialty brews including the Backstage Blonde from Four String, Hop Hash from SweetWater, a coconut Bodhi from CBC and an American Wile Ale with peaches and salted Belgian chocolate stout from New Belgium.
And here's the general admission beer list:
New Belgium Fat Tire
New Belgium Ranger IPA
New Belgium Slow Ride
New Belgium Rampant
New Belgium Snapshot Wheat
New Belgium Long Table
Columbus Brewing IPA
Columbus Brewing Summer Teeth
Columbus Brewing Lucy
SweetWater 420
SweetWater IPA
SweetWater Blue
Crispin Original Cider
Blue Moon Belgium White
Long Trail Limbo
Long Trail Mostly Cloudy
Oskar Blues Dales pale ale
Oskar Blues Pinner
Oskar Blues Mammas little yellow pills
Four String Brass knuckle
Four String Payback pilsner
Four String Suncaster Wheat
Craft Brew at the Zoo takes place from 7-11pm tomorrow, Friday August 21. Tickets can be purchased online or in person through Friday. Sober driver tickets are $15.
br> br>
full disclosure: Superior Beverage, which distributes all of the beer for this event, is a client
686 SHARES Share Tweet
It has been hard to miss the growing media coverage of the Zika virus. With a possible link between the infection of pregnant women and birth deformities, much of the attention has turned to women's reproductive rights — and rightly so. But, as with most reporting on issues of contraception and abortion, a discussion of the social realities of heterosexual sex is absent.
A potential, causal connection between Zika and children born with microcephaly has led authorities in a number of affected countries to recommend that women “delay pregnancy” for between six months and two years. As a number of commentators, academics, and women's rights advocates have pointed out, this advice is practically nonsensical in localities where contraception can be difficult to obtain and, currently, more than half of all pregnancies are “unplanned.”
The critical coverage of the “pregnancy delay” directives has mostly focused on nations such as El Salvador: a predominantly Catholic country, where state laws forbid abortion, and less than 10 per cent of the population uses temporary forms of birth control like condoms and the contraceptive pill.
Such a scenario clearly puts women in an invidious position. In reading any number of these reports, however, it would be easy to think that women magically become pregnant. The message wasn't relayed as: “Men! Keep it in your pants!” or “Men! Always wear a condom!” The message came across as more: “Women! Don't get yourselves pregnant!” It shouldn't need to be said, but men are part of this equation too.
To be clear, I am not about to jump off a “what about the men?” cliff, here. Rather, my point is that the power relations of heterosexuality and, in particular, men's assumed entitlement to engage in penetrative, procreative sex with female partners, is the missing background to these discussions. Contraception and access to abortion are just the tip of the iceberg.
Reflecting on the Zika reports reminded me of a useful list that Sheila Jeffreys was often fond of drawing up in her Sexual Politics classes as a way of exposing the superficiality of arguments around “choice” and abortion. She would write up a version of the following:
1) Choose to be sexual or not.
2) If yes, choose to have sex with another person, or not.
3) If yes, choose to have same-sex or opposite-sex sexual relations.
4) If opposite sex, choose whether or not to have coitus.
5) If yes, choose affordable, accessible and safe contraception, or not.
6) If no, or if contraception fails, choose an abortion, or not.
Her point was, that if the options from 1-5 cannot also be freely chosen then there is little point in considering abortion simply as a “choice.” The problem goes beyond the more obvious end of reproductive rights and back to women's sexual autonomy.
And the lack of women's sexual autonomy is all too evident. What if, instead of the threat of unwanted pregnancy under the cloud of the Zika virus, we thought about what it would be like if women had to negotiate the risk of contracting a potentially life-threatening illness through coitus?
Oh right, we already did that. During the height of public health campaigns around HIV/AIDS in the 1980s. The Women Risk and AIDS Project (WRAP) in the UK, for instance, was labelled “the most comprehensive British research yet on the workings of male power in heterosexual relations,” by Stevi Jackson, and it was pretty damning.
One of the most powerful pieces of work that came out of the WRAP was The Male in the Head: Young people, heterosexuality and power. (The introduction is available to read for free online.) The title comes from the authors' delineation between “the surveillance power of male-dominated and institutionalized heterosexuality”, as represented by the “male-in-the-head”, and the “man-in-the-bed of everyday experience.”
At one point, the researchers note their initial belief that they would find opposing forces of masculinity and femininity colliding in young people's negotiations of heterosexual “safe sex.” Instead, they conclude:
“Heterosexuality is not, as it appears to be, masculinity-and-femininity in opposition: it is masculinity. Within this masculine heterosexuality, women's desires and the possibility of female resistance are potentially unruly forces to be disciplined and controlled, if necessary by violence.”
Add to this that “real sex” in the context of heterosexuality is seen as penetrative, procreative sex: coitus. Indeed, sex is equated with coitus to such an extent that “sex” is simply taken to mean coitus in day-to-day conversation. If you need further evidence that this is a construction of male power, it's worth considering that, while the concept of coitus requires male orgasm, more than two thirds of women do not orgasm regularly during penetrative, procreative sex, and many never expect to.
But this is not just an issue of equality as measured by number of orgasms. Notions of acceptable heterosexual desire and pleasure are intimately linked to the material realities of risk, whether that be risk of pregnancy, risk of STI transmission, or risk of physical and emotional harm. As The Male in the Head lays bare, the institution of heterosexuality is founded on male power, male sexual pleasure and female risk. It is these circumstances which help to explain why knowledge of, and access to, condoms (and various forms of contraception) are not always decisive factors in determining their use:
“Dissemination of knowledge on safer sex clearly did not ensure that young people would put what they knew into practice or think that it concerned them. Accounts of their sexual relations were shaped by the definition of ‘proper sex' as penetrative vaginal intercourse that starts when the man is aroused and stops after his orgasm — making her orgasm his production — a notion of sex that privileges male needs and desires in a sexual division of labour in which he is the sexual actor while she is acted upon. The dominant discourse of femininity… through which these young women made sense of their sexual selves stood in direct contradiction to their sexual safety.”
And so it is now, with Zika. Contraception will only be — at best — a band-aid solution if men's sexual entitlement goes unchallenged. Women's sexual and reproductive safety requires women's sexual autonomy.
Meagan Tyler is a Vice Chancellor's Research Fellow at RMIT University in Melbourne, Australia and an internationally recognized scholar in the field of gender and sexuality studies. She is the author of “Selling Sex Short: The pornographic and sexological construction of women's sexuality in the West” and an editor of Freedom Fallacy: The Limits of Liberal Feminism.
686 SHARES Share Tweet
Meagan Tyler Dr Meagan Tyler is a Senior Lecturer at RMIT University in Melbourne, Australia and is the public officer of the Coalition Against Trafficking in Women Australia. Meagan is the author of "Selling Sex Short: The sexological and pornographic construction of women's sexuality in the West" and co-editor of "Freedom Fallacy: The limits of liberal feminism."
I have previously written repeatedly that Donald Trump is London City´s, i.e. Rothschild´s antithesis – and that in any case the winner of the US election always is… Rothschild.
As shown below by Global Research, Goldman Sachs -and thus Jacob Rothschild – has totally conquered Donald Trump – as well as Obama and Hillary Clinton – just as Rothschild has conquered e.g. Denmark and former EU Commission President, José Barroso.
Wall Street on Parade 9 Jan. 2017: During his political campaign, Donald Trump repeatedly railed against Wall Street with a specific focus on Goldman Sachs. “It's a global power structure that is responsible for the economic decisions that have robbed our working class, stripped our country of its wealth, and put that money into the pockets of a handful of large corporations and political entities. I will change that”
Trump's non-stop nominations and appointments of Goldman Sachs alumni have left his supporters stunned.
1) Steven Mnuchin, a 17-year veteran of Goldman Sachs to be his Treasury Secretary.
2) Stephen Bannon, another former Goldman Sachs banker, Chief Strategist in the White House.
3) The sitting President of Goldman Sachs, Gary Cohn, Director of the National Economic Council, which, according to its website, coordinates “policy-making for domestic and international economic issues.
4) Goldman Sachs outside lawyer, Jay Clayton as Wall Street's top cop as Chairman of the Securities and Exchange Commission. Clayton's wife currently works as a Vice President at Goldman Sachs.
5) Alexander Blankfein, the oldest son of Goldman Sachs' CEO Lloyd Blankfein had been Joshua Kushner's (brother of Trump´s Jewish son-in-law) roommate at Harvard according to the New York Times.
6) Dina Powell, President of the Goldman Sachs Foundation, is Ivanka Trump's “top adviser on policy and staffing.
7) Erin Walsh: Since 2010 Executive Director and head of its Office of Corporate Engagement for Asia Pacific…Now part of Trump's transition landing team for the State Department (Jon Rappoport Activist Post 12 Jan. 2017).
8) Former Goldman Sachs banker, Anthony Scaramucci. Now on Trump's transition team (Jon Rappoport Activist Post 12 Jan. 2017)
S o, no wonder that the Goldman Sachs shares went up by 32% after Trump´s victory!!
GOLDMAN SACHS IS AN UNSCRUPULOUS, IMMORAL NWO ROBBER – ONLY SURPASSED BY ROTHSCHILD´S CENTRAL BANKS
It is the largest and most ruthless of of Rothschild´s investment banks.
Texe Marrs predictions and Rothschild´s Goldman´s horrible merits:
T here is more to come. Much more. These criminal beasts are only beginning . For one thing, there is the oil in Iran that they lust for, and the Big Brother Police State they're determined to build, to fence in the few remaining resisters to their New World Order of the Ages (NOVUS ORDO SECLORUM -seee the 1 dollar note). Never in the annals of human history has there been a sinister juggernaut like the Money Power of Rothschild's Goldman Sachs.
Will Rothschild's Goldman Sachs succeed in its goals of re-inventing the planet and molding its people into cookie-cutter components of its planned “Brave New World?” Seemingly, it will do so, and as a result the U.S. Constitution and all our cherished rights and liberties—not to mention our meager finances and individually owned property rights—will evaporate.
Once, when asked about Goldman Sachs' incredibly lucrative and yet highly controversial actions in stirring the pot of global finance, Mr. Blankfein stunningly retorted, “I'm doing God's work.”
Indeed, he is doing “God's Work;” that is, if we agree with the famed nineteenth century German Jewish writer and philosopher Heinrich Heine, who wryly observed, “Money is the god of the Jews, and Rothschild is his prophet.”
T he official records of ownership show that, while much of Goldman Sachs stock is owned by the public, a controlling share is in private hands, held by a consortium, or pool, of just 221 persons. The chief owner, however, is Lord Jacob Rothschild (left), and he and other Rothschild family members dominate the consortium which reigns over the planet's most gigantic and powerful force, that of the Money Power. Goldman Sachs is its nucleus and tornadic eye and center.
Forget about the CFR, the TLC, the Bohemian Grove, and all the other secret societies and conspiratorial combines. They are like play putty in the palm of Goldman Sachs hand. And do not make the mistake of thinking that the politicians from Washington, D.C., London, Paris, Beijing, Tokyo, or Rome who make the daily news are anything other than minions and stooges for this corrupt and diabolical Money Power that sits affront the harbor of New York City and has operations in virtually every nation on earth.
See my post on how Goldman Sachs placed its director Mario Draghi as the CEO of the ECB – even its directors Papademos and Mario Monti as PMs in Greece and Italy for a period of time.
In his video documentary, “Rothschild's Choice: Barack Obama and the Hidden Cabal Behind the Plot to Murder America”, Texe Marrs reveals that Goldman Sachs is the chief instrument that Rothschild is using today to establish totalitarian control over global finances. (I would say, it is Rothschild´s central banks).
https://youtu.be/Tw84Wi9XXfY
Rothschild has both Barack Obama, John McCain and Hillary Clinton in his stable of faithful servants, and it is Obama he chose to sit in the Oval Office and preside over America's dissolution and restructuring.
These crimes should have brought Goldman Sachs and its owners behind bars long ago
I: O n 11 Febr. 2011, I wrote about Goldman being the main cause of hunger in the world/the black horse of Apocalypse – based on Ellen brown´s shocking analysis: 1) Goldman had … the idea of the Commodity Index Fund was born: Instead of buy or sell orders, they simply began a. to buy, buy, buy wheat and to prolong futures into new futures. They accumulated this unprecedented mountain of long futures for wheat. This accumulation led to b. a “demand shock” in the markets which drove prices up. Hard Red wheat is normally traded at 3 to 6 dollars per bushel. The price rose to 25 dollars a bushel … Paradoxically, 2008 was the year with the biggest wheat harvest in history …
2). The other monstrosity is…”Replication” … Let's suppose, you wished me to invest for you at the wheat market. You give me 100 dollars into my hand … I would be to invest these 100 dollars in the wheat market. But it is sufficient if I invest $ 5 … With these five dollars I can hold a 100-dollar position. So now I still have 95 of your dollars … Goldman and all the other banks have invested hundreds of billions of dollars in very conservative investments … and now that they have for hundreds of billions of T-Bills, they can invest them into trillions of dollars … Then they take this trillion of dollars, they pass on to their day traders and tell them: ‘Come on, guys. Make it the most lucrative business. So, while billions of people are
starving, they are using the money to generate billions of dollars for their own accounts.”
R ight: Goldman Sachs CEO Lloyd Blankfein: Just as unscrupulous as his master, Jacob Rothschild of the London City.
II: Former Goldman Chairman and EU Commissioner, Peter Sutherland, strongly advocates the one world government without borders – and says the EU´task is to undermine national sovereignty.
III: Former Goldman director Greg Smith wrote an article in the New York Times about an immoral unscrupulous culture in Goldman: It simply was all about fleecing the clients!
IV: On 24 Aug. 2016, I wrote: China's AIIB bank and BRIC and its international investment bank – in cooperation with Rothschild´s IMF are already at war with the petrodollar!! The BRIC is finished. And why? Rothschilds — Goldman Sachs has pulled the plug on the BRIC Fund!! It was not paying.
And it means a lot: Rothschilds Goldman Sachs started BRIC for Rothschild power and profit. Now Rothschild has sucked the wealth out of Brazil and Russia, for example – and leaves the countries on their own – and that means looting by Rothschild´s IMF and GEF!
V: Founded in 1869, its Ponzi scheme shenanigans helped bring about the Stock Market Crash of 1929.
VI: Thanks to Goldman Sachs' “privatization” scam, former KGB and Communist Party bigwigs—Jews, naturally—ended up with almost all the vast property holdings of the Kremlin. These Jewish oligarchs remain in control of Russia and the dissolved Empire's most prized assets, including its valuable oil and gold reserves.
Comment. Goldman Sachs also has Putin in its claws: Upon restructuring the Yukos oil company following the arrest of Khodorkovsky, Vladmir Putin could then go to Goldman Sachs, who would gladly orchestrate the largest underwriting of “stolen goods” (stolen by Khodorkovsky from the Russian people) and fraud the world has ever seen.
Just last winter (2013), Goldman Sachs renewed its relationship with Putin by signing a three-year agreement with Russia's Economy Ministry and the Russian Direct Investment Fund. During that time, Goldman Sachs will be paid $500,000 to help Putin attract foreign investors.
VII: Goldman governs Obama´s government as well as that of George W. Bush: Tim Geithner was Obama´s Secr. of the Treasury, commanded by Goldman, just like Stephen Friedman, CEO of the New York Fed Henry Paulson was Blankfein´s predecessor with Goldman and enforced bail-outs of 700 bn dollars to Rothschild´s Wall Street and other banks – to cover their speculation losses. . President Bill Clinton was answerable to a Goldman Sachs overseer. His Secretary of the Treasury was Robert Rubin, a former Goldman Sachs executive.
VIII: More recently, it came out that the Euro currency's near collapse was caused by the fact that Goldman Sachs had first sold to the corrupt Greek government billions in worthless derivatives (called CDOs or credit swaps) for governmental income sources. Then, taking the other side, Goldman sold the same derivative holdings short. The firm thus made money both ways, while the people of Greece are now devastated.
IX: The raging financial crash (2008) and credit crisis: The mortgage and real estate meltdown came about after Goldman Sachs had marketed trillions of dollars of these worthless, ponzi-scheme investments around the world
X: To further drive America and the whole world into financial destitution and despair, Goldman Sachs and a partner firm, Morgan Stanley, manipulated the price of oil futures, rocketing that key industry commodity to unequalled heights of $147 per barrel.
Comment
Everything remains the same: The London City rules Trump and the world and with its Hegelian dialectics, it steers towards its dictatorial one-world governance: They have now made Trump a new thesis, and there are yet another couples of antitheses for the big game: Mason Putin who is also under London City control (Rothschilds Russian Central Bank and Rothschilds Goldman Sachs) – as well as China, whose banks are also under Rothschild control – see the AIIB. China's new development bank, the AIIB is seeking cooperation with Rothschild's World Bank and the IMF – and is welcomed.
London City's plan is opaque – but ultimately it seems to be about dismantling all national currencies – in favor of its IMF one-world central bank.
But why does Trump suddenly put himself under Goldman Sachs control?
Jon Rappoport Activist Post 12 Jan. 2017: “Then there is
“Some of the Trump debt held by Wall Street firms includes Donald Trump's personal guarantee in the event of a default. The true owners of other Trump debt are shielded behind secretive Limited Liability Corporations…”
1) If Trump is in trouble with those loans, if he's in danger of not being able to make his payments, then that fact could form the basis of a Goldman Sachs deal. Trump gets loan protection, Goldman gets a number of influential (and self-serving) seats at the big table in Trump's administration. (I.e.. the USA (andthus the world) will be governed by Goldman Sachs, which means Jacob Rothschild).
2) Loans for New Deal: Insurance for enormous public debt.
Has he decided he must have Goldman on his side, if he's going to make economic progress—that, because of their power, there is no way around them?
Or is Goldman playing along and working Trump and outflanking him?
Image caption A police car responding to an emergency call collided with Nani's Bentley
A Manchester United footballer's vehicle has been involved in a collision with a police car.
Greater Manchester Police said a police driver had been suspended after a car crash involving the winger Nani.
Police said an unmarked police car responding to an emergency call was travelling along Gatley Road in Gatley, Stockport at about 18:40 GMT on Friday.
It collided with the 26-year-old player's Bentley Continental as the police car entered Kingsway junction.
Officers said a passenger in the police car received minor injuries and minor damage was caused to both vehicles.
A police spokesman said: "The police driver has been suspended from driving duties in line with normal procedure."
Portuguese footballer Luis Carlos Almeida da Cunha is commonly known as Nani.
Polish mother of terror victim: “Merkel has my son's blood on her hands.”
Janina Urban, mother of the murdered truck driver during Berlin's terror attack, has heavily criticised German Chancellor Angela Merkel.
Mrs. Urban's son, Lukasz, was murdered when terrorist Anis Amri hijacked his trucked for an attack on Berlin's Christmas market last year.
One year after, Angela Merkel met with the families of the people killed in the attack. But the mother of the murdered truck driver refused to meet with Merkel and demands an apology. Before the potential meeting Mrs. Urban said:
“I'd like to get some personal signal [from Merkel], at least some private letter with condolences. The Polish president came to my son's funeral. I'm going to tell her that she has blood on her hands.”
Mrs. Urban was joined by her husband Henryk Urban who declared the German government as “disrespectful”.
The family is also unsatisfied with the monument that has been placed at the location of the attack. Łukasz Urban's father who also lost another son 10 years ago said:
“No one ever apologised to us. “What kind of symbol is it supposed to be, a surname on the stairs?!”, he said.
By Olga
LOS ANGELES (Reuters) - A California woman was arrested on Wednesday for plotting to kidnap two babies, including one found dead in a dumpster, and attacking their mothers in a bizarre scheme to fool her boyfriend into thinking she birthed their twins, police said.
Giseleangelique Rene D'Milian, 47, was arrested in Corona and was being held without bail on charges of murder, kidnapping, attempted murder and conspiracy.
“We've never seen anything like this where somebody goes out looking for babies to kidnap and they attempt to kill the mothers,” Long Beach Police Chief Robert Luna told a news conference. “These people are just evil in nature.”
Three other people were also arrested, including D'Milian's actual daughter, police said.
According to police, D'Milian lied to her married boyfriend that she had given birth to his twins in December while he was out of the country, then schemed with a man identified as Anthony Ray McCall, 29, to kidnap children matching their purported ages.
On Jan. 3, D'Milian and McCall drove separate vehicles following a bus carrying 3-week-old Eliza Delacruz and her mother in Long Beach, police said.
McCall then forced his way into the Delacruz home, shot three adults, and along with D'Milian kidnapped the baby, whose body was found the next day 100 miles to the south in Imperial Beach, police said. Why the baby was killed remained unknown.
Detectives linked the case with one in El Segundo, where a 23-year-old woman was severely beaten with a baseball bat inside a hotel room on Feb. 6. Inside the room was the victim's 4-month-old son, who was not harmed, police said.
McCall was identified as the attacker, while D'Milian knew the victim and was aware she had a child, according to police.
McCall was being held without bail for investigation of murder, kidnapping, attempted murder and conspiracy.
D'Milian's daughter, 29-year-old Charisse Nicole Shelton, was arrested on charges of being an accessory after the fact, along with 43-year-old Todd Damon Boudreaux.
They are set to be arraigned on Friday. It was not immediately known whether they had attorneys.
Blue Scholars is an American hip hop duo based in Seattle, Washington, created in 2002 while the members, DJ Sabzi (Saba Mohajerjasbi) and MC Geologic (George Quibuyen), were students at University of Washington.
The name "Blue Scholars" is a play on the term "blue collar," an idiom for workers who often earn hourly wages for manual labor. Their music and lyrics frequently focus on struggles between socioeconomic classes, challenging authority and youth empowerment. These themes are often specifically addressed in relation to the Seattle region ("Southside Revival", "North by Northwest", "50 Thousand Deep", "Joe Metro", "Slick Watts" and "The Ave"), and heavily draw upon Geologic's history as an activist within the Filipino American community dealing with issues of immigration, racism, and U.S. imperialism in the Philippines. Recent music has begun to extend even further outward, reflecting the group's greater West Coast and Pacific roots including an album devoted to exploring Geo's Hawaiian heritage on the OOF! EP.[1][2]
History [ edit ]
Since 2002, Blue Scholars have been based in southeast Seattle. The hip hop group first came to be in 2002 because, "two students skipped a class, went and crafted an album", as it says in the track Bayani. The two students, George Quibuyen and Alexei Saba Mohajerjasbi, were attending the University of Washington at the time. The two met at a meeting for S.H.O.W. (the Student HipHop Organization of Washington) which was organized by classmate and future manager Marc Matsui.[3] The organization had set out to revive an authentic interest in hip hop within Seattle which, at the time, had become a solely rock town. This was a result of a series of incidents including a shooting at an Ice Cube concert in the early 1990s as well as the Teen Dance Ordinance. George and Alexei soon joined forces and formed their own duo that utilized Geo's raps and Sabzi's beats and became known as the Blue Scholars.
Since then the duo has performed in over 400 shows together across the United States including the Sasquatch! Music Festival in 2005, 2006, and 2008, and Bumbershoot opening for Kanye West in 2006. They have opened for and shared stages with such artists as De La Soul, Slick Rick, Wordsworth, Kanye West, Hieroglyphics, Immortal Technique, The Coup and Masta Ace.[4][5] In 2006, the Blue Scholars received top honors in the hip hop category of the Seattle Weekly's Music Awards Poll, and were also the top vote-getters overall; in earlier years, they had been recognized in the categories of Best Hip-hop Artist, Best Local Single, and Best Album.[6][7][8][9]
Over the years the duo has continued to use their music as a tool for social change and DIY activism. Since those formative years in S.H.O.W. at the University of Washington, Geo has continued to promote youth empowerment and support for political groups that include, but are not limited to, BAYAN-USA, isangmahal arts kollective, and Youth Speaks Hawaii.[10] In 2007, Geologic, representing Blue Scholars, went on tour with Hip Hop artist, Kiwi, to promote the Stop the Killings Tour to bring awareness to the deaths of regular people in the Philippines.[11]
Members [ edit ]
Geologic [ edit ]
Geologic (born George Quibuyen; also known as Prometheus Brown, Geo) is the vocalist for the Blue Scholars and has also performed as a spoken word poet. In the 2007–08 citywide election for Seattle's Poet Populist, Quibuyen placed sixth with ninety-six write-in votes, the highest total for a write-in candidate in the nine-year history of the competition;[12] although, the record was subsequently broken by Seattle poet Ananda Osel in the 2008-2009 election.[13]
The son of Filipino immigrants, Quibuyen lived in various locations along the west coast and Hawaii as a child until his family settled in Bremerton, Washington. Geo feels rooted in his Filipino heritage and that there is an unfinished revolution among his people.[14] His lyrics are drawn from experience, crafted for a connection to community, and working to uplift communities in general.[15] He remains a strong advocate for the Filipino community all over the world, as an outspoken critic of US foreign policy, including its tough immigration laws and unfair corporate practices by Western business.
In 2011, Prometheus Brown released the album "Prometheus Brown and Bambu Walk Into A Bar" with Los Angeles rapper Bambu.[16] In 2014, they released a second album, titled "Barkada".[17]
Geo's side project includes Hood Famous Bakery in Seattle.
Sabzi [ edit ]
Sabzi of Blue Scholars.
Sabzi (born Alexei Saba Mohajerjasbi; also known as Saba) is of Iranian American heritage and is a jazz-trained pianist. He holds a background in punk and ska before he turned to beats and turntables with the Blue Scholars.[4] A Seattle area native himself, Sabzi is rooted in his own Iranian culture and practices Bahá'í Faith which is grounded in diversity, economic conservation, and other social justice practices.[18] Their album Bayani contains a Bahá'í prayer chanted by Behnam Khoshkhoo as the first track. Similar to Geo, Sabzi believes in organizing communities together in order to create change. He is inspired by the youth that he works with in high school and college workshops as well as the community and finds their thoughts and opinions on music and society today to be one of the most influential factors in his music.
Record label [ edit ]
Opting to create their own record label rather than sign with an existing company, Blue Scholars members Geologic and Sabzi, along with MCs RA Scion of Common Market and Gabriel Teodros, launched MassLine Media in 2006.[19] The label's mission statement includes the goal of using hip hop as a means of grassroots community organizing and youth outreach. MassLine entered a joint venture with legendary[peacock term] hip hop label Rawkus Records in 2007 for the June 12, 2007 release of their new album Bayani; the name derives its meaning from two different languages. In Tagalog it literally means "heroes of the people" and in Persian "Bayan" means "the Word." The June 12 release also commemorated the anniversary of the Philippine Declaration of Independence from Spain in 1898. In July, 2009, Blue Scholars worked out a distribution relationship with Seattle coffee chain Cafe Vita and a record deal with Duck Down Records in which the label signed to the band.[20]
On March 6, 2011, the Blue Scholars made a further move away from the traditional music label structure, beginning a campaign of "signing to the people" where fans, supporters, and listeners will be the primary financial capital for their new record, Cinemetropolis. The project had already been more than 150% funded by over 1400 backers via Kickstarter just ten days after beginning. On April 22, the Kickstarter campaign ended making the Blue Scholars the first hip-hop artists to "Sign to the People." In total, the campaign raised $62,391 with the help of 2243 backers each pitching in an average of roughly $28.[21]
Future [ edit ]
The Blue Scholars plan on continuing to make music that empowers the youth and communities of Seattle, the West Coast, the United States, and eventually the world. They continue to experiment with different multi-media elements in their music and transcend what is considered "traditional" in the hip hop world.[22]
frontman Geo hopes to appeal to a culturally diverse audience. As the son of Filipino immigrants, he says he hopes to see more Filipino and Asian fans as well as more people of color in general at their shows.[14]
On November 30, 2019 the Blue Scholars will have a WTO 20th Anniversary show at the famed Showbox in Seattle. This will coincide with the release of their new album that is rumored to be titled “Revolution”.
Popular culture [ edit ]
In Valve Corporation's games Half-Life 2 and in Half-Life 2: Episode Two, the Blue Scholars' name can be seen on the front of several radio boxes throughout the game along with the radio station "FM 89.50". It is also on an audio receiver in Kleiner's lab, above the camera screens. This is because Sabzi is the cousin of Dhabih Eng, an artist for Valve. 89.5 FM is a reference to the frequency of Seattle, WA radio station KNHC-FM. It is one of the few radio stations in the country that is run entirely by high school students, in this case the students of Nathan Hale High School.
The song "Sagaba Remix" is featured in the Xbox 360 video game, Project Gotham Racing 4.
Discography [ edit ]
Albums [ edit ]
Blue Scholars (Pacific Northwest release: Independent, February 28, 2004; National release: Independent, June 21, 2005)
(Pacific Northwest release: Independent, February 28, 2004; National release: Independent, June 21, 2005) Bayani (Massline/Rawkus, June 12, 2007; Redux: Massline/Duck Down, September 1, 2009)
(Massline/Rawkus, June 12, 2007; Redux: Massline/Duck Down, September 1, 2009) Cinemetropolis (Independent/Kickstarter, June 14, 2011)
EPs [ edit ]
Singles [ edit ]
Freewheelin (Independent, Aug 2005)
Non-album tracks [ edit ]
Invocation (late 2003; web release, cut [23] from Blue Scholars LP)
(late 2003; web release, cut from Blue Scholars LP) Morning Tea (late 2003; web release, cut from Blue Scholars LP)
(late 2003; web release, cut from Blue Scholars LP) Wide Asleep (late 2003; web release, cut from Blue Scholars LP)
(late 2003; web release, cut from Blue Scholars LP) Inkwell (Crashed-Cop-Car Remix) (2004; web release, samples Modest Mouse's song Float On)
(2004; web release, samples Modest Mouse's song Float On) Bluchini (Sept 2007; web release, demo)
(Sept 2007; web release, demo) Coffee & Snow (Dec 2008; web video release) [24]
(Dec 2008; web video release) Michelle Malkin (Feb 2010; web release) [25]
(Feb 2010; web release) Paul Valery (Mar 2010; web release) [26]
(Mar 2010; web release) New People (Empire Way Remix) (Apr 2010; web release) [27]
(Apr 2010; web release) Summertime In The SEA (Jul 2010; web release) [28]
(Jul 2010; web release) Lumiere (Sep 2010; web release) [29]
(Sep 2010; web release) Big Bank Hank (Oct 2010; web release, samples Bibio's song Lovers' Carvings) [30]
(Oct 2010; web release, samples Bibio's song Lovers' Carvings) Coffee & Snow 2 (Nov 2010; web video release) [31]
(Nov 2010; web video release) John DeLorean (Apr 2011; web release) [32]
(Apr 2011; web release) Fly Me (Sept 2011; released on Prometheus Brown's "Brownouts, Vol. 1") [33]
(Sept 2011; released on Prometheus Brown's "Brownouts, Vol. 1") bell hooks (Sept 2011; released on Prometheus Brown's "Brownouts, Vol. 1") [33]
(Sept 2011; released on Prometheus Brown's "Brownouts, Vol. 1") May Day (Jun 2012; web release) [34]
(Jun 2012; web release) The Sound (feat. Sound Transit) (Oct 2012; web release) [35]
(Oct 2012; web release) The Decisive Moment (Nov 2012; unmastered web release)[36]
The Bar (Prometheus Brown and Bambu) [ edit ]
Prometheus Brown and Bambu Walk Into A Bar (Beatrock/In4mation, July 6, 2011)
(Beatrock/In4mation, July 6, 2011) Barkada (Beatrock, March 11, 2014)
(Beatrock, March 11, 2014) Son of Barkada (Beatrock, July 21, 2015)
Videography [ edit ]
2004: "Freewheelin"
2007: "Back Home"
2007: "Joe Metro"
2008: "Loyalty"
2008: "Coffee and Snow"
2009: "HI-808"
2010: "Coffee and Snow 2"
2011: "Fou Lee"
2012: "Seijun Suzuki"
2012: "Slick Watts"
2012: "Anna Karina"
with The Bar [ edit ]
2012: "Lookin' Up"
2012: "At It Again"
2014: "Coming (To America)"
2014: "The Bar"
2014: "Mits"
Sabzi [ edit ]
See Sabzi for complete listing
See also [ edit ]
References [ edit ]
YoungBoy Never Broke Again , a.k.a. NBA YoungBoy , was recently released from prison after serving six months behind bars on attempted murder charges . In a recent conversation with the Baton Rouge MC, Meek Mill told him to get the hell out of his hometown before he dies.
"You gotta move or you gon' die!" says Meek in the clip below as the two facetime. The MMG rapper also alludes to Lil Snupe, another Louisiana rapper who was killed before he could really get his due shine. “I used to tell that nigga every day, when you come off the road, get back on that road," says Meek.
It's not the first time this exact same sentiment has been expressed. When YoungBoy came home last week, B.R. legend Boosie BadAzz gave the young rapper some advice : leave this city as soon as possible.
Baton Rouge rappers like Kevin Gates and Mista Cain have also served time recently, and the city ranked No. 23 on a list of the 30 murder capitals in the U.S. last year. Boosie and Meek are probably giving the young MC some valuable advice. Hopefully he heeds their words.
YoungBoy was arrested in late November 2016 on attempted murder charges after police believed he was involved in a drive-by . You can listen to his latest project Mind of a Menace 3 Reloaded right here .
Right before he got locked up, he stopped by the XXL headquarters to spit a freestyle. Watch that below, as well as his call with Meek, and read our interview with him from when he was still behind bars.
Last week I blogged about the new ASP.NET MVC 3 Tools Update, and then followed it up with a detailed post that covered using the EF Code First and the new Data Scaffolding features in it.
Today's blog post is a continuation of this series and covers some of the new HTML5 improvements with the ASP.NET MVC 3 Tools Update release.
Project Template Support for HTML5 Semantic Markup
The ASP.NET MVC 3 Tools Update adds support for you to optionally use HTML5 semantic markup when creating new ASP.NET MVC 3 projects. You can specify this by checking the “Use HTML5 semantic markup” checkbox when creating new projects:
Selecting this checkbox option does two things:
1) It causes VS 2010 to use HTML5 semantic markup elements like <header>, <footer>, <section> and <nav> within the default layout.cshtml file that is generated. This is instead of just using <div> elements for header/footer/navigation elements – which is the default behavior if the HTML5 semantic checkbox isn't selected (and the same behavior that we have shipped earlier).
2) It causes VS 2010 to reference the modernizr.js JavaScript library by default within the layout.cshtml – which among other things will allow you to use CSS to style HTML5 semantic markup elements even with older browsers like IE6 (ensuring your site still works for older browsers).
Understanding Semantic HTML5 Markup
HTML5 introduces a number of new elements and APIs that introduce new behavioral capability (features like <video>, <canvas>, <svg>, etc).
HTML5 also introduces new elements (like <section>, <article>, <aside>, <header>, and <nav>) that enable you to enrich the semantic meaning and structure of your content and pages. These features allow you to write your pages so that you don't have to use opaque <div> elements to structure everything, and instead they allow you to better express the semantic meaning of your content. This makes your code a little cleaner to read, and long-term will hopefully enable browsers and search engines to better understand your markup and provide even richer experiences.
When you create a new ASP.NET MVC 3 Project with the “Use HTML5 semantic markup” checkbox selected, Visual Studio will use semantic HTML instead of <div> elements (where appropriate) within the layout.cshtml file that is generated for the new project. This means that the top of the site is wrapped in a <header> element, navigation links are surrounded by a <nav> element, and the footer is encapsulated within a <footer> element.
Learn more about Semantic HTML5 Markup
Bruce Lawson and Remy Sharp have a great Introducing HTML5 book that covers (among other new HTML5 features) how you can take advantage of semantic HTML5 markup:
You can also read Emily Lewis' Using HTML5's New Semantic Tags Today article on MSDN's ScriptJunkie site to learn more about the role of HTML5 semantic markup and see a practical example of it in action.
HTML5 Intellisense within VS 2010 SP1
With VS 2010 SP1, you can now change the “Target Schema for Validation” drop-down within the Text Editor toolbar to target HTML5 with intellisense:
When you select HTML5 as your validation target, the HTML intellisense engine within Visual Studio will provide appropriate intellisense for the new HTML5 elements and attributes. This is true for both behavioral elements like <canvas> and <video> as well as semantic elements like <article> and <nav>:
Note: the next release of VS will default to honoring the <!DOCTYPE> at the top of the page when driving intellisense, and then allow you to specify a default standard to use when it isn't present (or when you are editing within user controls, or partial/editor templates). With VS 2010 and earlier versions of Visual Studio you have to explicitly set which HTML version you want to target.
Modernizr.js Library
Semantic HTML5 markup is now supported by all modern browser vendors, and you can use standard CSS techniques to stylize and customize pages built with it.
One challenge, though, is that there are still a lot of older browsers out there – and browsers like IE6 by default don't allow you to stylize semantic HTML5 elements using CSS. The semantic HTML5 site that looks beautiful in a modern browser might end up looking broken unless you use a library that enables you to work around this limitation.
Modernizr.js
Modernizr is a small and elegant open-source JavaScript library that helps you take advantage of emerging web technologies (HTML5, CSS3) while still maintaining a level of compatibility with older browsers that may not yet support these new capabilities. You can learn more about Modernizr from the http://modernizr.com/ website.
Starting with the ASP.NET MVC 3 Tools Update, we are now shipping Modernizr with ASP.NET MVC 3, and adding it by default to all new ASP.NET MVC 3 projects. If you select the “Use HTML5 semantic markup” checkbox when creating new ASP.NET MVC 3 projects, Visual Studio will also add a reference to the Modernizr.js library by default within your layout.cshtml template:
Modernizr.js and using CSS with Semantic HTML5 on older Browsers
Including the above Modernizr.js script reference will enable you to use CSS to stylize semantic HTML5 elements – and have it work both in modern browsers (where it is natively supported), and older ones (including IE6). Among other things, Modernizr is smart enough to run a little script that will cause older browsers to honor CSS rules with unknown elements they encounter.
You can see the benefit Modernizr brings with this by running the default ASP.NET MVC 3 project that is created using IE9. If you use the default IE9 rendering mode (which supports Semantic HTML5 elements) the site will look like below, and use the browser's built-in CSS support for semantic HTML5:
If you enable “Compatibility View” within the browser (the second icon at the top of IE's navigation bar) – you'll see a “downlevel” rendering of the page (just like what IE6/7/8 users would see). Modernizr allows our CSS rules to work in this downlevel mode – despite the older IE rendering engine not natively supporting elements like <header>, <footer>, <nav>, <section>, etc:
If we had not included Modernizr.js on the page, visitors to the site using older browsers would have instead seen something broken like this:
As you can see – Modernizr provides a big improvement over what users with older browser would have otherwise seen! Best of all, we didn't have to write any code or author an alternative CSS style-sheet to get this to work. And we are using HTML5 Semantic Markup throughout the site.
Using Modernizr to Detect Browser Capabilities
The above Semantic HTML5 markup example is just one of the nice benefits that Modernizr brings.
Modernizr also makes it easy to check for browser capabilities (without you having to hard-code browser versions into code), and enables you to easily detect and light-up if a specific feature is supported. You can learn more about how this works on the http://modernizr.com web-site.
Justin Schwartzenberger has a nice blog post that shows this in action, and highlights How to use Modernizr with ASP.NET MVC 3 to store user data via HTML5 localstorage. His tutorial shows an end-to-end ASP.NET MVC 3 sample where he uses HTML5's localstorage feature if it is available, and falls back to just using cookies on older browsers.
Summary
The new ASP.NET MVC 3 Tooling Update is full of goodness. If you haven't already downloaded and installed it I highly recommend you do so. You can run the ASP.NET MVC 3 installer on the http://asp.net/mvc site to make sure you have the latest version.
The HTML5 Semantic Markup improvements in ASP.NET MVC 3 enable you to start designing sites that take better advantage of HTML5 and modern browsers. Using Modernizr.js you can also have these sites continue to work with older browsers, and optionally light-up only when new features are enabled.
Hope this helps,
Scott
P.S. I am also now using Twitter for quick updates and to share links. Follow me at: twitter.com/scottgu
NEW YORK--(BUSINESS WIRE)--SFX Entertainment, Inc. (NASDAQ:SFXE), the largest global producer of live events and digital entertainment content focused exclusively on electronic music culture (EMC) and other world-class festivals, announced today that it has entered into an agreement to purchase React Presents, one of the leading producers and promoters of festivals and events in the Midwest.
Founded in 2008 by Lucas King and Jeff Callahan, React Presents is a full-service concert and festival promotion company based in Chicago, known for its two major festivals – Spring Awakening Music Festival in Chicago and Summer Set Music & Camping Festival, held in Northern Wisconsin. Overall in 2013, the company promoted nearly 200 events in Illinois, Wisconsin and Michigan which were attended by more than 375,000 fans.
“React Presents enhances the nationwide network of promoters for SFX and brings two new and highly successful festivals into our U.S. repertoire, which already includes TomorrowWorld, Mysteryland, Sensation, Electric Zoo, Disco Donnie Presents and Life in Color, and is further bolstered by a newly formed marketing and content partnership with Clear Channel Media and Entertainment,” said Robert FX Sillerman, Chairman and CEO of SFX Entertainment. “React Presents is a dominant player in the Midwest, so it was strategically important for us to join forces. React's ability to put together and promote so many quality productions that excite so many fans will greatly add to our success and growth.”
“After years of being Independent Festival / Concert Promoters in the Midwest, we are very exited to join the SFX family. We feel this strategic partnership with SFX Entertainment and its team of like-minded pioneers will make for a massive global company,” said Jeff Callahan, co-founder of React Presents.
Spring Awakening Music Festival is Chicago's first all-dance music festival, held at Soldier Field. It was initially a two-day event in 2012 and expanded to a three-day festival in 2013, where it was attended by nearly 78,000 fans. This year's three-day event is scheduled for June 13-15.
Summer Set Music & Camping Festival is a three-day music and camping festival in Northern Wisconsin along the Apple River. It was started in 2012 and was attended by more than 33,000 fans in 2013. The festival is scheduled for August 15-17 this year.
Pursuant to terms of the agreement SFX will also acquire Clubtix, an online ticket sale forum for consumers, and West Loop Management, a venue management company also based in Chicago. The closing is expected to occur in March 2014, subject to satisfaction of customary closing conditions.
About SFX Entertainment
SFX Entertainment, Inc. is the largest global producer of live events and digital entertainment content focused exclusively on electronic music culture (EMC) and other world-class festivals. SFX's mission is to enable EMC by providing fans with the best possible live experiences, music discovery and digital connectivity with our content and the broader EMC community. SFX was borne out of the technology revolution, as the music industry evolved into DJ- and producer-led creations driven by social and digital consumer media. SFX produces and promotes a growing portfolio of live events that includes leading brands such as Tomorrowland, TomorrowWorld, Mysteryland, Sensation, Stereosonic, Electric Zoo, Disco Donnie Presents, Life in Color, Rock in Rio, Nature One, Mayday and Ruhr-in-Love. SFX also operates Beatport, the principal online resource for EMC DJs and a trusted destination for the growing EMC community to discover and stream music, follow DJs and keep abreast of news, information and events, in addition to offering year-round entertainment to EMC fans around the globe through other digital assets.
Forward Looking Statements
This press release contains forward-looking statements regarding our business strategy and plans, which are subject to the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These forward-looking statements are only predictions and may differ materially from actual results due to a variety of factors including: our ability to close the acquisition of our planned acquisition targets; our ability to integrate the companies we have acquired and plan to acquire in the future; our belief that the EMC community will grow; our ability to increase the number of festivals and events we produce and their attendance; our ability to pay our debts and meet our liquidity needs; competition; our ability to manage growth and geographically-dispersed operations; and our ability to grow our online properties. These and other potential risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ from the results predicted are more fully detailed under the caption “Risk Factors” in our final prospectus filed with the SEC on October 10, 2013, which is available on our Investor Relations website at www.sfxii.com and on the SEC website at www.sec.gov. Additional information will also be set forth in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2013. In addition, any forward-looking statements contained herein are based on assumptions that we believe to be reasonable as of this date. We undertake no obligation to update these statements as a result of new information or future events, except as required by law.
The Melvins with Lori Black in the foreground, some creepy guy named Kurt lurking in the back
Shirley Temple Black became famous so young that when she died late last night, she was only 85, even though she seemed like a figure from the era of silent movies, practically. It's well known that Temple represented a case of a child star not flaming out in adulthood. She became a prominent Republican and served as U.S. ambassador to Ghana and Czechoslovakia as well as Chief of Protocol of the United States, whatever that is—it sounds impressive.
Credit the metal website Metal Sucks (whose tagline is “Mustaine: Australian for Putz”) with a great scoop on the breaking story of Temple's death: her daughter spent several years as bassist for The Melvins, the legendary sludge-rock band from the Pacific Northwest. She played on three Melvins albums: Ozma, Bullhead and Houdini, as well as the Eggnog EP. According to Metal Sucks, she went by “Lorax” Black during that time and was probably dating Buzz Osbourne.
Here's The Melvins—with Lori—playing “Heater/At a Crawl” at Seattle's Central Tavern in 1989:
Here's The Melvins—with Lori—covering Pink Floyd's “The Nile Song” at UCLA in 1993:
Thank you Jarrod Zickefoose!
Previously on Dangerous Minds:
‘Wavelength' live score with members of Jesus Lizard, The Melvins & LCD Soundsystem
by Michelle Walling, CHLC, In5D As usual, the majority of humanity has no idea of the true threat of CERN and how it is trying to be used ...
http://humansarefree.com/2015/03/cern-and-war-on-consciousness.html
What is CERN?
“The instruments used at CERN are purpose-built particle accelerators and detectors. Accelerators boost beams of particles to high energies before the beams are made to collide with each other or with stationary targets.
“Detectors observe and record the results of these collisions. Founded in 1954, the CERN laboratory sits astride the Franco-Swiss border near Geneva.
“The name CERN is derived from the acronym for the French ‘Conseil Européen pour la Recherche Nucléaire', or European Council for Nuclear Research, a provisional body founded in 1952 with the mandate of establishing a world-class fundamental physics research organization in Europe. At that time, pure physics research concentrated on understanding the inside of the atom, hence the word ‘nuclear'.”
“It's almost two years to the day since the team in the CERN Control Centre switched off the beams in the Large Hadron Collider (LHC) at 7.24am on 14 February 2013, marking the end of the accelerator's first three-year run.
“Hundreds of engineers and technicians have been repairing and strengthening the laboratory's accelerators and experiments in preparation for running the LHC at the higher energy. So what has the work achieved?
“When the LHC restarts this year, the energy of particle collisions will be 13 TeV (or 6.5 TeV per beam) compared to 8 TeV (4 TeV per beam) in 2012. This higher energy will allow physicists to extend their searches for new particles and to check previously untestable theories.
“To prepare the machine for this new energy frontier, 18 of the LHC's 1232 superconducting dipole magnets, which steer particle beams around the accelerator, were replaced due to wear and tear. More than 10,000 electrical interconnections between dipole magnets were fitted with shunts – pieces of metal that act as an alternative path for the 11,000 amp current, saving the interconnection if there is a fault.
“The machine will operate at a higher voltage to run the higher energy beams, and has been fitted with new sets of radiation-resistant electronics. The vacuum system that keeps the beam pipe clear of stray molecules has been upgraded, and the cryogenics system for the LHC's superconducting dipole magnets has been refurbished.
“Bunches of protons in the accelerator will be separated in time by 25 nanoseconds compared to 50 nanoseconds. The LHC will thus deliver more particles per unit time, as well as more collisions, to the experiments. To prepare for the challenges of more collisions, the LHC experiments, including ALICE, ATLAS, CMS and LHCb, underwent full consolidation and maintenance programmes, including upgrades to their subdetectors and data-acquisition systems.
“The CERN IT department purchased and installed almost 60,000 new cores and over 100 petabytes of additional disk storage to cope with the increased amount of data that is expected from the experiments during run 2.
“Significant upgrades have also been made to the networking infrastructure, including the installation of new uninterruptible power supplies. When the LHC starts up again this spring, CERN's accelerators and experiments will be ready.”
The pole shift
The real war
My observations
Non-consent and side effects
Astral dark matter light creation
ADVOCACY ARCHIVE
INTRA - AGENCY MESSAGES
2947-08-29_14:27 SET
TO: DIR . THOMAS CARMODY
CC: AD JOSH SHAW , DEP . AD EMMA THORNE
FROM : SC STEFANO CALLIER
SUBJECT : XI'AN MEETING
Director Carmody,
To follow up on our earlier discussion, I just left the meeting with the Xi'an envoys and to say they're not happy would be a gross understatement. They presented documentation collating evidence of ongoing, weekly attacks targeting Xi'an shipments traveling through Nyx. I've attached their document for your records. My staff is currently cross-referencing their list against ours to ensure there are no discrepancies.
Thankfully, the Xi'an envoys have agreed not to file an official diplomatic complaint for now, but they made it abundantly clear that they wouldn't hesitate to do so if we didn't stop what's going on. I reiterated that Nyx isn't under our jurisdiction but to them, it makes no difference if the system is ‘recognized' by the UEE or not. They consider Nyx to be Human-controlled space which, according to their interpretation of HuXa, means that it's our responsibility to guarantee the safe passage of Xi'an cargo ships.
I assured them that we've been implementing policies from Tohil that could help stop these attacks, like increased patrols near the jump into Nyx and updated Advocacy signage at refueling stops to advise Xi'an haulers to be wary of attacks. We're doing everything we can short of entering the system to take care of the problems ourselves.
Please advise if you believe there are any further actions my team and I can do to keep this issue from turning into a real diplomatic issue.
Sincerely,
Stefano Callier
Section Chief
Advocacy — Tohil System
Attachment: XianAttackedShips_Nyx.tbf
2947-08-30_04:08 SET
TO: SC STEFANO CALLIER
CC: AD JOSH SHAW , DEP . AD EMMA THORNE
FROM : DIR . THOMAS CARMODY
RE: XI'AN MEETING
SC Callier,
I'm fully confident that you can find a quick and appropriate solution to this problem.
I see you'll be cycling back to headquarters in a few weeks. Let's be sure to get some face time when you're on Earth. I'll have my office set something up.
Thomas D. Carmody
Director
Office of the Advocacy
New York, Earth, Sol
2947-08-31_10:51 SET
TO: DIR . THOMAS CARMODY
CC: AD JOSH SHAW , DAD EMMA THORNE
FROM : SC STEFANO CALLIER
RE: XI'AN MEETING
Understood.
Look forward to seeing you.
Stefano Callier
Section Chief
Advocacy — Tohil System
___________________________________________________
2947-09-02_21:40 SET
TO: SC JAFFE PORTER
FROM : SC STEFANO CALLIER
SUBJECT : Rock and a …
Hey Port,
I need to pick your brain on a pressing issue.
Today, another Xi'an shipment got hit in Nyx, and Carmody's livid. I'm really between a rock and a hard place on this one. He's told me to solve this issue, but never officially authorized my team to work Nyx. I'm worried that if I task agents for an unauthorized action in unregulated space, then it could be used against me. But if I don't do something to stop these attacks, then I'm definitely in the doghouse.
You know Carmody's never been a big fan of mine, and I'm worried that he's hanging me out to dry. He's already set up a face-to-face next time I'm back on Earth. As someone who's successfully walked the tightrope for a while, any recommendations on how to handle this without it blowing up in my face?
-Stef
2947-09-03_14:33 SET
TO: SC STEFANO CALLIER
FROM : SC JAFFE PORTER
RE: Rock and a …
I don't envy your position, kid, but don't simply assume this is a set-up. Carmody cares about results above all else and delivering them is the only way to get in his good graces. Trust me, you'll be sipping some fancyass limited-edition Radegast in that face-to-face if you get this Nyx thing sorted before then.
So, consider this a test of your creativity. Even though Nyx isn't our jurisdiction, it's still our responsibility to maintain order. Influence doesn't always mean direct action, though.
How connected are you to the People's Alliance? If word got to them that the Advocacy was ‘considering' action in the system against these attackers, it might motivate them to do your dirty work. Just a thought.
Good luck,
-Jaffe
2947-09-04_06:57 SET
TO: SC JAFFE PORTER
FROM : SC STEFANO CALLIER
RE: Rock and a …
Appreciate it, Port. Knew I could count on you.
Just spoke with a CI on Levski and the ball is in motion. Now it's time to sit back and see if the People's Alliance still hate us enough to want to keep us away.
Only two weeks until that sit down with Carmody. Cross your fingers that another Xi'an ship doesn't get hit before then. Either way, I owe you a bottle of fancy-ass Radegast myself.
-Stef
2947-09-07_10:41 SET
TO: SC STEFANO CALLIER
FROM : SC JAFFE PORTER
RE: Rock and a …
Anytime. Us fringe SCs need to stick together.
Let me know how it all shakes out.
-Jaffe
2947-09-18_19:36 SET
TO: SC STEFANO CALLIER
FROM : SC JAFFE PORTER
RE: Rock and a …
Just realized it's been two weeks. How was the meeting with Carmody?
-Jaffe
2947-09-19_17:22 SET
TO: SC JAFFE PORTER
FROM : SC STEFANO CALLIER
RE: Rock and a …
You know, I'd always heard that nothing in the universe is smoother than a 40-year-old Radegast and damn, they were right.
Carmody didn't even ask about the Xi'an or Nyx. He just toasted my diligence and hard work before taking that first sip. Meanwhile, I was thanking the People's Alliance under my breath for doing all the heavy lifting. And of course you too, Port.
Couldn't have done it without your advice. There's a reasonably priced 12-year-old Radegast with your name on it next time you're in Tohil.
Thanks again.
-Stef
The ship's route through the Northwest Passage CNA
The hazardous Northwest Passage is open for business. The MV Nunavik left Canada's Deception Bay on September 19 and rounded Alaska's Point Barrow on Tuesday - without an icebreaker escort.
Owned by shipping firm Fednav and built in Japan, the Nunavik is the first cargo ship to make the trip unassisted, although technically, she is rated as a Polar Class 4 vessel, and can withstand year-round operations in first-year ice.
A picture of the Nunavik Fednav The Nunavik is carrying 23,000 tonnes of nickel concentrate extracted from the Chinese-owned Nunavik Nickel Mine near Deception Bay, Fednav said. The route to the port of Bayuquan, China, is about 40 per cent shorter than through the Panama Canal.
Her successful voyage underlines the huge role global warming is playing in international trade. Two years ago, Arctic sea ice shrank to cover the smallest area ever recorded. That's already affecting traffic through the Suez Canal.
Russia believes the Northern Sea Route could become the prime passage between Europe and Asia. Traffic jumped from four vessels in 2010 to 71 in 2013 - the journey takes only 35 days, compared to a 48-day journey between the continents via the Suez Canal.
It's desperately trying to stake ownership over the passage along its Arctic coast and seeking to charge ships for using it.
An ice-free Northwest Passage is seen in this handout satellite photo from NASA taken on September 15, 2007. REUTERS/NASA/Terra Satellite/Handout
Panama's stranglehold on shipping is under threat for the first time in 100 years. Testing will begin mid next year on a new set of locks that will allow the world's largest tankers to pass through, but the project is suffering cost overruns heading into the billions.
And a Chinese businessman is serious about a $40bn plan to build a whole new canal through Nicaragua, which will be three times longer than the Panama route. According to reports, the Nicaraguans have green-lit the project and it's aiming for a 2020 opening.
Somewhat ironically, Fednav says through fuel savings, it expects to reduce its greenhouse gas emissions during MV Nunavik's voyage by about 1,300 metric tons (1,430 tons) - the very thing allowing it to now take the shortcut.
Adding to its green credentials, Fednav also said they consulted the World Wildlife Fund to find a route that causes the least impact on marine wildlife.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption 'Bombing Raqqa won't solve problem'
France and the United States should "put their efforts into" finding a peaceful solution to the Syrian civil war, Jeremy Corbyn has told the BBC.
The Labour leader said he looked forward to his MPs "being persuaded" to back his opposition to UK air strikes in Syria ahead of Wednesday's vote.
He was forced to offer a free vote to MPs after a shadow cabinet rebellion.
David Cameron has urged MPs of all parties to back his case for strikes against so-called Islamic State.
The government has published the motion to be voted on, which says military action is "only one component of a broader strategy" to tackle IS.
The motion would specifically authorise air strikes "exclusively" against IS in Syria and says the UK government will not deploy troops in "ground combat operations".
According to the BBC's latest research, 360 MPs are in favour of the motion while 170 are against. Of the remainder, 20 are "leaning to" supporting the government, three are "leaning against" while 87 are undecided.
SNP leader Nicola Sturgeon has confirmed her party's 54 MPs will be opposing air strikes, saying bombing on its own will not rid the threat of terrorism or bring peace to Syria.
But the Democratic Unionist Party has said its eight MPs will support airstrikes and former Lib Dem leader Nick Clegg has said the Lib Dems will follow suit, telling Sky News that it was "on balance better to take action than pursue a course of inaction".
In an interview with BBC political editor Laura Kuenssberg, Mr Corbyn said it had been an "interesting 24 hours" during which he had abandoned a bid to adopt a party policy of opposition to air strikes after a number of his front benchers protested.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption David Cameron: "Isil is a threat to our country and this is the right thing to do"
His approach was criticised after he wrote to MPs setting out his opposition to intervention before the shadow cabinet had finalised its position.
As many as 50 Labour MPs are expected to vote with the government, which is likely to give it a comfortable majority backing air strikes.
Mr Corbyn, who earlier appealed to his frontbench to "think again", said MPs "must bear in mind what the public think and what the implications are for this country".
He added that more than 75% of Labour members polled by the party had indicated they were opposed to air strikes.
Asked about his failure to convince his shadow cabinet to back his position, he said: "Some people are more difficult to persuade than others, and I look forward to them being persuaded."
'Only alternative'
Rather than air strikes, Mr Corbyn said efforts should focus on a political settlement and achieving a "credible line of government" across Syria.
He said he was not saying he would "never" back military action, but said it had to be the "only alternative" and that this was not the case with Wednesday's vote.
Asked whether, if he was prime minister, he would urge France and the United States - which are already bombing IS in Syria - to stop, he said: "I would ask them to put their efforts into a peace process."
He added: "I would ask them to join in looking for the way in which we can achieve a political solution to the Syria civil war as the best way forward of solving that problem."
Air strikes, he said, were "not a sensible or rational way forward", adding it "takes us yet again into another conflict".
MPs rejected air strikes against Syrian government targets in 2013, but have since backed strikes against IS in Iraq.
70,000 troops claim
Ministers say it is "illogical" to carry out strikes in Iraq but not Syria as IS does not recognise the border between the countries.
One of the key debating points has been Mr Cameron's claim there are 70,000 moderate ground forces able to fight IS in Syria.
The prime minister's spokeswoman said a claim by Labour MP Louise Haigh that the national security advisor had briefed MPs that 30,000 of the 70,000 were "much more radical Islamists" was a misrepresentation of what he had said.
Ms Haigh made the comment on Twitter, and was challenged by other MPs who had been at the briefing. She later insisted the government must "be clearer about the make-up" of the 70,000 figures.
Yesterday saw the fortnightly ICM/Guardian poll, which showed similar compression between the main parties and the chasing pair to what YouGov have been showing. Full figures are:
ICM/Guardian: CON 43 (-2)
LAB 25 (-1)
LD 11 (+2)
UKIP 11 (+1)
GRN 4 (=) 31st Mar-2nd Apr
N=2,005
Writeup https://t.co/akksvMmgLP — NumbrCrunchrPolitics (@NCPoliticsUK) April 3, 2017
This was ICM's joint-lowest ever vote share for Labour since the series began in 1983. The two point drop in the Conservative vote share trims the Tory lead to 18 points. But the news for the government is less good on the supplementary questions, which suggest that the public aren't too keen on an exit bill of anything like the one the UK is likely to get. Anthony Wells has written a good summary of this.
In local election land, we now have forecasts from both Rallings and Thrasher at Plymouth University and Lord Hayward. No huge changes in either, but the direction if travel is that the Conservatives and Lib Dems both gain compared with 2013, close to the middle of their coalition government, while Labour and UKIP look set to drop back.
And finally, Ed Miliband told Eddie Mair (deputising for Andrew Marr) how shocked he was in 2015 to see the exit poll. That's what happens when you don't follow NCP…
There are no polls expected today, but the Political Studies Association is holding its mayoral elections briefing (its equivalent for council elections is later this month). I'll be there, so will tweet anything of interest.
Get it before it's on the website – sign up for this briefing:
The Best Cops Money Can Buy Cops Find Justification for Security Work at Target: Panhandling Patrols
POLICE RULES are very clear when it comes to the kinds of security jobs Portland cops can perform for private groups—in uniform, for expensive overtime pay—when they'd otherwise be off-duty.
A directive issued in 2009, under then-Chief Rosie Sizer, discourages contracts that are "primarily a security function for the sole benefit of the establishment" and are "focused solely on the interests of the business." The change, unpopular at the time, was driven by Sizer's distaste for anti-shoplifting work at the downtown Ross Dress for Less.
But despite those rules—and with the full blessing of Chief Mike Reese's top staffers, the Mercury has learned—Portland cops have been collecting big checks paid by downtown's cheery Galleria Target ever since it opened this summer.
The contract was signed just before the Mercury reported that the bureau had allowed an Occupy Portland-related contract with a Bank of America branch to continue for nearly two years—well after protests had died down ["The Legal Way to Buy a Cop," News, July 31].
"It is an exception," says Commander Bob Day, the boss of the bureau's central precinct and the cop who signed the Target contract—with approval from Assistant Chief Larry O'Dea. "I'm fully aware that the directive is in place."
But Day's justification for the contract might be even more controversial than the work itself. Moreover, it may not hold up to scrutiny.
Police officials apparently see the contract—in which a private business pays uniformed officers to cater to its needs—as an example of "community policing."
What's that really mean? The Target contract has emerged as another potential weapon in what's been a months-long push against panhandlers and others accused of blocking the sidewalks and bothering tourists and shoppers. Cops, business lobbyists, and officials like Mayor Charlie Hales have all cited reported assaults and "lawlessness" as part of a fight to revive harsher "sit-lie" sidewalk rules.
"A lot of thought went into [the contract]," says bureau spokesman Pete Simpson, also talking about a "philosophical" difference between Sizer and Reese. "The tipping point was the sidewalk issues. It tilted it toward being a public benefit."
Day, who runs point on downtown sidewalk issues for Reese, further explained his vision for the Target contract. "They're out on the sidewalk," he says of the officers doing the work. "It's not just sitting at the door arresting shoplifters. That's my expectation. They're out on the sidewalk walking around."
That roughly jibes with a public copy of the Target contract, obtained in a records request. It says cops are supposed to patrol the store and its "property" and let private guards take the lead when collaring suspected thieves.
But there's also some evidence, the Mercury has learned, that bureau officials might be overstating the role sidewalk policing plays in the contract.
The actual set of marching orders cops receive when signing up for eight-hour Target shifts, obtained by the Mercury, spends little time exhorting officers to get outside the store. In fact, it requires only "one outside perimeter patrol per hour." That language is not in the public contract.
Crime statistics and neighborhood observations also call into question concerns about the particular urgency of sidewalk issues around the Target, which shares the block bound by SW 10th, 9th, Morrison, and Alder with other retailers. A review of data for the area shows some hits for crimes like assault and disorderly conduct, but less than in nearby blocks.
"I've never seen a cop out front," says one area regular.
A homeless couple enduring a recent rainy afternoon with their dogs outside the store's SW 10th and Morrison entrance—the only people asking for money on the whole block—said they're often rousted by officers downtown, but usually closer to SW 3rd. Another homeless man, Benjamin Bagnall, said panhandlers generally avoid crowding that entrance and don't fill the block.
"I have never seen any congestion on the sidewalks," Bagnall says.
Day argues that just knowing an officer is nearby—seeing the car parked in the loading dock, for example—"can be a deterrent as well as create a sense of safety and security."
Target initially approached the bureau to help deal with crowds around its late July grand opening. That's a normal arrangement: Businesses or nonprofits routinely pay police hundreds of dollars to help manage large groups of people, typically for specific events that last, at most, for just a few days.
But Target also made clear it hoped for a more enduring relationship—akin to what a regional manager says the chain enjoys in other cities, including Seattle.
In November alone, according to information obtained by the Mercury, cops have been offered shifts on 21 different days—including every day during the busy shopping week around Thanksgiving. And it's not hard to see why officers would readily sign up—or why Reese's team found a way to let them do it. At $63 an hour, what a senior cop would be paid to work overtime, just one eight-hour shift amounts to an extra $500 in gross pay.
Reese, sources say, was a big fan of the old Ross Dress for Less contract, back when he was the commander of central precinct. Jockeying between Sizer and Reese, those sources say, may also have helped spur Sizer's decision to cancel that work.
"Secondary employment" contracts, as the bureau's policy manual calls them, are a strange thing overall.
Though bureau officials approve them, and set overall policy, the Portland Police Association—the city's rank-and-file police union—is charged with scheduling the officers who work the security jobs. So far, through early November, PPA figures show officers have worked some 7,033 hours on 1,261 different secondary employment jobs.
Day and Simpson both said the Target contract would be re-evaluated early next year—after, it should be noted, the holiday rush. Day also says he's gone out to monitor the work "a few times" and that "everyone seems pleased."
Except, maybe, police accountability advocates—who already have grave reservations about letting businesses pay for cops.
"I don't understand how assaults somewhere else downtown translates into helping this private corporation," says Dan Handelman of Portland Copwatch. "It sounds like quite a stretch."
After Reaching Out His Hand, President Obama Will Step Foot In Cuba
Enlarge this image toggle caption Yamil Lage/AFP/Getty Images Yamil Lage/AFP/Getty Images
When Obama walks off Air Force One onto the red carpet at Jose Marti airport in Havana Sunday, he'll be taking another big step towards normal relations with the island, and kicking another hole in the wall of isolation that the U.S. spent decades trying to build around Cuba.
"The Cold War has been over for a long time," Obama said, before his historic handshake with Cuban President Raul Castro in Panama last year. "I'm not interested in having battles that, frankly, started before I was born."
Obama will be the first American president to visit Cuba since Calvin Coolidge arrived on a battleship in 1928. (Harry Truman dropped by during a Caribbean cruise 20 years later, but didn't go beyond the U.S. naval base at Guantanamo Bay.)
The president hopes to cement the new U.S. policy of engagement with Cuba that he first announced 15 months ago.
"We very much want to make the process of normalization irreversible," said Deputy National Security Advisor Ben Rhodes, who played a key role in secret talks that led up to the opening.
During his two-day trip to Cuba, the president will meet with Castro as well as Cuban dissidents. He'll deliver a televised address to the Cuban people. And he'll take in an exhibition baseball game between the Cuban national team and the Tampa Bay Rays. First Lady Michelle Obama is joining her husband on the trip, along with their daughters, Sasha and Malia.
While polls show a majority of Americans including Cuban Americans support renewed diplomatic ties with Cuba, the president's policy still draws criticism from some Republicans.
"Let's not forget that the Castro regime has been guilty of countless human rights abuses," House Speaker Paul Ryan said Thursday. "Unfortunately, it is doubtful that the president will bring up the need for reform during his visit."
The White House says Obama will raise the issue of human rights when he meets with Castro on Monday. He'll also hold a separate meeting Tuesday with human rights activists and others who are critical of the Castro government.
"We know that change won't come to Cuba overnight," National Security Advisor Susan Rice said. "But the old approach — trying to isolate Cuba for more than 50 years — clearly didn't work. We believe that engagement — including greater trade, travel, and ties between Americans and Cubans — is the best way to help create opportunity and spur progress for the Cuban people."
Several dozen members of Congress — both Democrats and Republicans — are expected to join the president's delegation. Business people will also be tagging along in hopes of uncovering new economic opportunities.
While the U.S. embargo against Cuba remains in effect, the administration has been chipping away it over the last 15 months. The Commerce and Treasury Departments have steadily eased restrictions on travel and trade with Cuba. On Tuesday, the administration opened the door for individual Americans to travel to Cuba for "people-to-people" purposes, without having to sign up for an expensive group tour. Direct mail service between the U.S. and Cuba resumed this past week. And U.S. airlines are expected to launch scheduled service to the island later this year, with up to 110 flights a day.
The diplomatic thaw has prompted a surge in U.S. visits to Cuba, located just 90 miles off the southern tip of Florida.
So far, the U.S. overtures have prompted only a limited response from the Cuban government, both economically and politically. American companies, given a green light by Washington to do business in Cuba, still encounter red tape in Havana. And Cuban dissidents still face repression from the authoritarian Castro regime.
Outside experts say while Cuba has made some positive moves, they've been small, and it's not clear when — or even if — more progress will be achieved.
"The great problem, as we know, is a journey of a thousand miles starts with a few steps," said Peter Hakim of the Inter-American Dialogue think tank. "But so does a journey of a only few steps."
Some critics argue Obama should have waited to visit Cuba until the country moves further down the path of reform. But Rhodes disagrees.
"Given the choice between going in December when, frankly, it would just kind of be a vacation down to Cuba, or going now and trying to get some business done, we believe that the time is right," Rhodes said.
The president's outreach to Cuba has also been welcomed by other leaders in the hemisphere, with whom the previous policy of trying to isolate Cuba had been a liability.
‘No problem with students continuing to transfer … in direct response to their bullying'
Racial protesters at Claremont McKenna College created an enemies list of administrators and students who are racial minorities but disagreed with the protesters' goals or otherwise earned their spite, the Claremont Independent reported Thursday.
First hinted at in a Facebook page mocking the “gross boys” of CMC – including both male and female staffers of the right-leaning Independent – the “shady person of color” (SPOC) list was made public Wednesday by Hannah Oh, the former Independent editor-in-chief.
Being named on the list was the last straw for one so-called SPOC, who said he plans to transfer out of CMC because it is not willing to provide “a safe environment” for students who dissent from the orthodoxy of student radicals.
“It's straight out of [the movie] Mean Girls,” Oh told The College Fix over Twitter direct messages. “This SPOC list is like their Burn Book. It's so immature and unproductive, and they seem to have no problem with students continuing to transfer out of the school in direct response to their bullying.”
RELATED: Hundreds of students take stand against racialized protests at Claremont McKenna College
The newspaper said it obtained a screenshot of the list from a disaffected protester. Independent editor-in-chief Steven Glick connected that person with The Fix, though the former protester declined to comment further in a Facebook message.
The Fix has confirmed that person is a former organizer for the activist group CMCers of Color.
‘White tears'
In a Google Docs page, CMCers of Color circulated a private wish list of items that progressive minority students wanted in their permanent “safe space” when the administration gave them a promised Resource Center.
In addition to kitchen items and a sound system, the list included a pin board featuring a dream team of the racial movement's loudest objectors, all of them “SPOCs.”
RELATED – CAVED: These 10 college presidents surrendered to campus protestors' diversity demands
“Shady people/person of color” is a snarl phrase that has been deployed against minority students who “dissented from the protest movement” at Claremont throughout this year, said the Independent in its Thursday report.
Also listed among the “board of quotes” on the list: “White tears,” “Drag them,” “Pls.”
Though the five-person list only included two full names, the Independent attempted to identify the others and speculated why each “SPOC” was on the list.
The SPOC board includes a royal court of the CMC community who had found themselves on CMCers of Color's bad side – either by opposing the group, or through mere incompetence in supporting the movement.
Another student plans to leave in response to harassment by activists
The “King SPOC,” identified as Assistant Dean of Admissions Brandon Gonzalez, earned the wrath of CMCers of Color by leading a diversity initiative that the protesters “felt misrepresented CMC,” the Independent said.
RELATED: Undergrad links to Obama's comments about students being ‘coddled,' gets ripped by peers
In an email to The Fix, Gonzalez said he disagreed with his “SPOC” designation but declined to comment further.
As Independent editor-in-chief when CMCers of Color made their demands to the administration last fall, Oh was deemed “Queen SPOC.” She had joined a staff editorial savaging administrators and students for their response to protesters' demands, including the resignation of Dean Mary Spellman, and harassment of a dissenting minority student.
"The protestors are the most racist group on campus I've seen to date." Yup. https://t.co/5Vz2mH4C7q pic.twitter.com/xJO45rp9S3 — Hannah Oh (@hannahoh16) May 6, 2016
The “Ignorant SPOC,” identified as student Nathaniel Tsai, wrote a letter anonymously co-signed by more than 300 students in opposition to the protesters' demands. (His entry also labels him “town drunk” with no explanation.)
RELATED: Facebook page uses Christianity to mock conservative student journalists
Upon learning of the SPOC list, Tsai wrote a Facebook post saying he planned to leave CMC “pending administration response to this document.”
“I do not believe that the school administration nor student government fosters a safe environment for ALL students, regardless of POC status,” Tsai wrote in a Facebook post late Thursday.
Tsai is the second known CMC student to promise to leave over the school's treatment of viewpoints that go against the protesters. Kate Hartman, who was savaged by her peers for citing President Obama's comments about “coddled” students, was “accepted as a transfer to other universities” after she got fed up with CMC's environment, her mother wrote in an April 26 letter to CMC.
‘God is watching … especially you'
The “Prince SPOC,” identified as student Tony Sidhom, was vocal in raising his concerns with protesters' tactics at Student Senate. The Court Jester SPOC, student David Brown, was critical of the protesters' lack of organization and debating skills as well as their heavy-handed tactics.
The Facebook page “Pray for the Boys of Claremont” specifically named Independent Managing Editor Jose Ruiz under its prayer request for “Shady People of Color,” though it removed his name after commenters accused the page of harassment. The page also removed a group photo of Oh, Glick and Independent Publisher Taylor Schmitt.
A year ago, CMCers of Color presented a list of proposed actions to the administration, according to The Student Life. Amid calls for the removal of Spellman, those “proposals” turned into demands in November letter presented to Spellman and President Hiram Chodosh by CMCers of Color and other racial affinity groups.
RELATED: Claremont McKenna shot itself in the foot by indulging student fanatics, editorial says
Like The College Fix on Facebook / Follow us on Twitter
IMAGES: Dusan Petkovic/Shutterstock, Facebook screenshot
MOSCOW, Russia — Just two months after the inauguration of a friendly president in neighboring Ukraine, Russia has moved swiftly to solidify its influence in the country, making Kiev's flirtation with the West look like a brief post-Soviet blip.
Today, Ukrainian President Viktor Yanukovych signed into law a deal extending Russia's lease of a naval base in Crimea, Ukraine's autonomous Black Sea region. The contentious deal ensures a Russian naval presence on Ukrainian territory through 2042.
In return for the long-sought-after agreement, Russia offered Ukraine a steep discount on gas imports. Ukraine will now pay 30 percent less for its gas, bringing estimated savings of $40 billion over the next decade, and an estimated $3 billion this year alone.
The savings will be key to salvaging Ukraine's economy, which has been pummeled by the global financial crisis, and to filling budget gaps that have prevented it from appealing to the International Monetary Fund (IMF) for additional aid. (The country took a $16 billion IMF loan in late 2008.)
Yanukovych, long an advocate for close relations with Russia, said during his election campaign that he would seek to balance his country's relations with Russia and the West.
In some areas, his quick moves to soothe ties with Russia may work in the West's favor.
A good relationship between Ukraine and Russia means Europe will likely no longer be subjected to the gas cut-offs that became a hallmark of the presidency of Viktor Yushchenko, Yanukovych's Western-leaning predecessor.
Upon Yushchenko's election in the 2004-2005 “Orange Revolution,” Russia began raising gas prices to Ukraine, cutting subsidies and moving prices closer to those of its European clients. As payments and deadlines for contract renegotiations neared each New Year's Day, the war of words grew more heated. Last year, when Russia shut the taps to Ukraine because of failure to pay, some European countries froze for nearly two weeks. (Europe gets most of its Russian gas from pipelines that cross Ukrainian territory.)
“The deal should be a big relief for Europe,” said Fyodor Lukyanov, the editor of Russia in Global Affairs.
Many Russian analysts also believe that Yanukovych's quick jump eastward means he won't quickly be seeking a membership action plan with the European Union.
During his election campaign, Yanukovych said EU membership would remain a priority for Ukraine but that he would abandon plans to join NATO, a Yushchenko goal that sorely irked Moscow.
“At this point, I cannot imagine Ukrainian membership in NATO or the EU. Ukraine was and still is a big disappointment for those organizations,” said Vyacheslav Nikonov, a Kremlin-connected political analyst.
A Yanukovych decision against pursuing EU membership might just be an acknowledgment of the difficulties such a bid could face, especially as Brussels deals with the Greek debt crisis and its aftermath. Ukraine is hardly financially healthy, with its economy having shrunk 15 percent last year.
Naftogaz Ukrainy, the state gas company, said the gas deal — which included Russia's waiving of penalties for late pay — saved it from bankruptcy. It is owed some $500 million in unpaid bills, even though state subsidies means it sells gas to industries and households at prices well below those it paid to Gazprom in the first place.
What the deal does do is strike a blow at Russia's claim that it has never used its vast energy resources as a coercive weapon.
During each New Year's dispute, Russia went to great pains to describe the tussle as “purely commercial,” despite critics' assertions that Moscow was punishing Kiev for turning its back on its one-time patron.
The price Russia charged Ukraine eventually became punitive. By 2010, Ukraine was paying $330 per thousand cubic meters, while countries like the Czech Republic and Hungary were paying about $300, even though their transport costs were higher.
Ukraine will now pay about $230 per thousand cubic meters, something that energy experts see as closer to the market price it should have been paying from the start. Still, it's being touted by both sides as a significant discount.
“Any price for any commodity includes a commercial, political and geostrategic cost in it,” said Nikonov. “In big deals you cannot distinguish this. Everything is interrelated.”
That's a different tune than the Kremlin was singing during the disputes that led to gas cut-offs in Europe — New Year's 2006, 2008 and 2009. Then, it even summoned the promotion skills of top New York and Brussels public relations firms in order to get its message — that the dispute was a market issue — across. Their favorite tactic was pointing out that even at the height of the Cold War, Russia never cut energy supplies to Europe. Nonetheless, the disputes severely damaged Russia's reputation as a reliable energy supplier.
“This puts politics back at the heart of the Russian-Ukrainian gas relationship,” said a source focusing on energy at an international organization. “While this releases some of the pressure on Ukraine, it doesn't address some of the key Ukrainian gas vulnerabilities.” Inefficient pricing, reliance on Russia's lifting of an export duty (which can be reinstated at any time), and industrial waste all continue to wreak havoc on Ukraine's domestic gas industry and, thus, its economy.
Some Russian analysts say the deal, in exposing Russia's true motivations, will add, rather than subtract, from its credibility with global partners. “For the first time, Russia is very transparent in terms of its intentions,” said Lukyanov.
Speaking to his cabinet last week, Russian Prime Minister Vladimir Putin said as much. The agreement, he said, was “a qualitative breakthrough in bilateral relations.”
“And money is not the key point here at all,” Putin said. “The key thing is ultimately … the relationship of trust, the understanding of common interests and historical goals and the feeling of fellowship.”
Photo Hunter S. Thompson, Rolling Stone writer and author, checks his notes as he listens to testimony during Pulitzer trial in West Palm beach. (Photo: AP photo / Ray Fairall Nov. 4, 1982 )
Louisville will become Gonzoville when a banner depicting famed journalist Hunter S. Thompson is unveiled downtown next month.
The banner, drawn by artist Ralph Steadman, will be unveiled April 5 at Angel's Envy distillery on Main Street as part of GonzoFest, an annual celebration of Thompson's life. The banner will be moved to an undisclosed location downtown after the Kentucky Derby, said Lauren Hendricks, the festival's spokeswoman.
Ron Whitehead, who befriended Thompson in the 1970s and curates the festival, has pushed for the city to honor the “Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas” author, who grew up in Louisville, since he killed himself in 2005.
Steadman befriended Thompson in Louisville while illustrating the author's “The Kentucky Derby is Decadent and Depraved” piece, and sent Whitehead 20 portraits of Thompson last year. The festival's organizers have selected the design, and it will be revealed when the mural is unveiled, Whitehead said.
The festival will be held at different locations downtown from March 31 to April 5. It will include musical acts, art galleries, readings, a parade and a screening of “For No Good Reason,” a documentary on Steadman's life narrated by Johnny Depp.
“This will be the biggest, best, most uplifting and inspiring Hunter S. Thompson celebration in history,” Whitehead said.
Thompson's widow, Anita Thompson, will deliver the festival's keynote address before the banner is unveiled.
The festival's complete schedule can be found here.
Reporter Patrick T. Sullivan can be reached at (502) 582-4335 or on Twitter by following @CJ_PSullivan.
Read or Share this story: http://cjky.it/1fXGihq
As many as 22 people have been killed and over 35 injured in a stampede on a foot-over bridge at the Parel Railway Station, that connects Elphinstone Road and Parel suburban stations.
Heavy rains forced scores of commuters to take shelter at the foot overbridge, who then rushed to board trains, leading to a stampede.
Call these helpline numbers for assistance- 24136051, 24107020, 24131419, Churchgate station- 22039840, Mumbai Central station- 23051665
TOP UPDATES:
Saddened at the loss of lives in Mumbai. Prayers for the injured to recover. Condolences to the families who lost their loved ones, says Mamata Banerjee.
Deeply pained to know about the tragic stampede at Elphinstone station. My thoughts are with the families of the victims, tweets Rahul Gandhi's office.
Shiv Sena leader Sanjay Raut demands an FIR against Ministry of Railways for culpable homicide in the Elphinstone tragedy.
Mumbai Police i.e. the city police will investigate the case, not the railway police.
Accidental Death Report (ADR) registering process has begun by the Mumbai police. Dadar police investigating the matter.
The government has earned a bad name due to such incidents, people are fed up, says former Maharashtra CM Ashok Chavan.
Will bear the cost of treatment for the injured people; those grievously injured to get Rs 1 lakh, while others with minor injuries to get Rs 50,000 ex gratia, says Railways Minister Piyush Goyal.
Ex gratia of Rs 5 lakh to be given by the state government and Rs 5 lakh by the Railways to the families of the deceased people, says Piyush Goyal.
Wherever there is a need for foot over bridges to be widened, we will do it immediately on high priority: Goyal.
"Agreeing to all requests is not always possible due to paucity of finances, operational constraints," said Prabhu in response to Shewale.
In a letter accessed by India Today, Shiv Sena MP Rahul Shewale had written in 2015 to the then Railway Minister Suresh Prabhu demanding to increase the width of the foot-over bridge where the stampede took place.
Shiv Sena MP Rahul Shewale had written in April 2015 to the then railway minister Suresh Prabhu demanding to increase the width of the foot-over bridge where the stampede took place.
Family members of the victims and Shiv Sena workers protest against Railway Minister Pyush Goyal outside KEM hospital.
Congress chief spokesperson Randeep Singh Surjewala has demanded a judicial probe in to the matter, calling it a man-made disaster.
Railway Minister Piyush Goyal reaches KEM Hospital- where the injured people are admitted.
List of people injured in the #MumbaiStampede List of people injured in the #MumbaiStampede
Chief Minister Devendra Fadnavis has said that an enquiry will be conducted by the Government of Maharashtra and the Ministry of Railways. He assured that strict action will be taken to fix the problem.
The government has announced compensation of Rs 5 lakh for the kin of dead, in addition to bearing all medical expenses of the injured.
My heartfelt condolences to the families of the bereaved. I pray for the speedy recovery of the injured persons. - Piyush Goyal (@PiyushGoyal) September 29, 2017
"A probe has been ordered. We are mulling ex-gratia for the relatives of deceased and injured," said MoS Railway Manoj Sinha.
The Prime Minister added that the situation at the Mumbai station is being continuously monitored and assured that Railway Minister Piyush Goyal is ensuring all assistance.
My deepest condolences to all those who have lost their lives due to the stampede in Mumbai. Prayers with those who are injured. - Narendra Modi (@narendramodi) September 29, 2017
A National Disaster Response Force (NDRF) team has reached the site.
NDRF and police personnel at the spot. Photo: ANI NDRF and police personnel at the spot. Photo: ANI
"The reason can only be ascertained after a thorough inquiry," said Western Railway PRO, Nitin David.
Anguished by the loss of lives in the stampede in Mumbai. Condolences to the bereaved families; prayers with injured - #PresidentKovind
- President of India (@rashtrapatibhvn) September 29, 2017
Graphic representation of the #Mumbaistampede Graphic representation of the #Mumbaistampede
Passengers allege that they informed the railway authorities on time but no assistance reached them.
About 15 were declared brought dead, said Dr Pravin Bangar, senior medical officer at the KEM Hospital.
The injured commuters have been rushed to the KEM Hospital and a team of doctors is stationed at the spot.
Some reports also suggest that there was a rumour of the foot-over-bridge falling that prompted the panic rush.
With the rescue operation underway, several people are being treated with first aid at the station itself.
This comes at the day when Railway Minister Piyush Goyal was scheduled to flag off 60 new suburban train services in the city.
A senior police officer said the officials swung into action without any delay on learning about the mishap. "Of the injured, 20 people have suffered serious injuries, rest have minor injuries. Can't comment more right now," said Niket Kaushik, GRP Commissioner.
Thursday was a big day for even the smallest Washington Capitals fans -- the Stanley Cup was on tour in Washington! News4's Carol Maloney caught up with some fans who were able to snap pictures and touch the trophy near the National Mall. The Stanley Cup stopped at various locations throughout the city including the White House, Lincoln Memorial and Farragut Square. One boy described the experience as “mouth dropping.”
EDITOR'S NOTE: We've heard that this schedule is running late, and the tour skipped the 7th Street stop. If you are waiting to see the cup, please be patient!
The NHL playoffs kick off April 12, but fans in Washington, D.C., can get an early look at the iconic Stanley Cup Thursday.
Lord Stanley's Cup will visit six sites in Washington, D.C. The public is encouraged to come to each site.
Here are the locations where you can check it out:
Story highlights A tenth person was arrested in Hong Kong on charges of conspiring to manufacture explosives
Some in the group had links to a radical political group, police say
Student pro-democracy leader Joshua Wong calls the arrests a "farce"
Hong Kong (CNN) Ten people, some with alleged ties to a radical political organization, have been arrested in Hong Kong, accused of conspiring to manufacture explosives, police in the Chinese territory say.
At a news conference Monday, police said they had arrested five men and four women, ranging in age from 21 to 34, whom they described as members of a "local syndicate."
A tenth person, a 58-year-old man, was arrested Monday afternoon at Lo Wu, a border crossing between Hong Kong and Mainland China.
Police said their investigations showed that two men in the group were planning to test the powder of an explosive device. They raided a location in the territory's remote Sai Kung district Sunday evening, where they arrested the pair, seized chemicals and detonated explosives.
Chemicals recovered during a subsequent house search were tested and found to be precursors of TATP, a highly volatile explosive thought to have been used in the 2005 London bombings and other terror attacks.
Read More
Karl Fischer: German chemist (1901–1958). Inventor of a simple system for determining trace water content in anything and everything from petroleum to crostoli (right)
There are some words that are untranslatable. English speakers love the German word schadenfreude. But Italian has words like sprezzatura (artful effortlessness) while Turkish has üsenmek (not having the energy to do something). In English, my favourite is the adjective moreish, an 18th century neologism used to describe a food that one cannot resist eating. And eating. And eating.
At the heart of moreishness is the texture, a quality often overlooked in Western cooking but which, as the food writer Fuchsia Dunlop points out, is central to Chinese cuisine. For the Chinese, crunchy, squishy and glutinous are as fundamental to food as bitter, sweet and sour are to us in the West. And much of the pleasure of crunch proves to be related to the sound, transmitted via our jawbone to the ear; the most moreish of foods are often the loudest. Each of us has our favourite: peanuts, chevda, keropoks, crisps, crostoli, meringues… the list is almost endless.
For the food manufacturer, the key to maintaining crunch is rigorous control of moisture content. So its determination is one of the fundamental analytical procedures in the quality control process. At its heart lies a simple chemical reaction originally discovered by Robert Bunsen, but that was exploited almost a century later by a German chemist working in the petrochemical industry.
Joseph Karl Anton Fischer was born in Pasing, a suburb of Munich, in 1901. A keen experimenter, as a child he had a laboratory in his bedroom where, among other things, he once prepared nitroglycerine. Although it burned satisfyingly, the mixture failed to detonate because his product was heavily contaminated with glycerol.
He was also very keen on microscopy and built his own microtome to prepare thin sections using a razor blade – he was so good that he was able to make a little money for his family during the difficult years of hyperinflation in the 1920s.
He studied at the University of Leipzig and his PhD, awarded in 1925, was on the effect of magnesium oxide on the vulcanisation of rubber. He then went to work in industry, finding a job with the company founded by Lazar Edeleanu, a Romanian organic chemist who first prepared amphetamine as part of his PhD. Edeleanu had invented a process in which liquid sulfur dioxide was used as a solvent to separate aromatic hydrocarbons from the aliphatics. By the time Fischer joined the company, sulfur dioxide refining was spreading across Europe.
It is not clear why Fischer started doing analytical chemistry, but water is a massive problem in the oil industry and its presence can lead to the formation of intractable emulsions. Ernest Dean and David Stark had developed their clever distillation method for breaking the emulsions, but the method only worked for large quantities of water. If the percentage were lower, something more subtle was required. Working for Edeleanu, sulfur dioxide would quite literally have been in the air. What Bunsen had spotted in 1853 was that SO 2 could be oxidised to sulfuric acid by iodine in the presence of water.
SO 2 + I 2 + 2H 2 O ? H 2 SO 4 + 2HI
Adding a suitable base like pyridine or aniline, Fischer found that the equilibrium was driven strongly to the right. In his 1937 paper, Fischer proposed a breathtakingly simple titration using a standard methanolic solution of iodine, sulfur dioxide, and pyridine, where the end point was signalled by the persistence of the brown iodine. Neither Fischer nor his company took out a patent and the method entered the public domain. Although the stoichiometry would be revised two years later, it was widely adopted.
Penningâ€™s gauge harnessed the phenomenon of electrical discharge in gases to measure ultra-low pressure vacuums
But it required a manual titration. In 1959, two electrochemists at the Oak Ridge National Lab, US, reasoned that if iodide could be converted to iodine with 100% current efficiency at a platinum electrode in methanol, just as it was in water, then the total electric charge transferred would be proportional to the amount of water. A two compartment cell was constructed with a platinum gauze electrode to generate the iodine from a depleted Fischer reagent, and the end point detected by the ‘dead stop' method: two identical platinum electrodes were placed a few millimetres and a few millivolts apart. When the water was used up, a current surge between the two signalled the end point.
Robust, extremely sensitive down to ppm levels, automatic and very fast, the coulometric Karl Fischer method for water was soon being marketed as a complete kit, using imidazole in place of the smellier pyridine. Fischer, however, never saw this. After leaving Edeleanu he worked as an itinerant chemist as well as an academic. He died of a heart attack in 1958.
Today the KF titration is applied in every industry where water matters. Everywhere, in other words. When you next crack open a packet of grissini, macadamias or digestive biscuits, don't just think KF. Think of the word ‘crunch' – it isn't as easy to translate as it sounds.
Andrea Sella (@SellaTheChemist) teaches chemistry at University College London, UK
Content Overlord lugiamania 611706 cr points Send Message: F / San Francisco Offline Offline
Permalink Reply Quote Posted 6/30/15 , edited 7/2/15 IMPORTANT LINKS:
$10 AX Badge Discount for Premium+ members: www.crunchyroll.com/ax2015
Crunchyroll Presents: Anamanaguchi And Special Guest Headliner LIVE At Anime Expo 2015!
Complimentary Loge Section Concert Ticket: www.crunchyroll.com/ax2015
Anime Expo Badge Registration: http://www.anime-expo.org/registration/
Crunchyroll Presents Anamaguchi plus Mystery Guest Concert Tickets
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Crunchyroll is bringing Miki Yoshikawa, creator of the successful
Photo by Takahiro Kagawa
Miki Yoshikawa is a Japanese manga author and artist most known for her work on Yamada-Kun. Yoshikawa made her pro manga debut in 2003 with Glory Days, a one-shot in Kodansha's Magazine Special. After a stint as an assistant for Hiro Mashima (Fairy Tail), she published another one-shot, Yankee-kun to Megane-chan, in Shonen Magazine Wonder in 2005. Thanks to its deft comedic touch, Yankee-kun went on to become first a short series and then later Yoshikawa's first long-running series in Weekly Shonen Magazine. It was adapted into a live-action drama in 2010-11.
Yoshikawa's current and best known work is
MIKI YOSHIKAWA'S ANIME EXPO SCHEDULE:
Friday, July 3rd: 3PM-3:30PM - Interview and Q&A on the Crunchyroll stage (booth #1001)!
Friday, July 3rd: 3:30PM-4:30PM - Live drawing on the Crunchyroll stage (booth #1001)!
Saturday, July 4th: 12:15PM-1:15PM - Miki Yoshikawa Panel in panel room LP5 (409AB)!
Saturday, July 4th: 1:45PM-2:45PM - Autograph session in Kentia Hall!
In addition Kodansha Comics will be making available a limited-supply AX 2015 EXCLUSIVE SHIKISHI (signing board) to fans who come by the the Kodansha booth (#324). Details on how to get a Shikishi will be posted at
Crunchyroll will be handing out EXCLUSIVE Yamada-kun and the Seven Witches posters at the Crunchyroll booth all weekend. These posters have an original Yamada-kun drawing done by Miki Yoshikawa! Just stop by our booth (#1001) to pick one up.
INSTRUCTIONS ON GETTING YOUR TICKET TO THE AUTOGRAPH SIGNING - You must have a ticket to attend!
Tickets can be picked up at the Concourse Foyer starting at 8AM on Saturday, and will be distributed on a first-come, first-served basis. Early arrival is highly suggested. The start of the line will be outside of the building, and attendees will be led into the hall just before 8AM.
We are looking forward to making Miki Yoshikawa's first time at Anime Expo the best, see you all there!
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------
ALERT ALERT ALERT~!
The Crunchyroll Store Team will be in attendance at Anime Expo, and will have some VERY SPECIAL ITEMS prepared JUST FOR YOU~!
Coming to Anime Expo ONLY are the following items~!
The Crunchyroll Lucky Bag ~ $40 only and with a confirmed figure in each!!!!
Limited Edition, AX Only ~ Yowamushi Pedal Poster!!! (This is the only time we will be offering this item!!!)
While we have had them before, this is the LAST TIME we'll have the Hatsune Miku x Crunchyroll-Hime Poster available!!
* * * * *
Along with these special deals, we have some exclusive Crunchyroll-Hime t-shirts available by KOKOSAC, the powerhouse artist behind such series as WarioWare and Rhythm Heaven!
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Like we do every year, Crunchyroll is excited to be once again attending July 2 - 5 !
We are working hard to make this an even bigger and more awesome show for all of our fans, and we are so excited for what's going to happen this year!
Stop by our booth located right at the front of the Dealer's Hall at booth #1001 for our live stage with hours of special guests, programming, contests, and livestream action! As usual, we'll also be hosting special screenings and panels, so be sure to stop by and find out what's going on, see some exclusive content, and even win some prizes!
Crunchyroll Panels at Anime Expo 2015 (*Note all times are in Pacific Time)
Day 1 – Thursday, July 2
Exclusive Premiere of Rokka -Braves of the Six Flowers- Episodes 1 AND 2
Time: 12:45PM – 1:45PM
Room: LP3/408AB
Day 3 – Saturday, July 4
Crunchyroll Industry Panel
Time: 11:00AM – 12:00PM
Room: LP3/408AB
Day 3 – Saturday, July 4
Crunchyroll Summer Anime Preview II
Time: 2:45PM – 3:45PM
Room:LP3/408AB
Day 3 – Saturday, July 4
Crunchyroll: Working in the Anime Industry
Time: 7:30PM -8:30PM
Room: LP4/411
Day 4 – Sunday, July 5
Crunchyroll Manga Panel
Time: 12:30PM – 1:30PM
Room: LP6/402AB
CRUNCHYROLL STAGE EVENTS FOR ANIME EXPO
Thursday, July 2nd @ 2:00pm
Crunchyroll Presents ~ Pony Canyon Producer, Shinichi Nakamura and Music Producer, Yoshifumi Yarimizu
Tune in as we get a chance to interview the producer of such shows as Sound! Euphonium & Beyond the Boundary along side the musical genius behind Devils and Relaist, and Yuki Yuna Is a Hero.
Thursday, July 2nd @ 4:45pm
Crunchyroll Presents ~ Singer, Mashiro Ayano
Like Fate/stay night: Unlimited Blade Works? We've got an exclusive interview just for you with the artist who lends her voice to the opening theme of the show!
Friday, July 3rd @ 1:00pm
Crunchyroll Presents ~ Voice Actress, Junko Takeuchi
Make sure to tune in on Friday for a special treat~! We have the voice actress of Naruto available for an interview and Q/A session!!
Friday, July 3rd @ 3:00pm
Crunchyroll Presents ~Mangaka, Miki Yoshikawa
Not only will we have an interview with the creator of Yamada-kun and the Seven Witches, but she will also be doing a live drawing on our stage.
Friday, July 3rd @ 5:00pm
Crunchyroll Presents ~Producer, Nakatsu Tsuda
ORA ORA ORA ORA~!!!! Join us as we get the opportunity to speak with the producer of Jojo's Bizarre Adventure!
Saturday, July 4th @ 11:00am
Crunchyroll Presents ~ Entertainers, Octopimp
Tune in as we say howdy to YouTube personality Octopimp! We're gonna talk anime, games, and have them help us give out the last of our PS4 from the Final Fantasy XIV: Heavensward sleepover~!
Saturday, July 4th @ 12:30pm
Crunchyroll Presents ~ Creators, LeSean Thomas & Thomas Romain
The creative powerhouse behind Cannon Busters will be on the Crunchyroll stage to talk with us about the creative process behind bringing their series to life!
Saturday, July 4th @ 1:30pm
Crunchyroll Presents ~ Band, Anamanaguchi
Didn't get to the concert on Friday night~!? We've got a Q/A with Anamanaguchi just for you!
Saturday, July 4th @ 3:00pm
Crunchyroll Presents ~ Singer, Yoko Takahashi
The artist of 'A Cruel Angel's Thesis' will be making a special appearance on the Crunchyroll stage to do an interview and Q/A session with us!
Sunday, July 5th @ 11:00am
Crunchyroll Presents ~Creators, Eiko Tanaka, Keiji Inafune and Yuto Sano
We have some special guests from Studio 4°C and COMCEPT stopping by to talk about a brand-new project that they're working on~!
Sunday, July 5th @ 1:00pm
Crunchyroll Presents ~ Dance!!!
Our traditional end of con dance party! Tune in and watch us close out Anime Expo with a bang!
Anime Expo 2015 Livestream Times:
Day 1 Thursday, July 2 11:00 am – 6:00 pm
Day 2 Friday, July 3 10:00 am – 6:00 pm
Day 3 Saturday, July 4 10:00 am – 6:00 pm
Day 4 Sunday, July 5 10:00 am – 3:00 pm
special $10 discount on your Anime Expo 2015 badges! For your $10 discount code, please visit
Please note that only one code per account made be claimed!
We have A TON of more exciting news and special events to announce for Anime Expo 2015, so definitely keep your eyes here to Crunchyroll as we continue to announce more news!
We look forward to seeing everyone there~! We look forward to seeing everyone there~! And, for all of our Premium+ members , we are excited to be able to offer aon your Anime Expo 2015 badges! For your $10 discount code, please visit www.crunchyroll.com/ax2015 ! Once your code has been emailed to you, head to Anime Expo's registration site to get your badge: http://www.anime-expo.org/registration/ Please note that only one code per account made be claimed!We have A TON of more exciting news and special events to announce for Anime Expo 2015, so definitely keep your eyes here to Crunchyroll as we continue to announce more news! Day 1 Thursday, July 2 11:00 am – 6:00 pmDay 2 Friday, July 3 10:00 am – 6:00 pmDay 3 Saturday, July 4 10:00 am – 6:00 pmDay 4 Sunday, July 5 10:00 am – 3:00 pm Of course, our livestream will be making an appearance at the booth, so for those of you at home, come and join in on the fun at www.crunchyroll.com/live during the event! Just don't forget to read the Livestream Chat Rules before joining! Tune in as we get a chance to interview the producer of such shows as Sound! Euphonium & Beyond the Boundary along side the musical genius behind Devils and Relaist, and Yuki Yuna Is a Hero.Like Fate/stay night: Unlimited Blade Works? We've got an exclusive interview just for you with the artist who lends her voice to the opening theme of the show!Make sure to tune in on Friday for a special treat~! We have the voice actress of Naruto available for an interview and Q/A session!!Not only will we have an interview with the creator of Yamada-kun and the Seven Witches, but she will also be doing a live drawing on our stage.ORA ORA ORA ORA~!!!! Join us as we get the opportunity to speak with the producer of Jojo's Bizarre Adventure!Tune in as we say howdy to YouTube personality Octopimp! We're gonna talk anime, games, and have them help us give out the last of our PS4 from the Final Fantasy XIV: Heavensward sleepover~!The creative powerhouse behind Cannon Busters will be on the Crunchyroll stage to talk with us about the creative process behind bringing their series to life!Didn't get to the concert on Friday night~!? We've got a Q/A with Anamanaguchi just for you!The artist of 'A Cruel Angel's Thesis' will be making a special appearance on the Crunchyroll stage to do an interview and Q/A session with us!We have some special guests from Studio 4°C and COMCEPT stopping by to talk about a brand-new project that they're working on~!Our traditional end of con dance party! Tune in and watch us close out Anime Expo with a bang! ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------Crunchyroll is bringing Miki Yoshikawa, creator of the successful Yamada-Kun and the Seven Witches manga, to Anime Expo!Yoshikawa's current and best known work is Yamada-kun and the Seven Witches , which started serialization in 2012 and has since sold more than 3 million copies. The manga is currently published by Kodansha Comics in the U.S. It's been adapted into a live-action drama in 2013, and a TV anime in 2015. Both the anime and the manga are currently streaming exclusively on Crunchyroll, where it is one of the site's most popular titles in both formats.In addition Kodansha Comics will be making available a limited-supply AX 2015 EXCLUSIVE SHIKISHI (signing board) to fans who come by the the Kodansha booth. Details on how to get a Shikishi will be posted at kodanshacomics.com Crunchyroll will be handing outYamada-kun and the Seven Witches posters at the Crunchyroll booth all weekend. These posters have andone by Miki Yoshikawa! Just stop by our booth (#1001) to pick one up.We are looking forward to making Miki Yoshikawa's first time at Anime Expo the best, see you all there!----------------------------------------------------------------------------------The Crunchyroll Store Team will be in attendance at Anime Expo, and will have somepreparedComing to Anime Expoare the following items~!The Crunchyroll~ $40 only and with a confirmed figure in each!!!!Limited Edition, AX Only ~ Yowamushi Pedal Poster!!! (This is the only time we will be offering this item!!!)While we have had them before, this is thewe'll have the Hatsune Miku x Crunchyroll-Hime Poster available!!Along with these special deals, we have some exclusive Crunchyroll-Hime t-shirts available by KOKOSAC, the powerhouse artist behind such series asand----------------------------------------------------------------------------------Like we do every year, Crunchyroll is excited to be once again attending Anime Expo 2015 taking place in Los Angeles, California, fromWe are working hard to make this an even bigger and more awesome show for all of our fans, and we are so excited for what's going to happen this year!Stop by our booth located right at the front of the Dealer's Hall atfor our live stage with hours of special guests, programming, contests, and livestream action! As usual, we'll also be hosting special screenings and panels, so be sure to stop by and find out what's going on, see some exclusive content, and even win some prizes!
Very soon, you will begin to hear how the new Northeastern Visitors Center is beyond awesome. And you will think “Oh come on, how cool could it really be?” And, as you are about to find out, the answer is: very. very. cool.
Without further ado, here is the first thing you will see when you approach West Village F, notice the alluring LED light displays diffused through the windows, and open the doors:
For this post, I'm going to assume that most of you saw the above picture and are ignoring this silly text, but for those of you that are sticking with me, you will get to hear about some of the little details that make the Visitor Center great. First off, do you see the fellow on the right the iPad in his hands? He is one of the greeters with iPads like you find at the Genius Bar at an Apple Store, which they use to check you in for your appointments and tours.
And what might you do after you are checked in? Well, feel free to ogle over what is probably the sweetest piece of technology here at Northeastern, the huge interactive touch screens.
If after playing around with these neat pieces of technology you feel the need to sit down and take it all in (and maybe offer a moment of silence to the “Engineering Stargate” and the Curry flat screens for no longer being the hottest thing around anymore), have a seat in the swanky waiting area.
The Visitor Center has been getting some rave reviews, which it completely deserves, so be sure to check it out for yourself! In the meantime, here are some more pictures:
Advertisements
Flickr / Aina Vidal
The INSIDER Summary:
• MoveHub, a company that helps people relocate abroad, created these nifty maps of country's second languages.• While English is popular, French and Russian beat out Spanish as a second language.• While the US, UK, Canada, and Australia all speak English as a first language, they each have a different second language that is most commonly spoken.
Thinking of moving abroad?
While you probably speak some Spanish — the most common second language for most Americans — you may be hoping that your next residence is in a place where most people speak English.
While English is in fact the most popular second language (44 countries primarily learn English as a second language), the following maps, created by MoveHub, a company that helps people relocate abroad, show just how diverse the world still is.
These maps demonstrate the vestiges of influence from colonization and imperialism, and how these shaped cultural identities.
For example, the US' second language is Spanish, while Canada's is French, the UK's is Polish, and Australia's is Mandarin.
Keep scrolling to see what is spoken where.
Justin Houston's four sacks against the Chargers in week 17 gave him the NFL lead in sacks in 2014 and put his season total at 22, just a half sack short of the NFL's single season record. The numbers say he had one of the best pass rushing seasons of all time, and the tape on the field backs it up. This article will look at Houston facing off against the Chargers' pass blockers, primarily second year RT DJ Fluker.
In the game, Houston (#50 for the Chiefs) used three primary pass rushing techniques to great effect. Of the 36 pass rushes he had on the day, I counted 21 where I would say he beat the offensive tackle. Most of the other ones he simply didn't have enough time to make an impact before the throw came out. He rarely gets stonewalled, which is a great trait. The caveat is that he was facing off against DJ Fluker, who is a mauler in the run game but a poor pass blocker. In fact, as I was preparing this article the news broke that the Chargers are going to move Fluker inside to guard next season, with the reason being that he does not pass block well, particularly against speed rushes.
With that said, let's get to the tape and watch what Houston does well.
3-3-SD 38 (13:15) (No Huddle, Shotgun) P.Rivers pass incomplete short right to D.Inman (J.Houston).
This is the first pass play that the Chargers run, and Houston makes an immediate impact. What Houston does on this play is set Fluker up on the outside, then bull rush and rip back towards the inside. Rivers gets the pass off quickly, so while Houston beat Fluker pretty badly he did not get a chance to get a pressure. However, Houston gets his hands up when he sees Rivers throwing, and because he got the better of Fluker he is directly in Rivers' throwing lane and knocked the pass down.
2-20-SD 12 (7:23) (No Huddle, Shotgun) P.Rivers sacked at SD 6 for -6 yards (J.Houston).
This play was Justin Houston's first sack of the day. What you see here is his explosion, as he's able to just run a circle around Fluker, and get an arm on Rivers. The pocket really collapsed from all sides, but Houston grabbed Rivers first and brought him to the ground. Houston isn't generally a speed rusher — he prefers to bull rush and rip towards the inside, which you'll see on the next play — but he has the full skill set as a pass rusher and will certainly take advantage of his opportunities to speed rush. It helps that Fluker is not very fast out of his stance as well.
3-8-SD 35 (2:11) (No Huddle, Shotgun) P.Rivers sacked at SD 29 for -6 yards (J.Houston).
While this play and the last play were separated by 5 minutes of game time, they were actually on consecutive dropbacks for Rivers because the Chargers ran the ball four times in between. So, while it didn't occur on back-to-back plays, this was actually two sacks in a row for Houston. And, we can see the influence that his previous pass rush had on this sack. If you ask me, this is his most impressive pass rush of the game. Let's look at a few stills:
http://i.imgur.com/vaA5dxS.png
The Chargers help Fluker out here by chipping Houston with Malcolm Floyd before he goes out on his route. This is to force Houston back towards the inside and prevent his speed rush.
http://i.imgur.com/22ABelL.png
Here we see that the chip hasn't really worked, because Houston was still able to get to the outside on Fluker. Fluker is in a better position than he was on the last play, but he's still moving backwards to try to catch up to Houston. Something that's also important is that Houston's leverage will force Rivers to step up in the pocket.
http://i.imgur.com/lUP5khW.png
In this frame we see Houston first get extension away from Fluker so he's harder to block, and also get low so he has leverage on Fluker. Leverage is extremely important for pass rushers, and it's something Fluker struggles with.
http://i.imgur.com/t6Dy1gH.png
Because he gained leverage on Fluker, Houston can basically force him to do what he wants. In this case, Houston rips against Fluker's body, rushing back inside to get the sack. This show's off Houston's incredible strength, because he's moving a 320 pound man at will.
Overall this play is extremely impressive from Houston. He uses his previous success to set up Fluker overcompensating for the outside rush, then he gains leverage and uses that to get back towards the inside for the sack.
1-10-SD 17 (11:35) (No Huddle, Shotgun) P.Rivers sacked at SD 14 for -3 yards (J.Houston). FUMBLES (J.Houston), RECOVERED by KC-J.Mays at SD 17.
A big aspect online play on either side of the ball in hand fighting. Offensive and defensive linemen are pretty much in full hand-to-hand combat on every play (with open hands). On this play Houston shows off his hand fighting skills, and gets the better of Fluker once again. The following two images are consecutive frames in the gif:
http://i.imgur.com/ISNucXe.png
http://i.imgur.com/EDuoaYs.png
What Houston was able to do was completely knock Fluker's hands off of him. This is not easy to do, but as soon as Houston does this, he's won the battle because Fluker is now off balance and he's lost all leverage.
http://i.imgur.com/YnTscZY.png
In this image, Fluker is trying to get back into position after getting his hands knocked off, but Houston simply has better leverage and ends up knocking Fluker back towards the end zone. From here, he gets to Rivers and eventually rips the ball out for a forced fumble which the Chiefs recovered. All of that was possible because he won with his hands in the trenches.
3-20-SD 19 (6:56) (Shotgun) P.Rivers pass short right to D.Brown to SD 27 for 8 yards (J.Fleming).
This just another impressive display of Houston's strength. He doesn't make the play; in fact he never disengages from Fluker. However, he forces Fluker in the direction he wants to go (at first towards the QB, then towards the RB on the screen pass). Fluker does a decent job keeping himself between Houston and his target, but he's just being overpowered otherwise.
2-12-KC 38 (1:27) (No Huddle, Shotgun) P.Rivers pass incomplete short left to D.Inman (S.Smith). PENALTY on SD-K.Dunlap, Offensive Holding, 10 yards, enforced at KC 38 – No Play.
While this isn't a sack, it's almost as good as one because Houston drew a holding penalty from LT King Dunlap. Houston's strongest move is his bull rush, and he shows it here. He knocks the massive Dunlap (6'9″, 330 pounds) back on his heels and then rips toward the inside again. Dunlap is thoroughly beaten and graps Houston out of desparation.
2-10-KC 29 (1:10) (Shotgun) P.Rivers sacked at KC 38 for -9 yards (J.Houston).
This is Houston's fourth and final sack of the day, and it's a great effort play. He doesn't relly beat the offensive lineman, but the Chiefs are playing conservatively because the Chargers are in desparation mode, down by 12 with just over a minute left. The Chargers do a good job on Houston initially, but Rivers holds on to the ball because there is nothing open downfield. Houston eventually becomes free, and he then makes a beeline for Rivers and takes him down for the sack. Houston's effort is part of what makes him a great pass rusher, and it would be disrespectful not to acknowledge it.
While Houston is best bull rushing, he displays the total package as an edge rusher, as he has the speed to turn the corner but also the power to rush towards the inside. He understands leverage well, and is a strong hand fighter. He is the total package, and all of those skills were on display as he gunned for Michael Strahan's sack record in the final week of the 2014 football season. He fell just short, but he might not have if DJ Fluker didn't hold him pretty blatantly on a few plays that went uncalled. Still, while it won't go in the record books, his season should be remembered as one of the best pass rushing seasons of all time, and Houston very well might be the most dominant edge rusher in the game today.
While those are all of the plays I'm going to break down, I also made gifs of the plays that I considered a “win” for Houston. I've broken them down into categories, and you can see them on the next page.
A Las Vegas rally for Republican presidential hopeful Donald Trump turned ugly Monday night, the eve of a Republican presidential debate, after multiple protesters interrupted the candidate's speech.
According to reporters at the event, held at the Westgate Las Vegas Resort and Casino, protesters clashed with security guards as they were escorted from the room. Some of the protesters appeared to be Black Lives Matter activists and gun control supporters.
At one point, as security guards attempted to remove a black man from the rally, an attendee said, “Light the motherfucker on fire!”
And about ten minutes into the Trump rally, this happens. pic.twitter.com/65pXHjsJ3x — McKay Coppins (@mckaycoppins) December 15, 2015
More color from MSNBC's Benjy Sarlin:
Things shouted as Black Lives Matter protestor dragged away at Trump rally: "Kick his ass!" "Shoot him!" "Bitch!" "Sieg Heil!" — Benjy Sarlin (@BenjySarlin) December 15, 2015
This isn't the first time a rally for Trump has turned ugly. A black protester was hit, kicked and pushed to the ground at a rally in Alabama last month.
During his speech, which lasted for more than an hour and was generally well received by a large crowd, Trump basked in the glory of new polling data showing him advancing his lead over his rivals for the GOP nomination. He said he was going to win in Iowa and do so "big" in New Hampshire, promising he would "never be a politician."
“This is not going to be a waste of anybody's time,” Trump said of his campaign.
Of his surging rival, Sen. Ted Cruz (R-Texas), who appears poised to overtake Trump in Iowa, the businessman had only pleasantries.
“I like Cruz, he's a good guy," Trump said.
Trump criticized politicians for being beholden to well-funded super PACs.
“The super PACs totally control the candidate,” he said. “That's what sick about the system."
Most of his derision, however, was centered on the press, which was penned in a holding area near the back of the room.
"I staged that," Trump said at one point, as security guards escorted a protester out of the event. "It was the only way I could get the cameras to pan the crowd."
He misstepped near the end of the speech, when he urged residents of Nevada, which holds caucuses, to vote in a primary.
"When you have your primary, go out and vote please!" Trump said, garnering cheers and applause.
Also on HuffPost:
Man who found missing Minnesota girl gives $7G reward to her
By ,
A Minnesota farmer was presented with a $7,000 reward for finding a missing teenage girl — and then just moments later gave the money to the girl, who was a captive of three men for a month.
Earl Melchert, 65, of Barrett, turned the reward money over to the girl Friday at police headquarters.
“Today we witnessed an incredible example of kindness,” Alexandria Police Chief Rick Wyffels said on Facebook.
The 15-year-old girl was abducted from her home on Aug. 8 in Alexandria, Minn., and taken to an abandoned house where she was physically and sexually assaulted.
Fox News does not name alleged victims of sexual assault without their consent.
Fox 9 Minneapolis reported that the girl escaped Sept. 5 by swimming across a lake. Melchert found her when she came running toward him.
Her family posted the reward money seeking information about her whereabouts along with an anonymous donor.
“What no one expected was the kindness and generosity that came straight from Earl's heart today,” Wylie said on Facebook. “He believes that young lady that came running towards him that September day is the real hero, and without hesitation, Earl handed the reward over to her, followed by a big hug.”
“Thank you Earl, it is people like you that make this world a better place,” the chief said.
Melchert told the Twin Cities Pioneer Press that he was in the right place at the right time.
“I did what I had to do,” he said.
The girl's mother said she had been waiting to meet Melchert.
“He's really a hero for us,” the woman said, according to the paper. “We wanted to thank him. ... He didn't have to help her and he did. He risked a lot of things and put himself in danger.”
The three suspects include a friend of the girl's family who lured her from her home.
They each have been charged with kidnapping, criminal sexual conduct, assault and false imprisonment.
Click for more from Fox 9 Minneapolis.
URL
https://www.foxnews.com/us/man-who-found-missing-minnesota-girl-gives-7g-reward-to-her
By By Hailey Dilman Mar 29, 2011 in Politics Jerusalem - The Israeli Knesset passes a law which gives the Supreme Court the power to take away Israeli citizenship of those found guilty of terrorism or espionage. The law is accused at being aimed towards Israeli Arabs, many who are dual citizens, to both Israel and Jordan, and are accused of duel loyalty, to Israel and Palestine. The law can only take away Israeli citizenship from those who hold are duel citizenship. However, if the accused holds only Israeli citizenship, he may be stripped to foreign worker status. MK Rotem praised the law, "There is no citizenship without loyalty". Foreign Minister and Yisrael Beiteinu Chairman Avigdor Lieberman welcomed the law, explaining how it contends with "the phenomenon of exploiting democracy in order to subvert it". However, Arab MKs have decried the law, citing both racism and a step towards fascism. Hadash Chairman MK Mohammad Barakeh accused the law of "leading the State of Israel towards Fascism." Further, the Shin Bet, the Israeli Security Agency, has opposed the bill, pushing some to believe the law is more political and less security oriented. Meretz MK Nitzan Horowitz said: "In light of the Shin Bet's position, it is impossible to hide behind the security excuse for this law." "The real plan behind the bill is to create an air of fear and threat among the Arab population." The law is passed within the context of a larger debate in Israel about Israeli Arabs. What does it mean to be a loyal citizen to a country that many ideologically oppose. Avigdor Lieberman ran in the last election on a campaign of "no loyalty, no citizenship". His political Late on Monday night the Israeli government passed a law that allows for the Supreme Court to revoke Israeli citizenship from those accused of terrorism or espionage against the State of Israel, Haaretz reported today. The law, which was initiated by MK David Rotem and Robert IIatov, passed with 37 Knesset members voting for , and 11 opposed. The law would allow the Supreme Court to “revoke citizenship, in addition to issuing prison sentences, against people who are convicted of treason, serious treason, aiding the enemy in a time of war, or having committed terror against the state.” The law is supposed to to encourage loyalty and respect for Israel, and to avoid those who reap the benefits of citizenship while terrorizing or betraying the state to it's enemies.The law is accused at being aimed towards Israeli Arabs, many who are dual citizens, to both Israel and Jordan, and are accused of duel loyalty, to Israel and Palestine. The law can only take away Israeli citizenship from those who hold are duel citizenship. However, if the accused holds only Israeli citizenship, he may be stripped to foreign worker status.MK Rotem praised the law, "There is no citizenship without loyalty". Foreign Minister and Yisrael Beiteinu Chairman Avigdor Lieberman welcomed the law, explaining how it contends with "the phenomenon of exploiting democracy in order to subvert it".However, Arab MKs have decried the law, citing both racism and a step towards fascism. Hadash Chairman MK Mohammad Barakeh accused the law of "leading the State of Israel towards Fascism." Further, the Shin Bet, the Israeli Security Agency, has opposed the bill, pushing some to believe the law is more political and less security oriented. Meretz MK Nitzan Horowitz said: "In light of the Shin Bet's position, it is impossible to hide behind the security excuse for this law." "The real plan behind the bill is to create an air of fear and threat among the Arab population."The law is passed within the context of a larger debate in Israel about Israeli Arabs. What does it mean to be a loyal citizen to a country that many ideologically oppose. Avigdor Lieberman ran in the last election on a campaign of "no loyalty, no citizenship". His political platform argued that citizens have a responsibility of loyalty to Israel. Initially, Yisrael Beitenu wanted to pass the controversial loyalty oath which would require citizens to pledge alligence to both a democratic and Jewish state. This oath was met with harsh criticism, internationally and inside Israel. More about Israel, Loyalty law, Terrorism, Espionage More news from Israel Loyalty law Terrorism Espionage
Thale/MZ -
„Die Idee stammt von Maik Zedschack, unserem Marketingleiter, und wir haben Ja gesagt“, erinnert sich Pamela Groll, die Chefin der Seilbahnen Thale GmbH. Unterdessen läuft der farbenfrohe Film „Seilbahnen Thale Erlebniswelten“ an den Berg- und Talstationen, auf dem Youtube-Kanal und bei Werbeveranstaltungen zwischen Hamburg und Sachsen sowie auf diversen Reisemessen.
Ganze 2 Minuten und 44 Sekunden ist der Streifen lang. „Da ist die Chance groß, dass er auch bis zum Ende geschaut wird“, meint Maik Zedschack. „Die Leute wollen unterdessen mehr als Wandern, Natur und Ruhe. Sie suchen Tag für Tag die Vielfalt. Die offeriert ihnen der Film.“ Schließlich sei der Harz gerade dabei, sich neu aufzustellen. Damit werde zudem eine jüngere Zielgruppe für den Harztourismus gewonnen. Groll wollte einen knackigen Film, „keinen halbherzigen Mittelweg für alle“.
Den Streifen, den Thomas Kernbach, Andreas Schubert und Marcus Ahrens vom Regionalfernsehen Harz (RFH) für die Seilbahnen Thale Erlebniswelten produziert haben, sahen unterdessen auch die Mitglieder der Jury des Deutschen Regionalfernsehpreises „Regiostar“. Sie ehrten vor wenigen Tagen den Film in der Kategorie „Zuschauerfernsehpreis“. Über den Preis, mit dem Fernsehmacher aus ganz Deutschland für herausragende Leistungen im Lokal- und Regionalfernsehen ausgezeichnet werden, freut sich der Sender nach 2006 bereits zum zweiten Mal.
Social Media Study Identifies Mental Health Culture at Top-Ranked Campuses
Students at private, expensive universities exhibit better mental health than public school peers
Click image to enlarge Munmun De Choudhury is an assistant professor in the School of Interactive Computing. Download Image
Using information gleaned from social media, researchers from the Georgia Institute of Technology have created a mental health index for the nation's highest-ranked colleges and universities. Their study looked at five years of data on Reddit, scanning it for comments about issues that included depression, financial and academic anxiety and thoughts of suicide. Schools were given a score based on the frequency of those threads and robustness of the conversations.
The research found that students at higher-ranked schools have better mental health than those at lower-ranked colleges. The well-being index is also better at universities with higher tuition. It's lower at large public schools with a majority of female students.
The study doesn't identify schools individually for privacy reasons.
“Online conversations about mental health issues are definitely increasing,” said Munmun De Choudhury, Georgia Tech's assistant professor, from the School of Interactive Computing, who led the study. “We saw it rise 16 percent from 2011 to 2015, even after we took into account that Reddit has become more popular in recent years.”
The study focused on the top 150 universities as ranked by U.S. News & World Report, gathering data from the 109 of them with active Reddit accounts.
De Choudhury suggests that the reason there are fewer posts about tuition anxiety at more expensive colleges is because their students tend to be more affluent than the average public school attendee. Therefore, the stresses of paying for college or going into debt aren't as great. De Choudhury also thinks that the wider variety of backgrounds at large public schools likely lends itself to a more robust sharing of stress and anxiety issues.
“As for more posts about mental health at universities with more females, I don't think it's necessarily because women have more anxiety,” De Choudhury said. “Research has traditionally shown that females are more likely to express their emotions and feelings whether in an offline setting or social media. It's not that they have poorer mental health — it's that they're more likely to talk about their troubles while online.”
The study also found an overall increase in mental health posts as the academic year progressed. It peaked in the fall in November and was even higher in May. It gradually decreased each summer.
The Georgia Tech team used a method called transfer learning to mine the data. First, they created a model to scan subreddit threads about depression, bipolar disorder and other issues to learn patterns of what is written when people discuss mental health. Then the model was used on the higher education subreddit communities.
The algorithm scanned the five years of discussions, day by day, looking for clues. Once it found keywords and phrases, it measured the breadth of the conversations. The more frequent the posts and depths of the discussions, the lower the respective mental health indexes.
Overall, three percent of the threads on the 109 sites were about mental health topics.
De Choudhury has previously done similar social media research to help identify expressions of eating disorders, postpartum depression and suicide.
“I've always wondered if there are things about college students and mental health that we could learn by using these same social media research tactics,” De Choudhury said. “We wanted to see if we could do something more collectively at the campus level before digging deeper to understand the challenges individuals might be facing. Perhaps this data can be used to help campus administrators as they create policies in real-time to benefit student bodies dealing with stress and anxieties.”
The paper, “A Social Media-Based Index of Mental Well-Being in College Campuses,” was presented this month at the 2017 ACM Conference on Human Factors in Computing Systems (CHI 2017) in Denver.
The study is partially supported by the National Institutes of Health (grant number 1R01GM11269701). Any opinions, findings and conclusions or recommendations expressed in this material are those of the authors and do not necessarily reflect the views of the sponsor.
Corpse disposal was much on the minds of the Walking Dead characters in last night's episode, “Wildfire,” following the campfire massacre of the preceding week. The show's simple, but contentious, conundrum? What to do with the bodies of loved ones that could turn into zombies who love the taste of bodies?
The answers were varied. While Andrea took a heartbroken age to shoot Amy, Norman Reedus' Daryl wasted no time pickaxeing in the head any corpse that moved, or at least looked like it might do so. Meanwhile, poor Jim was left to zombie-ficate by the side of the road as the rest of the diminished band of survivors headed off to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (which, as I've noted elsewhere, really seems to have been sleeping on the job with regard to both control and prevention. I will be extremely disappointed if Noah Emmerich's CDC scientist gets a bonus this Christmas).
Who can we blame for all this cruel and bloody mayhem? Well, we can start with Robert Kirkman, who is a writer and executive producer on the show and also pens the still ongoing Walking Dead comic book (the thirteenth collected volume, Too Far Gone, has just hit stores). After the jump, the scribe answers our questions about last night's episode, teases next week's season finale, and ruminates on the possibility that coming back to life as a member of the drooling undead may actually be “awesome.”
ENTERTAINMENT WEEKLY: First of all, congratulations on The Walking Dead making the cover of this week's EW.
ROBERT KIRKMAN: I've got to say — not to kiss your magazine's a– or anything — but when they called me and said Frank [Darabont, Walking Dead exec producer] wanted to do the show, I was like, “Yeah, I'll believe it when I see it.” And then when AMC was like, “We're picking up the show,” I was like, “Yeah, alright, whatever.” When they actually started shooting the pilot I was like, “Well, this is kind of real, this is neat.” But when they called me and said, “Your show's on the cover of Entertainment Weekly,” I think that was the first time I was like, “Oh my god, I can't believe this is happening to me!“
Of course, you'll really know you've made it in showbiz when we start complaining about the poor quality of the second season.
No, we're going to be awesome! [Laughs]
Moving on to episode five, does it make me a bad person that I could watch Norman Reedus swing a pickaxe into dead people's skulls all day long?
I just think it makes you a human being. [Laughs] Honestly, his character is one of my favorites on the show and it p—es me off that I can't go back in time and put him in the comic.
Image Credit: Scott Garfield/AMCI found the whole sequence in which Andrea waited for Amy to return as a zombie both incredibly emotional and utterly nerve-shredding. To be honest, I was just sitting there going, “Shoot her! Shoot her!!!”
It was honestly one of my favorite scenes of the show so far. Glen Mazzara, who wrote that episode, did an amazing job hyping the tension up. Laurie Holden did a great job and then Emma doing her zombie transformation — it was really cool.
Another memorable moment was when Carol made sure that hubbie Ed wasn't going to be coming back from the dead to abuse her some more.
That scene where she goes a little crazy on his corpse was another great thing that Frank suggested. In the comic book series, it was mentioned that Carol's husband Ed died by getting killed by zombies and that he was abusive to her and she felt guilty because she was actually happy when he died. But it was never shown. That was another thing Frank was able to pull from the comic book series and expand.
There was lots of talk in the episode concerning what to do with the bodies of the dead. That seems to be at the very heart of what you've always said you intended The Walking Dead to be about, which is how you hold on to your humanity in such a terrible situation.
Yeah. I agree.
Image Credit: Scott Garfield/AMCHaving said which, I'm definitely with Daryl about needing to deal with the threat of people coming back as zombies as quickly as possible. If it was you and me in an undead apocalypse and you even got a sniffle of a cold, I would shoot you immediately, just in case.
Well, I think that means you're a bad person. No, I really like these scenes. You know, Glenn coming out and yelling like he did — I like that we're starting to see these characters transform and to a certain extent growing into the characters they [become] in the comic book series. I can't wait to see more of it.
Although I assume Glenn is still carrying around Merle's severed hand in his backpack.
That thing will pop up when you least expect it. He'll go, “Pork and beans? Oh, I have a can of pork of beans right here in my bag. Let me get that out of there… Arrrgh! There's a severed hand still in there!!!”
Speaking of Michael Rooker's still missing Merle, some of our commenters have made the suggestion that he will become The Governor, who is the most memorable villain to be featured in the comic book. Without giving too much away, it would be a somewhat appropriate development, given Merle's dismemberment.
It did seem to be an implication from the way the story was told. But I will say that maybe that's a little misdirection. Who knows what to expect in the coming years of this television show?
Well, you do, I'm guessing!
You'll just have to stay tuned. Note my cagey responses.
Image Credit: Scott Garfield/AMCThe whole CDC plot line hints at the possibility that we will find out why the dead have risen, which is something you've never explained in your comic book. Why did you decide to avoid that topic?
It occurred to me that, if this were to happen to real people, then real people wouldn't be concerned with why it's happening and how to fix it. They would just be concerned with finding food and surviving from day to day. But Frank Darabont said, “We're in Atlanta and the CDC is based in Atlanta. Why wouldn't they at least pop by?” And I said, “Huh?” Because I don't know where the hell the CDC is stationed. I don't watch the news a lot. I mean, sometimes. But they're not talking about the CDC mostly. It's always about, you know, who Britney Spears wrecked her car into. But when Frank brought it up, I said it was a really good idea. I like that we are diverging from the comic book here and there. For anyone that that terrifies, all I would say is, “We're always going back onto the path.” Frank has always maintained that the comic book is a path but we're not stuck on it. If a story idea comes up, we'll leave the path for an episode or two, but we'll always come back to it. I'm sure there are going to be some people out there that are like, “The CDC? What the heck? This isn't in my comic book. This is no good!” And all I would say to those people is, “Calm down.”
George Romero's undead films rarely concern themselves with the reason why the dead have come to life, except for some speculation about the apocalypse being connected to a returning satellite in Night of the Living Dead. Personally, as a die hard zombie fan, I am totally open to the idea that one day the dead will just get up and try to eat me for no reason whatsoever. I'm surprised it hasn't happened already. But do you worry that — partly because of Lost — there may be a lot of newcomers to the genre who assume the show is really all about “Why did this happen?” and “How can we fix it?”
I think you're right. I think there are some viewers out there who think this is something that will be dealt with and that it is a mystery that will probably run though the show. And all I can say is, as we move on, we will either answer those questions to satisfy those viewers, or we will make it clear to those viewers that those are not questions that we are ever going to answer, and that's not really what this show is about.
I have mixed feelings about so much that happens on The Walking Dead, which is actually one of the great things about the show. But I have particularly mixed feelings about the characters leaving Jim to turn into a zombie. I would be like, “Yeah, sure, we'll do that, Jim.” Then I'd blow his brains out from behind.
Honestly, I would have security escort you out of the building if I worked for EW. You are terrifying me. You have pointed out how you want to shoot people about four times in the last two minutes. I don't get how you live in normal society. Anyway, that's something from the comic. The thing that I was thinking about when I was writing that is, “There's death, which is this unknown. But you've seen zombies walking around, and that is some form of living.” I had never seen someone in a zombie movie just say, “No, no, no, I'll take the zombie thing.” To me, it's like, “How do you know that you're not in rainbow land and everybody looks like cupcakes when you're a zombie?” Like, it might be awesome to be a zombie. Who knows?
Maybe they only do that whole shambling-bitey-“Uuurgh!” thing when living people are around. Maybe when living people aren't around, they go bowling or stock car racing or whatever.
[Laughs] It's true, man. If a zombie… I'm trying to figure out some way to adapt the “If a tree falls in the woods does it make a sound?” to zombies, but I'm not going to be able to pull that off. So let's just let the readers adjust that analogy accordingly.
Okay, just tell us one thing about next week's finale.
Let me think, let me think. I believe some wine is drunk.
Image Credit: Scott Garfield/AMCThat's really all you're going to give us?
Well, if you've been watching the show, you'll know there's a lot going on between Rick and Shane and Lori. I think if you're interested to see how that love triangle is going to progress, you might want to make sure you tune in for the last episode of this season. So that's good. And then I think someone takes a shower.
Is it a lady person?
[Laughs] Yes.
By the way, I like the optimism you showed in saying “If you've been watching the show…,” as if there are honestly going to people reading the end of a Q&A with the writer of the Walking Dead who aren't watching show.
You never know. There could be people who don't even own televisions that are like, “I get all my enjoyment from reading interviews online. This show seems do be going well and it does sound interesting. But I've got a strict rule on not watching television so I'm never going to tune into this!”
What did you think of last night's episode? Do you care if we never find out why the zombie apocalypse has occurred? Would you like to see Michael Rooker return as the Governor? And who — if anyone — do you think is going to die in the finale?
More about The Walking Dead:
‘The Walking Dead': Let's meet our zombie cover stars!
‘The Walking Dead': This week's EW cover story goes behind the scenes on TV's best new show
‘Night of the Living Dead': How a 42-year-old zombie movie refuses to die
‘The Walking Dead' recap: The Sound, The Fury, and the Zombies
‘Walking Dead' creator Robert Kirkman talks sbout last night's episode, ‘Vatos'
Hidebochi has run an udon shop for 32 years and worked as a "weekend carpenter" for 52 years. But this summer, the 59-year-old undertook a different sort of construction. He decided to make Totoro for his grandchildren who just moved from Vancouver, Canada to live with him in Mihama, Mie Prefecture, Japan.
Like the young protagonists in Studio Ghibli's 1988 film Totoro, Hidebochi's granddaughters moved far from the world they knew to a new home in the country. 6-year-old Ringo and 3-year-old Mei, who shares a name with one of the stars of Hayao Miyazaki's classic anime, were born in Canada. Hidebochi started his project to ease the sisters' transition and help prevent them from saying, "I want to go back to Vancouver!"
Hidebochi decided to recreate the rain scene from Totoro. In the film, Totoro receives an umbrella from Satsuki as they wait at a bus stop.
Hidebochi's life-size Totoro stands three meters (about 10 feet) tall. The crafty grandfather constructed his Totoro from materials like water pipes, wood, and rugs. A concrete block keeps Totoro secure in front of the Teuchi Udon Ōishi-ka shop. A camera in Totoro's nose lets Hidebochi's family know when visitors come to meet the iconic character. Totoro can play music from the film when people visit him.
Totoro waits next to the Kōshiyama Eki Mae catbus stop near the Kōshiyama train station in Mihama. Visitors who want to ride the catbus may be out of luck because it only comes at night from about midnight to 5:00 a.m., according to Hidebochi's catbus stop sign.
People who want to meet Totoro can visit him on sunny days until 5:30 p.m. On rainy days, he hides under a plastic tarp because Satsuki's umbrella never was big enough. Anyone is invited to take their picture with Totoro. However, a notice on a donation box next to Totoro requests that people who take pictures donate 100 yen (about US$1) to help cover maintenance costs.
Hidebochi placed Totoro so that Ringo and Mei can always see him from their room above the udon shop. At the end of Hidebochi's video showing the making of his creation, the girls recreate the scene from the film. If their smiling faces are any indication, they've grown happy in their new home just like Satsuki and Mei.
Before his granddaughters inspired the Totoro project, Hidebochi made a rideable Thomas the Tank Engine in 2012. He gave rides to local children at a nursery school.
The students' union of City University in London last night passed a motion apparently seeking to ban The Sun, Daily Mail and Express newspaper titles from the campus.
The motion was passed at the union's annual general meeting.
City University has one of the biggest journalism departments in the UK with a variety of post graduate and undergraduate journalism courses available.
It is unclear what the impact of the motion will be as Press Gazette understands there are no retail outlets for newspapers on the campus.
The resolution states that there is “no place for the Sun, Daily Mail or Express (In their current form) on City, University of London campuses or properties”.
It says the Union should also “use the University's industry contacts to reach out to employees and shareholders of the media outlets in question”. And it states it should “provide the resources and meeting space needed to organise direct action, online and social media campaigns”.
One City University undergraduate, Jack Fenwick, told Press Gazette: “As a journalism student I'm really worried that I'm now a member of an organisation whose official policy is to ban national newspapers.
“If people don't agree with these publications, they should be holding debates, not pretending they don't exist. I have already emailed the chief executive of the Students' Union asking to opt out of my membership with them as I'm simply not comfortable being part of a group that holds such views.”
Head of journalism at City University Professor Suzanne Franks said: “City's Department of Journalism is regarded as a leader in its field, with an unrivalled record of helping graduates secure attractive employment in both traditional and emerging journalist roles.
“We combine professional skills training with a concern for professional standards and the importance of fair, impartial and ethical reporting is at the heart of our courses.
“Students on our journalism courses value being able to access the views of publications and broadcasters across the industry and the department will continue to enable all these opportunities.”
The motion passed last night was headed: “Opposing Facism [sic] & Social Divisiveness in the UK Media”.
It states: “The motion focuses on three UK newspapers. This does not exclude other media organisations from this motion. These were merely used as high profile examples.”
And it reads as follows:
This Union Notes:
The Daily Mail, The Sun and the Express have published stories that demonise refugees and minorities (Further evidence available).
http://www.dailymail.co.uk/debate/article-3915206/How-Somme-s-boy-soldiers-shame-today-s-child-migrants-writes-RICHARD-LITTLEJOHN.html
The Express and Daily Mail called 3 high court judges enemies of the people, mirroring Nazi propaganda and undermining the rule of law in the UK.
http://uk.businessinsider.com/brexit-high-court-article-50-judges-mail-express-front-page-2016-11
The Sun took 23 years to apologise for its role in the Hillsborough Disaster and still refuses to apologise for its demonising of miners at the Battle of Orgreave.
The Sun, Express and Daily Mail have posted Islamophobiac stories:
https://www.google.co.uk/search?q=islamophobia+The+sun&espv=2&biw=1275&bih=583&tbm=isch&tbo=u&source=univ&sa=X&ved=0ahUKEwjYuriF157QAhXGD8AKHSqUBEMQsAQILA
http://www.huffingtonpost.co.uk/2014/10/08/the-sun-front-page-isis_n_5950800.html
This Union Believes:
The Sun, Express and Daily Mail all actively scapegoat the working classes they so proudly claim to represent. They consistently print stories about benefit scroungers despite government figures showing that less than 1% of the benefits budget is fraudulently claimed annually. (Evidence available)
The Daily Mail, Sun and Express publish stories that are sexist. (Further evidence available)
http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-3922992/Don-t-worry-Theresa-ll-link-Trumpworld-Farage-tells-PM-Britain-s-conduit-new-President-boasts-speaking-Donald-s-team-minutes-victory.html
That freedom of speech should not be used as an excuse to attack the weakest and poorest members of society. That the media has a duty not to stir up racial tensions and hatred just to sell papers. That editors and owners of media outlets should be held accountable for inciting hatred, just as other members of society are. That far right leaders and mouthpieces such as Nigel Farage, Richard LittleJohn and Katie Hopkins should have no place in the mainstream media. The Daily Mail, Sun and Express publish stories that are inherently sexist.
This Union Resolves:
Professor Borges: A Course on English Literature by Jorge Luis Borges, edited by Martín Arias and Martín Hadis, and translated from the Spanish by Katherine Silver New Directions, 306 pp., $24.95
Throughout his life, Jorge Luis Borges was engaged in a dialogue with violence. Speaking to an interviewer about his childhood in what was then the outlying barrio of Palermo, in Buenos Aires, he said, “To call a man, or to think of him, as a coward—that was the last thing…the kind of thing he couldn't stand.” According to his biographer, Edwin Williamson,1 Borges's father handed him a dagger when he was a boy, with instructions to overcome his poor eyesight and “generally defeated” demeanor and let the boys who were bullying him know that he was a man.
Swords, daggers—weapons with a blade—retained a mysterious, talismanic significance for Borges, imbued with predetermined codes of conduct and honor. The short dagger had particular power, because it required the fighters to draw death close, in a final embrace. As a young man, in the 1920s, Borges prowled the obscure barrios of Buenos Aires, seeking the company of cuchilleros, knife fighters, who represented to him a form of authentic criollo nativism that he wished to know and absorb.
The criollos were the early Spanish settlers of the pampa, and their gaucho descendants. For at least a century now, the word has signified an ideal cultural purity that, according to its champions, was corrupted by the privatization of the pampa and, later, by the flood of immigrants from Italy and elsewhere in Europe that took place in the late nineteenth and early twentieth centuries.
Borges spent much of his twenties attempting to write a full-length epic poem that would mythologize this “innumerable Buenos Aires of mine,” as he called it—a work that would, in Borges's words again, “converse with the world and with the self, with God and with death.” He saw it as a way to reflect the city's essence, as Joyce had done with Dublin, a way to establish a lasting cultural identity that Argentina did not yet possess in the world. His aim, in part, was to enshrine the urban descendent of the criollo, with his ubiquitous dagger and supposedly honorable outlaw ways. Eventually he would abandon the project—Borges was never able to conquer the long form; and though his cultural vision, as it later developed, would be much broader, the romance of the criollo would continue to animate his imagination. Some of his finest fiction—including the stories “The South,” “The Dead Man,” and “The Intruder,” to name just a few—was kindled by the dagger.
The deeply Argentinian nature of Borges's work is often camouflaged by his metaphysical preoccupations and far-flung literary references. But his involvement with Argentine history and politics, and his belief that the country's fate was entwined with his own, persisted almost to the end of his life. Politics was an emotional matter. His family wasn't wealthy but his bloodline was illustrious. Some of the most prominent…
A Canterbury talent performer, who starred on America's Got Talent, is asking one Brazilian copycat to explain himself after he ripped off the Kiwi's act.
Kiwi comedy performer Sam Wills, who became the television sensation known as Tape Face, shot to America's Got Talent stardom last month with his "tape face" act.
He performed his sketch as the Boy with Tape on his Face on the talent show - and was lauded by judges Simon Cowell, Heidi Klum, Howie Mandel and ex-Spice Girl Mel Brown.
But this week, the Kiwi performer has called out a Brazilian copycat who copied his entire act and performed it on a South American talent show.
A performer known as Lukkas reenacted Wills' performance, piece by piece, on The Joao Kleber Show.
The skit was uploaded to the show's YouTube account on June 12.
In a message on Twitter Mr Wills said he has contacted the show.
"Turns out he was paid by the TV show. In this situation don't shoot the messenger. He was used," Mr Wills tweeted.
Mr Wills has performed sell-out shows in New Zealand, Australia and UK but has his sights firmly set on the notoriously tough to crack United States.
He told Fairfax America's Got Talent is the only way to be "seen quickly" in the US, meaning the stakes were high to wow the judges.
"I was honestly terrified of getting an X... I don't want that to be my legacy," Mr Wills said.
"I have worked really hard on the show and the character."
Story highlights The SpaceShipTwo catastrophe comes after an Orbital Sciences rocket blew up
Virgin Galactic founder Richard Branson: "We've always known that the road to space is extremely difficult"
Accidents have put spotlight on private sector's ability to shoulder responsibility of space travel
Virgin has spoken openly about its ambitions beyond suborbital flights
It is in our DNA to explore the unknown. But pushing boundaries and exploring space is far from easy. This week, the commercial space industry received a punch in the gut and the world experienced a jarring reminder of just how dangerous space travel can be.
On its 55th test flight, Virgin Galactic's SpaceShipTwo suffered "an anomaly" just two minutes after it separated from its mother ship, WhiteKnightTwo, while 45,000 feet over the Mojave Desert.
One pilot was able to parachute out and is being treated for serious injuries, but tragically, the other perished.
The catastrophe comes on the heels of an explosion that happened earlier in the week when an unmanned rocket built by Orbital Sciences carrying a spacecraft loaded with more than 5,000 pounds of cargo exploded into a fireball just seconds after launch at NASA's Wallops flight Facility in Virginia.
Aerospace insiders routinely compare the emerging commercial space industry to the genesis of the aviation industry -- high risk, high reward.
JUST WATCHED Virgin Galactic spacecraft fails Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Virgin Galactic spacecraft fails 01:25
JUST WATCHED Virgin Galactic has had deadly tests before Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Virgin Galactic has had deadly tests before 01:25
JUST WATCHED NASA investigates rocket explosion Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH NASA investigates rocket explosion 02:04
A new private space race has emerged in recent years, with private companies like Virgin Galactic and XCOR Aerospac e competing to become the world's first commercial space line. Then you have companies like SpaceX Orbital Sciences , and Boeing that are vying for NASA contracts worth billions.
This week's events put the spotlight on the private sector's ability to shoulder the responsibility of space travel. What will the long-term impacts of disasters have on the burgeoning commercial space industry?
It should be noted, that in terms of the larger government contracts, this relationship between the public and the private is not really all that new.
Since the inception of the space agency, NASA has turned to the private sector to accomplish its space faring goals. Boeing is the lead contractor on the International Space Station.
It is not a relationship we will see change anytime soon, even in the face of the Orbital Sciences accident. That is because the U.S. no longer has a home-grown way to get to the International Space Station. NASA is relying on the private sector to get there -- making commercial companies essential to the space agency's operations thus shielding them from the impact of public perception.
The space tourism industry is different. The service it is providing is a luxury experience. The companies are at the mercy of public perception of their capabilities to safely transport paying passengers on these suborbital flights.
Passengers want to know they are going to be safe. Friday's accident will surely instil fear in the more than 700 people who have signed up to make the journey.
So what is the value of space tourism? And why risk human lives to make it a reality? As George Whitesides told CNN earlier this year: "At heart, what inspires me the most is the idea that space changes you, that space has this profound impact on the people that can experience it."
What Whitesides is referring to is the overview effect, a phenomenon that space travelers are said to experience when they see the curvature of the Earth -- changing the way people see the world, thereby influencing the way in which they live.
Both Whitesides and Branson have spoken openly about the fact that suborbital flights are not the ultimate end goal for Virgin Galactic . Point-to-point intercontinental travel would be the next application of this technology, meaning that one day passengers could travel around the world in about two hours.
While such plans have been put on hold since the accident, Virgin Galactic is intent on taking off. In his blog post following the crash, Branson said: "Space is hard -- but worth it. We will persevere and move forward together."
The question is, will people still be willing to pay $250,000 to go to space?
LAS VEGAS, Nevada (CNN) -- Now you see it, now you don't.
David and Janelle Shimshi 's lack of income has left them struggling to pay for daughter Shalom's preschool.
Las Vegas magician David Shimshi used to work as house magician at the famous Mirage hotel and performed with the World's Greatest Magicians show at the Greek Isles Casino.
Now Shimshi, as he's known to everyone, including his wife Janelle, has seen his gigs disappear, a victim of the struggling economy.
"We're in a challenging time right now," says Terry Jicinsky, senior vice president of the Las Vegas Convention and Visitors Authority.
Shimshi's job these days is Mr. Mom, taking care of his 3-year-old daughter Shalom, while his wife Janelle works for a local caterer.
Janelle Shimshi has her own loss to deal with. Her life-long dream of owning a small business went bust. The Shimshis took their life savings and invested in a Smoothie King franchise.
"It looked so promising and it just grew every month," says Janelle Shimshi.
But nine months after they opened, the customers stopped coming in. "You think about it ... Do I want to spend $4.50 on a smoothie or do I want to go put gas in my car?" she says.
The Shimshis aren't the only ones to lose. They once pulled in more than $10,000 each month, much of which they put right back into the Las Vegas economy.
They cancelled their home phone service, pool service, and a monthly pest control service that kept a scorpion problem in check. Restaurants are out along with the tanning spa for Janelle. When their large-screen TV died recently, there was no money to replace it, said the Shimshis. Watch the magician's struggle »
The couple's daughter Shalom attended a preschool five days a week. With neither parent working, they couldn't afford the $875 monthly tuition. But the school stepped in to help.
Ner Tamid preschool director Lonnie Kritzler says she has been hearing from a family each week that a job is lost and tuition will be hard to make.
"The Rabbi is helping out," says Kritzler. The school is providing "scholarship money to help in that situation. There's no way we could close the doors to any of the children or their parents."
Shimshi is no vanishing act. He's working on a business plan to perform at trade-show display booths for major companies.
He's willing to work just to prove he can bring in the crowds. He even says he's willing to take his pay later, when the company's business improves.
CNN's Dan Simon and Paul Vercammen contributed to this report.
All About National Economy • Las Vegas
by BAR editor and columnist Ajamu Baraka
Malcolm X understood that “oppressed peoples must commit themselves to radical political struggle in order to advance a dignified approach to human rights.” What's needed is a bottom-up mass movement for People(s)-Centered Human Rights,
a “political project in the service of the oppressed” that “names the enemies of freedom: the Western white supremacist, colonial/capitalist patriarchy.” Social revolution is the only solution.
Malcolm X and Human Rights in the Time of Trumpism: Transcending the Masters Tools
by BAR editor and columnist Ajamu Baraka
“Malcolm's political life and philosophy connected three streams of the Black Radical Tradition: nationalism, anti-colonialism and internationalism.”
52 years-ago on February 21st, the world lost the great anti-colonial fighter, Malcolm X. Around the world, millions pause on this anniversary and take note of the life and contribution of Brother Malcolm. Two years ago, I keynoted a lecture on the legacy of Malcolm X at the American University in Beirut, Lebanon. While I had long been aware of the veneration that Malcolm inspired in various parts of the world, I was still struck by the love and appreciation that so many have for Malcolm beyond activists in the black world.
There are a number of reasons that might explain why 52 years later so many still pay homage to Malcolm. For those of us who operate within the context of the Black Radical Tradition, Malcolm's political life and philosophy connected three streams of the Black Radical Tradition: nationalism, anti-colonialism and internationalism. For many, the way in which Malcolm approached those elements account for his appeal. Yet, I think there is something else. Something not reducible to the language of political struggle and opposition that I hear when I encounter people in the U.S. and in other parts of the world when they talk about Malcolm. I suspect it is his defiance, his dignity, his courage and his selflessness. For me, it is all of that, but it is also how those elements were reflected in his politics, in particular his approach to the concept of human rights.
The aspects of his thought and practice that distinguished the period of his work in that short year between his break with the Nation of Islam (NOI) in 1964 and his assassination in 1965 included not only his anti-racism and anti-colonialist stance but also his advocacy of a radical approach to the issue of human rights.
Human Rights as a De-Colonial Fighting Instrument
Malcolm – in the tradition of earlier black radical activists and intellectuals in the late 1940s – understood the subversive potential of the concept of human rights when philosophically and practically disconnected from its liberal, legalistic, and state-centered genesis.
For Malcolm, internationalizing resistance to the system of racial oppression in the U.S. meant redefining the struggle for constitutional civil rights by transforming the struggle for full recognition of African American citizenship rights to a struggle for human rights.
This strategy for international advocacy was not new. African Americans led by W.E. B. Dubois were present at Versailles during the post-World War I negotiations to pressure for self-rule for various African nations, including independence from the racist apartheid regime in South Africa. At the end of the World War II during the creation of the United Nations, African American radicals forged the possibilities to use this structure as a strategic space to pressure for international support for ending colonization in Africa and fight against racial oppression in the United States.
Malcolm studied the process by which various African American organizations – the National Negro Congress (NNC), National Association for the Advancement of Colored People (NAACP) and the Civil Rights Congress (CRC), petitioned the UN through the Human Rights Commission on behalf of the human rights of African Americans. Therefore, in the very first months after his split with the NOI, he already envisioned idea that the struggle of Africans in the U.S. had to be internationalized as a human rights struggle. He advised leaders of the civil rights movement to “expand their civil rights movement to a human rights movement, it would internationalize it.”
Taking a page from the examples of the NNC, NAACP and CRC, The Organization of Afro-American Unity (OAAU), one of the two organizations Malcolm formed after leaving the NOI, sought to bring the plight of African Americans to the United Nations to demand international sanctions against the U.S. for refusing to recognize the human rights of this oppressed nation.
“Malcolm understood the subversive potential of the concept of human rights.”
However, there was something quite different with Malcolm's approach to human rights that distinguished him from mainstream civil rights activists. By grounding himself in the radical human rights approach, Malcolm articulated a position on human rights struggle that did not contain itself to just advocacy. He understood that appealing to the same powers that were responsible for the structures of oppression was a dead end. Those kinds of unwise and potentially reactionary appeals would never result in substantial structural changes. Malcolm understood oppressed peoples must commit themselves to radical political struggle in order to advance a dignified approach to human rights.
“We have to make the world see that the problem that we're confronted with is a problem for humanity. It's not a Negro problem; it's not an American problem. You and I have to make it a world problem, make the world aware that there'll be no peace on this earth as long as our human rights are being violated in America.”
And if the U.S. and the international community does not address the human rights plight of the African American, Malcolm is clear on the course of action: “If we can't be recognized and respected as a human being, we have to create a situation where no human being will enjoy life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness.”
Malcolm's approach to the realization of human rights was one in which human agency is at the center. If oppressed individuals are not willing to fight for their human rights, Malcolm suggested that “you should be kept in the cotton patch where you're not a human being.”
If you are not ready to pay the price required to experience full dignity as a person and as members of a self-determinant people, then you will be consigned to the “zone of non-being,” as Fanon refers to that place where the non-European is assigned. Malcolm referred to that zone as a place where one is a sub-human:
“You're an animal that belongs in the cotton patch like a horse and a cow, or a chicken or a possum, if you're not ready to pay the price that is necessary to be paid for recognition and respect as a human being.
“And what is that price?
“The price to make others respect your human rights is death. You have to be ready to die… it's time for you and me now to let the world know how peaceful we are, how well-meaning we are, how law-abiding we wish to be. But at the same time, we have to let the same world know we'll blow their world sky-high if we're not respected and recognized and treated the same as other human beings are treated.”
People(s)-Centered Human Rights:
This approach to human rights struggle is the basis of what I call the People(s)-Centered approach to human rights struggle.
People(s)-Centered Human Rights (PCHR) are those non-oppressive rights that reflect the highest commitment to universal human dignity and social justice that individuals and collectives define and secure for themselves through social struggle.
This is the Black Radical Tradition's approach to human rights. It is an approach that views human rights as an arena of struggle that, when grounded and informed by the needs and aspirations of the oppressed, becomes part of a unified comprehensive strategy for de-colonization and radical social change.
The PCHR framework provides an alternative and a theoretical and practical break with the race and class-bound liberalism and mechanistic state-centered legalism that informs mainstream human rights.
The people-centered framework proceeds from the assumption that the genesis of the assaults on human dignity that are at the core of human rights violations is located in the relationships of oppression. The PCHR framework does not pretend to be non-political. It is a political project in the service of the oppressed. It names the enemies of freedom: the Western white supremacist, colonial/capitalist patriarchy.
“PCHR is a political project in the service of the oppressed.”
Therefore, the realization of authentic freedom and human dignity can only come about as a result of the radical alteration of the structures and relationships that determine and often deny human dignity. In other words, it is only through social revolution that human rights can be realized.
The demands for clean water; safe and accessible food; free quality education; healthcare and healthiness for all; housing; public transportation; wages and a socially productive job that allow for a dignified life; ending of mass incarceration; universal free child care; opposition to war and the control and eventual elimination of the police; self-determination; and respect for democracy in all aspects of life are some of the people-centered human rights that can only be realized through a bottom-up mass movement for building popular power.
By shifting the center of human rights struggle away from advocacy to struggle, Malcolm laid the foundation for a more relevant form of human rights struggle for people still caught in the tentacles of Euro-American colonial dominance. The PCHR approach that creates human rights from the bottom-up views human rights as an arena of struggle. Human rights do not emanate from legalistic texts negotiated by states—it comes from the aspirations of the people. Unlike the liberal conception of human rights that elevates some mystical notions of natural law (which is really bourgeois law) as the foundation of rights, the “people” in formation are the ethical foundation and source of PCHRs.
Trumpism is the logical outcome of the decades long assault of racialized neoliberal capitalism. Malcolm showed us how to deal with Trumpism, and the PCHR movement that we must build will move us to that place where collective humanity must arrive if we are to survive and build a new world. And we will – “by any means necessary.”
Ajamu Baraka was the 2016 candidate for vice president on the Green Party ticket. He is an editor and contributing columnist for the Black Agenda Report and contributing columnist for Counterpunch magazine. His latest publications include contributions to Killing Trayvons: An Anthology of American Violence (Counterpunch Books, 2014), Imagine: Living in a Socialist USA (HarperCollins, 2014) and Claim No Easy Victories: The Legacy of Amilcar Cabral ( CODESRIA, 2013). He can be reached at www.AjamuBaraka.com
ST. PETERSBURG, Fla. (December 27, 2017) — It's been nearly two full months since the Tampa Bay Rowdies' 2017 season ended with an extra time loss to the New York Red Bulls II, but Neill Collins still isn't quite over it.
Tampa Bay's postseason elimination came in a match the Rowdies led before a second-half penalty kick gave the Red Bulls new life. The Rowdies fell behind early into the 30 extra minutes but saw chance after chance to equalize denied in a bitter end to the season.
After such a brutal exit, Collins, the Rowdies' dependable center back, still hasn't quite made it to the acceptance stage of grief, but he gets closer every day.
“After probably about a month, you stop thinking about it every day, but when people bring it up, it still brings back bad memories and bad feelings,” he said. “I suppose the one thing that's a very, very small consolation is that on the night, we played pretty well and on any other night, we would have won that game. It was such a cruel way to lose. I guess that's the thing with playoffs, is that you need more than just a performance. You need a bit of luck as well.”
Collins, along with eight of his teammates from the 2017 Rowdies roster, has already been confirmed to return for another go next season. More returning players, and several new additions, have already been signed and will be announced beginning next week.
“I've been privy to know of our new signings and I'm really pleased with the additions the Rowdies have already made this offseason,” Collins said. “I think one of the things we learned last year is that you can never really have too much of the pace, enthusiasm and energy that some of the young players around the league bring. We saw it last year with Alex Morrell, he was fantastic, and other young guys like Zac Portillos. We've got players that will fit the same kind of profile as those two guys with their pace and energy and then you add the experience we've got in other players and it's a recipe for success.”
The idle time of the offseason has allowed Collins to put some critical thinking and analysis into last year's successes and shortcomings and he's identified two more things he believes the Rowdies learned last season that will come in handy in 2018.
First, he's proud of the Rowdies' dominant home record, losing just once in regulation in 18 matches at Al Lang Stadium. He thinks the returning players have distilled the right mindset to have at home and will be able to teach the new members of the team how to sustain that success.
Second, he thinks Tampa Bay unlocked the key to strong road performances late in the year and cited wins in Harrisburg and Orlando, plus an impressive result in San Antonio, as a reason to believe the Rowdies will have a much better record away from home next season.
Not having training or team activities in the offseason doesn't mean Collins hasn't been busy, though.
When he's not writing new posts for his blog, A Journeyman's View, golfing, or chasing around any of his four children, Collins has been occupied running a youth soccer camp in the Sarasota area.
“I've been doing some coaching in the area, which has been really great,” he said. “It keeps me out on the field and keeps my head in the game. I coach six to eight year olds in the morning and then nine to 11 year olds in the afternoon. They're pretty young, but it's really fun. They are kids that just want to have fun and love playing soccer. It's been great.”
Well if this doesn't send the market into all-time record high territory, nothing ever will: seconds ago the UMich Consumer Confidence plummeted from 78.6 to 72.3, on expectations of an unchanged 78.6 print. This was not only a 9 month low in the index, but more importantly the biggest miss to expectations in recorded history! Both conditions (84.8, Exp 89.5, Last 90.7) and expectations (64.2, Exp.70.0, Last 70.8), imploded, with the current conditions number the worst print since July and posting the biggest drop since August 2011. Surely if retail sales was not a sufficient Conviction Buy signal for the Fed, then Consumer Confidence should send Kevin Henry, who is now mainlining a trail mix cocktail of Redbull, Caffeine and Meth, into F5 overdrive. And if that doesn't do it, the final economic miss of the day, Business Inventories which also missed expectations of a 0.4% print, and dropped from 0.9% to 0.1%, the lowest since September 2011 and biggest miss since September 2012, should certainly cement today's 1600+ S&P close.
with current economic assessment terrible..
and add to that Business Inevntories miss and all things considered - another terrible data day.
Charts: Bloomberg
NEW YORK (CNNMoney) -- The most famous shipwreck of all time is on the auction block, including passengers' personal belongings and even salvage rights to the wreck site at the bottom of the North Atlantic Sea.
The collection includes video footage of the ship and recovery effort, as well as more than 5,500 artifacts recovered from the wreck. The artifacts consist of fine china, silverware, clothing, diamond jewelry and other personal items, decorative items from the boat, and even pieces of the ship itself.
The auction, near the shipwreck's centennial, marks the first time artifacts collected from the Titanic during salvage expeditions will be available for sale, although items gathered from the ocean surface or from survivors have been sold in the past -- for a pricey sum.
In 2004, Guernsey's auctioned off memorabilia from the Titanic and a few artifacts that had been passed down through the families of survivors from the ship. An original menu sold for about $100,000, according to Arlan Ettinger, president of Guernsey's auction house in New York.
All the artifacts and intellectual property in this auction will be sold as a single lot by Guernsey's.
In a previous appraisal, the collection was valued at $189 million altogether. There will be a reserve, although it has not been disclosed, Ettinger said.
RMS Titanic Inc., a division of Premier Exhibitions (PRXI), has owned the official salvage rights to the Titanic and its wreck site for the last 18 years. Premier decided to auction the collection now because "the time was just right," according to Brian Wainger, spokesman for the company.
The buyer may also get to assume sovereign possession of the ship, depending on their ability to do so, Wainger said.
Pre-qualified bidders must submit their bids to Guernsey's before April 2. Bids will then be reviewed and the announcement of the winning bid will be made by mid-April.
The sale is subject to certain conditions to ensure the collection will be properly maintained and available for public display going forward, in accordance with the dictates of a United States District Court, which has jurisdiction over the Titanic and the fate of artifacts from the ship.
Potential buyers include museums, municipalities, research institutions, or even private individuals, Ettinger said. So far, Guernsey's has received about 20 serious inquiries, he added.
"We just hope that it remains properly conserved and cared for and that the collection remains intact," said Dominique Rissolo, executive director of the Waitt Institute, which was involved in mapping the wreck site on the most recent expedition. "We would prefer that it never enter private hands -- it's not about ownership but telling a story."
The famous wreckage was first discovered in 1985 off the coast of Halifax, Nova Scotia. Since then there have been eight research and recovery expeditions, during which time the artifacts included in the sale were found. Interest in the shipwreck peaked again after the release of the Titanic movie in 1997. The film grossed $1.8 billion worldwide, making it the second highest grossing film in history, according to Box Office Mojo, a site that tracks ticket sales. That's almost 10 times the appraised value of the collection.
Premier has been displaying some of the artifacts in traveling shows worldwide, including a permanent exhibit of about 350 artifacts at the Luxor in Las Vegas. Over the years the exhibitions have made millions of dollars but the company has spent far more on the expeditions, recovery, conservation and ongoing exhibitions, Wainger said.
Premier said it will direct a portion of the proceeds to the Titanic Preservation Trust, an endowment fund created by the company for future conservation and maintenance of Titanic artifacts.
One of Russia's most prominent rappers has been given a 10-day jail sentence for disorderly conduct, and his spokesman blamed police for taking offence at a performance that mocked them.
Rapper Ivan Alexeyev (25) who is known as Noize MC, taunted policemen as "animals" at the July 31st concert in the southern Russian city of Volgograd.
Known for caustic lyrics, he performed a song about police brutality, which included the lines "Citizen! Halt. Halt. Turn out your pockets, slap, slap. Now your kidneys, kick, kick. Well off you go. Forget it, swallow it, be silent."
After the concert, he was approached by police and taken into custody until yesterday when a court found him guilty of disorderly conduct and sentenced him to 10 days in prison, his spokesman Alexander Berger said.
Mr Berger said he believed that the song about police brutality had stung local police officers.
"They (the local police) did not like this song," he said.
A spokesman for Volgograd city police was not immediately available for comment.
Endemic bribe-taking and documented cases of torture while in custody have earned the police a fearful reputation in Russian society. President Dmitry Medvedev has promised to reform the police as part of a drive to reduce corruption.
People walk past a logo of HSBC headquarters in Hong Kong Monday, July 30, 2012. HSBC PLC is to take a $700 million charge to cover the cost of U.S. fines arising from its failure to stamp out money-laundering at the bank. The provision was announced as the bank reported an 11 percent gain in pretax profit in the first half of the year, boosted by $4.3 billion in gains from asset sales. (AP Photo/Vincent Yu)
The Fair Debt Collection Practices Act says that if a collection company is trying to get you to settle a debt, they can only call you between 8 a.m. and 9 p.m.
And Benjamin and Cynthia Washington say that's exactly what happened.
Starting as early as 8:05 in the morning, and continuing until as late as 8:55 at night, HSBC's debt collectors would call the Washingtons about a mortgage contract on their Ohio home, the couple alleges in a complaint filed this week in federal court.
What the Washingtons say happened to them fits with a larger pattern of intrusiveness in the collections industry.
According to a recent report, the weak economy means more consumers are struggling to pay their bills these days -- and more debt collectors are taking a high-pressure approach with the people they call. Some collectors lob insults and threats at the person on the other end of the line, while others try to squeeze customers for debt that's so old that it's gone off the books.
For the Washingtons, the worst part seems to have been what Troy Doucet called an "onslaught" of phone calls.
"It's put them in an extremely difficult position," Doucet, whose law firm is handling the Washingtons' case, told The Huffington Post.
The complaint alleges that the collectors would call the Washingtons seven days a week, sometimes as many as 14 times a day; that the calls were placed from January through March of this year; and that Cynthia Washington experienced so much "stress, anxiety, and depression" as a result that her blood pressure went up and she had to be placed on medication.
"Even the phone ringing, at this point, triggers an emotional and physical reaction with her," said Doucet.
HSBC did not make a spokesperson available to HuffPost for comment.
The Washingtons' complaint says that HSBC's collectors threatened them with foreclosure, and that on at least six separate occasions, representatives of HSBC actually showed up in their neighborhood -- either to speak with one of the Washingtons, to leave a note on the front door saying to call the bank. At times, the complaint alleges, collectors would stand "just outside of the property line" and take pictures of the house, where Benjamin and Cynthia live with their four children.
Doucet told HuffPost that it's not even clear whether HSBC actually has the authority to enforce or collect on the Washingtons' mortgage -- that authority may in fact belong to another party. The Washingtons' complaint alleges that their original lender was a company called MorEquity, Inc., and that they were working with an unnamed third party to settle their debt -- a fact the Washingtons allegedly made clear to HSBC's collectors. Still, the complaint says the calls kept coming.
"At some point, HSBC claims to have become the servicer of the account," Doucet told HuffPost. "We're going to be interested to see what HSBC has to say about that."
The Washingtons' complaint doesn't say anything about the debt collectors using vulgar or abusive language, or reaching out to people close to the couple -- which means the situation as described, while bad, wasn't as unpleasant as the type of harrasment alleged by some other borrowers.
CARACAS (Reuters) - Venezuela said it was ending efforts to improve ties with Washington after the Obama administration's nominee for envoy to the United Nations vowed to oppose what she called a crackdown on civil society in the “repressive” OPEC nation.
Venezuela's President Nicolas Maduro (R) speaks during a meeting with students in Caracas, in this handout photo provided by Miraflores Palace on July 19, 2013. REUTERS/Miraflores Palace/Handout via Reuters
In an echo of the many bust-ups between the two countries during the late Hugo Chavez's 14-year rule, President Nicolas Maduro has demanded an apology and said the United States had no moral right to criticize his government.
The foreign ministry said Samantha Power's remarks had contradicted “in tone and content” what it said U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry told his Venezuelan counterpart, Elias Jaua, at a rare meeting just last month.
“The Bolivarian Republic of Venezuela is terminating the process that was started during the conversation in Guatemala, which was aimed at regularizing our diplomatic relations,” the ministry said late on Friday in a statement.
Maduro has often clashed with Washington since he narrowly won an election in April that was triggered by the death of his mentor Chavez from cancer.
At times, the former bus driver and union negotiator has appeared to want better ties with the United States, and both Jaua and Kerry had talked positively about their meeting.
But relations have frayed fast since then, with Maduro becoming the world's first leader to offer asylum to Edward Snowden, the former U.S. intelligence contractor wanted by Washington for disclosing details of secret surveillance programs.
‘GLOBAL CONCERN'
During a Senate confirmation hearing this week, Power promised to stand up against “repressive regimes”, and said that meant “contesting the crackdown on civil society being carried out in countries like Cuba, Iran, Russia, and Venezuela.”
The foreign ministry in Caracas said her comments were “interventionist,” and that the United Nations had often recognized Venezuela's “solid system of constitutional guarantees” that ensured its citizens' fundamental rights.
“By contrast, the whole world is constantly expressing its concern over repressive practices carried out by the United States,” the ministry said.
“They include the violation of human rights at the illegal prison in Guantanamo, the killing of civilians by drones, and the lamentable persecution unleashed against Edward Snowden.”
It said the 30-year-old former National Security Agency contractor was subjected to “the most fierce repression” for exercising his right to denounce U.S. practices “that violate, among others, the right to privacy of all the world's people.”
A better relationship could only be built, it added, by practicing “mutual respect and absolute and total recognition of the principles of sovereignty and self-determination.”
Maduro has been the most vocal of the three Latin American leaders who have offered sanctuary to Snowden, who has been trapped in a Moscow airport transit zone for almost a month.
Bolivia and Nicaragua have also offered him asylum, but Jaua has said Venezuela can do little to help Snowden as long as he remains stuck behind passport control at the airport.
With summer officially upon us, it”s time take advantage of the long days and explore everything San Diego has to offer including these top things to do this weekend:
Joseph and the Amazing Technicolor Dreamcoat
One of the most enduring shows of all time, Tim Rice & Andrew Lloyd Webber”s Joseph and the Amazing Technicolor Dreamcoat is the irresistible family musical about the trials and triumphs of Joseph, Israel”s favorite son. Retelling the Biblical story of Joseph, his eleven brothers and the coat of many colors, this magical musical is full of unforgettable songs including Those Canaan Days, Any Dream Will Do and Close Every Door. Book your tickets and be part of the magic!
Where: San Diego Civic Theatre – 1100 Third Avenue, San Diego, CA 92101
When: June 24-29, 2014
Cost: $32.25-$107.25
> Find out more about Joseph and the Amazing Technicolor Dreamcoat
Beneath the Waves Family Film Festival
Explore the Living Coast Discovery Center and partake in a unique evening filled with 12 insightful oceans themed short films about our world beneath the waves! With a very diverse group of films from cartoons, to stop action, to actual featured films – this event is great for the kids, too!
Where: Living Coast Discovery Center – 1000 Gunpowder Point Dr, Chula Vista, CA 91910
When: June 27, 2014
Time: 6:00 to 8:00 PM
Cost: $15
> Find out more about Beneath the Waves Family Film Festival
Brazilian Carnaval
[youtube https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ea4bRf9vmTE]
The celebration of Brazil”s most famous holiday includes live Samba music, dancers, and an all-you-can-eat beach barbecue buffet featuring authentic food from the South American country. Local Carnaval entertainment specialist SOL e MAR will provide the Samba rhythms and dancers. Bahia Executive Chef Rob Famulare and his team will create the buffet, which includes Picanha (grilled Churrasco-style beef), Feijoada (pork and black bean stew), Moqueca de Peixe (Brazilian fish stew), and Brazilian Beer Marinated Chicken.
Where: Bahia Resort Hotel – 998 W Mission Bay Dr, San Diego, CA 92109
When: Thursdays – June 27 – August 28, 2014
Time: 6:00 to 9:00 PM
Cost: $17-$64
> Find out more about the Brazilian Carnaval
Summer Pops – Elvis: A Tribute to the King
[youtube https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OcN0vKENgzI]
Elvis Presley was The King…and he changed American music forever. Experience thrilling performances of his greatest hits including Heartbreak Hotel, Love Me Tender, Don”t Be Cruel,Hound Dog and more like never before with a full symphony. The concert features four Broadway veteran singers, piano and drums, creating an all new twist on the classic hits of The King of Rock”n”Roll!
Where: Embarcadero Marina Park South – 1 Marina Park Way, San Diego, CA 92101
When: June 27, 2014
Time: 7:30 to 9:30 PM
Cost: $25-$55
> Find out more about Summer Pops – Elvis: A Tribute to the King
Annual San Diego Scottish Highland Games & Gathering of the Clans
[youtube https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=C9Cd1au95X0]
Rival clansmen will test each other”s prowess at various sports – running, jumping, wrestling, or primitive forms of weight putting with stones, or dividing into roughly equal sides against each other in a very early form of camanachd or shinty. Lastly the clansmen will vie with each other in piping and in dancing, the pipers taking turns to demonstrate their skills and the clansmen to demonstrate their agility and neatness of movement by dancing complicated steps to the pipe music. These relaxations were in effect the forerunners of the modern Highland games.
Where: Brengle Terrace Park – 1200 Vale Terrace Drive, Vista, CA 92084
When: June 28-29, 2014
Time: 9:00 AM to 5:00 PM
Cost: $5-$14
> Find out more about the Annual San Diego Scottish Highlands Game & Gathering of the Clans
Oceanside Independence Day Parade
Join the community of Oceanside for the annual Independence Day Parade as it makes it way north on Coast Highway from Wisconsin Avenue to Civic Center Drive (just past City Hall). Come see floats, bands, walking groups, cool cars and much more. This year”s theme is “Show Your Pride, Oceanside!”
Where: South Coast Highway, Oceanside, CA 92054
When: June online casino 28, 2014
Time: 10:00 AM to 12:00 PM
Cost: Free
> Find out more about the Oceanside Independence Day Parade
Ocean Beach Street Fair & Chili Cook-Off
Spend the day in Ocean Beach enjoying over 5 stages of live music, a community mural art project, a children”s play area, shopping and chili from more than two dozen entrants vying for the titles of The Hottest Chili, Judges' Award and grand prize People”s Choice Award.
Where: Newport Avenue, San Diego, CA 92107
When: June 28, 2014
Time: 10:00 AM to 8:00 PM
> Find out more about the Ocean Beach Street Fair & Chili Cook-Off
Independence Day at the Border
Come and enjoy an early Independence Day Celebration in San Ysidro complete with children”s inflated city, mechanical bulls, live music all day on multiple stages, drinks, food and fireworks!
Where: Larsen Field – Cesar Chavez Park – 4061 Camino de la Plaza, San Ysidro, CA 92173
When: June 28, 2014
Time: 3:00 to 10:00 PM
Cost: Free
> Find out more about Independence Day at the Border
More Top Things to Do in San Diego
Know of some other top things to do this weekend in San Diego? Let us know in the comments below or onTwitter, Facebook and Google .
YOU MIGHT REMEMBER the buzz at the start of last year when Pierce Brosnan was spotted looking *ridiculously* like Gerry Adams on the set of a film.
Look at him:
Details began emerging that Brosnan was playing Liam Hennessy, a former IRA member turned Northern Irish government official, alongside Jackie Chan in an action film called The Foreigner - based on a 1992 novel called The Chinaman by Stephen Leather.
Even Gerry could see the resemblance
I never knew Pierce Brosnan was so good looking. — Gerry Adams (@GerryAdamsSF) January 14, 2016 Source: Gerry Adams /Twitter
Even though the likeness is completely coincidental, of course.
According to IMDb, the basic plot of The Foreigner tells the story of:
a humble London businessman Quan (Chan), whose long-buried past erupts in a revenge-fueled vendetta when the only person left for him to love – his teenage daughter – is taken from him in a senseless act of politically-motivated terrorism. In his relentless search for the identity of the terrorists, Quan is forced into a cat- and-mouse conflict with a British government official (Brosnan), whose own past may hold clues to the identities of the elusive killers.
This year, we got to see Hennessy in action for the first time when the trailer dropped
Another trailer was released in September ahead of its US release in October
It premiered in China and has been released in Australia, Denmark, Portugal, Canada, Estonia, Netherlands, Sweden, Malaysia, Indonesia, Hong Kong and a rake of other countries in the past month.
But there was no word on an Irish or UK release date.
That was until yesterday when Netflix announced that they were debuting it as part of their December additions
Source: Netflix
It lands on December 15, to be specific.
But what can we expect? Given it's been released in the US, all the major reviewers have had their say. The New York Times weren't convinced that Chan can pull off such action-heavy roles at his age:
Mr. Chan is in his early 60s, and he doesn't deliver the action pizazz here that he used to. Nor, frankly, does he summon enough gravitas to be persuasive in the role of a grief-maddened father. For what it's worth, Mr. Brosnan, as Quon's nemesis, sells the angry-all-the-time requirement for his character.
While Forbes called it “a fine action thriller”:
Brosnan delivers what he's been giving us for the last 15 years (Tailor of Panama, November Man, No Escape, etc.), namely a grizzled, cynical, somewhat real-world version of a would-be government agent possibly gone to rot. Brosnan has essentially been playing a real-world 007 ever since he left the actual James Bond franchise. But it's a strong an engaging performance, as the picture empathizes with his attempts to prevent further bloodshed. He has a great speech where he begs everyone to maintain the peace, and the film treats Chan as a genuine fly in the ointment. The action hero isn't quite a full-on villain, but nor does it present him as entirely righteous.
Source: Netflix
Interestingly, the review on RogerEbert.com calls into question the one thing you wouldn't expect: Brosnan's Northern Irish accent:
Hennessy, an antihero defined by Brosnan's atrocious Irish accent and a forehead peppered with liver spots that seem to proliferate with every extreme closeup, spends a lot of time on the phone, and drinking Scotch. He also does what every other Bourne-style government wonk does: repeatedly curse out his men about how they're always a few steps behind the Authentic IRA, and Quan, the latter of whom has declared a personal war on Hennessy since the Irishman has previously worked with the IRA.
Ultimately the site wasn't impressed – giving it just one star out of four:
watching “The Foreigner” is a thoroughly dispiriting experience. You wait for characters to take a break from gabbing about Hennessy's connections with everyone from old IRA members to, uh, newer IRA members. But when Chan finally does swing into action, it's in scenes that over-emphasize his character's age, and lack of coordination.
Source: Netflix
Vulture's critic was much more positive though – saying that it's Brosnan's “interesting” character that plays the central role, perhaps surprisingly given Chan's status:
The plot is odd, too, insofar as the title character is almost peripheral, a thorn in the side of a man who's desperate to bring down the bad guys without calling undue attention to his own participation and thereby alienating his IRA-sympathetic base. That makes Brosnan the more interesting protagonist, Chan the wild card — and changes The Foreigner from a standard revenge melodrama into something weightier and less predictable. It's an awkward weave, but it has gravitas.
It's bound to prove popular when it finally arrives on Irish Netflix – but we'll have to reserve judgement on the most important aspect: Brosnan's Irish accent.
If Pierce can't even pull it off, the Irish accent in international film seems doomed forever.
DailyEdge is on Instagram!
A Walk on the Cool Side
I had just returned from spending a few weeks in the winter warmth of Andalucía when I received a call from a good friend asking me if I fancied a day out midweek; the suggestion was a walk up Snowdon in Wales, taking in another summit on the return. It was the beginning of February and a ‘cooler' excursion did have a certain appeal. We looked at the weather forecast and the day with the worst weather was the following Tuesday; it forecast, snow, hail, sleet and freezing rain all day. I know this may sound odd but we like that sort of stuff and it tends to liven a mediocre trip up a bit.
Snowdon is the highest peak in Wales at 3560 feet A.S.L. (1085m) and I have previously refused point blank to venture up Snowdon as it has a cafe and a train station on the top! For me, it goes against everything I'm out there for, but, in a moment of weakness, I agreed.
We decided on a trip up from the south side to the summit and then west from the summit before descending south-west into the valley, taking in the smaller summit of Yr Aran at 2451 feet A.S.L. (747m) on the return. The wind was around 20-25 mph with gusts to 40 mph and an ambient temperature at the start (about 200 feet A.S.L.) of around minus 2 Centigrade. The walk up was steady, with good visibility between the snow showers. We decided to leave the path for the last 1000 feet or so to make it more interesting; it was steep with frozen snow patches. Crampons would have been handy on those bits but most were easily by-passed to give a reasonable safety margin. The ones we did cross were soft enough to kick into with the
winter boots. As you would expect, the visibility reduced substantially during the last 1000 feet and the wind became much stronger; ambient temperature on the summit was down to around minus 5 Centigrade. We had a drink on the summit and some malt loaf before setting off again. Visibility was only about 100 feet now and we set a compass bearing to exit the summit in the correct place.
The route down was obviously cooler as we were not generating any heat; the climb up to the summit of Yr Aran soon put that right. We had decided to climb the short, steep side; indeed, short and steep it turned out to be. By now the wind was 25-30 mph with gusts much higher; the freezing rain producing sharp ice particles that stung our faces, making forward progress painful to say the least. We reached the summit, again having a quick stop for a drink and a bite to eat before descending by the same route.
We continued to descend, the last 1000 feet or so turned the freezing rain to just rain, this continued until arriving back at the vehicle. The thing that seemed odd to us was that we didn't see anyone else out that day apart from two workers on the path near to where we had parked the vehicle. O.K., the conditions were a little grim but often, it's these conditions that bring the best adventures.
We both went light but well equipped for the conditions. Let's look a little closer at the equipment taken by each of us.
35 litre rucksacks, 1 litre of water, 1 litre of hydration mix, 2 cereal bars, 6 slices of malt loaf, 1 bag of ‘Gummy Bears', 1 banana, 2 x powdered soups, Gore-Tex jacket, Gore-Tex trousers, Ventile smock, Fibre-Pile/Pertex jacket, Windstopper gloves, Gore-Tex over-mitts, fleece balaclava, Gore-Tex bivi bag, substantial first-aid kit, SAM splint, head-torch (and spare batteries), map (with waterproof map-case), compass, knife and sparker, cooker and st mug, 10m paracord.
We both decided against crampons and ice axes. The reason being that there was not enough snow cover existing that couldn't be avoided and if the snow on the day was heavy, then they would have been of no use because the snow would have been too soft.
We all know that weather conditions in mountainous areas can change extremely quickly and the secret of staying safe lies mainly with the equipment we take. Generally, the greater your experience the less equipment you'll need to take. Taking too much equipment can often lead to accidents resulting from fatigue, balance, lack of agility and not the least inertia! Carrying a heavy pack in mountainous terrain is a skill that has to be learned and unfortunately, it can only be learned from actually doing it. Sometimes, the severity of the conditions or the duration of the trip makes it necessary but generally, mountain skills and experience are better than lots of kit.
Experience will tell you that the wind-chill on the summit would be around minus 15 Centigrade based on the available information; looking at the kit taken now makes more sense. I think it was Ranulph Fiennes that said ‘There is no such thing as bad weather, only inappropriate clothing' and there is a good deal of truth in that.
The warnings about staying out of the mountains in bad weather are becoming much more common. By learning the required skills and gaining the experience required, these warnings won't apply to you. Allowing you to venture out whenever you like, in whatever conditions you like while maintaining a good, healthy, safety margin.
Enjoy yourselves and take care!
Shailene Woodley is negotiating to star as Hazel Grace Lancaster in Fox 2000‘s The Fault In Our Stars. An adaptation of John Green's bestseller, the film will be helmed by Josh Boone. Script is by (500) Days Of Summer and The Spectacular Now screenwriters Scott Neustadter and Michael Weber. Temple Hill Entertainment's Wyck Godfrey and Marty Bowen are producing.
This is the story of romance between Gus and Hazel, who meet in their cancer support group and fall head over heels in love. Rather than dwelling on the depressing nature of the limited time they have together, the two embark on a vibrant, passionate, and hilarious journey that proves that an entire life's worth of meaning can be found in any stretch of time.
Said Boone: “During our exhaustive search to find Hazel Grace Lancaster, I saw some stunning auditions by today's finest young actresses. Over 250 girls read for the part, but it wasn't until Shailene stepped in front of the camera that I truly saw Hazel for the first time. It was like lightning striking. I can't wait for the rest of the world to see what I have.”
Woodley, whose breakout came in The Descendants, followed with The Spectacular Now and will star in Divergent for Summit.
Share. "The information provided previously by the author of this post was deemed to be obtained from an inaccurate source." "The information provided previously by the author of this post was deemed to be obtained from an inaccurate source."
Update: GamerSyndrome has retracted the interview, posting the following statement:
"This interview has been removed. The information provided previously by the author of this post was deemed to be obtained from an inaccurate source and NOT an official Bioware or EA interview response. We apologize for the inconvinience."
Original story follows:
BioWare has suggested that more games in the Mass Effect series will be heading to the Wii U.
Speaking with GamerSyndrome, a representative for the company was asked what he thought about rumours that the first two games in the series would be ported to Nintendo's console.
“ We do have plans for Wii U but nothing to announce at this moment.
He replied, "I can't really comment on rumored speculation about the game or the franchise. Wii U is a console we feel is really cool and that more Mass Effect would look great on it, so we do have plans for Wii U but nothing to announce at this moment."
It's always possible that he may be referring to the upcoming Mass Effect 4, but many have noted previously how odd a decision it seems to just have the final game in the trilogy on Wii U. With all three games now available on Xbox 360, PS3 and PC, it makes sense that BioWare would want to do the same for Nintendo's console.
What do you think? Would you like to see the original two games on Wii U, or are you happier waiting for Mass Effect 4?
Exit Theatre Mode
Luke Karmali is IGN's UK Editorial Assistant and intrepid space explorer. You too can revel in mediocrity by following him on IGN and on Twitter.
Former communications minister Stephen Conroy wants NBN Co to track down anonymous staffers who attacked him in the media.
Senator Conroy defended his ministerial legacy during a Senate committee hearing into the National Broadband Network in Sydney on Wednesday.
He took NBN Co executive chairman Dr Ziggy Switkowski to task over a February newspaper story which cited unnamed NBN Co sources blaming him for problems with the interim satellite service, specifically the changing of eligibility criteria for subscriptions.
Senator Conroy asked if it was the job of NBN staff to blame members of parliament for problems.
"I'm wondering what you're going to do about your staff behaving, in what ... is a fairly unprofessional manner?"
Dr Switkowski said Senator Conroy's concerns were well placed and that any off-the-record briefings by staff to journalists were inappropriate.
But he has not initiated any enquiries into the article.
"Trying to track down the source of unattributed comments tends to be a fruitless task," Dr Switkowski said.
The hearing was told the satellite service has reached its cap of 48,000 customers and that some were experiencing slow speeds because of high traffic.
An estimated 250,000 customers are eligible to receive the service but extra capacity is needed.
Senator Conroy said the timing of the cap being reached had been expected for several years.
There have been problems with congestion of the satellite service in Victoria, NSW and southeast Queensland.
NBN Co was fine-tuning engineering parameters to make the existing spectrum purchased more efficient, the hearing was told.
Communications Minister Malcolm Turnbull is aware of the capacity issue but has not asked NBN Co to acquire additional bandwidth, Dr Switkowski said.
Discussions are underway with suppliers but it's a matter for government, he said.
Senator Conroy said if the Abbott government was prepared to spend $200 million capacity could be increased significantly.
The hearing continues.
Following on from Hear Her Day, another chance to hear a programme celebrating one of the most successful and iconic female musicians of our time, Bjork.
Following on from Hear Her Day, another chance to hear a programme celebrating one of the most successful and iconic female musicians of our time, Bjork.
The Icelandic singer has talked about female musician struggling to be given credit for their creative work.
In this programme Miranda Sawyer speaks intimately to Bjork about the creative process of her songwriting, which can often begin with a colour in her head. She covers topics ranging from co-producing Vulnicura, her ninth studio album with Arca and The Haxan Cloak, documenting the breakdown of her relationship with artist Matthew Barney, the recurring themes of interconnections between music, technology and nature, and the creation of an exclusive virtual reality audio guide for the retrospective with her friend and collaborator Sjon.
(if you want the original size (twice as big), just send me a pm)I´m happy how this one turned out and I would love to see this on a tshirt or something, on the other hand I don´t want to get into some legal quarrel for ittell me if you want a wallpaper version :>EDIT: alright, since there was some confusion why she´s wearing Twi´s cutiemark: I saw it as some kind of crest for the house "Sparkle", Rarity is sort of one of Twilights knights. I´ve added a crest shield now to make it clearer, sorry for the confusion!By the way, the three diamonds of Rara´s cutiemark are in the picture if you look closely ;]EDITEDIT: on second thought, she kind of looks better with her own crest
Why the Lions' pass rush will be improved in 2017 despite several key losses on the defensive line
In 2016, the Lions' pass rush was pathetic. They finished with just 26 sacks over the entire season, the second worst of any team in the NFL. Kerry Hyder led the team with 8.5 sacks, but after an Achilles injury, he is set to miss all of the 2017 season. Second leading sacker, Devin Taylor (4.5 sacks), left in free agency to play for the New York Giants. Armonty Bryant and Khyri Thornton (who combined for four sacks) are both still with the Lions but will miss time this season due to suspensions.
The top three sack leaders of the 2016 Lions defense will miss parts of the season or not play at all for the Lions in 2017. A fourth member of the defensive line rotation is out for the first several games of the season with a suspension. Here are the ways that the Lions can not only overcome this but improve on their pass rush from a season ago.
Defensive Line Tricks to Bolster Pass Rush
Teryl Austin, the defensive coordinator for the Lions, is known for his creativity with defensive line rotations, stunts, and other oddities. Although the Lions had little success with these exotic defensive looks in 2016, a lot of that can be blamed on poor defensive line depth and a lacking linebacker corps behind the line.
Although Detroit is still lacking star power on their defensive line, they have much better depth at the end and tackle positions than they did a year ago. The additions of Akeem Spence and the hyper-athletic Jeremiah Ledbetter will help the defensive tackle rotation, while Cornelius Washington, Alex Barrett, and Jeremiah Valoaga are high potential players at defensive end.
http://gty.im/616284862
Austin likes to rotate his defensive line as much as any coordinator in the NFL. His philosophy is that a good rotation of players will keep the defensive linemen fresh as the offensive line gets worn down and tired out throughout a game. With the improved depth, rotating defensive line players should be much more successful this season.
Teryl Austin is also known for his creative defensive playcalling to try and generate pressure. He does everything from blitzing all of his linebackers, to dropping defensive linemen into coverage, to defensive line stunts. All of these things will be more effective with the new, more athletic 2017 Detroit Lions defensive line.
Linebacker Blitzes
In the 2017 season, the Lions linebackers had zero sacks. Whenever they blitzed, they did a horrible job of getting pressure on opposing quarterbacks, resulting in the middle of the field being wide open. The Lions needed to add talent to their linebacking corps over the offseason to have any sort of decent pass rush, and that's just what they did.
The Lions selected two linebackers in the Draft a few months ago, Jarrad Davis and Jalen Reeves-Maybin. Davis started at middle linebacker for two seasons for the Florida Gators, and over those two seasons, he made six sacks. Reeves-Maybin was also a starter for two full seasons, his team was the Tennessee Volunteers, and he was able to record eight sacks in those two seasons, including a six-sack Junior season.
The Lions also signed linebacker Paul Worrilow in free agency. Worrilow has made four sacks in his four professional seasons, and, although that isn't a great number of sacks, it is still an improvement over what Detroit had last season.
By improving the blitzing abilities of the linebackers this offseason, Detroit should be able to generate more pressure on opposing quarterbacks. Ineffective blitzing was a big problem for the 2016 Lions' defense, and these three new linebackers should be a solution to that problem.
A Return To Form For Ziggy Ansah
2016 was Ziggy Ansah's worst professional season by a large margin. Ansah recorded only two sacks over the entire 2016 season. His career low sack total over a season before that was 7.5 in 2014. Over Ansah's first three seasons in the NFL, he averaged 10 sacks per season, including a 14.5 sack season in 2015.
Last season, Ansah played through nagging ankle and shoulder injuries. He missed three games and didn't record a single sack through the first fifteen weeks of the season.
However, towards the end of the season, there was reason for optimism. Ansah finished the season with four sacks in the last four games, counting the wildcard playoff game against the Seahawks.
http://gty.im/498850210
Ansah started the preseason on the Physically Unable to Perform list but was taken off it a few days ago, making him eligible to play in the Lions' season opener this Sunday.
There is reason to believe that Ansah can go back to being the dominant player he was in the first three seasons of his career, and if he does, that alone will elevate the performance of the entire Lions defense.
Thanks for reading! If you enjoyed it, please follow me on Twitter @lucasjwalker00, and don't forget to pay a visit to the Detroit Lions Subreddit!
Military Dad's Tearful Reunion With Daughter
Sixth-grader Payton Stephen got a big surprise during lunch at her California middle school: Her father, Chief Warrant Officer Darrell Stephen, made it home for the holidays.
STORY: Cop's Act of Kindness Toward Shoplifting Grandma
Fresh off an 8-month tour of duty in Afghanistan, Darrell Stephen showed up to his daughter's lunchroom as she ate pizza with friends. Watch the video, above, to see her emotional reaction.
STORY: 5-Year-Old Cancer Patient Continues to Spread Joy With Princess Photos
“I didn't think he was going to get home for Christmas with like 10 days left,” Payton tells CBS Los Angeles. “It was really surprising to me.”
Adds Darrell: “I was really, really hoping everything was going to fall into place, and I could get home for Christmas and surprise her.”
But perhaps the best Christmas gift of all is that this visit won't be a short one. After 20 years of serving in the military, Darrell won't be going back overseas.
The Rockford Files was a show from the 1970s starring the legendary James Garner as Jim Rockford. The story revolved around a private investigator, Jim “Rockford” Rockford. The show follows his various investigations and other capers he finds himself in Los Angeles County, California. This video pretty much sums up the character of Jim Rockford. Today I will be reviewing what I thought were the top 5 scenes of the episode “Rattler's Class of '63”. It is the 8th episode of the 3rd season.
With an Original Air Date of 11/26/1976, it will hit the ripe old age of 40 in just two and a half months. Here's a link to the iconic theme of The Rockford Files.
This episode is of particular interest because it was written by David Chase, who went on to create The Sopranos. Which is one of my favorite shows, sparking my interest into his other earlier works. Leading me to The Rockford Files. He wrote 30 episodes of The Sopranos and directed 2 (The Pilot and Made In America – the final episode). The Sopranos are still widely considered to be the greatest show of all time, even though it's been 9 years since the final episode.
And here's a link to TV Guide's “Top 50 Shows” list from April 26, 2002. Notice that not only is The Rockford Files is ranked 39th, but The Sopranos is ranked 5th already. Just to remind you, the list is from 2002, more than 5 years before The Sopranos final episode.
Onto my top 5 scenes of “Rattlers' Class of '63”, the fifth ranked episode of the series, according to IMDB. Unfortunately, I could only find one video from the episode on YouTube, but it can be found on Netflix.
5). 11:13-13:37 – Bobby Boyajian and his goons walk in his sister Regine's apartment while she's talking to Rockford. Bobby points out, “here's the guy that pounded me at the church,” while pointing at Rockford. Chubby guy with curly hair (Leo I think?) punches Rockford in the stomach and Bobby and the other goon hold Rockford. They pull him outside where Leo says to Rockford, “You're in deep trouble, Mr. Brewmeister!”. Then cocks his elbow back ready to swing into Rockford's gut. Rockford is able to fight back and flee. Epic chase scene ensues. Rockford pulls away and his pursuers lose sight of him. He then hides behind a corner and surprise sucker-punches Leo causing him to fall into the pool.
4). 5:36-6:40 – Regine Boyajian and Angel Martin (Stuart Margolin) are tying the knot. Regine's brother, Bobby Boyajian, barges in and interrupts the wedding, saying “what do ya call this?!…I gotta hear it from your landlord?” Bobby then sucker punches Angel. Next, Rockford grabs Bobby to stabilize him, and Bobby tries to punch Rockford and he gets bitch slapped. Rockford take no shit. Bobby cries out, “He's not even Armenian!”. I was surprised no one else in the Boyajian family in attendance intervened to control Bobby's outburst.
3). 28:10-31:52 – We see Rockford walking with Regine at Bobby's wake. In this emotional moment, Rockford assures Regine that he and Angel had nothing to do with her brother Bobby's death. It's surprising to me that the victim's family would even allow someone who was suspected of the man's murder at his wake. Regine goes into details on how in recent months, Bobby became closer to people like Leo and has always been drunk and “perpetually” broke. Here's an interesting video of the “women of The Rockford Files”. Rockford knows Regine and Angel aren't making love so he wants to swoop in and help a woman out!
2). 33:30-35:28 – Rockford talks to his friend LAPD Sergeant Dennis Becker (Joe Santos). He inquires as to what Dennis found on Chechick and Leo Cale. The duo buried Eddie Groger and another body in the landfill (Boyajian Brothers Sanitation Co.) and forced the sleazy car salesman to buy the property. Rockford keeps trying to pry for further information. Dennis forcefully lets Rockford know he's being charged with “conspiracy to commit”. And Rockford sarcastically repeats “conspiracy to commit?”. Rockford promptly zips his lips.
1). 41:20-43:09 – We find Rockford and Angel talking in a trailer, waiting to be attacked by whoever is pursuing them. Then we see the used car salesman and some other man in the driver's seat, watching them from a distance. Soon after, Angel hears noise outside the trailer. Rockford says to wait to attack until the person gets inside because they're gonna stick with the plan they already set up. We then hear the man messing with the gas cap, and Angel remembers that he did not lock it. The car salesman lights fire to the gas tank and the trailer explodes, but Rockford and Angel escape and exchange fire with the guys. It's the fat guy from the landfill driving the getaway car for the used car salesman. They get stuck on a rock and Rockford catches up to them (ironic?).
As a big time Soprano's fan, I definitely found it interesting to go back in time and see some of David Chase's ealiest works. However, I did not see much in this episode of The Rockford Files that reminded me of anything in The Sopranos. Regardless, it was still an entertaining 50 minutes of my life.
Please share your thoughts and comments! Of course my list is imperfect, and not all peeps will agree with my opinions.
And keep your fingers crossed for a Rockford Files movie!
Oh yea, and please check out my Go Fund Me page, and if you can help share or even contribute I will love you forever.
In the Age of the Web, What Does “Public” Mean?
David O'Brien Blocked Unblock Follow Jan 27, 2015
The web is catalyzing a quiet revolution in social science and behavioral research. Researchers are using it as a source of detailed information about humans, and the variety and amount of available data may yield new insights into human behaviors. Users of online services, such as Facebook and Twitter, generate large amounts of personal information as they create profiles, communicate with others, share video and images, leave comments on blogs, and otherwise interact with the web. Researchers can easily extract this information using automated software tools to build datasets for analysis, increasing the speed at which large data can be complied while simultaneously reducing the managerial burdens. The richness and quantity of the data promise to give researchers “the capacity to collect and analyze with an unprecedented breadth and depth of scale.” Despite the provocative insights that may result from this new vein of data, these emerging practices fall into a category of human subjects research in which the legal and ethical standards are unclear. At the heart of the matter are some difficult questions about the boundaries between public and private information.
In the US, certain types of academic research on humans are governed by regulations known as the Common Rule. These regulations are designed to decrease the risk of psychological and physical harms to human subjects by requiring academic institutions to establish Institutional Review Boards (IRBs) and oversight programs to review and approve research studies conducted at their institutions. For example, a researcher might be required to disclose to potential subjects the nature of the study, obtain meaningful consent, and put in place controls to protect the security and confidentiality of any sensitive data collected from subjects.
Not all research on humans is subject to the Common Rule.
Not all research on humans is subject to the Common Rule. Studies that only use publicly-available information, which potentially includes information mined from the web, have long been an exempt category. The term public, in this sense, is synonymous with benign — if the information was collected from a public source, analyzing and disseminating it is not considered harmful to the person about whom it pertains. More importantly, if a research study falls into this category, institutions are not required to oversee it. The public-private distinction in the Common Rule owes its origins to privacy law, which has traditionally held that public information is not subject to privacy protections.
While the public-private distinction made sense for a world in which the costs of obtaining information were greater, one might question whether it remains sensible. For instance, it does not account for the potential vulnerabilities of users who might become unwilling participants in studies, or the techno-social privacy norms to which communities adhere as they publish and share information online. As evidenced in recent studies, there is a startling disconnect between user expectations of privacy on the internet and their legal realities. Users may not fully understand or appreciate the consequences of their actions when they decide to publish, only to later regret them without recourse. Normative behaviors around privacy on the web have also been shown to be more nuanced than previously thought. Recent scholarship has illustrated how community norms and the specific contexts in which individuals share information play an important role in shaping user notions of privacy. Although they choose to publish, these users may believe their audience is limited to only those they target or to a community that will respect normative boundaries. This leaves room for users to feel violated when their information is taken from one context and placed in a new context that they did not anticipate.
On the other hand, the web is often described as a one-to-many or many-to-many medium in which people are interconnected with indistinct boundaries in “networked publics.” Most information published to the web is indexed and discoverable by using search engines, and it is capable of being copied and stored indefinitely. Once published to the web, a user effectively relinquishes control, making it ostensibly public. In many respects, these characteristics lend support to the argument that information on the web should be considered public, regardless of what users expect or intend. Indeed, they are often cited by researchers and IRBs as the basis for why studies that use information mined from the web are currently subject to minimal oversight in practice.
Changes to the public-private distinction may be on the horizon
Ethicists and researchers are increasingly flagging the lack of clear ethical guidance as problematic, and changes to the public-private distinction as used in research may be on the horizon. In 2013 the US Department of Health and Human Services, the agency responsible for administering the Common Rule, released draft guidelines that urge researchers to note “expressed norms or requests in a virtual space, which — although not technically binding — still ought to be taken into consideration.” A number of associations within the field of social science have also begun crafting new ethical guidelines for data mining practices which, among other things, suggest deliberative decision-making processes to help researchers identify potential risks on a case-by-case basis. While these developments give some clues to the trajectory of new policy and ethics, more research and public debate is needed to better understand the potential risks to users.
This essay first appeared in the Internet Monitor project's second annual
report, Internet Monitor 2014: Reflections on the Digital World, and developed in collaboration with the Privacy Tools for Sharing Research Data project at Harvard University. The report, published by the Berkman Center for Internet & Society, is a collection of roughly three dozen short contributions that highlight and discuss some of the most compelling events and trends in the digitally networked environment over the past year. The Privacy Tools for Sharing Research Data project is supported by NSF grant CNS-1237235. Illustration by Willow Brugh.
Image caption Foreclosure filings were up 1.67% from 2009, figures show
Banks repossessed a record one million US homes in 2010, and could surpass that number this year, figures show.
Foreclosure tracker RealtyTrac said about five million homeowners were at least two months behind on their mortgage payments.
Foreclosures are likely to remain numerous while unemployment remains stubbornly high, the group said.
Among the worst hit states were Nevada, Arizona, Florida and California, once at the heart of the housing boom.
Peak ahead
Nevada had the highest foreclosure rate for the fourth year in a row, with one in 11 housing units receiving a foreclosure notice, and RealtyTrac said more than half the nation's foreclosures occurred in Arizona, California, Florida, Illinois and Michigan.
RealtyTrac said 2.9 million US households were subject to a foreclosure filing last year, up 1.67% from 2009.
"2011 is going to be the peak," senior vice-president Rick Sharga told the Associated Press news agency.
Foreclosures slowed toward the end of 2010 amid revelations that banks had based the proceedings on improper documentation, but the pace is likely to rebound in the first quarter of 2011, Mr Sharga said.
(covers information from several alternate timelines Multiple realities
"Admiral Kirk sent seventy of us into exile on this... barren sand heap, with only the contents of these cargo bays to sustain us."
"You lie! On Ceti Alpha V, there was life! A fair chance –"
"THIS IS CETI ALPHA V!!!"
Ceti Alpha V was the fifth planet of the Ceti Alpha system, in Sector 25712. It was home to the non-sentient Ceti eels, and briefly hosted a colony made up by the crew of the SS Botany Bay.
The planet was described as "barely Minshara-class" in 2156 and "habitable, although a bit savage, somewhat inhospitable" in 2267. However, shortly thereafter its orbit shifted and it became decidedly more hostile. (TOS: "Space Seed"; ENT: "Twilight"; Star Trek II: The Wrath of Khan)
Ceti Alpha V was located a considerable distance from the Delphic Expanse and the planet Denobula as well as three days away from Regula I at an unspecified warp speed. The nearest starbase was Starbase 12. (ENT: "Twilight"; TOS: "Space Seed"; Star Trek II: The Wrath of Khan)
Contents show]
History Edit
In 2267, after discovering the Botany Bay adrift in space in an unnamed sector, the ancient spacecraft was rigged for towing by crew from the Enterprise. Traveling at warp factor 2, the Enterprise, with the Botany Bay traveling alongside, entered the adjacent Sector 25712 on a heading toward the sector's command base - Starbase 12. This heading brought the starship near the Ceti Alpha star system. After a failed spacejacking by Khan Noonien Singh, he, his lover Marla McGivers, and his Augment followers were settled on this planet by Captain James T. Kirk. (TOS: "Space Seed")
Only six months later, Ceti Alpha VI exploded, shifting Ceti Alpha V's orbit and turning it into a desert-like world, dominated by craylon gas, sand and high-velocity winds. The planet thus became inimical to life, with the only remaining known indigenous species being the Ceti eel.
In 2285, the USS Reliant visited the planet as part of Project Genesis. Mistaking it for Ceti Alpha VI, Captain Clark Terrell and XO Commander Pavel Chekov beamed down to the surface, only to be taken prisoner by Khan and his surviving followers. Khan then hijacked the Reliant and stranded its crew on the planet's surface. The crew were later recovered by the USS Enterprise, following Khan's death at the Battle of the Mutara Nebula. (Star Trek II: The Wrath of Khan)
In an alternate timeline, Ceti Alpha V was the refuge for the last 6,000 members of the Human race from 2156 to 2165 – survivors of the devastating Xindi attacks on Earth and its colonies – as it was far from the Delphic Expanse. The colony's location was kept secret for a great deal of time, but a Yridian discovered it by tailing Doctor Phlox, thus allowing the Xindi to attack. (ENT: "Twilight")
Ceti Alpha V inhabitants Edit
Khan Noonien Singh and his followers including Ling, McPherson, Otto, Joaquin, Joachim, Rodriguez, and Kati, as well as Marla McGivers were the first known settlers.
Temporary inhabitants included the crew of the Reliant comprising of Kyle (a commander at that time), Helmsman Beach, and others.
Ceti Alpha V in 2285 Commander Pavel Chekov and Captain Clark Terrell on Ceti Alpha V in 2285
Add an image to this gallery
Appendices Edit
Appearances Edit
Background information Edit
Starbase 12's sector was named in The Next Generation episode "Aquiel".
In the script of ENT: "Twilight", a scene description referring to a view of Ceti Alpha V from space in 2156 characterized the planet as "a dry, inhospitable-looking Class-M planet." In the same script, the surface view of Ceti Alpha V as of 2165 was described thus: "Dozens of makeshift Human dwellings are clustered in this small valley. We're on a harsh but habitable Class-M world... only a few occasional patches of vegetation are visible here and there."
The writers joked on the audio commentary for "Twilight" that, if it wasn't bad enough the Xindi killed off almost all of Humanity, a hundred years from "Twilight", Ceti Alpha V would have been destroyed as well.
For "Twilight", a digital matte painting of the surface of Ceti Alpha V was created by Black Pool Studios. [1]
The Star Trek Encyclopedia (4th ed., vol. 1, p. 128) located Ceti Alpha V in the Mutara sector.
According to Star Trek: Star Charts ("United Federation of Planets II") and Stellar Cartography: The Starfleet Reference Library ("Federation Historical Highlights, 2161-2385"), the Ceti Alpha system was located in the Beta Quadrant.
Apocrypha Edit
The spin-off novel To Reign in Hell: The Exile of Khan Noonien Singh explicitly addressed the above issue. Spock postulated that Ceti Alpha VI's destruction and the environmental impacts on Ceti Alpha V had another, shared cause (possibly a small black hole passing through the system), while apparently the miscounting resulted from the Reliant's crew counting inward, finding the outermost planet (and mistaking the remains of Ceti Alpha VI for part of an outer asteroid belt).
In Vonda N. McIntyre's novelization of Star Trek: The Wrath of Khan, the planet is called Alpha Ceti V. There was some dialogue between the Reliant's bridge crew speculating about the cause of the discrepancy between the planet count of the system reported by an old interstellar probe (20) and the current count (19) – one possible conclusion they drew was that the limitations of the probe's imaging systems had led to inaccurate data being reported. This dialogue occurred shortly before Terrell and Chekov decided to beam down to the planet.
DENNIS STOCK (1955) Roy Schatt's LIFE Magazine spread wasn't ultimately picked up. However, several months after the Torn Sweater photoshoot, James Dean embarked upon a country-wide photo-taking journey with another photographer/collaborator/friend — Dennis Stock. (This journey is the subject of a new film from Anton Corbijn called, appropriately, LIFE. I haven't seen it yet; I'm waiting to buy the BluRay next month). One of the core tenets of the James Dean mythos, known by every Dean fan, are the basic details of his biography. Specifically, how much of his life was informed by where he grew up — the tiny town of Fairmount, Indiana. Fairmount is so central to Dean fandom that thousands upon thousands of people gather there every year for a festival celebrating his life and legacy, occurring in September every year on the anniversary of his death. I went last year. It was awesome. In early 1955, Dennis Stock anticipated that Dean's fame would soon explode, and that fans would be interested in learning where the star came from. He pitched a story to LIFE to coincide with the release of East of Eden, Dean's first starring role. To craft the photo essay, Dennis and Dean would travel to the three locations where the actor spent most of his life, photographing Jimmy in each of the three worlds in which he moved — the picturesque small-town farm in Fairmount where he grew up, the New York City theatre district, and the studio back-lots of Hollywood. What resulted is a series of environmental portraits that invite us to look beyond the famous face to the personality behind it, to “see the star in his natural habitat.” In a recent retrospective, LIFE reflected, “[These photos] offer us a chance to experience the jolt that must have raced through countless readers in the late winter of 1955, as they gazed at Stock's portraits of this beautiful, thrilling young star, all the while knowing, knowing, that he would be with them, starring in movies, for years to come.” (Images: Magnum) 1. Fairmount: The Winslow Farm
Left: In Fairmount's Park Cemetery, they came upon the grave of Cal Dean, Jimmy's great-grandfather. Stock writes that they were both “struck by the coincidence,” as Jimmy's character in the soon-to-be-released EAST OF EDEN was also named Cal.
2. Fairmount: Cousin Markie Dennis Stock captured some fantastic photos of Jimmy playing with his little cousin, Markie. They're some of my favorites, and they're not quite as frequently-published, so I thought I'd include a few here.
3. Fairmount High School While in town, Jimmy returned to his high school, having graduated eight years earlier, to attend a high school dance. He'd been on TV, and the town had been closely following his career, so he found himself beset by requests for autographs. Stock writes, “For Jimmy it was going home… But it was also the realization that the meteoric rise to fame that had already begun…had cut him off forever from his small-town Midwestern origins, and that he could never really go home again.”
I love the expression on his face as he shakes a younger schoolmate's hand; he seems so genuinely appreciative of the attention.
Jimmy accompanied the band on the bongos. Right: reflecting, in a former classroom. I love how this captures Stock's sense that Jimmy felt he couldn't go home again.
4. Fairmount — Funeral Home While walking around Fairmount, Jimmy led Dennis into the furniture store, which also sold coffins. To Dennis's chagrin, Dean hopped into a coffin and posed playfully. At first, Stock found the affair morbid, but then he took pictures of Dean clowning around… and finally, he snapped a shot of Dean sitting up, looking pensive, perhaps pondering his own mortality. He would return to this funeral home seven months later, in a coffin of his own.
5. Jimmy's Apartment on W. 68th St., NYC. After Fairmount, they moved on to New York. Dennis captured Jimmy in his W. 68th Street apartment, with a characteristic photographer's eye for detail. He makes sure to include essential items from around the room in each portrait, giving us clues, we sense, to solving the James Dean puzzle. We sense Jimmy's love of bullfighting, for example, and we find ourselves looking over his bookshelf, trying to get a sense of whom the man was from what he read. (In the book that collects these photos, Stock writes, “Jimmy had a need to be surrounded by books, but I'm not sure he was a real reader.”) I love the salaciousness of Jimmy inviting LIFE Magazine readers into his bedroom. What, we are asked by the bemused expression on his face to imagine, goes on in this movie star's bed?
6. The Streets of New York City During the days they spent in New York, they took walks, Dennis photographing Jimmy anywhere and everywhere. Jimmy spent a few years in New York, on stage and on the small screen; once more, Dennis was capturing the actor in an environment that formed who he was and what he did. Here are a few of my favorites.
7. Times Square Dennis Stock is responsible for one of the most iconic photos of the 20th century: James Dean, alone in the rain, in the middle of Times Square. It's the photo that Dean is perhaps most remembered for; more than any other photo of him, it represents an entire era, and has been reproduced so many times on so many trinkets and posters and in so many books that it'd be impossible to track them all. First, some outtakes, and then the shot that ran in the eventual LIFE spread.
Tethered to an oxygen tank 24 hours a day because of emphysema and life-threatening sleep apnea, Ms. Virgil lost her apartment and has alternated between a sofa in her daughter's crowded house and a friend's place as she waits for an answer to her appeal.
“It's been hell,” said Ms. Virgil, 44, who finally got her hearing in November and is awaiting the outcome. “I've got no money for Christmas, I move from house to house, and I'm getting really depressed.”
The disability process is complex, and the standard for approval has, from the inception of the program in the 1950s, been intentionally strict to prevent malingering and drains on the treasury. But it is also inevitably subjective in some cases, like those involving mental illness or pain that cannot be tested.
In a standard tougher than those of most private plans, recipients must prove that because of physical or mental disabilities they are unable to do “any kind of substantial work” for at least 12 months — if an engineer could not do his job but could work as a clerk, he would not qualify — or prove that an illness is expected “to result in death.”
In a recent interview, the commissioner of Social Security, Michael J. Astrue, said that outright fraud was rare but that many cases on appeal were borderline. In addition, widely publicized charges in the 1970s that money had been wasted on recipients whose conditions improved led to tighter scrutiny.
Of the roughly 2.5 million disability applicants each year now, about two-thirds are turned down initially by state agencies, which make decisions with federal oversight based on paper records but no face-to-face interview. Most of those who are refused give up at that point or after a failed request for local reconsideration.
But of the more than 575,000 who go on to file appeals — putting them in the vast line for a hearing before a special federal judge — two-thirds eventually win a reversal.
Photo
Mr. Astrue and other officials attribute the high number of reversals to several causes. Those who file appeals tend to be those with stronger cases and lawyers who help them gather persuasive medical data. During the extended waiting period, a person's condition may worsen, strengthening the case. The judges see applicants in person and have more discretion to grant benefits in borderline cases.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Requiring face-to-face interviews at the initial stage could reduce the number of appeals, Mr. Astrue said, “but given the huge volume of cases coming through, it would be incredibly costly, and the Congress is not willing to fund that.”
The growing delays in the appeal process over the last decade resulted in part from litigation and financing shortages that prevented the hiring of new administrative law judges. In addition, the number of applications is rising as baby boomers reach their 50s and 60s.
“Once the system got overloaded, it fell farther and farther behind,” said Rick Warsinskey, legislative director of the National Council of Social Security Management Associations, which represents managers from the agency.
If approved, those who have paid into Social Security receive income comparable to retirement benefits, averaging more than $1,000 a month and potentially more. The poor, and severely disabled children, receive Supplemental Security Income checks that will be $637 a month in 2008.
Charles T. Hall's law firm in Raleigh has the state's largest disability practice, with six lawyers representing some 2,500 clients, usually working on contingency and collecting 25 percent of back payments, to a limit of $5,300. Mr. Hall said that about one client a month died while awaiting a hearing. Far more clients, he said, run out of money and are evicted from rental units or lose their homes.
In the past, said Walter Patterson, a disability lawyer in Statesville, N.C., clients who received a foreclosure warning were pushed up the waiting list for quicker hearings. But as the hearing offices have become overwhelmed, he said, they now expedite cases only after seeing an actual eviction notice — usually too late to help.
Thomas Airington, 48, who formerly ran a car-emissions testing business, was told his appeal, filed last spring, would be expedited when he showed officials an eviction notice. In the meantime he lost the house, which his parents had bequeathed him. A hearing date has still not been set.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
“If I'd been approved in time, I could have saved my house,” said Mr. Airington, who is staying with a brother near Raleigh.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Mr. Airington has pins in his spine from a car accident in 1992, shattered a knee when he fell 30 feet in 2005, has nerve damage in his feet and chronic arthritis and depression. The rejection letter he is appealing said, “We have determined that the condition is not severe enough to preclude work.”
Mr. Airington said he tried a desk job but found he could not sit for long, and tried working as a stocker in a grocery store but could not reach for shelves. Whatever the outcome, he, like many applicants, is in limbo while he waits.
The extended delays can also mean extra burdens for state welfare agencies. In New York State, about half the 38,000 people now waiting on disability appeals, for an average of 21 months, are receiving cash assistance from the state, said Michael Hayes, spokesman for the Office of Temporary and Disability Assistance.
Mr. Astrue, the latest of several Social Security commissioners to promise speedier decisions, said the agency had already taken steps to ensure quicker initial approval for those most clearly eligible and was holding more hearings by video.
Photo
But by all accounts, a major increase in money, judges and support staff will be needed to have a significant impact.
Mr. Astrue said that if the budget impasse continued for too long, leaving the agency budget at its current level, “not only will we not do any hiring, we're looking at furloughs.”
A first step of raising the number of judges to 1,200 will require at least $100 million extra for the agency beyond the $9.6 billion that President Bush has proposed for the 2008 fiscal year, Mr. Astrue said. Within a wide-ranging, $151 billion health, education and labor bill passed in November, the Democratic-controlled Congress voted for a $275 million increase for the agency. But Mr. Bush vetoed the bill, calling it profligate.
If the stalemate continues, the government will probably operate on the basis of continuing resolutions, which will keep agency spending at last year's level and doom the plan to add judges.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Richard and Vicki Wild and their adult son Mark, of Hillsborough, N.C., were mystified that Mark's case would ever require a judge.
Hospitalized with increasing frequency since his severe diabetes was discovered at age 19, when he was found unconscious in a bus station, Mark Wild was eager to work as a chef. But over 15 years, he tried and lost jobs as a waiter and a cook. He had to drop out of culinary school because he was hospitalized so often, his parents said.
“We had 10 years' worth of hospital records and unanimous opinions from the doctors,” said Richard Wild, 62, who until recently was a computer analyst. But his son's initial application was turned down in 2003.
The family had sunk into debt because of medical bills, nearly losing their house of 30 years, but found a lawyer to file an appeal. The son, by then in his mid-30s, had to wait two more years to get a hearing scheduled, with no income and little life outside his parents' home and the hospital.
As his hearing date in October 2006 approached, Mark Wild told his parents that he feared another rejection. “It was his last chance at any dignity, and he said if they turned him down it would be too much to take,” recalled Mrs. Wild, a nurse.
On Tuesday, Oct. 17, 2006, just a few days before the hearing, Mrs. Wild woke up to find her son gone. On his desk lay his watch, his ring and a bullet.
On that Thursday, Mrs. Wild, 55, got a call at work from their lawyer. “I just wanted to give you the good news,” she said he told her. “Somehow the judge has already approved the disability, it's a done deal, Mark's got it.”
Two hours later, a deputy sheriff and a chaplain arrived to say that hunters had found Mark Wild's body in the woods, dead of a self-inflicted gunshot wound.
“No one can say for sure, but we're convinced that his despondency and fear about the disability decision contributed to his death,” said Mrs. Wild, who wears a pinch of her son's ashes in a small tube on a necklace.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Mr. Wild has tried to go back to work, but says he is so depressed he cannot do his job. He is applying for disability, but knows that he cannot expect an answer anytime soon.
“If you're like most Americans, you've been groggy all day after losing an hour of sleep to Daylight Saving. And as you struggle to remember the clock on your fucking microwave, you may have wondered: Why is this happening?”
On Sunday night, Last Week Tonight''s John Oliver took on the controversial (and near-universally derided) Daylight Saving Time—when Americans and 69 other unfortunate countries roll back the clock an hour in the fall and jump one hour ahead in the spring, sadistically screwing with people's internal clocks. It was the latest addition to his excellent sketch, “How Is This Still A Thing?”
No, contrary to popular belief, the practice has nothing to do with farmers. The Germans adopted it as a fuel-saving measure during World War I. And in the modern era, e.g., when Indiana adopted Daylight Saving Time in 2006, it led to a 1 percent increase in energy consumption. Oh, and studies have shown there's an increase in car accidents and work-related injuries in the week after the time change. Yeesh.
Watch John Oliver rip Daylight Saving Time a new one on HBO's Last Week Tonight. Preach.
ANALYSIS/OPINION:
It may be some consolation to Barack Obama that - perhaps as the highest tribute to his eloquence - the Republican Party has appropriated many of the key words he uses. In the blink of an eye, the party of national security, limited government and family values has become the party of “reform.”
Mr. Obama repeatedly used the words “hope,” “change” and “unity.” throughout his campaign to win the nomination. He called for an end to the bickering in Washington and for a new era of bipartisanship. He also called for renewed patriotism: “There are no red states or blue states. There is the United States of America.” He also sounded a populist note, pledging to give the government back to the people. At home and abroad, Mr. Obama presents himself as the future and derides much that came before him - George Bush, the Republicans, even some Clinton Democrats - as the “failed policies of the past.”
The McCain campaign has managed to brilliantly craft a message that attempts at once to preserve the core Republican identity, while also tapping into the call for change that is sweeping America.
Former Democrat now independent, Sen. Joe Lieberman, delivered a speech Tuesday night at the Republican convention in which he echoed Mr. Obama's major theme by stating that our Founding Fathers “foresaw the danger of this kind of senseless partisanship.” He touted his own speech at a Republican convention as an example of a new direction: “What, after all, is a Democrat like me doing at a Republican convention like this? The answer is simple. I'm here to support John McCain because country matters more than party.” He emphasized that Mr. McCain is working to “break through the partisan gridlock and special interests that are poisoning our politics.”He declared: “The McCain-Palin ticket is the real ticket for change this year.” He saw Mr. McCain as the transformative candidate who is “a restless reformer, who will clean up Washington and get your government working again for you.”
On Wednesday night, former New York Mayor Rudy Giuliani said Mr. McCain is “the kind of change we need.”He also said Mr. McCain is “the candidate with the real record of bipartisan cooperation. He's the candidate that can credibly reach out for the votes of Independents and Democrats. ” Also, he touted Sarah Palin as “the future.” He stated that “Governor Palin represents a new generation.” She is “the kind of reformer we need - she shook up Alaska. She'll shake up Washington.”
For her part, Mrs. Palin also sounded the same themes: “Americans expect us to go to Washington for the right reasons, and not just to mingle with the right people.” She presented herself as a reformer who has stood up to “special interests, the lobbyists, big oil companies, and the good-ol' boys network.” She stated that Mr. Obama's big-government agenda would result in “more orders from Washington.” She derided Mr. Obama's ability to make real change: “In politics there are some candidates who use change to promote their careers. And then there are those, like John McCain, who use their careers to promote change.” She painted Mr. McCain as the anti-establishment candidate: “Our nominee doesn't run with the Washington herd. He's a man to serve his country, and not just his party.” She concluded that those who seek “hope” and “change” should join the McCain-Palin cause.
In his acceptance speech, Mr. McCain also lambasted Washington and promised reform: “And let me offer an advance warning to the old, big spending, do nothing, me first, country second Washington crowd: change is coming.” He presented himself as one who rises above party affiliations: “I've fought corruption and it didn't matter if the culprits were Democrats or Republicans.” He also brought attention to Republican abrogation of their principles: “We were elected to change Washington, and we let Washington change us.” He pledged to create a truly bipartisan administration: “I will ask Democrats and independents to serve with me.” He insisted that he would legislate with anyone who would help him: “I will reach out my hand to anyone to help me get this country moving again.”
The McCain campaign has appropriated Mr. Obama's calling cards. The party that has occupied the White House for the last eight years, has dominated Congress for 10 of the last 12 years and has a nominee that has been in Washington for 35 years is now selling itself as the new kid on the block. It is a difficult tightrope to walk: Mr. McCain is trying to have it both ways. But if there is a Washington insider who can do it, that insider is John McCain.
Copyright © 2019 The Washington Times, LLC. Click here for reprint permission.
Since the vast majority of people are referring to the male sex when they use the terms he, him, and his and the female sex when they use the terms she, her, and hers, they do not misgender anyone with pronouns. Some of these people have called me he and him, but that's because they thought I was male, not because they thought I had any particular gender identity. They sex and mis-sex people with pronouns, but they do not gender or misgender anyone with pronouns. Most people don't even know what gender identity means, so they certainly aren't ascribing any gender identity to anyone.
Only people who subscribe to the concepts of gender identity and gender-based pronouns (rather than sex-based pronouns) can misgender, and they can only really misgender people who share those ideas. They can't exactly misgender people who don't identify with gender, but they can misidentify and misunderstand them,and, as far as I know, only people who subscribe to the concept of gender identity have perpetrated this misidentification on me.
They say I have special womanly feelings that I don't have. They seem to think I'm content to be treated like a woman, but I'm not. I have never heard or read a one of them describe the female gender identity in any terms other than femininity and sex-based stereotypes, so I'm sure that I don't have a female gender identity. “Female gender identity” isn't even a sensible term because sex and gender are mixed in the same phrase. How can anyone have a gender identity that is a sex?
Some told me that I “identify as a woman,” but when they “identify,” they just call themselves whatever they want, sometimes insistingor desperately desiring that other people go along with it. I don't do that, so I must not identifyin the way they “identify.” I don't even bother to correct people when they call me “he.” I don't care anywhere near as much about pronouns as the people who subscribe to gender identityseem to care. My self-perception, my concept of womonhood, and my concept of genderare radically different from theirs, so their notions of “identify” do not apply to me.
I do, however, identify as a target of female oppression. Not just a victim, but a target: subject to intentional victimization and disadvantage, which differs from the misogyny some males experience when they are mistaken for female. But identifying as a target of female oppression can't be a part of the concept of identifying as a woman as long as identifying as a woman is considered to apply to males, because males are not the targets of female oppression. So the concept of woman as a gender identity excludes an important part of my experience of being a womonand, again,doesn't apply to me.
One person suggested that I might be agender. But considering myself agender wouldn't make any sense unless I subscribed to the idea that some other people are the opposite of agender. Just as there can be no atheists without theists and no asexuals without sexuals, there can be no agender people without gendered people. Agender (and nonbinary, and genderqueer) is just another gender identity in the sense that both terms derive their meaning from a core belief in gendered human beings. A belief that I don't hold.
I can certainly see that some people seem very interested and invested in gender, but I don't have any reason to see gender as fundamental to who they are. I don't have any reason to think of anyone as gendered or having a gender identity.Some may want me to do so, but I'm not obliged to adopt their ideology.I owe them nothing more than acknowledgment of their ideology. Gender is just another construct; gender identity is just another narrative. If they were useful to me as construct and narrative, I might use them and observe themfor others' sake. But they aren't useful, so I don't use them.
Not only is the concept of gender identity not personally useful, it is based on patriarchal sex roles and used to dismiss and cover up the violent, coercive, and the misogynistic meaning, use, and origin of said sex roles aka gender roles. Subscribing to the concept would make me complicit in that dismissal and cover-up. Identifying with the ideology of female oppressors would be a form of self-harm. Even if I thought that identifying that way would benefit me, it would be egocentric to the point of misogyny to do so despite the implications for other females.
Since I don't view people as having gender identities and never ascribe any sort of gender to anyone, I can't possibly misgender anyone. To accuse me of misgendering is to project onto me an ideology that is misogynistic, ahistorical, and apolitical.
Regardless of how other people try to fit me into their gender ideology, I know that I do not identify with gender; therefore, I cannot have a gender identity. To misgender someone is to ascribe to that person a gender that differs from the person's self-proclaimed gender. The misgenderer believes that people are gendered and the misgendered identifies with gender: they share a gender-based ideology. Since I have no gender, to ascribe a gender to me at all is to project a gender-based ideology onto me and misidentify me far more fundamentally than misgendering misidentifies anyone.
Advertisements
The Monsanto Company produces a large volume of different chemicals, and many of them are also manufactured by competitors.
But when it comes to the dangerously carcinogenic PCBs that have wreaked havoc on towns and waterways across the country, Monsanto stands (virtually) alone: 99 percent of PCB production in the United States was done by the agricultural giant according to this report from the Food & Water Watch.
The chemicals are still being found in places they shouldn't be, however, and many towns are still dealing with the aftermath of their toxic legacy (see photos here).
On Monday, more allegations of immense harm were revealed as a lawsuit was filed against Monsanto in federal court by San Diego authorities over the alleged polluting of the city's bay with the carcinogenic chemicals, which were banned over 30 years ago but are still said to be showing up in sediment samples.
The PCBs (polychlorinated biphenyls) have also been identified in water samples and the tissues of fish, lobsters and other marine life according to the complaint.
“PCB contamination in and around the Bay affects all San Diegans and visitors who enjoy the Bay, who reasonably would be disturbed by the presence of a hazardous, banned substance in the sediment, water, and wildlife,” the lawsuit reads.
According to the EPA, PCBs have been shown to cause cancer, immune, reproductive and nervous system health problems while also damaging the endocrine system.
The city wants Monsanto to pay for cleanup costs and to cover the loss of natural resources as well.
Photo via Flickr. Click here to subscribe for updates from AltHealthWORKS.com.
A Message From the Founder Have you figured out what not to eat, but still have no idea what you actually should eat in order to truly THRIVE in this lifetime? Millions of people are seeing results on diets like Keto, Paleo, and Raw Vegan, but give up when the going gets tough because these diets are clearly not the easiest to follow long-term. Enter 'The THRIVERS DIET,' a simple, practical and most importantly sustainable diet and lifestyle guide from my good friend Derek Henry of the website Healing the Body. Derek overcame 13 different chronic disease conditions using the simple, concise plan found in this guide, and now he's offering it exclusively to AltHealthWorks readers. Order the guide today and you'll get access to all of Derek's secrets distilled into one easy-to-follow eBook, plus 70 free recipes, printable PDFs and much more. Grab Your Copy Now at a our special discounted rate before the price goes back up!
Comments
comments
The former girlfriend of a man convicted of killing Hamilton resident Tim Bosma pleaded guilty on Tuesday to obstructing justice in the case.
Christina Noudga was set to stand trial on the charge of accessory after the fact in the murder of Bosma, who vanished on May 6, 2013 after taking two men for a test drive in the truck he was trying to sell.
Noudga's ex-boyfriend, Dellen Millard, was convicted of first-degree murder in Bosma's death in June, along with his friend and co-accused Mark Smich.
The 24-year-old Noudga was arrested about a year after Bosma died and charged with accessory after the fact.
Her three-week trial was set to begin Tuesday, but instead Noudga pleaded guilty in a Hamilton court to the lesser charge of obstructing justice, her lawyer said.
"What is clear and accepted by everyone is that she was totally unaware that a homicide had taken place," Brian Greenspan told The Canadian Press in an interview.
Noudga was given a sentence of time served plus one day, according to a spokesman with Ontario's Ministry of the Attorney General.
Noudga's lawyer said his client satisfied the requirements of the one-day portion of her sentence by stepping briefly into custody following her plea. He explained that Noudga was given credit for the four months she spent in pre-trial custody and two years house arrest.
According to an agreed statement of facts in her case, Noudga admitted to removing certain evidence, but had no idea Bosma had been murdered.
Bosma's disappearance captured the country's attention after his family's calls for his return ended with his burned remains being found more than a week later in an animal incinerator -- dubbed "The Eliminator" -- on Millard's farm near Waterloo, Ont.
Nearly three years later Millard and Smich stood trial, a proceeding that lasted five months, before a jury found the pair guilty.
The Crown alleged Bosma was shot shortly after taking the pair on a test drive from his rural Hamilton home.
Smich took the stand in his own defence and told court Millard "looked like a lunatic" after he shot Bosma inside the truck. In Smich's version of the story, he followed behind in another truck and helped burn Bosma's body because he was terrified of Millard.
In Millard's version of events, which came through his lawyer because he didn't take the stand, he blamed Smich for shooting and killing Bosma.
According to the agreed statement of facts in Noudga's case, she said she cleaned up evidence after Millard was arrested and charged with the theft of Bosma's truck and forcible confinement of the Hamilton father, who was still missing at the time.
She was with Millard when he drove a large trailer to his mother's house in Kleinburg, Ont., a few days after Bosma vanished. The agreed statement of facts said Bosma's truck was in the trailer.
"There is no evidence that there was a discussion between Noudga and Millard as to what was in the trailer, or why it was being taken to Millard's mother's," the statement of facts said.
On May 10, Millard's mother, Madeleine Burns, told Noudga about Millard's arrest, according to the statement of facts.
The two women got together and decided to stay at a hotel to avoid the media. Then both drove back to Burns' home "and together wiped down the trailer hitch and the door locks to remove her and Burns' fingerprints that had been left there in dropping the trailer off the night before."
"Noudga was concerned about being associated with a crime and deliberately and with forethought she wiped her prints and Madeleine's prints from the trailer. This would have had the effect of removing Millard's fingerprints from the trailer locks and hitch," the statement of facts said.
She also admitted to helping Millard move the incinerator from a barn to the bush on his farm.
"Noudga maintains that any acts which may have assisted Millard were done not knowing that Tim Bosma had been murdered," the statement of facts said. "However, her actions may have left the impression that Millard could continue to count on her."
After Noudga's plea, her lawyer said the young woman has "very good prospects" for the future.
"She's completed a bachelor science degree with honours and looks forward to a career in the healthcare profession," Greenspan said. "And at the time of her relationship with Millard, it started when she was 18 and he was 25. And she was his girlfriend between the ages of 18 and 21 and that is an important feature for what happened."
The Cleveland Browns are attempting to rally around Brandon Weeden. His teammates led by T.J. Ward have indicated they believe in Weeden and believe he can do the job. Head Coach Rob Chudzinski has all but said they will roll with Weeden and while they will have a meeting discuss other potential candidates, have indicated they are not interested in free agent Josh Freeman. Weeden has given little indication that is the case but there are three reasons that could perhaps help Weeden going forward.
The first starts with the rest of the team. They rallied around and really seemed to believe in Hoyer and his ability to lead the team to enough points to win. While it was clunky as it could get, Weeden was able to lead the offense to enough points to win.
As bad as Weeden looked and there was plenty to criticize from holding onto the ball too long to staring down receivers, he did enough and he did it after virtually zero practice the past two weeks and none with the first to offense with Hoyer running yet show.
In an interview on the NFL Network after the game, Weeden talked about how decisive he is with the football and how quickly he gets rid of it. It is good that Weeden at least acknowledges what he needs to improve, which may help him the rest of the season, but he has to go and actually do it. Acknowledging his shrotcomings and then not being able to improve upon them will do this team no good.
With the Thursday night game, the Browns have a week and a half to prepare for the Detroit Lions, so Weeden needs to take advantage of every minute of every practice in that time to be more decisive and avoid holding the ball too long. He gets himself drilled with his pocket presence. While many seem to want to blame the offensive line, much of the problem is simply caused by Weeden's inability to operate in the pocket. He holds onto the ball too long which breeds coverage sacks and when he stares down receivers and cannot check down, it means he is missing open receivers and defenses can send more at him, which only worsens the problem.
With Hoyer out, even if he was essentially found money, it is not easy to find multiple quarterbacks who can play well. That is even more true when the Browns started with zero. Weeden said he would get another opportunity to start and that has turned out to be true, so he needs to make the most of the opportunity, because it is likely to be his last. As for the defense, they may be so confident at this point that they could put just about anyone back there and they could still feel like they could pull out a victory.
Now that the Texas Longhorns' coaching search - at least, the search for the head coach - is winding down with the hiring of Charlie Strong, it seems a good time to reflect back on the past 2+ months of insanity that gripped the Longhorn fanbase. One could argue this delusional merry go-round began in Provo, where Mack Brown's "This is Our Year!" bandwagon started shedding passengers faster than a ValuJet flight over the Everglades. With every Taysom Hill gallop, the agents for all the head coaches in the country started smiling a little bigger until their collective erection could be used as an emergency slide for the International Space Station. When Texas was gashed by Ole Miss & Mack had to shatter the "Break in Case of Manny Diaz" glass containing his GERG-sized emergency parachute, it was only natural that the speculation intensified into not only "is Mack done?" but also "who will replace him?".
None of this is unusual in and of itself, coaching changes happen every year at schools all over the country. What is unusual is the school involved: Texas is not any other school. With the revenue Texas generates, the Longhorn Network(available somewhere within 300 miles of you, probably!), the enormous fanbase, and the deep pockets likely to be involved in hiring a coach, the circus was coming to town and it was going to be enormous. And just like every circus, it needed carnies promising fantastic rides to anyone who paid for a ticket. The various Texas 'insider' sites all played their role in promoting these rides, each with their own narrative that they swore was the insideriest of them all, and they all said something different. These are the names I personally saw as 'the favorite' at one point in time:
Nick Saban
Jon Gruden
Jim Harbaugh
John Harbaugh
Charlie Strong
Nick Saban
Larry Fedora
Nick Saban
Pete Carroll
Mike Tomlin
Gus Malzahn
Bill O'Brien
Nick Saban
Urban Meyer
Nick Saban
James Franklin
Jim Mora
Jimbo Fisher
According to Jim(I might have made that one up)
There may have been more I didn't see, but this list alone shows a slice of the kind of names being thrown around by supposed 'insiders' who are paid to report on these kinds of things. It didn't end there, either; the financial numbers being thrown around by these sites for some of the coaches were just as outlandish. Most of them were attached to the White Whale aka Nick Saban - where I read everything from 10 years/$100 mil up to & including speculative oil deals that would 'make him whole' from (also alleged) bad real estate deals - but it wasn't hard to find contract offers to Fisher/Malzahn/Harbaugh that were $7-8 mil/year, either. Add on reports of wives touring/buying Austin homes, VIP security details on the 40 Acres, supposed sightings at Austin-area golf courses, and illicit meetings between coaches & guys like Red McCombs - again, not from random Internet posters but from people who are paid to vet these things - and the amount of unsubstantiated bullshit was as impressive as it was appalling. Hell, I haven't even mentioned the alleged tug of war between Powers & Patterson over Mack & the White Whale. It's frankly stunning to go back & recount the various stories that have floated out over the Longhorn Interwebs in the past 90 days.
And you know what? I bought into some of it. I thought Saban was coming to Texas, despite my best attempts to avoid confirmation bias & the echo chamber that is Texas football reporting. The Saban narrative included the AP confirming a long-whispered rumor(which, if we're being honest, was something one of the 'insider' sites nailed) that Texas boosters had reached out to the White Whale at the end of last season & he showed some interest. It's one of the few rumors that had an actual paper trail, a tangible piece of evidence to hang onto for the more skeptical amongst us. That's why I fell for the narrative despite it being a literally unprecedented coaching move in the history of the NCAA. (If somebody can find evidence of a college coach with multiple NCs at a top-5 school leaving for another college job without being fired or spending a stint in the NFL, please enlighten me because I haven't found it.) There's an allure to the narratives; they're enticing and they've got the requisite amount of truthiness to appeal to our innate desire to make every random event fit into an orderly reality.
The problems with most gossip 'insider' information are two-fold, 1) there's usually only a kernel of truth involved & 2) the source of this information has their own reason for passing the nugget along. As our esteemed colleague W.W.McClyde - he used to be a reporter, you may have heard him mention it - loves to say, everybody has an agenda. This is one of the basic truths of reporting: people rarely tell you anything just for the sake of telling you. They stand to gain something by handing you this information; it could be any number of things from financial rewards to status enhancement to altering the outcome of a fluid situation. It's safe to say that a number of the 'insiders' are relying on information from a combination of agents, boosters, and their hangers-on, which would make sense if you're trying to find out what's going on behind the scenes. The flip side of that coin is that these are the same people who stand to gain or lose the most by a particular narrative being pushed, so if you're one of the writers for InsideHornBloods247.com you need to guard against somebody pushing a narrative on you. This is where these sites have failed repeatedly over the last couple of months.
The specific reasons why each writer failed - be it incompetence, apathy, complicity, or some combination therein - is secondary to the source of the collective failure of this market to gain the credibility they so desire. (I don't mean to imply it's immaterial, but the purpose of this post is not to call out specific writers; I'm not here for scalps.) There has been a sea change in this particular market over the past couple of years. There have always been rumor mongers online, sites that would hand over every random piece of informational detritus they heard no matter how unlikely it seemed. There have also always been sites that were mouthpieces for various factions in the Texas sports landscape. The change is that they are now the rule rather than the exception. Sites that previously would hold off on posting anything before they could verify the veracity of their information are now hammering out notes full of allegedly 'confirmed' anecdotes that seems just as unlikely as the sites that were considered mouthpieces only a couple of years ago. It's as if most of the writers involved in this endeavor have turned off their information filters in favor of opening up the firehose.
Why have they done this? Because it's profitable. Because we devour it. Because as much as we hate to admit it, we're all entranced by the junior high rumor mill bullshit. We want to hear which Hobby Lobby Terry Saban is buying her macrame patterns from because JUST WAIT UNTIL I TELL EVERYBODY ABOUT IT ON TWITTER. We enable this behavior with our subscription fees, and we enable it when we openly root for one site & trash talk the others, essentially turning the various 'insider' sites into yet another field of battle with 2 teams to root for/against. We're feeding the beast, myself included.
This phenomenon isn't without precedent. The 'insider' sites are following the same well-worn path blazed by other news media. Even though it was about as subtle as a sledgehammer to the scrotum in making its point, 'Anchorman 2' hits the nail on the head when it shows the devolution of media from thoughtful reporting to its current form. I guess I shouldn't be surprised that the 'insider' sites have devolved into being mouthpieces for various factions(I'll let others decide who is Fox News, MSNBC, & Infowars), I just wish it wasn't that way. The writers for these sites - assuming they aren't content to pass along whatever they're told to print - would be well-served spending a little time in February taking a hard look at everything they reported during this coaching search & analyzing where they missed, why they missed, and how they can avoid it in the future.
If you were led down a specific (and clearly incorrect) path by their sources, perhaps it's time to take advice from noted financial guru, GZA and diversify your sources. I'm not expecting any writer to be right 100% of the time, with a situation as fluid as this one there are going to be misses. What I am expecting - and what I'm willing to PAY for - is a site with writers who can sift through the agendas & find the reality of the situation at a given point in time. This isn't an easy task, I understand that. That's why I'm willing to spend my money supporting those who can demonstrate their ability to consistently cut through the bullshit to the heart of the situation. I can get ridiculous rumors & off-the-wall conspiracies for free from Twitter; what I'll pay for is analysis, even if it is a bit slower than the other sites. I may be in the minority in valuing substance & quality over immediacy & quantity; this may be the clarion call of an endangered species. It doesn't make it any less disappointing that the niche of reporting I used to thoroughly enjoy is losing ground to TMZ-style rumor mills.
New York, NY. December 10, 2009 -- On Thursday morning, a group of friends and colleagues, mostly middle-aged, sat and chatted over coffee at a midtown deli near Grand Central Station. Then Laurie Wen, an organizer with the Mobilization for Healthcare for All, showed up with a box of granola bars and a bag full of T-shirts, and everybody cheerfully rolled up their sleeves to write the number of an attorney on their forearms.
Two hours later most of them were in jail, and the "fourth wave" of a nationwide campaign to use civil disobedience to push for a single-payer plan had delivered its demands to the doorstep of Senator Chuck Schumer's midtown Manhattan office.
It's a particularly poignant day for Rich Marini, one of the advance team of people sitting here today -- and not in a good way.
"Ironically, today is the day that my company stopped providing health care to its employees," says Marini of Staten Island, a programmer at an IT firm called Tango Inc. "Henceforth all employees will have to pay in out of pocket about $8,000 a year. We were all told we have the "opportunity to re-enroll."
On the second floor of the deli, Laurie reminds everybody that in at least 20 other cities across the country, people are sitting in at the offices of health insurance companies and politicians. Senator Chuck Schumer has raised the ire of these activists in New York because of his role in recent negotiations in the Senate to lower the age of eligibility of Medicate from 65 to 55. The catch: this is viewed by many as a way to abandon the public option, or any anemic version thereof that remains in legislation currently being considered by the Senate. This bit of horse-trading is seen by activists here as a paltry trade-off, and one that reflects the senator's friendliness to the insurance industry over the desires of his constituents. According to OpenSecrets.org, Schumer is the biggest recipient in Congress of donations from the HMO/Health Services category, raking in $99,650 in campaign contributions this year. At press time a message left with Senator Schumer's New York press office was not returned.
"The frustration of his constituents is very real," says Dr. Laura Boylan, a neurologist who and member of Physicians for a National Health Program while marching in a boisterous picket line in front of Schumer's office before giving a brief address to the crowd. "He's claimed to be for single-payer in the past, but he hasn't moved on anything. I don't want to see any more people who have bleeding in heir brain because they can't afford to take care of their diabetes. We're not going away."
One thing that's impossible to ignore about this emerging movement is the willingness of health care professionals here in New York, and across the country, to risk arrest and the resulting legal headaches, borne out of their experiences in the trenches of America's dysfunctional health care system.
"In my work, I see a lot of poor women who won't be covered by the Democrats' new plan," says Dan Murphy, a 35-year old medical student with close-cropped blond hair wearing dark blue scrubs. Dan, who specializes in OBGYN, is one of the first to link arms with fellow activists in front of Schumer's office, obstructing foot traffic in and out of the building. And he's one of the last to be handcuffed and pulled to his foot before being deposited in a paddy wagon nearby. At the end of the action nine had been arrested on the relatively light charges of disorderly conduct.
A mistake during an EPA attempt to clean up a mine caused millions of gallons of toxic wastewater to pour into the Animas river in Colorado. The EPA has pledged to clean up their mess, and is amazingly getting help from Mother Earth:
.@EPA reports CO's Animas River seems to be restoring itself after a sludge spill, toxicity levels are going down pic.twitter.com/OVW9Vlc4v2 — CBS This Morning (@CBSThisMorning) August 14, 2015
Well what do you know!
EPA says cow farts cause global warming, but then say "This River Is Restoring Itself" http://t.co/8U9bwBhQhB pic.twitter.com/VFtKwIdN2h — Opinions from CA (@PhilippeHeller) August 13, 2015
Funny, that!
The planet has restorative powers, but only if the EPA caused the problem, apparently.
@PhilippeHeller #EPAspill ANY CONVENIENT ARGUMENT Then WHY DO WE NEED YOU ??! DUMB Asses #TRUMP FIRE THEM ALL — RJ (@UnitedCitizen01) August 14, 2015
@PhilippeHeller Heads are gonna' roll after this river fiasco, said no one — Roy Schroeder (@Flounder6978) August 14, 2015
@PhilippeHeller @veriphile but the BP oil in the Gulf of Mexico was going to affect fishing for decades. — TRoYPaLMeR:~$_ (@tap364) August 13, 2015
Remember when Obama regime did a $20 billion shakedown of BP over the Gulf oil spill? Where's the reciprocation? https://t.co/mAp3gawop9 — Christopher G. Adamo (@CGAdamo) August 13, 2015
EPA sayBP Gulf damage would not restore itself, but then says. "This River Is Restoring Itself"http://t.co/xUKVZ5HK4G pic.twitter.com/5RAy0XK5OU — LurkingForFreedom (@7kidchaos) August 14, 2015
What would the reaction be if a GOP-appointed EPA head said "the river is restoring itself" after a toxic spill? http://t.co/jtoCHIOQxo — Jim Tankersley (@jimtankersley) August 13, 2015
***
Related:
Obama and his EPA won't appreciate this new brand of ‘liberal Kool Aid'
‘Make it stop!' Michelle Malkin pounds EPA for unwelcome response to river contamination
Real-life Toxic Avenger Gov. John Hickenlooper drinks from contaminated river, gains no superpowers
The music-sharing service recruits a U.S. financial reporting specialist ahead of possible IPO
David Paul Morris / Bloomberg via Getty Images
The popular online music streaming service Spotify may be preparing for an initial public offering, as it recruits a U.S. financial reporting specialist required for an IPO.
Companies that plan to go public have to meet U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) standards for filing financial disclosures, and Spotify has advertised for a specialist that can assist in financial filings, Reuters reports.
Bankers and lawyers have interpreted Spotify's search for a financial reporting specialist as a sign the company is preparing to go public. “It looks like they are preparing themselves for an IPO,” a corporate finance lawyer who is not advising the firm told Reuters.
The Swedish startup has been raising money, bringing in $250 million in funding in November. The company could be worth as much as $8 billion.
Spotify declined to comment on whether it has IPO plans.
[Reuters]
President Duterte warns China that if they can't 'understand each other' the Philippine military has no choice but to defend the country's sovereign rights
Published 5:21 PM, August 24, 2016
RIZAL, Philippines – China cannot continue to avoid an international arbitral tribunal's ruling favoring the Philippines in the West Philippine Sea (South China Sea) dispute, President Rodrigo Duterte said on Wednesday, August 24.
Duterte made the statement while addressing soldiers at Camp General Mateo Capinpin in Tanay, Rizal, his 15th visit to a military camp in little over a month.
"I hope China is dealing with us in good faith. But we are not insisting on the arbitral judgement....They better come up with what they want. Because whether we like it or not, that arbitral judgement will be insisted not only by the Philippines but by the whole countries here in Southeast Asia," the President said.
He introduced the topic while discussing the requirements of the Armed Forces of the Philippines that he promised to fulfill.
Duterte, who said previously he would rather not "flaunt" the historic ruling to protect the Philippines' bilateral talks with China on the dispite, reminded the Asian giant that other countries are affected by the ruling.
"May tama lahat 'yan eh (All will be hit)," he said, naming Thailand, Brunei, Malaysia, and Indonesia as among the countries who have claims over parts of the South China Sea.
The United States, he said, is also insisting on using the ruling to settle the dispute.
"Gagamitin tayo ng Amerika. [Sasabihin nila] 'Eh ikaw 'yung nanalo diyan (America will use us). [It will say] 'You won there, you insist on it,'" said Duterte.
No choice
The President warned that if the Philippines and China "cannot understand each other," he will have no choice but to ensure the country is ready to defend its sovereign rights.
"I'm afraid if we cannot understand each other, we have to pray for that. I guarantee to them kung kayo pumasok dito (if you enter here), it will be bloody. And we will not give it to them easily," he said.
This is Duterte's most provocative statement to China in his presidency.
He said the Philippine government would have to find "what way can we best defend our country."
Duterte said the AFP needs 20,000 additional soldiers but he can only commit 10,000 more this year and another 10,000 in 2017, as recommended by Defense Secretary Delfin Lorenzana.
"It will be the bones of our soldiers, pati na 'yung sa akin (as well as mine). We will not allow any country to bamboozle us," he added.
China's move
The ball, he said, is in China's court.
He said the Chinese government has offered to help build drug rehabilitation centers in military camps, something Duterte is grateful for.
Duterte also said he has asked Philippine National Police chief Director General Ronald dela Rosa to go to China to inspect "armaments against drugs."
But these promises of assistance will not erase the Hague ruling that stands between the Philippines and China, he said.
"We will not raise hell now about the judgement but there will come a time that they have to do some reckoning about this," he said.
Duterte's mention of the Southeast Asian countries involved in the dispute comes two weeks before the Association of Southeast Asian Nations (ASEAN) Summit in Laos which he will attend.
The President said he does not plan to raise the maritime dispute during the gathering unless another country brings it up. – Rappler.com
A new opinion poll shows Fine Gael and Fianna Fáil continuing to make gains at the expense of other parties.
The Sunday Times/Behaviour and Attitudes poll of almost 1,000 voters was conducted between 26 October and 7 November last.
Compared to the last similar poll in October, the findings show Fine Gael up three points to 34% while Fianna Fáil is up four points to 31%.
Sinn Féin is down five points to 14%.
Independents are down four points at 8% while there is no change for the Independent Alliance at 3%.
The Labour Party is down one point at 3% while Solidarity/People Before Profit are up two points at 3%.
There is no change for the Social Democrats at 1% or the Green Party at 2%.
The poll comes as Leo Varadkar's first Fine Gael conference as Taoiseach came to a close in Cavan this weekend.
The fieldwork for this poll concluded on 7 November a few days after controversy erupted over a proposed visit by three ministers of the Independent Alliance to North Korea.
The poll would not have captured the fall-out from the subsequent row involving Alliance Minister John Halligan over his remarks to a female candidate in a job interview.
The margin of error for the poll is plus or minus 3.3%.
The first release candidate for the upcoming Drupal 8.4.0 release is now available for testing. Drupal 8.4.0 is expected to be released October 4.
8.4.x includes new stable modules for storing date and time ranges, display form errors inline and manage workflows. New stable API modules for discovering layout definitions and media management are also included. The media API module is new in core, all other new stable modules were formerly experimental. The release also includes several important fixes for content revision data integrity, orphan file management and configuration data ordering among other things. You can read a detailed list of improvements in the announcements of alpha1 and beta1
What does this mean to me?
For Drupal 8 site owners
8.3.x will receive no further releases following 8.4.0, and sites should prepare to update . php to update your 8.3.x sites to the 8.4.x series, just as you would to update from (e.g.) 8.3.4 to 8.3.5. You can use this release candidate to test the update. (Always back up your data before updating sites, and do not test updates in production.) The final bugfix release of 8.3.x has been released. A final security release window for 8.3.x is scheduled for September 20, but, and sites should prepare to update from 8.3.x to 8.4.x in order to continue getting bug and security fixes. Useto update your 8.3.x sites to the 8.4.x series, just as you would to update from (e.g.) 8.3.4 to 8.3.5. You can use this release candidate to test the update. (Always back up your data before updating sites, and do not test updates in production.)
For module and theme authors
For translators
Some text changes were made since Drupal 8.3.0 . Localize.drupal.org automatically offers these new and modified strings for translation. Strings are frozen with the release candidate, so translators can now update translations.
For core developers
All outstanding issues filed against 8.3.x were automatically migrated to 8.4.x. Future bug reports should be targeted against the 8.4.x branch. 8.5.x will remain open for new development during the 8.4.x release candidate phase. For more information, see the release candidate phase announcement
Your bug reports help make Drupal better!
A necropsy will determine whether the "unusually aggressive bear" that chased two people at a nature preserve in Granby on Monday afternoon had rabies or another health issue. (Published Tuesday, May 5, 2015)
A necropsy will determine whether the "unusually aggressive bear" that chased two people at a nature preserve in Granby on Monday afternoon had rabies or another health issue.
The bear, which has been euthanized, was a 120-pound male, about 16 to 17 months old, according to the Department of Energy and Environmental Protection. DEEP examined the bear before sending it to a UConn lab for the animal autopsy.
Officials believe the bear is responsible for chasing a 62-year-old man and 25-year-old woman who were jogging minutes along Barndoor Hills Road at McLean Game Refuge just before 1 p.m. on Monday.
"A black bear has me cornered here," the man told emergency dispatchers in his 911 call while shouting at the animal, trying to send it away. "He's on top of me here... Go, go! ... He's a young one. He's really coming for me here... Go! Get!"
Neither person was badly hurt, but the encounter left them startled and shaken up.
The 25-year-old woman can be heard crying on the phone with dispatchers. She said the bear chased her for two miles through the woods before a family living nearby distracted the animal and she managed to slip away.
While the female jogger was not injured, the man had a cut on his chest. Officials from DEEP said it's not clear whether the bear scratched him or if he was scraped by bushes while running through the woods to get away.
An official who has been with the state Department of Energy and Environmental Protection for 10 years said he has never seen anything like this before.
Granby officers and DEEP Environmental Conservation Police found and trapped the bear around 9 p.m. Monday and removed it from the area, according to police.
The DEEP said the bear wasn't tagged, meaning it had not been previously encountered. Authorities said they euthanized the animal due to its aggressive behavior. The bear was taken to the pathobiology laboratory at UConn for a necropsy.
Authories said bear sightings are common this time of year, but the animals are not normally known to attack.
DEEP officials advise residents to avoid leaving food sources in their yards by taking down birdfeeders, cleaning grills and outdoor cooking areas and making sure garbage cans are secure.
If you come across a bear while enjoying outdoor activities like hiking or camping, the DEEP recommends waving your arms and making noises, maintaining your distance and backing away from the animal.
More information and safety tips are available online.
SUQUAMISH TRIBE DESCENDANT JEANETTA RILEY, A 34-YEAR-OLD MOTHER OF FOUR, LAY FACEDOWN ON A SANDPOINT, IDAHO, STREET. One minute earlier, three police officers had arrived, summoned by staff at a nearby hospital. Her husband had sought help there because Riley—homeless, pregnant and with a history of mental illness—was threatening suicide. Riley had a knife in her right hand and was sitting in the couple's parked van. Wearing body armor and armed with an assault rifle and Glock pistols, the officers quickly closed in on Riley—one moving down the sidewalk toward the van, the other two crossing the roadway. They shouted instructions at her—to walk toward them, show them her hands. Cursing them, she refused. “Drop the knife!” they yelled, advancing, then opened fire. They pumped two shots into her chest and another into her back as she fell to the pavement. Fifteen seconds had elapsed from the time they exited their vehicles.
Fifteen seconds. Were their lives at risk? And if so, why would they advance? Was Riley threatening anybody but herself? Could these officers have possibly made a reasonable assessment of the situation in a quarter of a minute?
Given the paltry official statistics on police killings in general, counting how many Natives have been shot to death or died in police custody is no easy matter. Police have been supposed since the early 1990s to supply to the U.S. Department of Justice information about all the people of whatever race they shoot, justified or not. But this is voluntary and only 3 percent of the nation's 18,000 state and local police agencies have provided this information.
The FBI seeks to remedy this situation with a pilot program starting next year. Meanwhile, The Guardian and The Washington Post have been keeping their own tallies. What they've found is that hundreds—hundreds—of police shootings go unreported each year and that the information that is supplied to federal authorities is often as riddled with as many errors as the people slain are with bullets.
As for the count of Indians shot by the cops, Woodard reports:
Mike Males, senior researcher at the Center on Juvenile and Criminal Justice, looked at data the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) collected from medical examiners in 47 states between 1999 and 2011. When compared to their percentage of the U.S. population, Natives were more likely to be killed by police than any other group, including African Americans. By age, Natives 20-24, 25-34 and 35–44 were three of the five groups most likely to be killed by police. (The other two groups were African Americans 20-24 and 25-34.) Males' analysis of CDC data from 1999 to 2014 shows that Native Americans are 3.1 times more likely to be killed by police than white Americans.
In the press, Indian deaths-by-cops are invisible. Roger Chin, Jean Schroedel, and Lily Rowen—Claremont Graduate University researchers—reviewed articles published between May 1, 2014, and October 31, 2015, in the top 10 U.S. newspapers by circulation. Of the 29 Indians known to have been killed by cops during that period. just two received any coverage whatsoever.
There was also zero coverage of Native “jailhouse deaths,” what the CDC euphemizes as “death by legal intervention.”
Native Americans' experiences of violence and discrimination in the United States often parallel those of African Americans. Federal investigations have found that on the borders of reservations, Native Americans are treated as second-class citizens by police and public agencies in ways that echo the experience of black Americans in towns like Ferguson, Mo. [...] Incidents aired even in recent hearings sound like tales from the pre-civil-rights Deep South. They ranged from denial of service in public places to police brutality to the failure to investigate murders. In Northern Plains states, USCCR members personally observed staff in restaurants and stores hassling or refusing to serve Natives. In South Dakota, the commission heard testimony about a police department that found reasons to fine Natives hundreds of dollars, then “allowed” them to work off the debt on a ranch. USCCR Rocky Mountain director Malee Craft described the situation as “slave labor.”
Here is an interview conducted by Amy Goodman of Democracy Now with Stephanie Woodard and James Rideout, a member of the Puyallup tribe and the uncle of Jacqueline Salyers, a 32-year-old pregnant mother and member of the Puyallup Tribe who was killed by police earlier this year in Tacoma, Washington.
In the coming year, you can expect to read more here about Native Lives Matter and police violence and other mistreatment of Natives as Indians already at Daily Kos and others being encouraged to post here take a hard look at this appalling situation as we do our utmost to bring invisible Indians into the light.
It's supposed to be your "life in your pocket," not
Apple's. But a piece of code discovered in the iPhone operating system might keep you under Apple's control.
Jonathan Zdrianski, author of the book iPhone Open Application Development, discovered a URL hidden in iPhone's CoreLocation that he believes the iPhone uses to check whether any apps on your phone match with those listed in a database of blacklisted applications. Presumably, that would allow Apple to remotely de-authorize those apps, or perhaps even delete them.
"This suggests that the iPhone calls home once in a while to find out what applications it should turn off," Zdrianski wrote. "At the moment, no apps have been blacklisted, but by all appearances, this has been added to disable applications that the user has already downloaded and paid for, if Apple so chooses to shut it down."
Hum. So then all of those who got away with NetShare before it disappeared from the App Store aren't so safe/lucky after all.
Now, if Apple were more organized with regard to what appears and disappears from the App Store, they probably wouldn't need this emergency procedure. What's the point of an approval process if the useless, $1,000 "I Am Rich" app is going to make it out the door, only to be yanked immediately afterward?
(Photo credit: Fr3d.org/Flickr)
iPhone can phone home and kill apps? [iPhone Atlas]
$ 39.99
Exclusive Physical Version
Only Available from iam8bit
Reversible Cover Insert
Compatible with both PS4 and PSVR
(A Playstation VR headset is NOT required to play this on your PS4)
Region Free - Worldwide Compatibility
“I'll be honest: a big reason we're doing this is that I wanted to have one of these for myself!”
-Tetsuya Mizuguchi // President and CEO, Enhance Games
Enhance Games' most-requested item has always been a physical disc version of Rez Infinite for PS4 / PSVR, and we've partnered with them to deliver on that wish!
Over the last 15 years, Rez's fan community has grown along with its reputation, as more and more players have discovered its integration of graphic design, sound, and shooting action.
For all of us at iam8bit - as longtime fans - this is a dream-come-true project.
.......................................
15 years after the original Rez won hearts and blew minds on the PS2, its unique blend of shooting-rhythm-action returns as Rez Infinite -- infinitely improved and evolved for a new generation of hardware, and a new generation of gamers.
Blast through Rez Infinite on your PS4 to appreciate its razor-sharp 1080p resolution, silky-smooth 60 frames-per-second motion, and full 7.1 surround-sound support (for what's been called one of the greatest gaming soundtracks ever made), or plug in your PlayStation VR headset and experience 360 degrees of mind-blowing synesthesia (at 120 frames-per-second!), as colors and sounds sync and blend around you, all in time to Rez's legendary techno-flavored beats in full 3D audio.
Rez Infinite © 2016 Enhance Games; Rez © 2001 SEGA
The persistent debate over the “racial” origins of the Jewish people makes a mockery of scholarship, trivializes history and perpetuates conceptions of identity that have been misused to justify everything from violent repression to affirmative action.
It is hardly surprising that Johns Hopkins's Eran Elhaik “stirred up a hornet's nest of controversy,” as the Forward recently put it, with his genetic study alleging the Khazar origins of the Jewish people — for, as readers undoubtedly know, deracinating Jewish DNA from ancient Israel undermines the legitimacy of the modern Jewish state.
If nationalism is based on the premise of “We were here first” and “we Jews” were not here first, then the land is not “ours,” and Zionism is little more than an instance of European colonialism.
But of no less significance is the second layer to this controversy, which involves the debate over whether the Jewish people constitute a race or a religion. Many people, particularly in the West, recoil at the suggestion that the Jews constitute a race or even an ethnicity.
After all, the racialization of the Jews fueled Hitler's campaign for Aryan purification and paved the way to the Holocaust. It was the Holocaust that rendered the concept of a Jewish race repellent in respectable circles, and in the United States, where race and ethnicity continue to be accepted instruments of classification, the Jews are accorded the status of neither; they are white — according to the census and according to affirmative action practices.
But our current understanding of race, ethnicity, nationality and religion and the way we use these ideas did not emerge until the 18th-century Enlightenment. The ideas were politically mobilized during the American and French revolutions, and later refined through European colonialism and the global wars of the 20th century.
It is not that these concepts were invented, but scientists, philosophers, and politicians have deployed them as rigid categories to define people, to bestow upon them certain rights and to reconstruct history through an anachronistic conceptual lens.
To put it simply, the questions “Who are the Jews?” and “What does it mean to be Jewish?” are modern conundrums; they had little meaning before the Enlightenment, because nobody asked whether the Jews were a nation, a race or a community of faith. The inclusion or exclusion of the Jews in feudal Europe was not contingent on this.
Moreover, the Jewish communities of Europe did not question whether they were a nation, a race or a religion. They were all of these things and none of these things; they were the Chosen People in Exile whose identity was built upon theology, ritual and a narrative of common descent.
Until the the Jewish Enlightenment, the Haskalah, Ashkenazi Jews did not, and had no reason to, separate religion, nationality, ethnicity and race, for they had no bearing on their present and there was no reason to think that such concepts would have profound implications in the future.
But the implications did become profound, because ethnic nationalism became the order of the day during the 19th century. “All nations have the right to self-determination” is rooted in the concept of kinship and common descent; “We were here first” became the battle cry of those seeking a state, and continues to be the mantra of those denied one. It is the primary rhetorical device through which Palestinians have demanded Palestine, much as the Serbs, Croats, Bosnians and Kosovars deployed it to violently dismember Yugoslavia two decades ago.
The genetic origins of the Jewish people have no relevance as to whether Israel has the right to exist as a Jewish state, even if the Jews can no longer say, “We were here first.”
For it is undeniable that throughout the 2,000 years of galut, or exile, world Jewry articulated a theological and genealogical connection to Eretz Yisrael. But more important, a Jewish state became necessary because of the pseudo-scientific racialization of the Jews in the 20th century, which rhetorically and politically transformed 9 million Europeans into a stateless Semitic race, unwelcome on the continent and slated for elimination.
The Wandering Jews of medieval Europe may have suffered severe persecution as the killers of Christ, but in the 20th century, “exile” took on a far more sinister meaning, as it rendered the Jews into a deracinated people who allegedly (and one might say genetically) lacked loyalty to European blood and soil.
It would be an overstatement to suggest that the early Zionists from Pinsker to Herzl to Jabotinsky saw the Holocaust coming. But they understood the implications of statelessness in a world increasingly defined by ethnic nationalism.
And with the founding of Israel, the Jews of Arab lands felt the full weight of ethno-national statelessness, as regime after regime — Syria, Iraq, Libya, Yemen and so forth — made it abundantly clear that “their Jews” were no longer “theirs” and therefore not their problem; these centuries-old Jewish communities were involuntarily conscripted into Zionism and forced from their homes.
Not surprisingly, the Palestinians have weighed in on the racial aspect of the Jewish question. Article 20 of the 1968 charter of the Palestine Liberation Organization asserts that “Judaism, being a religion, is not an independent nationality. Nor do Jews constitute a single nation with an identity of its own; they are citizens of the states to which they belong.”
Such a statement is neither true nor false, but has been contingent on time and place. Moses Mendelssohn and the leaders of 19th-century Reform Judaism would have agreed with it; the Nazis and their sympathizers would not, nor would have Pinsker, Herzl and Jabotinsky. And the Jews of medieval Europe would have been utterly perplexed by it, as it was a meaningless question in the world they inhabited.
DNA studies will neither “solve” the Jewish question nor undermine Israel and its supportive Diaspora, because today there is a Jewish nation that lives and governs itself in the Middle East.
And even if most Jews give little thought as to whether or not their ancestors actually walked the streets of Jericho, Hebron or Jerusalem, the unprecedented anti-Semitism of the 20th century made the Jewish state a necessity and gave it legitimacy, and has ensured its tenacity. For all intents and purposes, the Jews are a race today, and Israel is now its historic homeland.
Jarrod Tanny is a Assistant Professor and Block Distinguished Fellow in Jewish History at the University of North Carolina Wilmington, and the author of “City Of Rogues and Schnorrers: Russia's Jews and the Myth of Old Odessa” (Indiana University Press, 2011).
This story "What 'Jews a Race' Debate Means for Israel" was written by Jarrod Tanny.
In a judgement by judges Sunil Ambwani and D.K. Upadhyaya of the Allahabad High Court, SBI Life Insurance has been reprimanded for ruining the savings of an old man, and the IRDA has been asked to scrutinize every policy of SBI Life, even to wind up the company if more such cases were found.
The case: Virendra Pal Kapoor in 2007, then 65 years old, took a single premium five year insurance policy (Unit Plus II) paying Rs. 50,000. In 2012, he was offered the princely sum of Rs. 248.
Why? Because his insurance cover was Rs. 3.125 lakh, or 6.25x his premium. He had the choice of taking 1.25x his premium and 6.25x, and his agent opted for the 6.25x, but didn't explain to Kapoor the impact of this choice.
Insuring for 6.25 lakh would have cost Rs. 3,000 per lakh per year. Which means a sum of Rs. 9,000+ per year would go only to insure the customer! In five years, that adds up to Rs. 45,000+ as mortality charges alone! And take out commissions and you have next to nothing left!
Why does a 65 year old need insurance cover of that much? He doesn't, and the court agrees. Kapoor never really intended to buy the policy as insurance. And the literature wasn't clear how bad the policy would be as an investment if he took the full 6.25x cover.
Further the policy was supposed to be automatically terminated when the funds reached 10,000. This was overriden by the company which only sent a written note to customers – but any change to a contract needs the signature of all parties, and they never got Kapoor's okay.
The judges have dinged SBI Life for allowing such a policy to be sold, and for not following rules. It was obvious Kapoor wouldn't have invested if he knew so much money would go to paying insurance cover, and SBI never tried to make it clear. And the whole unilateral information to unprotect the policy below Rs 10,000 is really shady. SBI has been told to return the full Rs. 50,000, plus Rs. 10,000 to cover costs. It's appealing the order in the supreme court.
The judges have also told the IRDA to examine all policies sold by SBI Life and if it finds such irregularities it can even wind up the business of the company if so.
Here's the full judgement (on May 29, 2014):
My take
SBI will keep this issue under wraps. If they have to repay all those who invested in 2008, with more money than they have, they will lose so much they might just about die. So they'll fight back.
But this is a problem. Why is a 65 year old sold insurance? Is there no fiduciary duty on the party of anyone? The bank, the insurance company, or the individual agent? Currently, no.
Because Bancassurance – the concept under which banks sell insurance – absolves banks from the responsibility of actually giving their clients products that suit them. Essentially, they need not have the best interest of their customer in mind.
This is absolute bollocks.
Banks need to be accountable for the misselling of their bank managers. If it means that banks can't, and therefore won't sell insurance, that is okay. The RBI should enforce this immediately along with the new government, that bank misselling can be fined.
And then, IRDA needs to be changed, or energised, or whatever. They are a crap regulator. In this case, they were asked to help, and they replied with platitudes. They need to to disbanded at the very top and a non-insurance related officer should head the organization. The government needs to remove the Rs. 500,000 caps on the fine per offence – it should be compounded (subsequent similar offences should go into multiples) and the limit should be related to the offence. And, they should fine banks for mis-selling.
Otherwise we will continue to find banks conning customers. I've written about HDFC Crest, which it seems was missold to many unsuspecting customers by HDFC Bank officials. If HDFC Bank and their board of directors was fined for each such offence, the misselling will stop immediately.
Insurance will continue to suffer, as more Indians get online and do simple Google searches before buying. And then, they'll know how bad it is.
Now, tell them about it:
Update: According to Motherboard, the mine they visited is one of six sites owned by a secretive group of four people, part of a huge mining operation that generated 4,050 bitcoins a month, equivalent to a monthly gross of $1.5 million.
The group's six mining farms comprise eight petahashes per second of computing power, brute force of which, as of October, accounted for 3 percent of the entire Bitcoin network.
In summer, temperatures inside are more than 100 degrees, and a constant deafening buzz is always present due to the dozens of industrial fans required to maintain a steady temperature for the site's 3,000 ASIC miners—custom-built computers specifically built for mining bitcoins. The workers of the mine live inside the facility itself, returning home just four or five days a month.
Earlier: VICE Media Inc., a media company and digital content creation studio operating in 36 countries, will release a movie filmed inside a Chinese bitcoin mining company on SnapChat, a photo messaging application that has developed into a destination for news and entertainment with its new feature Discover.
“We're super happy with how that content seems to be striking a chord. We thought there'd be some overlap; Vice is the leading Generation-Y media brand, and Snapchat, some of it, is a Gen-Y platform,” Drake Martinet, head of platform at Vice News, said in an interview with Bloomberg.
According to Derek Mead, the editor-in-chief of Vice's Motherboard channel, the idea is a story based on 24 hours in a computer room. The company has sent a team of reporters to northeast China where they interviewed workers in a computer room where the digital currency is created. The story focused on the human element, the people who spend the day there, Mead said. One can view the film footage on Snapchat for 24 hours, after that it will disappear from the application and will be moved to YouTube.
“It's a relatively new audience, and a different audience from what we have on other platforms,” Derek Mead said during the interview, adding that was a challenge for Motherboard, an online news magazine that covers the intersection of technology and culture.
Vice is one of SnapChat's 11 initial partners in Discover, a new feature which allows users to see content from such brands like National Geographic, Vice, Yahoo News, People, Daily Mail, Comedy Central, Cosmopolitan, CNN, Food Network, and ESPN. Users are able to watch daily stories composed by artists, publishers, and SnapChat's editorial staff. These stories draw attention to full screen photos and videos, amazing long form layouts, and gorgeous advertising.
SnapChat has become a full-grown media entity: in addition to the popularized messaging that it launched with and Discover feature, the company has even launched its own original series, called “Literally Can't Even.” Besides, the service partners with AT&T to find popular video stars from YouTube to create content.
There is no doubt that filming a story based on 24 hours in a computer room of bitcoin company will make a positive impact on the digital currency. The 10-minute long video will motivate people to be engaged in bitcoin industry, attract new bitcoin entrepreneurs and prompt founding new start-ups.
(CNN) -- A major United States military post is shutting down for three days following a rash of suicides, the post announced.
Troops from Fort Campbell, Kentucky, depart for the Persian Gulf in 2003.
Fort Campbell, home of the Army's 101st Airborne Division, is holding a three-day "suicide stand-down training event" starting Wednesday -- the second one it has held this year, a post spokeswoman told CNN.
At least 11 deaths of Fort Campbell soldiers this year are confirmed or suspected suicides, spokeswoman Kelly Tyler said. That's out of 64 confirmed or suspected suicides in the entire Army, according to official statistics. At that rate, the Army is on pace for a record number of suicides this year.
The post commander, Brig. Gen. Stephen Townsend, addressed all 19,000 soldiers of the 101st Airborne Division on Wednesday, Tyler said.
"His intent was to be able to look them in the eye and make them aware that everyone cares about the issue, and make sure they know -- corporal to general -- what help is available," she said. "To make sure that people know we want them to keep living."
Soldiers often refuse to admit they are having problems because of the culture of the military, she said.
"You still have the stigma in the Army of asking for help -- it's an institution of strength and honor. And they need to understand that there is strength and honor in asking for help," Tyler said.
"It's easy to lose focus of that. We are a nation at war, an army at war. The guys around you need you to be there. They need you to ask for help, or for them to ask for help if you can't."
Fort Campbell's commanders are trying to impress upon the troops that this is more than a mandatory exercise.
"It is such an unusual event to look them in the eye and say their life matters, their buddy's life matters," Tyler said. "We're not checking a box, not punching a ticket. This is an effort to let the soldiers know that the command cares."
Military suicides are among the top worries for a leading veterans' group.
"This is a grave concern for our organization," said Ryan Gallucci, a spokesman for AmVets.
Combat stress manifests itself in different ways, he said, citing the case of a U.S. soldier charged with killing five of his comrades at a mental-health clinic in Iraq earlier this month.
"The incident in Baghdad brought a lot of attention to combat stress, but this is the other side of the coin," he said.
He agreed that the military's emphasis on personal toughness makes it harder for soldiers to ask for help when they need it.
"Mental strength is a necessary character trait in combat. To suddenly say it's OK to admit you have a problem contradicts your training," he said.
But he said the Army needs to do more to prevent suicide.
"The military has certainly done a better job of identifying it, but you see the numbers -- the numbers speak for themselves," he said.
A record number of soldiers committed suicide last year -- at least 133, the Army said. That was up from at least 115 in 2007, which was itself a record since the Pentagon began keeping statistics on suicide in 1980. The statistics cover active-duty soldiers and activated National Guard and reserves. View a chart of Army suicides »
More soldiers killed themselves in January of this year than died in battle, Army statistics suggest.
Suicides for Marines were also up in 2008. There were 41 in 2008, up from 33 in 2007 and 25 in 2006, according to a Marine Corps report.
Gen. Peter W. Chiarelli, vice chief of staff of the Army, expressed concern about the suicide rate in March testimony before the Senate Armed Services Military Personnel Subcommittee.
He cited long deployments, lengthy separations from family and the perceived stigma associated with seeking help as factors contributing to the suicides.
"We must find ways to relieve some of this stress," Chiarelli said.
Fort Campbell is on both sides of the Kentucky-Tennessee state line, southeast of Paducah, Kentucky.
CNN's Adam Levine and Mike Mount contributed to this report.
All About Fort Campbell • U.S. Army Activities • Suicide
ADVERTISEMENT
I truly cannot understand what most of America's Republican lawmakers are thinking.
I don't mean their manic drive to cut the number of Americans with health insurance by 24 million — or even the House Freedom Caucus' insistence on gutting regulations that require insurance to cover specific services and procedures (like pregnancy, mental health, and hospitalization). Republicans stake out these positions because of ideology, truly believing that such changes will represent an improvement (the explanation has something to do with increasing "choice"). I think that ideology is profoundly foolish, but I can at least understand how someone could come to believe in it.
I don't mean the unprecedented partisanship that led Mitch McConnell to deny hearings and a vote for Merrick Garland, President Obama's nominee to succeed Antonin Scalia on the Supreme Court. I consider such brass-knuckle partisanship deeply pernicious and civically corrosive. But I can at least understand how the enormous stakes in the nomination (potentially shifting the ideological makeup of the court several clicks to the left for a generation to come) led McConnell and other Republicans to conclude that they should use every conceivable means at their disposal to prevent Garland's confirmation.
Here is what I can't understand: FBI Director James Comey testified on Monday that Donald Trump's presidential campaign is under investigation by the FBI over its potential ties to Russia. Let's be clear about what this might mean: treason. We don't yet know what the outcome of the investigation will be (though subsequent press reports have certainly underlined the importance of seeing it through to the end). But the very possibility that a sitting president and his circle could end up credibly accused of having advanced the interests of a hostile foreign power and of having colluded with that power in an effort to undermine the campaign of the president's political opponent should be more than enough to persuade Republican officeholders and pundits to treat the investigation with utmost seriousness — and to distance themselves from the man at the center of the investigation until such time as he is cleared of any wrongdoing.
The most rudimentary instinct for political self-preservation — not to mention American patriotism — would seem to point toward the need to keep Trump at arm's length. And yet, that's not what Republicans are doing — at least beyond the few who have long viewed the president with suspicion. Instead, we had Rep. Trey Gowdy (R-S.C.) attempting to turn Monday's House Intelligence Committee hearing into an occasion to rail against leaks surrounding the FBI's investigation. This was then followed by the committee's chairman Rep. Devin Nunes (R-Calif.) running over to the White House on Wednesday afternoon to share what he clearly took to be evidence at least partially vindicating the president's otherwise unsubstantiated assertion that he had been wiretapped by President Obama — an act that would seem to undermine the credibility of the committee's own independent investigation of the Trump campaign's ties to Russia.
Leading Republicans appear to be willing and even eager to tie their fates to Trump.
We've been through this kind of dynamic before, with Richard Nixon and the Watergate scandal. Plenty of Republicans rallied around him through months of bad stories that implicated senior members of the Nixon administration and only reluctantly abandoned the president when it became impossible to deny he was guilty of numerous crimes.
But there are important differences between Nixon and Trump. For one thing, Nixon was a lifelong Republican with strong allies throughout the party. For another, Nixon had just won re-election in a historic landslide, giving him an enormous supply of goodwill in the GOP. Neither is true of Trump. And then there's the fact that Watergate was the first scandal of its kind, making it difficult for rank-and-file Republicans to predict just how bad it would become. That is obviously no longer true in our post-Watergate era.
Finally, there's the relative gravity of the allegations in the two scandals. The Watergate break-in itself was obviously a crime, but what led to Nixon's downfall was the cover-up, which implicated the president in multiple acts of obstruction of justice, abuse of power, and contempt of Congress. That would have been more than enough to impeach Nixon, remove him from office, and indict him. Bad? You bet. But far from treason.
The allegations swirling around the Trump campaign are far more serious.
The issue is not, as some Trump defenders have been claiming, that Trump wants to change American policy toward Russia, making the bilateral relationship less adversarial. George W. Bush and Barack Obama made similar efforts, and even if the attempt seems comparatively foolhardy in the wake of Russia's annexation of Crimea and related meddling in Ukraine, there's nothing illegitimate about a presidential candidate proposing such a shift in foreign policy.
But what would be illegitimate, and perhaps even treasonous, is an effort to soften American policy toward Russia's actions in It's near abroad without a clearly stated policy rationale and in return for help from Russian intelligence in defeating a domestic political opponent. "Promise to help us in Ukraine and we'll help you win against Hillary Clinton by releasing stolen emails that make her look bad": That and other possible acts of collusion between Russia and the Trump campaign are what the FBI is investigating.
Once again, we don't know what the investigation will uncover. Maybe there was no such collusion; maybe there were no treasonous acts. We can't yet say. Until the investigation is complete, it's seems both smart and fair-minded to withhold final judgment.
But until then, it also seems crucially important to withhold explicit support from the man at the center of suspicion. Political good sense as well as personal integrity demand nothing less. Why can't Republicans see that?
TAMPA, Fla. — Claude Julien certainly comes across as a friendly guy who would be fun to have a beer with and share some stories.
And right now in Montreal, there are a lot of people who would love to buy the Canadiens' coach a beer.
The Canadiens clinched a playoff spot with a 6-2 win over the Florida Panthers Thursday night at the Bell Centre and have a 13-5-1 record since Julien took over from Michel Therrien. The Canadiens are six points ahead of Ottawa atop the Atlantic Division standings with five games remaining in the regular season and face the Lightning Saturday night in Tampa (7 p.m., CITY, TVA Sports, TSN Radio 690).
After Julien's first practice with the Canadiens, the new coach said: “Guys had to go on the ice today feeling good about themselves. I made sure that happened. Guys want hope. Guys want excitement. Guys want positive messages. It's easy for a new coach coming in to give those positive messages. I wanted them to know how good I think the team is. We're in first place, OK? There's no need to panic, but there's a need to fix.”
Julien has fixed a lot of things in a short time.
“If you can keep the puck out of your net to start with, you're giving yourself a chance,” the coach said after practice last Monday. “If you're playing well defensively, that means you're going to end up with the puck more often than not, so that translates into offence. So defence is not a voodoo, it's about trying to get the puck back quick, keeping it out of your own net and being more of a puck-possession team. I think guys are starting to realize that. They're taking more pride in that part of the game and we go from there.”
The Canadiens have scored 10 goals in their last two games, while allowing only three, and it's obvious players are regaining their confidence. After only four forwards scored goals during 13 games in February, when the Canadiens posted a 5-7-1 record, 10 forwards scored in March as the team went 9-3-1. Whatever was wrong with Carey Price under Therrien has definitely been fixed. The goaltender has a 12-4-0 record since Julien took over and has allowed more than two goals in only three of those games.
Julien has stressed how important it is to get to know his players both on and off the ice, talking about the human side of his job. The 56-year-old coach has a lot of experience he can share from both hockey and the game of life.
Related
Julien played only 14 games in the NHL as a defenceman with the Quebec Nordiques while bouncing around the minors for 12 seasons with stops in the CHL, IHL and AHL, playing in Salt Lake City, Milwaukee, Fredericton, Baltimore, Halifax, Kansas City and Moncton. In his first season as a head coach in the QMJHL, Julien led the Hull Olympiques to the Memorial Cup championship in 1997 and he also has a Boston Bruins Stanley Cup ring from 2011. The hockey lifer became a father for the first time at age 46 when his wife, Karen, gave birth to daughter Katryna Chanel. Since then the couple has adopted two younger children.
“It always feels good to know that you're helping people,” Julien said after Saturday's win. “It doesn't matter if it's in hockey, if it's anything else. In our business, besides the game of hockey we're in the position that we can help a lot of people, whether it's put smiles on their faces, stuff like that.”
Julien said when he took over the Canadiens he could tell the players were nervous, edgy and lacking confidence with only one win in their previous seven games (1-5-1).
“It had nothing to do with any individual, but when a team loses a certain amount of games those things happen,” Julien added. “Somehow I had to find a way to get these guys back on track and the only way to do that was to come in with a real good attitude, make them believe, talk about positive stuff and so on, so forth. That's what you do. That's part of my job.
“My job is to fix things. So when a player's struggling, I try and fix it so he can be a better player. If the team's struggling again, it's part of my responsibility. And when you don't succeed like that, that's when we (coaches) end up moving around.”
Julien is under contract for five more seasons with the Canadiens and doesn't look like he'll be moving again any time soon.
The man definitely deserves a cold beer.
scowan@postmedia.com
twitter.com/StuCowan1
Ottawa police have charged a 33-year-old Ottawa man after a three vehicle-collision late Saturday night killed one person and left three people injured.
Police said Sunday that a Dodge pickup eastbound on Regional Road 174 collided head on with a westbound Volvo. A Mazda then collided with the pickup. The collision happened about one kilometre east of Trim Road.
The driver of the Volvo, a 71-year-old man, died at hospital. A 33-year-old woman who was in the passenger seat of the pickup was in serious condition in hospital, police said.
Paramedics treated the drivers of the pickup and the Mazda for minor injuries on scene.
Alain Boily is charged with one count of dangerous driving causing death, one count of dangerous driving causing bodily harm, one count of impaired driving causing death and one count of impaired driving causing bodily harm.
You may have heard rumblings on your social media platform of choice about Ted Cruz and the Zodiac Killer, and how the two might be one in the same. You probably have questions, especially if you were born after 1975.
To help, I'd like to answer each question have you have individually. Let's begin with the most obvious and important question.
Is Ted Cruz actually the Zodiac Killer?
Here's what I know: Nothing. Here's what I want to know: Everything.
While I am an expert on Jake Gyllenhaal's turn as political cartoonist Robert Graysmith in the 2007 film Zodiac, I am not an expert on the actual Zodiac killer. I am also not an expert on Ted Cruz. I'm not totally an expert on uncaught serial killers, though my hometown did have one and there is a really weird and bad 2008 movie about him or her that I've seen a few times. One might say that I have no business sticking my nose into this investigation, considering how very green and otherwise employed I am.
Ha! Got you. That is exactly what they all said to Jake Gyllenhaal. I am the perfect woman for this job.
critical reading was my best SAT subject, jsyk
Kaitlyn, you're right. You are perfect for this job. That's why we can't afford to lose you to the madness that has consumed others trying to solve this true crime puzzle. Aren't you afraid?
I don't want to get carried away with feeble connections or tin foil theories, so I'm going to develop a safe word right now, for me to shout at myself if I think I'm going too off the rails. When Kaitlyn proposes a connection between Ted Cruz and the Zodiac Killer that seems difficult or impossible to substantiate, and / or when Kaitlyn's heart rate elevates over 120 beats per minute, Kaitlyn will yell "FINISH ALL THE MAZES, AND YOU CAN GO HOME," and get even more overexcited. Haha, this should be fun you guys.
Here are the questions:
Who called Ted Cruz the Zodiac Killer?
Why does anyone believe that Ted Cruz is the Zodiac Killer?
Is Ted Cruz the Zodiac Killer?
To answer these questions, I'll have to ask a lot more questions.
Hey now, I'm the one asking the questions, bub! Now, is there a widespread and almost inexplicably popular belief that Ted Cruz either is the Zodiac Killer or might be the Zodiac Killer?
Yes, and The Daily Dot chronicled the first online whisperings of this belief very thoroughly. Ted Cruz, who has referred to birth control pills as "abortifacients," was elected as a senator of Texas in 2012. In 2013, his star was rising, along with the Lone Star state's dedication to making the lives of women as unbearable as possible. The infamous SB-5 Bill, signed that summer by Governor Rick Perry after extended protests, introduced maliciously strict facility standards that closed most of the abortion clinics in the state. Cruz gave a speech in March of the same year at the Conservative Political Action Conference and received a standing ovation when he promised to help repeal funding for the Affordable Care Act. Cruz had previously expressed his opposition to the act on the grounds that its birth control mandates violated "the basic rights of everyone."
proud wacko bird!
In the same speech he said "count me a proud wacko bird," in response to something John McCain did, which I am going to keep in mind throughout the rest of this investigation.
The first claim that Ted Cruz is the Zodiac Killer was put forth by a viewer of this speech.
#CPAC Alert: Ted Cruz is speaking!! His speech is titled: 'This Is The Zodiac Speaking' — Red Pill America (@RedPillAmerica) March 14, 2013
The second claim that Ted Cruz is the Zodiac Killer came over a year later, shortly after Ted Cruz stated, "The biggest regulatory threat to the internet is ‘net neutrality.' In short, net neutrality is Obamacare for the internet," a nearly unprecedented pairing of completely insane thoughts. The Zodiac Killer obviously possessed the superior intellect required to create complicated cryptograms, and yet still did insane things like murdering people. Ted Cruz attended Harvard Law School, and yet still said "net neutrality is Obamacare for the internet."
Ted Cruz's Chilling Deathbed Confession: "I am the Zodiac Killer" #TedCruzIsTheZodiacKiller — dude bro (@Flash2844) November 10, 2014
Hundreds of others seem to consider this at least enough information for suspicion.
The best people are the ones who angrily explain why Ted Cruz couldn't be the Zodiac Killer. If that's true, hotshot, why doesn't he deny it — Patrick Monahan (@pattymo) February 20, 2016
ted cruz search history:
"can the zodiac be president"
"how to get murder stains out of dockers"
"zodiac killer discount where" #ZodiacTed — Churlish (@Cryptoterra) January 20, 2016
Why does everyone keep joking about Ted Cruz being the Zodiac Killer?
I mean he definitely is but like, people died — Griffin McElroy (@griffinmcelroy) February 26, 2016
Tim Faust, an activist who is selling "Ted Cruz is the Zodiac Killer" T-shirts to support a nonprofit that helps women in El Paso, Texas access safe and affordable abortions, said he saw the theory on Twitter and found it to be "both interesting and plausible."
I agree that the theory is interesting, but the matter clearly requires further investigation.
Was Ted Cruz alive at the time of the Zodiac killings?
Strictly speaking: no. Ted Cruz was born in December of 1970, in Alberta, Canada. Being born in 1970 would suggest that Ted Cruz was incapable of committing the Zodiac killings because they occurred primarily in 1968 and 1969. Being born in Canada would suggest to some that Cruz is disqualified from being President of the United States. I don't really care if that's true, I only care if Cruz is the Zodiac Killer (which would also disqualify him from being President of the United States I assume).
From what I've seen of criminology programming — which, as an American, is a lot — you should always try to completely ignore the most obvious reason to believe that someone is innocent. For example in The Alphabet Killer, a film about my hometown and a murderer who lived there, they believed that Timothy Hutton was not the murderer because he used a wheelchair. At the end of the movie, it was revealed that Timothy Hutton was not actually paralyzed and used the wheelchair for the exact purpose of seeming like someone who couldn't commit murders. If someone wanted to seem like they were a person who could not possibly have committed murders that mostly took place in 1968 and 1969, appearing to have been born in 1970 seems like an almost painfully obvious way to accomplish that.
If @BarackObama can fake his birth certificate why can't @tedcruz? Show us your real birth certificate! #ZodiacTed — Stephen Willhite (@sms3eb) February 14, 2016
(President Obama didn't fake his birth certificate, but that doesn't mean I think no one ever has.)
Did Ted Cruz live in or visit the area in which the Zodiac killings took place?
The Zodiac murders were committed in Northern California, which is kind of far from Canada, as some have pointed out. In 1974, Cruz and his family moved to Houston, Texas, which is even further. What these facts imply is unclear to me. New York City is kind of far from Las Vegas, but I've been there, and it was terrible.
Are there any bizarre, inexplicable similarities between Ted Cruz and the Zodiac Killer?
Ted Cruz was born in CALGARY. The Zodiac Killer's first two victims were named CAL and GARY. #ZodiacTed — zeppo wilbury (@ZeppoWilbury) January 20, 2016
THEODORE CRUZ = 12 LETTERS
ZODIAC KILLER = 12 LETTERS
12 SIGNS OF THE ZODIAC
It's almost too perfect...almost #ZodiacTed — Jason Rocha (@JasonRRocha) February 19, 2016
Does Ted Cruz bear a physical resemblance to police composite drawings of the Zodiac Killer?
Yes.
Would a trial by court of public opinion in the state of Florida prove Ted Cruz guilty of being the Zodiac Killer?
According to a recent poll conducted by Public Policy Polling, 38 percent of Florida voters believe that it is possible that Cruz is the Zodiac Killer, with 10 percent sure that he is. It is unknown whether the other 62 percent have been confronted with a formal presentation of the evidence.
Are men more likely to be murderers? Are serial killers more likely to be white men? Are people with blue eyes more likely to be sociopaths?
Yes on all counts.
Is Ted Cruz a man? Is Ted Cruz a white man? Does Ted Cruz have blue eyes?
Yes, on all counts but the last, which seemed like the least important anyway.
Has Ted Cruz voluntarily recorded himself expressing a demented worldview in which he himself is the source of all power?
Does Ted Cruz' family fear him, in the way which you would fear a family member only if you knew them to be a killer of teens?
Has one of Ted Cruz' colleagues joked that were Ted Cruz to be murdered in front of a significant chunk of the United States government, the murderer would go free because justice would have been served, honoring the law not in letter but certainly in spirit?
Sen Graham at the #WPCFDinner: "If you kill Ted Cruz on the floor of the Senate, and the trial is at the Senate, no one will convict you." — Frank Thorp V (@frankthorpNBC) February 26, 2016
​Has an employee of the United States government ever killed a serial killer and not been tried?
Yes, that is the plot of Dirty Harry, which I believe is based on the real-life man Harry Dirt.
Has Ted Cruz denied being the Zodiac Killer?
No.
Do I know for sure that Ted Cruz is the Zodiac Killer?
I don't, but I won't give up the search for the truth until I've lost my job and everyone I love.
Some people might say that wild speculation about whether a public figure is an infamous mass murderer is distasteful and irresponsible, even dangerous. Some people might say that making completely baseless criminal accusations against an organization that helps women receive birth control, safe abortions, cancer screenings, and sexual health information is distasteful and irresponsible, even dangerous. There are lots of different kinds of people in this world.
But only one is the Zodiac Killer.
In recent weeks, Chelsea have been doing everything they can to sign the Senegalese defender.
The negotiations started somewhere around €35 million, but now De Laurentiis has told his Chelsea counterpart they will need €60 million to bring in Kalidou Koulibaly.
A testament to Maurizio Sarri's fine work, Koulibaly has turned from a prospect player to one of the hottest defenders on the market this summer. The towering centerback is being valued more than what Manchester City paid for Mangala two years ago.
The France born defender, who arrived in Naples under Rafa Benitez's reign was transformed into more than just a physical specimen. Koulibaly is able to read attackers well and his tackling has greatly improved.
According to the Evening Standard, the fee laid out by Napoli is too high for Chelsea and they aren't willing to meet their demands. However, in other related news, Antonio Conte arrived in London this evening as his tenure is set to begin this week.
Chelsea are shopping in Serie A, but Koulibaly may be out of their price range.
I've just landed at Gatwick Airport. Paying for parking, standing next to me, the new Chelsea manager Antonio Conte. pic.twitter.com/5CcZhOZBRl — Daniel Hewitt (@DanielHewittITV) July 12, 2016
BERLIN (Reuters) - International observers documented a range of concerns during November's U.S. elections, including cybersecurity risks, disenfranchisement of current and former prisoners, and an opaque campaign finance system, a German newspaper group reported.
Voters fill in their ballots during voting for the U.S presidential election in the Brooklyn borough of New York, U.S., November 8, 2016. REUTERS/Lucas Jackson - RTX2SJEQ
“The American electoral system is very fragmented and in many places no longer meets international standards,” Michael Link, chief election observer for the 57-member Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe (OSCE), told the Funke Mediengruppe newspaper chain.
A report prepared by a team of OSCE observers who monitored the Nov. 8 presidential and congressional elections cited the need for steps to make the U.S. campaign finance system more transparent and address moves by many U.S. states to ban former and current prisoners from voting, Link said.
He said each state had different voting laws and varying usage of new voting technologies.
There were increasing moves across the United States to return to a paper-based voting system after negative experiences with electronic voting machines in recent years, but 15 states used computers that did not allow a manual recount, he said.
Link said the U.S. Department of Homeland Security and other agencies had taken steps to ensure the security of electronic voting machines, but many machines in use across the country were old and did not meet international standards.
“This is a security risk,” Link said.
Link also criticised U.S. President-elect Donald Trump, who will be sworn in on Friday, for “consciously and repeatedly overstepping the bounds of hate speech.”
“That he was successful with these sets a dangerous precedent,” Link said. “The international community expects the United States to provide a good example, also in this area.”
No further details of the report were immediately available.
The OSCE sent its biggest team ever to the United States for the 2016 election amid charges from Trump that the poll could be “rigged” and concerns by civil rights activists that black voters could face undue obstacles.
Who pays for government surveillance? Taxpayers. And we should all heed the age-old message: buyer beware. Fusion centers are an excellent example of why. The point of fusion centers is to enable intelligence sharing between local, state, tribal, territorial, and federal agencies. But because they involve actors from various jurisdictions and agencies, the price is a lack of clarity around lines of responsibility and accountability. Fusion centers have been criticized by Congress for wasting taxpayer dollars on “'intelligence' of uneven quality – oftentimes shoddy, rarely timely, sometimes endangering citizens' civil liberties and Privacy Act protections.” But because of the way they are organized, it's unclear who is responsible for these problems. That's why fusion centers deserve additional public scrutiny and reform.
The Government Accountability Office (GAO) has come out with a new report that exposes the lack of accountability for use of federal funds at fusion centers. But it doesn't address the most serious issue with fusion centers: that they're yet another weapon in the government's bloated surveillance arsenal—and there's virtually no oversight for what they're doing and how they may be violating peoples' rights. To make matters worse, although spying by the federal government is a serious problem, the sheer numbers of local law enforcement are staggering, and enlisting them in the surveillance state exponentially multiplies the potential for privacy and civil liberties violations.
The most obvious conclusion from the report is that fusion centers are a waste of taxpayer dollars. And a lot of dollars are being spent. Although the Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA, which administers the federal grants that partially fund fusion centers) has no system in place to accurately account for how much is spent, the report notes: “According to federal cost inventory reports, federal agencies provided fusion centers with non- personnel support totaling about $32.8 million in fiscal year 2011 and about $18 million in fiscal years 2012 and 2013.” Federal agencies also have deployed 288 staff to these centers.
The government's accounting of how much is spent is flawed. But there's even less accounting for whether those expenditures are useful.
That's because the Department of Homeland Security (DHS) has been simply assessing the capabilities of fusion centers, “such as implementing specified policies and procedures,” rather than their impact or efficacy. As the report notes, “developing an analytical production plan may not equate to effectively meeting the plan's targets or producing the types of reports identified therein.”
The GAO report notes that DHS is developing “performance” measures. But many of these measures look at numbers that aren't necessarily meaningful, for example:
Number of threat tips and leads processed by fusion centers
Number of suspicious activity reports submitted by fusion centers
Number of suspicious activity reports vetted and submitted by fusion centers that result in the initiation or enhancement of an investigation by the FBI
Percentage of requests for information from the Terrorist Screening Center (TSC) for which fusion centers provided information for a TSC case file
As we've written before, suspicious activity reports (SARs) are based on standards ripe for abuse of discretion: the specific set of behaviors listed in the national SAR standards include innocuous activities such as “demonstrating unusual interest in facilities, buildings, or infrastructure.” And they have been abused. Public records act requests have shown that people of color make up a disproportionate number of SARs filed.
Yet fusion centers' performance measures are mainly a numbers game. With little examination of outcomes, this simply encourages submission of more (flawed) SARs, rather than improved efficiency or accuracy, especially as fusion centers compete for federal dollars. And where the measures go beyond numbers, they still don't look at the outcomes most people would care about, such as “Number of lives saved by intelligence information from a fusion center.”
What's more, the report confirmed the extent to which fusion centers host staff from federal agencies: “As of June 2014, the FBI had deployed 94 intelligence analysts, special agents, and others to 58 fusion centers, and had installed its secure data system (FBINet) at 51 centers.” This is unsurprising. What may be more surprising is that the centers also host approximately 30 Immigrations and Customs Enforcement staff, and approximately 20 Customs and Border Patrol Officers. This makes it clear: fusion centers truly are a local arm of the surveillance state.
The report also noted that fusion centers have their own lobbying association, the National Fusion Center Association. The NFCA issued a 2014-2017 National Strategy [pdf] for the National Network of Fusion Centers, which the GAO report references.
That's not where the lobbying ends, though. The report notes that the DHS has highlighted the need for “expanded involvement in local government bodies to promote improved collaboration.” What does that mean? Northern California provides an example. The director of the Northern California fusion center has attended city council meetings to encourage implementation of automated license plate readers (a technology we've been concerned about for years now), and to oppose implementation of civil liberties protections in Berkeley.
There's no leap needed to show why accountability at fusion centers is necessary. Fusion centers facilitate political repression and racial profiling, all while making the separation between local law enforcement and the federal law enforcement agencies engaging in unconstitutional surveillance negligible. And they do it without even providing a tangible benefit.
It's possible that the Privacy and Civil Liberties Oversight Board will take a close look at fusion centers, per EFF's comments on the Board's agenda.[1] But if it doesn't, it might be time to start thinking about state and local fights. Federal funding for fusion centers is decreasing. But you can still tell your elected representative in Congress that you are concerned. And what's even easier, you can take action at the local level, by making public records act requests, engaging in grassroots organizing to get regulations on fusion centers passed or funding decreased, and educating your community members about this issue.
A new study suggests that Mars's 3.5-mile high Mount Sharp formed as strong winds carried dust and sand into the crater in which it rests. If true, Gale Crater probably never contained a lake, which would totally suck, because that's one of the main reasons why NASA sent Curiosity there in the first place.
Gale Crater is about 96 miles (154 km) in diameter and is estimated to be about 3.5 to 3.8 billion years old. It has a really unique feature — an enormous mound of sedimentary debris extending to a height equivalent to that of Alaska's Mt. McKinley. Formally, it's known as Aeolis Mons, but everyone just calls it Mount Sharp.
Advertisement
The going theory about its formation, which has now been put in serious doubt owing to the new study, is that it is the eroded remnant of sedimentary layers that once filled the crater — layers of silt that were originally deposited on a massive lakebed.
Consequently, the area may have once featured vast reservoirs of water. NASA scientists figured that Mt. Sharp would be a fantastic geological structure for Curiosity to study — especially as far as Martian habitability is concerned.
Advertisement
But if the new research is correct, the mound will yield no such clues.
A SWEET Hypothesis
According to researchers based at Princeton University and the California Institute of Technology, Mt. Sharp likely emerged as strong winds carried dust and sand into the hole over the course of millions of years — a process driven by a wind feedback effect. The researchers, a team consisting of Edwin Kite, Kevin Lewis, and other, are calling it the slope wind enhanced erosion and transport (SWEET) hypothesis.
Advertisement
During the day, air rises from the crater as the surface is pounded by sunlight. But then, when things cool down at night, it sweeps back down its steep walls. These slope winds, or katabatic winds, would have been strong along the crater's walls, but weak at the crater's center, which is where the debris would have slowly accumulated.
Image: Air would have flowed up the crater rim (red arrows) and the flanks of Mt. Sharp (yellow) in the morning when the surface warmed, and reversed in the cooler late afternoon. Blue indicates the more variable wind patterns on the crater floor, the X marks Curiosity's landing site.
Advertisement
What's more, previous theories about the mound's formation don't add up. There's no way, say the researchers, that previously proposed processes could have resulted in sedimentary strata that outwardly dips the way it does from the mound's center.
Image: The various layers of sediment that make up the mound did not extend to the crater wall and also display a consistent tilt, or "dip," away from the center of the mound. The yellow star shows Curiosity's initial location.
Advertisement
Not a Total Loss — and Not By a Longshot
NASA chose the Gale Crater site for a number of reasons, and not merely because it may have been the site of an ancient lake. Indeed, back in December Curiosity found traces of clay, water molecules and even organic compounds. To suggest that landing in Gale Crater was a complete mistake would be totally unfair.
Advertisement
Moreover, as the researchers themselves admit, a body of water could have existed in the moat surrounding the base of Mt. Sharp. And even if the bulk of the material was deposited by wind, the area will continue to produce valuable information about the region's geological, and possibly biological, past.
But if the new SWEET hypothesis is true, Gale Crater could ultimately prove to be less than ideal. As the authors write in the paper, the region has limited organic carbon preservation potential.
"The quest to determine whether Mars could have at one time supported life might be better directed elsewhere,” noted study co-author Kevin Lewis through a statement.
Advertisement
Read the entire study at Geology: "Growth and form of the mound in Gale Crater, Mars: Slope wind enhanced erosion and transport.”
Photo of Curiosity via NASA; inset images via Kevin Lewis.
To illustrate, prior to the NCAA Men's Basketball Tournament, Embiid had produced 4.67 wins for the Kansas Jayhawks (calculated essentially according this approach used for the NBA). Using college revenue data from the U.S. Department of Education, economist Robert Brown (for research Brown, I, and a few others are working on) estimated that one win for the Kansas men's basketball team was worth $159,601 in 2010-11 ($166,585 in 2014 dollars). Given these two numbers, Embiid was worth approximately $777,286 (again, prior to the tournament). If we take the USA Today number seriously, this means the Jayhawks have underpaid Embiid by a bit more than $650,000.
Repeating the same calculation for every player on the Jayhawks, we see, as the following table illustrates, that Andrew Wiggins (who some people think is worth the number one pick in the NBA draft) was only the fourth most productive Jayhawk this year. Even though Wiggins has underperformed relative to expectations, he has still been underpaid by more than $450,000. And combined, this entire team has been underpaid by about $2 million.
Now let's imagine for a moment that the Kansas Jayhawks hired this talent in a competitive labor market. In such a market, a firm underpaying their employees would face a problem. If a worker like Embiid generates more than $700,000 in revenue and is paid less than $200,000, another firm would be more than happy to pay more.
But in the NCAA, this option doesn't exist. Paying more money is a violation of NCAA rules. If a school violates these rules it will first face penalties, and, as Southern Methodist discovered in 1987, can actually be prohibited from playing. Such a prohibition reduces the revenue of the program to zero, hence making the practice of paying players more money a very bad deal.
There is, though, a simple solution. Again, one team going “rogue” won't have anyone to play. But let's imagine a scenario where more than one school decided to create a “professional NCAA.” A collection of “rogue” teams could both pay their employees (i.e. student-athletes) more money, and have someone to play (hence be able to produce revenue). And if they did this, the following would likely happen:
Study looks at all possibilities, finds no cognitive deficiencies
Pregnant women sometimes blame absent-mindedness on the baby, but research says this myth is all in their heads.
Neuroscientists at Brigham Young University put the myth to the test. They had a group of pregnant women take a 3-hour assessment during their third trimester and another between three and six months after the baby was born.
With every type of brain function measured - memory, thinking, organizational and spatial skills - the pregnant and post-partum women performed just as well as a comparison group of women with no history of pregnancy.
Except when it came to the grades that they gave themselves. Pregnant and post-partum women consistently rated their memory and quality of life lower than the comparison participants.
"I was surprised at how strong the feeling was that they weren't performing well," said Michael Larson, lead author of the study. "This feeling of 'I really am doing badly right now' exists despite the objective evidence that they aren't."
The basis for the "pregnancy brain" myth might stem from cultural expectations. It could also come from a lower sense of well being that pregnant and post-partum women experience. Whatever the cause, Larson can see potential benefits from realizing that forgetfulness is only fiction.
"Somebody might learn about this and say, 'I am thinking OK even though I am pregnant,'" Larson said. "It might improve their quality of life, it might improve how they are functioning - they might start believing in themselves."
Julianne Holt-Lunstad is a study co-author and a mother of two. Unlike study participants, the BYU psychology professor says she didn't experience pregnancy brain, but the task of caring for her babies did take a toll. One time she had to go to work after spending a sleepless night up with the baby.
"I struggled through a lecture the next day," Holt-Lunstad said. "I felt like I was in a fog and couldn't think straight, but I chalked it up to sleep deprivation!"
The study was published in The Journal of Clinical and Experimental Neuropsychology in 2014. Three current and former BYU students co-authored the report: Dustin Logan, Kyle Hill and Rochelle Jones.
The Orkney Venus What was hailed as Scotland's earliest representation of a human was unearthed in Westray in the summer of 2009. When archaeologists, working at the Historic Scotland excavation at the Links of Noltland, brushed away the mud from a small piece of Neolithic carved sandstone, they saw a face staring back at them. The human figurine — dubbed the “Westray Wifie” by the islanders — was described as a “find of astonishing rarity”. Measuring just 41mm tall, 31mm wide and 12mm thick, it is, to date,the only known Neolithic carving of a human form to have been discovered in Scotland — with only two other examples in the whole of the British mainland. The only other confirmed figures of a similar era are from
Windmill Hill, in Wiltshire(that has no head), and from Maiden Castle, in Dorset The Orkney carving is flat, with a round head on top of a lozenge-shaped body. The head has a finely incised M-shaped line across the front which appears to be a brow line. Two parallel vertical lines from the brow to the lower edge seem to be a nose. There are two widely-spaced round dots for eyes, and a possible mouth. The head is sharply divided from the shoulder line of the torso by a deep groove. The torso expands from the shoulders to the base. What appears to be breasts, or some form of dress fastening, are indicated by fine incision. The right breast is squarer and more emphasised than the left, which is diamond-shaped. A fine, apparently interrupted, V-shaped incised line runs from the right edge of the right breast to the mid-torso and up to the top of the left breast. Other scratches on top of the skull could be hair, while a clear lattice pattern on the back which might represent textile or clothing, such as a cloak, or, less likely, body decoration. The Westray figure — which was dubbed the “Orkney Venus” by the national media — bears some resemblance to the prehistoric “Venus” carvings, from elsewhere in Europe,which have rounded heads, large breasts and exaggerated hips. According to Richard Strachan, project manager and senior archaeologist with the Historic Scotland cultural resources team, the find was “one of those ‘eureka' moments.” He added: “None of the archaeology team have seen anything like it before, it's incredibly exciting. The discovery of a Neolithic carving of a human was quite a moment for everyone to share in.” The building being excavated was once a free-standing farmhouse, surrounded by a wall that was carefully built to look impressive, and standing within a network of fields. After the main period of occupation was over, it appears the farmhouse had secondary, less formal uses – perhaps as a store or holding pen for animals. As the building decayed, it began to fill with rubble and midden. The figurine was found among this midden, suggesting it came from a time after the structure's use as a farmhouse had ended. Mr Strachan added: “With some of the objects found, you might think they had been left behind, perhaps on a shelf, and just fell down and became buried. But with something this fine, and unusual, it begs the question of whether it may have been deposited there intentionally, perhaps as some act of closure after the building's main use was over.” What the carving was for is uncertain, but it may have had a symbolic purpose — the lack of wear and tear suggests it was not regularly handled.
The role of the figurine The discovery of the figure is highly important for archaeology in Scotland and
across the UK. A great deal of academic discussion is likely to take place as experts consider what it tells us about life and culture 5,000 years ago – a time when representations of the human form were exceptionally rare in Britain and Ireland. This process has begun with a brief examination by Dr Alison Sheridan, Head of Early Prehistory in the National Museums Scotland archaeology department. Dr Sheridan suggests the figure was made by shaping a beach pebble, and points out “striking similarities” between its heavy, wavy eyebrows and dot eyes, and a design on three chalk “drums” found in a youth's grave at Folkton, Yorkshire. This motif is also present on a lintel in the tomb on the nearby Holm of Papa Westray and on a star-shaped piece of flat stone from Skara Brae. But, she warns, it is much less possible to be sure that these designs are necessarily intended to show human features. Regarding the Westray carving, Dr Sheridan says it is unclear whether it was intended to be human or divine. She said: “Was this a sacred object? A toy? A bit of fun? The other finds of the ‘eyebrow and eye' motif suggest that it had special meaning to Late Neolithic society, so it may be that this is a representation of a goddess or ancestor figure.”
In the immediate future it is likely that experts are likely to generate at least as many questions as answers as they try to get to grips with the significance of the Orkney Venus.
Another examination by Dr Elizabeth Goring, a freelance expert in figurines, has started to look at issues like what the figure was for and how it might have been used. One option is that it was worn as a pendant, but there is little of the kind of wear that would give substance to this idea. And while it does stay upright, it is not very stable and does not appear to have been specifically designed to stand as a statuette or figurine. Close examination using microscopes and raking fibre optic lights have shown a faint V-shaped incision linking what appear to be the female figure's breasts. Dr Goring suggests that the stone is so soft it could have been shaped with something as soft as a bone tool, and that the markings may have been made quite quickly. One possibility is that it was made with the specific intention of placing it inside the farmhouse where it was found as an act of closure when its main period of use came to an end. The report concludes: “If this object was used as a pendant, it was very lightly worn or not worn in life at all. If this object was used as a figurine, there was no evidence that handling was involved in its function. The existence of decoration on both front and back surfaces might suggest it was intended to be viewed in the round. The freshness and smoothness of the surfaces suggest that it could have been made shortly before deposition, or indeed for deposition.”
Jay-Z's Tidal is in the midst of another executive change: Jeff Toig, who became the streaming service's CEO 18 months ago, has left the company, Tidal confirmed on Friday. “As part of Tidal's continued expansion this year we will be announcing a new CEO in the coming weeks,” the company said in a statement. “We wish former CEO, Jeffrey Toig, all the best in his future endeavors.”
Billboard was first to report the news on Friday, noting that Toig had left the company in March.
Toig's departure is just the latest shakeup in a number of leadership changes since Jay-Z acquired and then launched the service in early 2015. Toig had joined the company in December of 2015 as Tidal's third CEO in just 8 months; the streaming music veteran came to Tidal from SoundCloud, and had previously built Muve Music, which was first to bundle a music service with a mobile phone plan.
Ironically, Toig is leaving at a time when Tidal is also looking to bank on mobile music. Mobile phone service operator Sprint acquired a 33% stake in Tidal in January worth a reported $200 million.
Sprint CEO Marcelo Claure joined Tidal's board as part of the acquisition, and a source close to the company told Variety that Claure, as well as Jay-Z and longtime confidant Desiree Perez, have been closely involved in the management of Tidal during the leadership transition.
Related Tidal Launches Unplugged, $1 Million Program to Support Emerging Musicians Norway Authorities Investigating Tidal ‘Fake Streams' Claims
Little is known about Sprint's exact plans for Tidal, but it's safe to assume that the leadership change is part of an attempt to reposition the company and closely tie it to the mobile operator. Tidal previously tried to compete with Apple Music and Spotify by banking on exclusive releases, but that alone didn't seem enough to catch up with the two industry leaders.
Spotify announced in March that it has surpassed 50 million paying subscribers. Apple Music hit 20 million paying subscribers in December, and the company may announce a new milestone at its WWDC conference in June. Tidal claimed to have 3 million paying subscribers a year ago, but recent reports suggested that only about one million of them may have stuck around.
Just south of San Antonio, Texas, is the site of Texas' most famous ghost story. Not far from the San Juan Mission is an intersection of the roadway that is crossed by railroad tracks. Whether this is an urban legend or truly a ghostly tale has long been forgotten in history. Reportedly, this is the site of a fatal accident in which a train collided with a school bus full of children in the 1930s or 1940s.
According to the legend, it was a rainy Texas morning as the train moved swiftly down the tracks when the engineer spied a school bus stalled along his path. Frantically pulling his break and tugging on the train whistle, the hulking engine quickly advanced toward the school bus, unable to stop in time. Ten children reportedly lost their lives that day and continue to haunt the area, protecting others from a similar fate.
As the story goes, if you park your car directly over the tracks and shift into neutral, the ghosts of the children will push it uphill, out of the way of any oncoming train. And if you have the foresight to cover your bumper with baby powder or flour, you can reportedly see the children's fingerprints upon your car.
This story has been featured on the popular television shows of Sightings, Unsolved Mysteries, as well as numerous Texas Magazines and newspapers.
Despite the much publicized story, its truth has been hotly debated in San Antonio and both area residents and local law enforcement are weary of the legend. Numerous accounts have been reported that cars do in fact inexplicably move on their own and mysterious prints are seen on vehicles. Others allege they have heard the voices and laughter of children while at the site.
However, in support of the San Antonio residents, there are no records of any such accident having ever occurred in the newspaper archives anywhere in Texas. It seems to us that an accident of such magnitude would have been reported somewhere.
Furthermore, official investigations into the events have determined that despite an illusionary appearance of a level, or even slightly inclined road, the street surface is actually at a 2 degree declination. This would result in the natural rolling of a car parked in neutral. As to the fingerprints, these could easily be those that were already there. Even after washing, forensic studies have concluded that fingerprints can still occur.
As the curious from all over the country come to witness the paranormal phenomena, law enforcement are constantly forced to deal with traffic problems at the site, especially around Halloween. Area residents have grown extremely weary of the congestion and the drugs and alcohol that seemingly accompany many of the visitors. Unfortunately, a criminal element has also entered upon the scene as reports of car-jackings, purse snatchings and worse, are perpetrated on the many curious and unsuspecting ghost hunters.
San Antonio is reportedly the most haunted city in the State of Texas with dozens of ghostly sites that are not debated. Perhaps it is time to give this legend a rest, along with local law enforcement and area residents.
Readers Tales and Comments:
I used to live in Seguin,Texas. I know many dispute the legend of the railroad track ghosts. However, I was witness to one very indisputable event there in my late teens, early 20s. Personally, I don't think a tow degree declination is enough to push a 3600 pound car (2 tons with passengers) over those tracks with no starting momentum… But…
One afternoon, I had gone to the railroad tracks with a few friends. After having drove over the tracks a couple of times, we were chatting with some visitors who had already taken a Lincoln Continental (2.5 tons +) over the tracks once. They were a husband and wife, and a visitor from Mexico, who didn't believe the event, accusing the husband, who was driving, of making the car roll. So, the husband and wife got out let their Mexican visitor take the wheel for himself.
They staged the Lincoln about five yards back from the tracks, with the engine shut off. With their visitor in the driver's seat, the car suddenly began to scream and slamming on the brakes. However, he could not stop the car until it completed its crossing of the tracks! He had also tried putting the transmission in park, but it still sped forward! I've never seen anyone so terrified. Once the car finally stopped, he jumped out, still screaming and shouting in Spanish, then demanded that his hosts take him back to his hotel, stating further that he was leaving and was never coming back!
I once went over in my 1968 Firebird convertible with a new parakeet in the car. The bird had been chirping happily, until we staged the vehicle for the tracks, when suddenly his chirping was completely silenced. It wasn't until we left the area that he began to chirp again.
Once, when I used the baby powder on my car, I had multiple small hand prints and one set of adult-sized hand prints. But, these hand prints did not belong to me — they were larger than mine, but smaller than my husband's. I had had no children anywhere around my car previously and was extremely meticulous about the appearance of my car. Also, all the prints were either on the bumper (small prints) or the ridge of the trunk (adult & more small). The bumper is too low for most people to place their hands for anything other than pushing and all prints were with the fingertips pointed up, unlike if someone just touches the back of a car (usually if they're sitting on the trunk or opening the trunk lid). When one washes their car with dish soap, oils from hands is removed, so no prints will remain.
Personally, I think the “experts” are “debunking” the myth so that people stop coming to the ghost tracks. The area has developed considerably since my visits, with a number of nearby residences. When I went, it was “countryside” near an industrial area. Also, the targeting criminals probably live nearby; kids/teens. If their debunking helps divert unwelcome visitors, more power to them. However, I know the tracks myth is real!
Incidentally, I never went over the tracks with the engine running, unlike most who try this. Timeframe of my experiences there was mid 1970s to 1981.
Whether or not a bus did get struck by a train there, there is something psychic in the area. I personally think the spirits there go much farther back in history than the use of buses. Was there an orphanage there once? Did someone once stall there in a vehicle after the tracks were laid and got killed? Those are the questions the debunkers should be researching. — Myrene, Hawaii, May, 2008
Reader's Comments: Probably someone has thought of this, but for the tiny hand prints that come on the trunks of the cars, here's an idea. Putting a cam coder or 8mm camera on the car, aiming at the baby powder (that is put on earlier) to actually see if the hand prints appear while the car is being pushed over the tracks. I've seen different stories about this (on Discovery Channel, etc,) but no one has tried putting a camera on the car when this occurs. – Rich, October, 2005
© Kathy Weiser/Legends of America, updated March, 2017.
Is Corn the Next Gluten? March 17th, 2014
Print
I would say yes!
It's estimated that as much as 30% of the US population is gluten intolerant. After identifying that gluten is an inflammatory food, most people find significant relief by avoiding it. But is adherence to a gluten-free diet enough to heal the gut and halt systemic inflammation? Unfortunately, no.
As more and more people go gluten-free, new “healthy” products make their way onto the shelves of the gluten-free aisle. And although gluten is absent, many of these gluten-free foods (and their packaging) are made with something equally dangerous: corn.
Corn, like gluten, is in EVERYTHING, from medications and chewing gum all the way to health and beauty products like toothpaste and makeup. A quick glance at the listed ingredients of most processed foods will more often than not reveal some obvious sources of corn, such as high-fructose corn syrup (HFCS), corn oil, and cornstarch. But just as gluten sometimes hides under ingredients like MSG and malt, corn can be lurking behind other names (names like “dextrose,” “xanthan gum,” “natural flavors,” “free-flowing agents,” “vitamin E,” “ascorbic acid,” “citric acid,” and “cellulose”). Even when it's not present in the food itself, corn lines plastic food containers and to-go coffee cups. You might have no idea it's even there.
Even if you diligently avoid all packaged foods and stick with whole fruits, vegetables, and animal products, corn can still sneak into your diet. Remember that what you eat also eats, and be aware of what that is. Unless certified as grass fed, poultry and livestock are fed corn (and usually GMO corn, at that).
Besides the fact that grain-fed meat comes from a less healthy animal and is extremely deficient in nutrients, the seemingly insignificant content of the animal's diet can be enough to trigger an immune response when you eat that gluten-free hamburger or have your morning nonfat yogurt.
So, what's so wrong with corn?
Although corn is touted as a health food, just like gluten it can cause a leaky gut. This is because, to many people's bodies, the protein in corn can look like gluten, and they “cross-react” to it. For those who know they suffer from gluten intolerance, this cross-reactivity provides an endless amount of frustration, worsened by the fact that our culture has been indoctrinated with the idea that corn products are a wonderful substitute for gluten-containing products. You might be able to make gluten-free tacos with corn tortillas, but that approach does nothing to quell the immune response.
Eventually you wonder, Why am I still getting migraines? or How come my blood tests haven't normalized? Some people likely give up and decide that removing gluten from their diet was an unnecessary step, and they need to return to harsh medications after all.
Not so! Gluten is only one of several molecules that imitate our own body tissues and contribute to autoimmunity. Molecular mimicry is only part of the problem with corn. Corn is one of the most commonly genetically engineered foods, with about 90% of it being GMO. Due to cross-pollination by wind, birds, and bees, that remaining 10% is not guaranteed to be GMO-free.
If we step back and look at the bigger picture, it's clear that corn has had a substantial impact on the culture and health of the American population. One of the most common uses of corn is high-fructose corn syrup (HCFS), and many believe the obesity epidemic is largely attributed to its prevalence in the Standard American Diet (SAD). HCFS is around 75% sweeter than sugar, and less expensive as well, making it an ideal ingredient in processed foods, which by their very nature are designed to be cheap and tasty. But because HCFS has made its way into everything from salad dressings to pasta sauce, our palates have become completely desensitized to the ubiquitous sweetness of our diets. Consuming sweet foods causes surges in blood sugar and actually intensifies our cravings for more sweets, and with a desensitized palate we can't enjoy the natural sweetness of fruits and vegetables. This eventually leads to hormone imbalances, overeating, obesity, and diabetes.
If you're still having issues with your health after removing gluten from your diet, consider the very real possibility that corn could be a major contributor. I suggest that those suffering from gluten-intolerance also permanently remove corn from their diets. Cross-reactive foods, while not actually containing gluten, will do equal damage to your body.
Photo credit: MindBodyGreen
Originally posted on MindBodyGreen
Want to Learn More?
Check out my segment on The Doctor Oz Show, where I discuss corn sensitivity!
Reverse Chronic Illnesses So You Can Take Back Your Health!
Are you ready to beat your symptoms, regain your energy, and feel like yourself again? Whether you have Hashimoto's, Graves', or any of the hundreds of other autoimmune diseases, I want you to know you CAN reverse your condition!
Tens of thousands of people around the world have already taken back their health using my New York Times Bestsellers, The Autoimmune Solution and The Thyroid Connection. Are you ready to join them?
In each book you'll learn how to address the true underlying causes of your symptoms using simple yet proven dietary and lifestyle changes. Best of all, you'll get step-by-step, four-week plans to put all of the principles into practice and truly make optimal health a way of life!
Get your copies today!
The new Cap City Fine Diner in Dublin's Bridge Park has beautiful, dark wood tables, a handsome central bar with a white granite counter, big, soft globe lights and lots of booths with red upholstery.
There's a bakery by the front door, a jukebox that plays customer selections over the restaurant's speakers, and a mammoth dispenser filled with a rainbow of giant gumballs.
The third Cap City location — and owner Cameron Mitchell's first return to the concept since closing an ill-conceived Cap City in Pittsburgh in 2002 — is something of a rebirth for the brand.
"We had a lot of fun designing it," said David Miller, president of Cameron Mitchell Restaurants. "It's been 20 years in the making."
The long lull between Cap City openings let the company take a new look at the concept and tweak a few things. Much of the look and feel could be repeated in the renovations planned for the Gahanna and original Grandview Heights area locations.
"We hadn't done one in so long. This let us do Cap City 2.0." Mitchell said. "It's not quite as down and dirty (a) diner."
Some things were too iconic to change, though. There are still the original chicken wings, and liver and onions on Wednesdays. And while the menu includes a lighter item or two, Cap City remains rooted in American comfort food or as Mitchell puts it, "it sure makes you feel damn good."
"And the Seriously Big Chocolate Cake," he said, "is still seriously big."
The Dublin location opens July 11 in Bridge Park, a huge development along Riverside Drive in Dublin that features hundreds of apartments, a fitness center, other restaurants, offices and retail space.
The new development made a Dublin location for Cap City possible, as other locations he has scouted never worked out or were not available over the years, Mitchell said.
"We've wanted a Cap City in Dublin for about 15 years."
As for additional Cap City locations, it is possible, yet unlikely.
Cap City, even after two decades, remains Mitchell's busiest restaurant. It is also one of the hardest to pull off, he said.
"Everything is made from scratch," he said. "It is a lot of work and attention to detail to run a Cap City."
That makes Cap City less profitable than some other concepts in Mitchell's wheelhouse. The brand also might not translate to other cities, because Columbus is the capital of Ohio.
"In Pittsburgh, no one understood what it was," Mitchell said of the name.
In Columbus that's not an issue.
"It has an iconic reputation," said Dennis Lombardi, principal of Insight Dynamics, a restaurant consultancy. "If you think about what makes a restaurant work — concept, location, consistency and you hit on all three, which Cap City does — you have a very successful restaurant."
Dublin is a good fit for the brand, with its proximity to other northwestern suburbs, traffic density and more affluent population, thus a logical spot for any of Mitchell's concepts, Lombardi said. In fact, there will be another Mitchell restaurant in the Bridge Park development — The Avenue.
Mitchell's company, Cameron Mitchell Restaurants, will have 29 locations after the new Cap City opens. Its sister outfit, Rusty Bucket, has 24. Mitchell now employs about 4,000 people.
Growth continues to be the company's hallmark. Since opening the first restaurant — Cameron's — in 1993, Mitchell has gone just one year without opening a restaurant. That was 2010. Even if there are no more Cap City locations, there will be more Cameron Mitchell concepts. The company will open three additional Ocean Prime locations in 2018 and two new concepts will open in the Short North as well.
Some companies stick to one concept, like Bob Evans Farms or Wendy's. Then there is Mitchell, who fields a multitude of brands, including Marcella's, the Pearl, Guild House, Hudson 29, M, Molly Woos. He admits it would be a lot easier and cheaper to stick to one or two concepts, but added that it wouldn't be as much fun.
"We can't grow," Mitchell said. "I love the action.
"I've said, my favorite restaurant is the next one."
jmalone@dispatch.com
@j_d_malone
Teen run over during wild street brawl
Updated
Police have charged a 21-year-old man with murder after a teenager was killed in a hit-and-run incident during a violent street brawl south of Brisbane.
A 17-year-old Marsden boy died after being hit by a car outside a party at Station Road at Woodridge, south of Brisbane, around 10.00pm (AEST) on Saturday night.
Police say fight broke out between two groups of youths at the party.
Sergeant Tony Jackson says officers found a badly injured teenager when they arrived at the scene.
Ambulance officers and a doctor tried to revive the teen before he was taken the Princess Alexandra Hospital on Brisbane's southside where he died.
"The fight has spread out onto the road and during the fight a male person has been run over by a vehicle which has failed to remain at the scene," he said.
A witness, who did not want to be named, says bottles were smashed over people's heads, beer glasses were thrown and posts were ripped out of the ground and used to damage cars.
"There was glass everywhere - I was literally in the middle of world war three," she said.
"I had to stand behind trees so nobody would throw beer glasses or anything at me.
"People were picking up weapons like mailboxes [and] bricks and they were smashing all the cars.
She says one man got into his car and "sped up towards the crowd until he hit somebody.
"We were actually trying to get him off the road but this guy was going to run all of us over we had no choice but to drag him to the side of the road."
The girl says a passer-by stopped to help the teen, but was forced to leave after people involved in the brawl turned on her.
"He went under the car and someone who was driving past stopped and she was going to take him to the hospital and then her car [became] the target," she said.
"Everyone started throwing everything at her car and that's when she had to take off. She actually had to leave him there."
The 21-year-old Woodridge man has been charged with murder and dangerous operation of a motor vehicle.
He is due to face Beenleigh Magistrates Court on Monday.
Map: Teen run over wild street brawl
Topics: crime, law-crime-and-justice, woodridge-4114, qld
First posted
Donald Trump speaks during a rally at Griffiss International Airport on April 12, 2016, in Rome, N.Y. (Mike Groll/Associated Press)
In January 2014, I wrote a post called “The Democratic Party's uphill path to 270 electoral votes in 2016.” I noted that, contrary to some conventional wisdom, the broader fundamentals of the presidential election actually favored the GOP.
This is still correct. In a forthcoming article, Lynn Vavreck, Michael Tesler and I estimate a simple statistical model of presidential election outcomes. It includes changes in the size of the economy (gross domestic product) from the first to the third quarters of the election year, the president's June approval rating and how many terms the incumbent party has held the White House.
If we assume that economic growth in 2016 will resemble that of 2015 and that President Obama's rating in June will be where it is now — about 50 percent — then it's actually Republicans who should have the edge: about a 60 percent chance of winning.
In large part, this is due to the White House's greater tendency to change hands the longer the incumbent party has been there — what the political scientist Alan Abramowitz calls the “time for a change” factor. This is not simply a quirk of recent elections. This tendency is present across a large swath of elections, as David Mayhew has found. For more on its origins, see the research by Christopher Wlezien, which I previously discussed. For a similar finding, see this post by Matthew Atkinson and Darin DeWitt.
There's nothing magical about this one statistical model, of course. One could imagine that other models would generate somewhat different results. And, of course, things could change: If the anemic growth in the first quarter of 2016 is a harbinger of growth in the rest of the election year, then that 60 percent figure might actually be too low. Or perhaps Obama's approval rating will continue to increase, and the 60 percent figure is too high.
Regardless, this was supposed to be a race that the GOP could win. What is striking, then, is how pessimistic many observers are:
In a recent survey of 15 academic experts on elections by the site PollyVote, only one expert expected the Republicans to win back the White House.
In prediction markets, the Democrats have a 70 percent chance of winning the general election. As Tobias Konitzer and David Rothschild noted on Tuesday, that is higher than at this point in 2008 and 2012. It's pretty remarkable that the markets give the Democrats a higher chance now than they did in 2008 — when President George W. Bush was far more unpopular than Obama is now and when the country was in the middle of a recession.
The forecasters at Good Judgment feel similarly. Over time, they have consistently favored the Democrats and currently give them about a 65 percent chance:
The forecast is even worse with Trump as the nominee. When asked to forecast the general election in this circumstance, the Good Judgment forecasters are even more bullish for the Democrats, giving them an 85 percent chance. This could reflect Trump's historically low favorability rating.
All the usual caveats apply. There are still six months before the election. Moreover, these forecasts are probabilities, not certainties. They merely show that the Democrats are favored, not that they are guaranteed to win.
Nevertheless, it is striking that in an election year in which the GOP should have been competitive — much more so than in 2008 or even 2012 — they find themselves in a hole.
Well that's... unexpected.
This video of a man interpretive dancing with colourful flags is going viral right now and the reason why is brilliant.
The fellow you're seeing twirling around right now is Derek Paul.
Paul was asked to perform at Christian group Teens 4 Truths conference in Fort Worth, Texas, last week.
The title of the conference was Countering the LGBT Agenda.
So you wouldn't expect whatever happened at the event to be labelled as "the gayest thing we've ever seen", but that's exactly how it has panned out:
WATCH MORE: Aeroplane passenger notices their window frame is loose mid-flight
Yeah, we don't really think that's what host David Pickup had hoped the outcome would be when he introduced Paul to the stage.
"Derek Paul is going to lead us in… I don't know what he's doing actually," he said.
"I haven't heard it yet but it may be a pretty… pretty neat thing to do to kick off today.
He called it a "song thing".
"Whatever that means, Derek, great come on up and do it."
And this, this is what that Derek did.
[Via Facebook/MassResistance]
This glorious performance comes to you from a one-and-a-half Facebook live video of the beginning of the event posted to the MassResistance Facebook page on Sunday.
WATCH MORE: PlayStation showcases virtual reality gaming experience
It didn't take long for the performance to go viral, with the clip being reposted around all corners of the web.
One version of the video, uploaded to the mediamatters4america YouTube channel, has clocked up more than 250,000 views since Tuesday.
It really got people talking:
For the record, Paul said on Facebook that his "worship flagging" dance was "was well received by all in attendance, even those with more liberal leanings".
"I hope my flagging continues to encourage all of my friends and family as we seek to worship the Lord with all our strength and dance before the Lord with all our might."
Wicketkeeper Matt Prior has been voted England Cricketer of the Year for 2012-13.
Prior, 31, the first wicketkeeper to win the award, hit a match-saving hundred in England's draw against New Zealand, and seven Test half-centuries.
Prior put success down to consistency over the year. "That's something I've worked very hard on," he said.
England bowler Katherine Brunt, who took 12 wickets in the World Cup, won the women's title for the third time.
Cricketer of the Year winners Men's award: Matt Prior Women's award: Katherine Brunt England Development Programme Cricketer of the Year: Ben Foakes England Disability Cricketer of the Year: Matthew Dean
She was chosen ahead of Holly Colvin, Charlotte Edwards and Sarah Taylor.
Prior beat off competition from England captain Alastair Cook and last year's winner, fast bowler James Anderson.
His magnificent unbeaten 110, and last man Monty Panesar's rearguard action in facing five balls at the death, denied New Zealand a series victory in Auckland in March.
"I've no doubt the innings in against New Zealand is pretty fresh in people's minds so that's probably had something to do with it," Prior added.
"It was great to get over the line, a hugely proud moment but from a team point of view we want to be winning Test matches not drawing them.
"But to save a game for your country is a great feeling and I was very proud."
Prior was born in Johannesburg, South Africa, and plays for Sussex in the County Championship.
The right-handed batsman, who is in England's squad for Thursday's first Test against New Zealand at Lord's, is widely regarded as the best wicketkeeper-batsman in Test cricket.
He made his England debut against West Indies at Lord's in May 2007, scoring 126 not out in the first innings.
Prior played down suggestions that the New Zealand series is a warm-up for the Ashes which starts at Trent Bridge on 10 July.
England's Test summer v New Zealand 1st Test, Lords, 16-20 May
Lords, 16-20 May 2nd Test, Headingley, 24-28 May v Australia 1st Test, Trent Bridge, 10-14 July
Trent Bridge, 10-14 July 2nd Test, Lord's 18-22 July
Lord's 18-22 July 3rd Test, Old Trafford, 1-5 August
Old Trafford, 1-5 August 4th Test, Chester-le-Street, 9-13 August
Chester-le-Street, 9-13 August 5th Test, The Oval, 21-25 August
"You can't have Test matches that are warm-ups," he said. "Every Test match is a special moment.
"You only have to walk into this ground at Lord's and walk out playing for your country.
"This series is massive. We had a tough series in New Zealand and we want to put in good performances and get a win.
"Winning is a habit and you want to get in that habit as soon as possible. Our best preparation whether it be the Ashes, India or New Zealand, is winning Test matches and we want to start on Thursday."
Prior's unbeaten century in Auckland which helped England draw the Test series against New Zealand also won the TwelfthMan Cricketing Moment of the Year Award, voted for by members of ECB's TwelfthMan fan community on Facebook.
Ben Foakes, the Essex and England Under-19s wicketkeeper-batsman, won the England Development Programme Cricketer of the Year award, while Matthew Dean, from England's Visually Impaired squad, was handed the England Disability Cricketer of the Year award.
Royce da 5'9" made headlines weeks ago when he talked about Drake potentially not being a top lyricist due to the ghostwriting allegations slung his way. Now, in a separate part of the same interview, Royce talks about how Earl Sweatshirt would have gotten offed for dissing Eminem like he has if this was 1999.
When asked what the difference is between beef in the old days and beef now, Royce says words held more weight back then. "It was actually repercussions to your words back then. You had to stand by what you said back then. If you said you were gonna punch someone in the face when you have seen 'em, you had to punch 'em in the face when you have seen 'em. Now it's like taboo to be hands-on [and] actually put your hands on somebody. As an OG, you've gotta learn how to ignore things. You have to. You gotta laugh shit off."
Royce went on to name Earl Sweatshirt as an example of younger kids popping shit. "Like Earl Sweatshirt talking crazy about Eminem? You gotta laugh that off now. In '99, his head? We woulda took his head. We woulda took his head a long time ago."
The Detroit MC went on to clarify why he thinks things are like this now. "Now it's just a different time and everybody's more mature. We just gotta understand that the kids we influence, a lot of times don't really know what they're doing, they don't know what they're saying. They're just kinda gettin' in front of the mic, saying shit. Then they get off the mic and just want to have a good time."
When asked if he's talking about Earl Sweatshirt or Tyler, the Creator, he responds, "Both."
Watch the entire clip above to hear him talk about the various beefs of Troy Ave, 50 Cent and more.
Subject to certain limitations, the benefits from the exercising of stock options are taxed at half the full rate today, which is similar to how capital gains are taxed. Mintz argued that any move to apply full taxation to the sale of stock options would require the government to introduce a corresponding corporate tax deduction for corporations issuing the options, something they can't currently do.
“If you don't [introduce a corporate tax deduction], you're going to have double taxation of stock option benefits,” Mintz said. “Any smart board would say, ‘Forget it, we'll never issue another stock option'.”
The NDP has said in its fiscal plan that it would eliminate the preferential tax treatment of stock options, arguing that “90% of the benefit of this loophole goes to Canadians earning $250,000 or more.” The Liberals, who said they would consider making the change as part of a broader review of tax expenditures, have suggested that they would apply full taxation above a cap of $100,000 a year.
Both parties have suggested that they would provide exemptions for start-up technology companies that often offer employees stock options in lieu of other forms of compensation.
The Liberals and NDP have also said that they expect their proposed changes to raise $500 million or more in annual revenue.
In contrast, the report estimates that the net effect of the proposed changes would be a loss of $12 million. That figure was reached by estimating the revenue from eliminating the current preferential tax treatment of stock options to the government, deducting the revenue lost by allowing corporate tax deductions, and factoring in the increase in personal tax on the higher dividend amounts — on the corporate tax savings — investors would receive after the change.
Mintz noted that he actually agreed with the idea, in principle, of fully taxing stock options as well as all other forms of compensation — so long as there exists a corresponding corporate tax deduction.
“It's good from an economic point of view to reduce distortions between different forms of compensation,” he said.
This is the eighth article in the Canada Votes 2015 series.
Green Tea Lemonade
August 23, 2011 by Leanne Vogel March 30, 2017
Print Green Tea Lemonade Author: Leanne Vogel Recipe type: Vegan, Gluten free, Dairy free, Sugar free, Yeast free, Corn free Prep time: 20 mins Cook time: 15 mins Total time: 35 mins Serves: 10 C A delicious and refreshing way to meet your daily water intake requirements and load up on age defying antioxidants. Keep in the fridge for up to a week for quick hydration. Ingredients 4 bags organic green tea
10 cups filtered water
¼ teaspoon concentrated stevia powder *see note
½ cup + 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice Instructions Place water in a large saucepan, cover, and heat on high heat until boiling. Remove from heat and drop in teabags. Allow to steep for 10-15 minutes. Remove tea bags and stir in honey, mixing until dissolved. Allow pot to sit for a couple of hours to cool before pouring into a large glass jug, mixing in lemon juice, and storing in the fridge until use. Notes Try using [naturally] flavored green tea like jasmine, apricot, or mango for flavor variation
Adjust stevia amount to taste as several brands seem to have a different sweetness strength. Don't like stevia? Try ½ cup honey or coconut sugar. 3.3.3070
You could say that I've become a bit obsessed withlately. You can find me using it as a, combining it with almond milk for[don't knock it till you try it], or enjoying aas a mid-morning treat. Because there's caffeine in green tea; albeit not as much as in a cup of coffee, I try to limit it to 1 cup per day, 5 days a week.Green tea and I have always had a Ross and Rachel relationship – on again, off again, love, hate… you know. Gosh, I miss that show. As with a lot of foods, I get bored, I move on, and then come back to it when I remember why I loved it in the first place. In the case of green tea, it's been absolutely. You see,; for some people, masks itself by. Of course our first reaction to hunger pain is to eat, but sometimes hunger is not the case! 9 times out of 10 it's because we're thirsty. My general rule of thumb is that if I've eaten in the past 1-2 hours and I get hunger pains, it's probably because I'm thirsty. I can't express how amazingly helpful this has been in. Before coming to the conclusion that my portion sizes were causing me digestive grief I would be finishing off the contents of my lunch kit – breakfast, morning and afternoon snacks, and lunch – all before 11am. It wasn't that I was eating more in a day, I was just eating it all at once because I wasWhen our; like when we have snacked + lunch within an hour of each other, we have too much food in our system which makes it nearly impossible for our bodies to digest the foods properly. With too much food at once and, I would often getand aevery afternoon. Dealing with swollen belly at the office is. After recognizing what the issue was, I was quick to come up with a water schedule and prepare a couple ofto help me transition to eating in 2-3 hour increments instead of jamming a days' worth of food into a couple of hours. It's not about eating more or less it's aboutOf course if I drink my water and I'm still getting hunger pains, I grab a snack. One of my favorite treat-like drinks has to be this green tea lemonade. I like to drink it in between my morning snack and lunch. It hits the spot with it's sweetness andme at the same time. Win-win in my book!Also, it should be mentioned, that contrary to belief, studies* are now showing that drinking tea doesn't dehydrate us as originally predicted. In fact, because of the antioxidants contained in green tea it can be a better solution than water… within moderation. I'll stick to my 7 cups of water, but I'll take in that last 1 cup of fluids by enjoying a tall glass of this stuff! *Source: European Journal of Clinical Nutrition, 2006
This entry was tagged: digestion, green tea, lemonade
Two weeks ago, Gawker's Adrian Chen published a leaked copy of Facebook's Operations Manual for Live Content Moderators, which the company uses to implement the rules and guidelines that determine which content will be allowed on the platform. The document was widely ridiculed for a variety of reasons, from the attitudes expressed toward sex and nudity (photos containing female nipples are banned, as is any “blatant (obvious) depiction of camel toes or moose knuckles”), to its lenient attitude towards gore (crushed heads and limbs are permitted “so long as no insides are showing”), to its arbitrary ban on photos depicting drunk, unconscious, or sleeping people with things drawn on their faces.
Facebook has a long history of banning—among other things—sexual content, which has angered many users over the years. In 2009, more than 11,000 Facebook users participated in a virtual “nurse-in,” changing their user pictures to photos depicting women breastfeeding in response to Facebook's policy of taking down such photos to comply with their obscenity guidelines. In May 2011, Facebook deleted a picture of a gay couple kissing because it allegedly violated their community standards, prompting widespread outrage from gay rights groups, and an apology from Facebook, which reinstated the photo.
The leaked document also gave some insight into Facebook's processes in respect to complying with international law. As Chen writes:
Perhaps most intriguing is the category dedicated to "international compliance." Under this category, any holocaust denial which "focuses on hate speech," all attacks on the founder of Turkey, Ataturk, and burning of Turkish flags must be escalated. This is likely to keep Facebook in line with international laws; in many European countries, holocaust denial is outlawed, as are attacks on Attaturk in Turkey.
Unlike Google and Twitter, Facebook does not have the ability to take down content on a country-by-country basis. If they take down something in response to the laws of one country, it is taken down for everyone. So if you criticize Ataturk on Facebook, even if you are located in the United States, you are out of luck.
NOTE: Facebook tells that this paragraph is mistaken about how they do their takedowns. We apologize for the error.
Shortly after the Facebook leak, blogging platform Tumblr published a draft copy of a policy against blogs that “actively promote self harm,” including eating disorders, sparking intense debate in the Tumblr community. Users expressed concern that the policy could lead to the deletion of blogs that merely discuss self-harm. One user observed that the line between discussion and glorification is blurry and subjective:
“…where does Tumblr plan to draw the line between what is acceptable and what is not? There are no clear-cut specifics as to what you will and will not able to post, so how are we as the users of this website supposed to follow this new policy if put into effect. How is the staff going to determine a person's definition of “promoting” when everyone has a different view on what should and should not be tolerated? Some users may believe that pictures or even general posts about these issues are a means of promoting them, yet others may see these pictures and posts as nothing more than another post on their dash.”
To be clear, Facebook and Tumblr have a right to decide what kinds of content they allow on their platforms. They are private companies and can generally control and limit the kind of speech they allow without regard to the First Amendment or other constraints. But content policies run the risk of angering and alienating longtime users, and they tend to be an increasing burden over time because the decision by the company to police on one topic leads to pressure to police on more topics. They also require deep training of the people involved to recognize the context and be sensitive to ambiguity. As a result, they are very difficult to automate.
Facebook, at least, does not seem to be prepared to properly train and sensitize those who will be responsible for taking down content on their websites. Instead, they appear to be relying upon an underpaid army of inexperienced content moderators—a choice that seems likely to lead to inconsistent and even unfair implementation of the policies. It's not hard to imagine a moderator who fails to appreciate the difference between commentary and promotion, or even one who uses his or her takedown power to play out a personal grudge or political belief. Even well-intentioned moderators may become overwhelmed with the sheer volume of material on a platform the size of Facebook.
NOTE: After speaking with Facebook, we decided to remove this paragraph.
The simple fact is that there will be mistakes and misuses of any content review system, even if the companies invest in more training. As a result, it is not enough for companies to simply implement takedown rules—they must develop a robust, easy-to-use avenue for error correction, misuse detection, and appeal. For more recommendations on creating and implementing rights-respecting content moderation guidelines, read the Berkman Center's Account Deactivation and Content Removal: Guiding Principles and Practices for Companies and Users.
Content moderation policies are always evolving. EFF will be watching these systems carefully and users should too. Developing a fair and effective approach to content moderation is considerably harder than it looks. The history of the Internet is littered with well-intentioned content policing systems that went awry.
Convicted Mob Drug Dealer is East Side Mansion's Suboxone Developer
The elegant yellow brick Tillinghast Mansion on the corner of Lloyd and Thayer Street is being transformed into a Suboxone clinic by one of Rhode Island's most notorious criminals.
Richard Dion, who manages the corporation Oxford Investment which purchased the East Side mansion where the drug treatment facility is being advertised, is a former Providence Police officer, has deep ties to organized crime, and in 1999 was convicted by federal prosecutors for cocaine dealing, extortion, and racketeering.
As GoLocal first reported on Monday, “One of Providence's most acclaimed historic mansions is being transformed into a Suboxone clinic..the mansion was purchased for $1.6 million from Deborah Zaki. Zaki is the widow of Hani Zaki, who was murdered in 2001 and the crime has never been solved. He was killed in his home on Prospect Street, just two blocks up the street from the Lloyd property.”
Leading Rhode Island law enforcement officials tell GoLocal that Dion has close ties to Eddie Lato — an identified Capo in the New England crime family.
Federal Cocaine Conviction
According to Federal court documents, “Richard A. Dion pled guilty to five counts of an indictment charging him with distributing cocaine, and to three counts of a separate indictment charging him with racketeering and extortion. Because the quantity of cocaine distributed was more than 500 grams, the Federal Sentencing Guidelines call for a sentence of 63-78 months, mandates a sentence of at least five years in prison.”
The federal racketeering indictment charged that Dion was "part of a wide-ranging conspiracy to collect gambling debts by extortionate means. Specifically, it alleges that Dion acted as an enforcer and threatened at least two people with physical harm if they failed to make payment. One of the victims was Robert Atamian, who Dion learned was addicted to the prescription drug Vicodin. When Atamian became fearful for his safety, he sought protection from the FBI. Agents persuaded him to begin purchasing Vicodin and, later, cocaine from Dion who was under investigation for his role in the racketeering activity.”
Elected Officials and Residents Caught Off Guard
The Providence City Councilman who represents that area was unaware of the sale of the property to Dion and the building's transformation into a Suboxone facility.
“I learned about the proposed clinic from GoLocalProv – thank you for informing the community. I look forward to consulting with the College Hill Neighborhood Association to learn their assessment of local impacts and concerns,” said Councilman Sam Zurier. “I also will discuss the proposal at a regularly scheduled meeting of the Ward 2 Committee which will take place in a couple of weeks. Based on that feedback and a better understanding of the regulatory process, I will develop a position and a plan that best addresses the legitimate concerns of my constituents.”
Similarly, Josh Eisen who heads the College Hill Neighborhood Association tells GoLocal, “CHNA was not notified of the plans. We will need to research and discuss before we can comment further.”
View Larger +
Dion's proposed Suboxone clinic may face little regulatory review if his facility is tied to a licensed physician.
According to the Rhode Island Department of Health's Joseph Wendelken, "Someone who is licensed by the Rhode Island Department of Health as a physician, and who is waivered by the federal government to prescribe buprenorphine, can prescribe that medication without getting a separate facility license from the Department of Behavioral Healthcare, Developmental Disabilities, and Hospitals.“
The impact on the neighborhood - one of the most expensive and historic in the region - may be significant.
“There used to be a day spa there," said Sharon Steele, a leading East Side real estate consultant. "What I don't understand, is how it goes from a day spa to a Suboxone clinic? What kind of zoning is in place? Wickenden is at least commercial. This is smack in the middle of a residential area."
“From a real estate consultant standpoint, my immediate reaction was, what happened in the dark of night? Clearly this didn't happen in 24 hours, but it was all kept under wraps — until it became public,” added Steele.
View Larger +
As GoLocal reported this summer: A former Rhode Island tax preparer who was sentenced to 27 months in federal prison by the Department of Justice has opened a suboxone therapy clinic Wickenden Street in Providence. Neighbors have taken to social media as a number of people were victims of his tax scheme are concerned about the new venture.
Michael Brier, who in 2013 pleaded guilty to underreporting over a million dollars in income and violating a federal court order that had permanently barred him to preparing tax returns for others, opened Recovery Connection in Providence in June, to "provide counseling services to those with opioid and drug addiction issues," at the same location where his tax preparation services had been.
READ MORE HERE
Related Slideshow: 25 Interesting Americans Tied to Raymond Patriarca
Related Articles
Enjoy this post? Share it with others.
Sons of Anarchy‘s breakneck fourth season continues this Tuesday (FX, 10/9c) with perpetually downtrodden Opie featured prominently due to the untimely (and unseemly) death of his father. How will he cope with the knowledge of who killed Piney? Should retaliation be expected? Is Opie's friendship with Jax now but a distant memory? Ryan Hurst spoke with TVLine about what lies ahead for his conflicted Son as well as what the end of the season holds for the club.
TVLINE | Opie has now been catapulted to a darker place than we've ever seen him — and that's saying a lot. What's going through his mind moving forward?
There's a lot of talk on this show about the club, the club, the club, but there's also this pragmatic side to it that a lot of members face in their lives where they say, “Well, wait a minute — this is my life we're talking about and what good is this doing for me personally?” Opie and Jax's [respective] journeys are very similar in that they are questioning the purpose of being a part of this club in the end. Jax has obviously decided to leave the club and focus on his family, and meanwhile Opie is losing more and more of his own family. Things with Lyla don't seem to be panning out, and his father gets murdered. And Opie has reached the end of his rope. He realizes that he's giving his life to this thing that's killing him, so there's some real soul-searching that Jax and Opie do that is paralleled nicely.
Sons of Anarchy‘s Maggie Siff: ‘Something In Tara Has Snapped' – But Is the Worst Yet to Come?
TVLINE | Speaking of Jax and Opie, there is a serious strain on their friendship at the moment, given recent events. Is that relationship fractured beyond repair?
I would say that for the time being it's pretty much fractured. I've spoken a lot with [series creator] Kurt [Sutter] about where things might go for following seasons, and [in Opie's mind] — and I believe this is something I brought up with [the writers] in the second season — the only thing that holds anyone to an organization is their trust in it. A few seasons back when Opie sat down with Clay and the club when they thought he was a rat, he said, “It looks this way, but it's not this way,” and he was led to believe everything was cool. And then Clay turned around, tried to kill him and ended up offing his wife [Donna]. There's a similar thing brewing now between Jax and Opie. He feels betrayed [because] Jax convinced Opie to sign off on the [drug cartel deal] without telling him he was planning on leaving the club, which is lying by omission. That, plus his trust being broken with Lyla, his trust in people in general has really been broken down and torn apart. For the foreseeable future of Jax and Opie, Jax is really going to have to prove himself in a way that can salvage their relationship.
TVLINE | By the same token, Opie's trust in Clay is now completely abolished, and I cannot fathom a world in which these two can coexist let alone participate in the same club. How can Clay possibly survive the season? And is this a relationship that can be salvaged enough to continue on in Season 5?
That's a great question, but I don't really have an answer for you… [Laughs]
TVLINE | Fair enough. I have to say, the way you're talking about the show makes it seem like you're as big of a fan as the average viewer. Are you actually someone tunes in week-to-week?
Yeah, I love everyone in the cast and the whole creative team. I feel like I'm pretty much an average viewer. [Laughs] There are some episodes I feel strongly about that really hit home, and then there others that are kind of more filler than anything else. Kurt just has so much story that he wants to tell, and in that capacity I'm a huge fan of the show.
TVLINE | Talk about the death of Piney. Did it come as a surprise to the cast that the producers decided to kill off William Lucking‘s character?
It was a huge surprise. No one really knew that it was coming, and afterward, once word came down, Charlie [Hunnam] and I took a meeting with Kurt and asked if there was any way we could not lose him. Obviously it's Kurt's show and he knows the story better than we do, but Bill's just such a strong component to the dynamic. Kurt said, “No, guys, I'm sorry. This is the decision that I made and that's the way we're going.” We had a big going-away party for Bill at a nice restaurant to send him off, but it was a very sad day. Also, the way that the whole thing developed is that originally in the pilot script, Piney was not Opie's father; he was just another club member. It was the likeness between the two of us that made Kurt decide to put it in that way, and it ended up being the missing piece in the dynamic of the whole show. It helped complement Jax and Opie's relationship as two guys who grew up with their fathers in the club. But, yes, Bill's really missed.
TVLINE | We're heading into the final three episodes of the season and given the intensity of the installments up to this point, I have to imagine fans are in for more of the same — meaning not being able to breathe, but not wanting to look away either.
From the very beginning of the show, Kurt has been very good at restraint. Even though he tells these big, broad, violent stories, he's good at pulling the information back up until the last couple of episodes, where he then just takes the inertia that's been building throughout the season — or seasons — and flies through it, so we always end with a bang. It's a testament to his ability as a creator and a showrunner. And the way in which he does that this season — I would say from a viewer's standpoint — delivers the strongest ending that this show has ever had by far. [This momentum] probably started when Piney died and from there on out there was a change on set where the cast started getting excited again about the show and talking to the writers and Kurt about the really great stuff they were putting out there. When you're on a show for the longterm, you don't usually get a lot of that. You kind of just show up and do your best, but when everybody four years in starts getting excited about the story that they're telling, you know it's good.
Exclusive: Sons of Anarchy Boss Kurt Sutter Sheds Light on This Season's Very Dark Twists
TVLINE | This season has certainly seemed amplified in so many ways, but was that the plan from the start? Or as the scripts came in, were you all becoming more aware of just how good it was?
Beforehand Kurt let us know that the majority of last season he had this very personal story that he wanted to tell that involved all that happened in Ireland, and going into this season he had a lot of ammunition at his disposal. He'd refocused the show back on the club and character dynamics within, and he hinted at what that meant going in. From the get-go he said that this would be “the year of the gun” and that it's all about the club, so everyone should get ready to do a lot of work. But we had no idea — like you said — how raw the middle and end of this season was going to get.
TVLINE | As it stands now, everything that has happened to Opie is bad, and his world is sort of crumbling around him. But is there a chance this all might ultimately afford him some much-needed closure?
I always tease the writers that Opie is the Job of this show — nothing good ever happens to him and it's always tortured. [Laughs] I've made fun of Charlie about it, too. So much of this show revolves around Jax not finding out what happened to John [Teller], as well as Gemma and Clay's possible involvement in his death, and Opie, meanwhile, has been dealing with that stuff since the end of the first season! He knew Clay killed his wife and now he knows Clay killed his father, and it's kind of like he runs interference on a lot of the issues Jax is being protected from. But by the end of this season, all of that stuff can't be controlled anymore. It bubbles to the surface and he realizes the life-and-death nature of what he's become and what he's a part of. There's an old saying that if you live a violent life, you die a violent death, and he's reaching a point where [he's asking himself] if he's willing to accept that one of these guys is probably going to kill him in his bed. And is he OK with dedicating his life to that? In true Kurt form, you're not going to get an answer this season. It's unavoidable anymore for Opie, and that becomes clear, but a firm answer [to that question] really won't be handed out this season.
I think the hardest thing for people that are not alcoholics to understand is what we feel we've lost when we quit drinking. Although we wake up with a clear head and a clear mind there always seems to be an empty space inside our soul. I do not know if all recovering alcoholics feel the same as I do but I do know that something always seems to be missing. I'm not one to make excuses, I'm just going to continue to fight each and every day to make sure I never fall back into the life I was living; where each moment of each day was just a filler until I put that drink into my body.
For about 20 years of my life, all of my social interactions during evenings and weekends basically revolved around drinking and it was all I knew. For the past three years I have tried to find happiness and fill that void in my life with other addictions, be it women or more recently work. Every time I think about going out and trying to get away for just a little bit, my mind switches on and I convince myself otherwise. Do I want to go out and enjoy a concert or spend time with friends? Absolutely! But it always comes back to the same thing.
When I look at social events in Costa Rica and get-togethers with locals or friends it almost always revolves around alcohol. Being around drunk people now annoys me and also there is a part of me that says, “You know you want to partake in the fun that everyone else is having.” Alcohol allows you to make stupid mistakes in judgment, act like an idiot, and have an excuse to fall back on when anyone says, “Do you remember what you did last night?” These are the thoughts that go on inside my head.
We all crave human interaction and intimacy, but the situation I have mentally put myself in has become a prison. I do not want to go out after about 8 pm because I do not want to be around people drinking. I work at a job where, although great because I make my own hours and set my own schedule, is very solitary. People always tell me when you are out grocery shopping or running errands you can meet people. Yes they are correct, but without my alcohol serum I am a shy recluse that is terrified of rejection. It is so difficult for me to interact with others and try to get over the hump of letting go of this feeling of emptiness without a drink in my hand.
The most frustrating part of my disease is many do not understand what is going on inside me and the demons I have to fight off each and every day of my life. Although I never went through the 12 steps, having open-heart surgery helps you jump into cold turkey pretty quick, I do know that it is a fight that you have to take one day at a time. Each and every day is a battle until you go to sleep to keep your demons at bay. We are not allowed to skip one day because it leaves us susceptible to falling into the same old life we used to live.
I would always hear old friends and people I knew tell me that I should just get over it and let it go. They could never understand the daily mental struggle I had just being me. I would love to have been able to find an answer to my problems the same way I quit drinking, cold turkey, but unfortunately not picking up a bottle of beer and fixing your mind are two different animals. I know if I go back to drinking I let all those that stood by my side during my recovery down and that is probably the only thing that keeps me from going to buy a bottle of vodka at the store right now. I would love to say that I am doing it for myself but then I would be lying.
When I was drinking and partying I did not know how unhappy I truly was and the old saying that ignorance is bliss could be applied to each day of my life. Since putting down the bottle I now see how hard life really is and the 16 to 18 hours of work I put in each day never get me very much ahead. I look around and see people that have scammed or fallen into a pot of gold and keep saying, “When is it my turn to experience true financial independence?” With each day that passes it does not happen and with each day, more and more anger grows in a space that used to be filled by booze and drugs.
So many things about people around me have started to irritate me on a daily basis. Things like, women marrying men for money, stupidity, arrogance, and most of all the sense of entitlement that has become a part of so many in today's society. Why are the dumbest among us the ones that are breeding? Why do Costa Ricans stop their cars and bodies in the worst places? It is almost as if people think that laziness and not proving themselves should be rewarded. I have seen interns and young adults feel that just because they are around, that they deserve to be part of something or paid. I had a Costa Rican the other day make a joke while I was working on a website talking about how people really do not want to work anymore and just want things handed to them. He said, “You are working”, he then came up and stood beside me and looked over my shoulder at the screen and said, “Now we are both working.” I thought to myself exactly!
There is a wave of apathetic behavior that has become a virus in society. Kids that want to grow up and be musicians, or actors, or athletes. While I would never say to them not to chase your dreams, I also know that most will never make it. I think that there is a thought that this would be the easiest path to follow but the fact is most do not want to put in the work required to accomplish those dreams. All of these things vibrate in my mind each day developing more and more anger in that empty space that used to be soothed by having a drink.
But I will never have another drink and I will continue to live ethically. It may require 100 times the work and effort but at least I can sleep at night. The alcohol addiction in my life had been filled by another addiction, creating successful businesses and building an empire. I know that sounds silly being that I was still living on commission payment to commission payment, but I wanted to follow my dreams to financial success. Only one problem, the new addiction just like the old addiction did not pertain to having a relationship.
When I was drinking if I had met myself I would not have wanted to be my friend. I was arrogant, conceited, and full of myself, but in my own way happy with the way I was in my alcoholism. The old me was outgoing and exhibited asshole behavior when drinking, while the new me was shy and afraid to open up to anyone I did not know. Having to try to figure out who I was again at age 36 was not something that I wanted to do. I hated the fact that I had not died in the hospital because the pain of living a life trapped in my own emotional hell was worse.
Who was I? Where was my life going? Would I ever find someone that could be with the person I was? The questions continually ran through my heart and my mind. Each day would consist of work and each night the same. I was in a metal cage that had been locked by my alcoholism and the search for the key to set me free seemed like an unending journey. It was all I could do to not break down and cry while trying to seem happy.
I knew and I know that this struggle will probably still be a fight until the day that I die. I know that it will isolate myself from others as I do not want to let anyone inside my heart. I know that many people will never understand the demons inside the mind of an alcoholic. However, I will wake up each morning, open my eyes and try to get through another day, taking them one at a time. I will fill the void that was once filled with alcohol with work or whatever other thing seems to work that day and I will pray that one day soon I will be able to come out on the other side of this and say “I won”. Right now I am just hoping that day comes soon as it is an exhausting journey.
Next Up – New Year, New Life
Former world number one Andy Roddick is in awe at how Roger Federer is still at the top of his game despite being 35 years old.
Federer returned from a six-month layoff earlier this year to upset the odds and triumph in the 2017 Australian Open, marking his first Grand Slam victory since 2012.
The current world number five further added to his tally, winning titles in Indian Wells, Miami and the Halle Open as he currently maintains an extraordinary 29-2 record in the calendar year so far.
"I don't know how long [he can keep playing for]," Roddick said, as quoted by Tennis World USA. "People are honestly talking about three or four years still.
"It's crazy because it's not even a crazy thought to think that is a realistic possibility. What he's done is amazing.
"My theory was always he can be top 10 as long as he wants to be."
The Swiss ace had suffered a dip in form in recent years, leading Roddick and many others to believe he had fallen behind the likes of Novak Djokovic and Andy Murray.
"I definitely thought he had fallen behind (Novak) Djokovic," Roddick explained. "For three, four, or five years, that match-up wasn't favourable to him."
"The same with (Andy) Murray, and it's always been a tough match against Rafa. So I didn't know if he would win again before the Australian Open this year.
"Then all of a sudden he gets to Australia, the courts are playing a little bit faster, he gets through a couple of tough match-ups, and the guy wins the tournament. He's been far and away the best player in the world for the start of the season. It's a joke."
Federer is now the last remaining favourite at Wimbledon following recent big-name exits as he takes on Tomas Berdych in the semi-final on Friday (14 July).
"He's the best talent, the most versatile talent, left in this tournament by a long-shot with those guys out," Roddick added. "It's just nuts what Roger's doing still."
An investigation is underway after a man was shot and killed inside a Montgomery County church following an altercation. NBC10's Denise Nakano has the details. (Published Monday, April 25, 2016)
An investigation is underway after a man was shot and killed inside a Montgomery County church Sunday.
LISTEN: Montco Police Radio Dispatches for Active Church Shooter
NBC10 has obtained the audio of police radio dispatches that went out in Montgomery County Sunday, April 24, 2016 for an active shooter situation after a gunman shot a man during a church service at Keystone Fellowship Church in Montgomeryville. Listen here. (Published Sunday, April 24, 2016)
The incident occurred during the 11 a.m. service at the Keystone Fellowship Church on Stump Road just off Route 309 in North Wales. Police say 27-year-old Robert Braxton, a member of the church, was involved in an altercation with another church member. During the altercation, at least one shot from a semiautomatic handgun was fired.
Man Killed in Montgomery County Church Shooting
Investigators say the gunman who open fired at a Montgomery County church on Sunday morning was a fellow church member. NBC10's Lauren Mayk reports on the deadly shooting at the Keystone Fellowship Church in North Wales. (Published Sunday, April 24, 2016)
"It sounded like three pops, almost like a champagne bottle opening three times," said Breeana Somers, a 24-year-old Temple law student who was inside the church at the time of the shooting. "Everybody's trying to make themselves as small as possible. You could hear some screaming and some crying but it was pretty silent. I went under a chair in a fetal position. I tried to make myself as small as possible. It's really frightening that anything like this could happen here."
Police arrived at the church at 11:23 a.m. and found Braxton, of Montgomeryville, suffering from a gunshot wound to the chest. He was taken to Abington-Lansdale Hospital where he was pronounced dead at 12:11 p.m. An autopsy is scheduled for Monday.
Police say the other church member involved in the shooting was also injured during the altercation. He was taken to the hospital and later released. Investigators say the man is cooperating with police and no charges have been filed against him. They are currently trying to determine whether or not the shooting was justified. They also said the man has a concealed carry permit.
"There's no one in custody," said Montgomery County District Attorney Kevin Steele. "The individual involved in the shooting is cooperating with police at this point."
The shooting happened in the sanctuary of the church while hundreds of people, including children, were present, authorities later said. At least two dozen witnesses were taken to a local police station to give statements.
Keystone Fellowship Church, on Stump Road off of Route 309 in Montgomeryville, Pennsylvania.
Photo credit: Google Street View
The church released a statement in a Facebook post confirming the shooting.
"We at Keystone are saddened to confirm that a shooting took place at our Montgomeryville campus this morning," the statement read. "No one else was hurt...Our congregation is in prayer for everyone involved."
In an earlier post on the church's Facebook page, Keystone Fellowship announced a special guest pastor was scheduled to speak during its 11 a.m. service on Sunday about "serving in a country that is extremely hostile to the Christian faith."
"Please note: for our guest's safety, no photos or videotaping will be permitted," it added.
Emergency responders shut down the road leading to Keystone Fellowship Church in Montgomeryville, where police say they responded to an active shooter situation during a Sunday morning service April 24, 2016.
Photo credit: NBC10 - Lauren Mayk
It's unclear if the incident was connected with the guest.
Copyright Associated Press / NBC 10 Philadelphia
Chase Bank Is Finally Very Sorry for Having Man Thrown in Jail for No Reason (UPDATE)
By Curtis Cartier Mon., Jul. 11 2011 at 4:52 PM
UPDATE: Representatives for both Chase Bank and Ikenna Njoku's law firm Peterson Young Putra now confirm to Seattle Weekly that a settlement has been reached between Chase and Njoku for an undisclosed amount of money.
“The case has been amicably resolved and we are happy,” says Eva Cole, a representative for Peterson Young Putra, refusing to elaborate.
Chase also says that the bank has “already changed its procedures in branches to avoid situations like this.”
The bank refused to say what those changes are.
There are tales of corporate arrogance and idiocy. And then there's this.
As KING 5 reported this week, 28-year-old Ikenna Njoku went to a Chase Bank inside a Fred Meyer in Auburn on June 24 of last year with a $8,463.21 tax-refund check. This check was actually issued by Chase itself, as it had been deposited in Njoku's closed Chase account by the government and had fees deducted by the bank for past overdrafts. Finally the difference was mailed to him in the form of a bank-issued cashier's check.
So Njoku apparently went into the bank to cash this check, and the teller immediately became suspicious of him. She supposedly started asking things like what he did for a living and where he got the check, and “looking [him] up and down.”
The teller was so suspicious, in fact, that she refused to cash the check and instead had it held. Njoku eventually got frustrated and left the bank, then he called a customer-service agent who told him to come back the following day to get his money.
But when he showed up at the bank the next day, the police were waiting, and he was quickly arrested for a felony charge of trying to cash a forged check.
The check wasn't forged, of course, but nonetheless Njoku was taken to jail.
The next day–a Friday–Chase apparently realized it had made a big mistake and had someone put a call in to the Auburn Police detective handling the case. But the detective was off that day and didn't get the message until Monday morning.
The agent never bothered to call anyone else at the police station.
So for four nights and five days total, Njoku stayed in jail. His car was towed and impounded. And he was fired from his job for not coming in.
When he finally got out, Chase still wouldn't give him his check immediately, which he needed to cover things like to impound and tow fees that his car had racked up. So when he couldn't afford to get the car from the impound lot, it was auctioned off.
Worst of all, for a solid year, Njoku apparently tried to get an answer or some compensation from Chase, and for the whole year the bank ignored him.
That is, until he finally lawyered up and talked to the press.
Now, Chase is suddenly very apologetic. The bank issued this statement on Thursday:
“This is a very unfortunate and unusual situation. We apologize to Mr. Njoku and deeply regret what happened to him. We are working quickly to understand all the details so we can reach a fair resolution.
Working quickly on month 13. Waydago, guys.
Kansas Gov. Sam Brownback (R) announced Friday that he would look into raising taxes as a way of fixing his state's budget woes. It's a big shift for Brownback, who previously instituted deep tax cuts that have plagued Kansas's economy.
According to Politico, Brownback's budget plan now proposes raising cigarette taxes from 79 cents per pack to $2.29 per pack. Taxes on liquor would rise from 8 percent to 12 percent, according to The Wichita Eagle.
The Kansas governor also proposed raising overall taxes in the state by $211 million in the next fiscal year, which begins in July, according to the Eagle.
But he simultaneously proposed making future tax cuts based on projections of Kansas's revenue. Earlier in the week, Brownback said he would continue his plan to completely phase out the state's income tax.
“We will continue our march to zero income taxes,” Brownback said Thursday in his State of the State address. “States with no income tax consistently grow faster than those with high income taxes.”
In November, analysts projected that Kansas would have to make $278 million in budget cuts in the first six months of 2015 to get to a balanced budget.
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption The palm oil industry is worth billons across Africa
Communities in Liberia are being pressured to sign away their land to make way for palm oil plantations, according to a campaign group.
Global Witness says Liberians have been beaten and arrested for refusing, and wants a government investigation.
The group says that the company behind the plantations, Golden Veroleum (GVL), ramped up land clearances during the recent Ebola outbreak.
GVL said the allegations were "wrong" and "unfounded".
Palm oil is a multi-billion dollar global industry, almost every major food manufacturer uses it in their products.
The oil has become a cornerstone of Liberia's development.
In 2010, the Liberian government agreed to lease GVL 544,000 acres of land for over 60 years.
Global Witness says GVL dramatically expanded its operations in Liberia at the height of the Ebola outbreak last year, clearing thousands of acres of land while community support groups were busy dealing with the crisis.
GVL said in a statement that "70% of all land preparation activity in 2014 was undertaken prior to the major outbreak of Ebola in August, and from that point activity was significantly scaled back".
In the report, Global Witness calls for legislation to be passed recognising "that rural communities own their land".
In May, there were violent protests at a GVL plantation. Protestors in the south-east of the country reportedly took several people hostage before they were freed by police.
Background Edit
Summary of contents Edit
Theological foundations and major themes Edit
Controversies Edit
Approbation and authorship Edit Joseph Hansen, a historian who was appalled by the witch-craze and those who carried it out, proposed that coauthorship by Sprenger was a falsehood presented by Institoris (Kramer) and that approbation is partially a forgery. This had never been proposed before until Joseph Hansen in the nineteenth century. Christopher Mackay, author of the modern academic translation of the Malleus into English offers rebuttals to arguments of proponents of this theory and in an interview gives an accessible summary: The argument was made in the nineteenth century by a scholar hostile to what the Malleus stood for that the approbation was a forgery by Institoris and that Sprenger had nothing to do with the composition. The evidence for this is in my view very tenuous (and the main argument is clearly invalid). Nonetheless, once the argument was put forward, it took on a life of its own, and people continue to advance arguments in favor of the idea that Sprenger's involvement was a falsification perpetrated by Institoris, despite the fact that this argument was vitiated from the start.[116] In addition, Mackay points out that allegations raised in support of this theory that supposedly two of the signatories had not in fact signed the approbation are unsubstantiated. A similar response is offered by the author of the first translation of the Malleus into English Montague Summers. In his introduction, he ignores completely the theory that joint authorship or approbation could be a mystification. Nonetheless, he mentions briefly that it was questioned whether Kramer or Sprenger contributed more to the work. He comments that "in the case of such a close collaboration any such inquiry seems singularly superfluous and nugatory".[h] Broedel, a historian who writes that it is likely that Sprenger's contribution was minimal, nonetheless says that "Sprenger certainly wrote the Apologia auctoris which prefaces the Malleus and agreed to be a coauthor. Encyclopædia Britannica and The Encyclopedia of Witches, Witchcraft and Wicca ignore completely Hansen's theory and list Sprenger and Kramer as co-authors.[118] Wolfgang Behringer argues that Sprenger's name was only added as an author beginning in 1519, thirty-three years after the book was first published and decades after Sprenger's own death.[24] One of Sprenger's friends who was still alive denounced the addition of Sprenger's name as a forgery, stating that Sprenger had nothing to do with the book.[25] Many historians have also pointed out that Sprenger's actual views in his confirmed writings are often the opposite of the views in the Malleus, and Sprenger was unlikely to have been a colleague of Kramer since Sprenger in fact banned Kramer from preaching and entering Dominican convents within his jurisdiction, and spoke out against him on many occasions.[120] The alleged approval from the theologians at Cologne, which Kramer included in the Malleus with a list of names of theologians who he claimed approved the book, has also been questioned by many historians, since in 1490 the clergy at Cologne condemned the book and at least two of the clergy listed by Kramer, Thomas de Scotia and Johann von Wörde, publicly denied having approved the Malleus.[121][122] Jacob Sprenger's name was added as an author beginning in 1519, 33 years after the book's first publication and 24 years after Sprenger's death.[24] Jenny Gibbons, a Neo-Pagan and a historian, writes: "Actually the Inquisition immediately rejected the legal procedures Kramer recommended and censured the inquisitor himself just a few years after the Malleus was published. Secular courts, not inquisitorial ones, resorted to the Malleus".[38] The preface also includes an allegedly unanimous approbation from the University of Cologne's Faculty of Theology. Nevertheless, many historians have argued that it is well established by sources outside the Malleus that the university's theology faculty condemned the book for unethical procedures and for contradicting Catholic theology on a number of important points : "just for good measure Institoris forged a document granting their apparently unanimous approbation."[36]
Authors' whereabouts and circumstances Edit
Popularity and influence Edit
Gender-specific theory developed in the Malleus Maleficarum laid the foundations for widespread consensus in early modern Germany on the evil nature of women as witches. Later works on witchcraft have not agreed entirely with the Malleus but none of them challenged the view that women were more inclined to be witches than men. It was perceived as intuitive and all-accepted so that very few authors saw the need to explain why women are witches. Those who did, attributed female witchery to the weakness of body and mind (the old medieval explanation) and a few to female sexuality. Some authors argue that the book's publication was not as influential as earlier authors believed.[131][133] According to MacCulloch, the Malleus Maleficarum was one of several key factors contributing to the witch craze, along with popular superstition, and tensions created by the Reformation.[32] However, according to Encyclopædia Britannica: “ The Malleus went through 28 editions between 1486 and 1600 and was accepted by Roman Catholics and Protestants alike as an authoritative source of information concerning Satanism and as a guide to Christian defense [against acts of Satan]. ” — Encyclopædia Britannica Factors stimulating widespread use Edit Between 1487 and 1520, twenty editions of the Malleus Maleficarum were published, and another sixteen between 1574 and 1669.[134] The Malleus Maleficarum was able to spread throughout Europe rapidly in the late 15th and at the beginning of the 16th century due to the innovation of the printing press in the middle of the 15th century by Johannes Gutenberg. The invention of printing some thirty years before the first publication of the Malleus Maleficarum instigated the fervor of witch hunting, and, in the words of Russell, "the swift propagation of the witch hysteria by the press was the first evidence that Gutenberg had not liberated man from original sin."[135] The late 15th century was also a period of religious turmoil. The Malleus Maleficarum and the witch craze that ensued took advantage of the increasing intolerance of the Reformation and Counter-Reformation in Europe, where the Protestant and Catholic camps respectively, pitted against one another, each zealously strove to maintain what they each deemed to be the purity of faith. The Catholic Counter-Reformation would eventually even out this religious turmoil, but until then both the Catholics and Protestants constantly battled for what they believed was right.
Translations Edit
The Latin book was firstly translated by J. W. R. Schmidt [de] into German in 1906; an expanded edition of three volumes was published in 1923. Montague Summers was responsible for the first English translation in 1928. Year Target language Description 2009 English The Hammer of Witches: A Complete Translation of the Malleus Maleficarum, trans. by Christopher S. Mackay (Cambridge: Cambridge University Press, 2009) 2007 English The Malleus Maleficarum, ed. and trans. by P.G. Maxwell-Stuart (Manchester: Manchester University Press, 2007) (partial translation, this work excludes or summarizes crucial sections ) 2006 English Henricus Institoris and Jacobus Sprenger, Malleus Maleficarum, ed. and trans. by Christopher S. Mackay, 2 vols (Cambridge: Cambridge University Press, 2006) (edition in vol. 1 and translation in vol. 2) 2000 German Der Hexenhammer: Malleus Maleficarum, trans. by Günter Jerouschek, Wolfgang Behringer, Werner Tschacher 1928[j] English Malleus Maleficarum - The Witch Hammer, J. Sprenger, H. Kramer, trans. by Montague Summers 1923[k] German Der Hexenhammer von Jakob Sprenger und Heinrich Institoris, trans. by Johann Wilhelm Richard Schmidt (available online 1923 edition) Some translations ignore the most brutal third section and may be misleading to the reader. For instance, sections one and three have never been translated into Polish.[citation needed]
See also Edit
References Edit
Péidú māmā (陪读妈妈), or study mamas are foreign women who accompany their children to Singapore while their children receive primary and secondary-level education. The study mama phenomenon began in 2000, after the Singapore Government relaxed its immigration policies to attract more foreigners. Most of the study mamas are from mainland China.[1]
Introduction [ edit ]
The Immigration and Checkpoints Authority of Singapore possesses records that suggest that there are at least 7,800 study mamas of various nationalities, with two-thirds of the 6,800 study mamas in Singapore in July 2005 coming from China. Of these 6,800 study mamas, only 1,000 have been issued work permits.[1] Most working study mamas are employed in the service sector.
Jobs [ edit ]
In an article in People's Daily, it is estimated that peidu mamas require RMB¥1 million (approx S$217,000) of living and education expenses for their child to receive education from Primary 1 to Secondary 4 in Singapore.[2] The Singapore Government allowed them to come to Singapore, primarily to accompany their children during their studies here.[1] Peidu mamas are only allowed to obtain work permits after staying in Singapore for a year and are permitted to work in certain service sectors only.[3]
Government [ edit ]
The government places restriction on the employment of study mamas, arguing that their primary purpose of stay here is to take care of their children. Hence they should not be working, especially not as hostesses in bars or pubs at night. They are not allowed to work at food stalls, but can work in other services industries if given permits.[1]
Incidents [ edit ]
In October 2004, the daughter of a study mama, Huang Na went missing and was subsequently found murdered.
In June 2006, a female Chinese national who owned a massage parlour, which allegedly provided sex services to clients, was stabbed to death in Ang Mo Kio. This drew public and media attention to vice-related activities at some of these massage parlours. In early July 2006, the government conducted a crackdown on illegal employment at the parlours and imposed stricter regulation on their operations. This led some peidu mamas to hold a protest outside the Chinese Embassy, despite the prohibition of such gatherings in Singapore.[3]
What makes DeChambeau so interesting? Several things, actually. Let us count the ways.
1. Bryson developed his first set of single-length irons at 17. He and his long-time coach, Mike Schy, grinded down a bunch of shaft flexes and clubs to build his first set of irons. This year, Cobra, which signed DeChambeau to an endorsement deal after he turned pro following the 2016 Masters, released a consumer product, Cobra King One-Length irons, along with Bryson's input.
2. And it's not just the length of each iron shaft. Bryson's clubs, which are 37½ inches long, the length of a standard 6-iron, are set at 72-degree lie angles that are 10 degrees more upright than standard. To achieve a consistent swingweight, all the heads weigh 278 grams.
3. The Hogan cap also dates back to his teenage days. DeChambeau says he saw the cap in a pro shop when he was 13 years old and decided to pick one up, and it has become his signature look ever since.
4. His autograph is the most unusual on tour. Though he's right-handed, Bryson can sign his autograph backwards with his left hand. He spent hours perfecting his handwriting left-handed. “If I wanted to learn Arabic or Russian, I could. Or tie my shoes in a new way, I could. Why? Dedication,” he told our Jaime Diaz in 2016. “I'm not really smart, but I'm dedicated. I can be good at anything if I love it and dedicate myself. And I love history. I love science. I love music. I love golf. I love learning. I love life. I love trying to be the best at anything and everything.”
5. In high school, he rewrote his physics textbook. DeChambeau borrowed the textbook from the library and wrote down everything from the 180-page book into a three-ring binder. He explains: “My parents could have bought one for me, but they had done so much for me in golf that I didn't want to bother them in asking for a $200 book. … By writing it down myself I was able to understand things on a whole comprehensive level.”
6. At age 6, his math skills were off the charts. A young Bryson was a master of mental math and even had an understanding of algebra. Yes, algebra.
7. At 15, DeChambeau was given The Golfing Machine by Homer Kelley by his instructor Mike Schy. “After a couple of years of guidance from Mike, we came up with a single-plane swing from The Golfing Machine that's called a ‘zero shifting motion' more technically,” DeChambeau told Golf World's Curt Sampson in 2015. “I picked a certain specific set of variations for my components and made my golf swing what it is today.”
8. And he uses a system of putting called vector putting. If you see him and his caddie checking out his yardage book before he hits a putt, he's using his method to compute the break and read the green.
9. He has mastered an art technique called stippling. “I've gotten into stippling drawing, which is done with many dots making figures.” The Hogan painting seen here is hanging up in his parents house in Clovis, California.
10. At the start of the year, DeChambeau putted side-saddle. And the 23-year-old ran into some trouble with the USGA after they ruled one of his side-saddle putters non-conforming: “They're not a good organisation, and you can quote me on that. I'm part of their family and as family it's very frustrating to see them stunt the growth of the game.” He later apologised.
11. His wedges have physics formulas stamped on them. Cobra knows its audience.
Rare's Next Xbox One AAA Game Will have “Quadrupeds;” Unreal Engine 4 Confirmed and More
Giuseppe Nelva December 24, 2014 4:56:58 PM EST
We know that Rare is working on at least a new game, that they recently pitched to Phil Spencer, and the historical developer recently published a batch of career opportunity ads, going on a veritable hiring spree.
The first ad, seeking an Animator, mentions that the game will be an AAA experience and will make use of motion capture. There's also a quite juicy detail:
High quality animation skills that include experience in bipedal animation, quadruped and facial animation.
I don't know about you, but the mention of quadrupeds definitely evokes a certain game by Rare. Of course it's not a given, but…
Two ads, for a Technical Animator and a World Artist, confirm the use of Unreal Engine 4. Previous ads weren't as specific, mentioning experience with Unreal “or equivalent,” but these nail it down, explaining explicitly that the two candidates will use Epic's popular engine.
Push the limits of what is capable in Unreal and constantly strive to find better solutions. Work with the discipline lead to deliver content in UE4
The World Artist ad also mentions the use of outsourced art assets.
A Concept Artist ad explicitly specifies that the game is going to be for Xbox One.
An ad seeking an Engineer mentions “secure and scalable web services” and “reliable high-traffic web application to support console and multi-screen end points.” It also confirms the use of Microsoft's cloud in some form:
Experience developing, deploying and supporting applications on the Microsoft Azure platform.
An ad for an Engine Programmer confirms the fact that Rare is interested in games provided as a service, constantly updated:
The future of games development is building games that can be continually updated and delivered as a service. Rare is seeking an experienced and forward-thinking programmer who will help it to engineer scalable, high-performance games that take advantage of the flexibility this future holds.
It also mentions “development of an online multiplayer game at scale,” among the required expertise points. Unreal Engine and Xbox One/Xbox Live experience is also mentioned.
An Audio Software Engineer ad mentions the use of an in-house engine for sound and the audio middleware Wwise by Audiokinetic.
Its worth mentioning that not all the ads are necessarily related to the same game, so it's very possible that the studio (which counts about 200 developers) is working on multiple experiences. For example, they may very well be working on a single player experience and an online game at the same time, even if we have no way to know for sure.
Phil Spencer mentioned that the game he saw was “a uniquely Rare game.” It'll be interesting to see what he means, but I'm definitely keeping my fingers crossed.
The umpires will be the only ones to decide if play is suspended due to bad light © AFP
Umpires will now make all decisions regarding bad light without consulting the batsmen under amendments to the Laws of cricket that will take effect from October 1.
In practice that has been the procedure followed in recent times with the on-field officials setting a benchmark when they first leave for light, then ending play whenever the reading reaches that level without asking the batsmen whether they want to go. The Laws have been amended to ensure batsmen don't use light as a tactical advantage, such as taking the light after a loss of quick wickets.
At the recent ICC chief executives meeting in Cape Town it was reiterated that international matches should only be suspended when conditions were "dangerous or unreasonable" and that players should not leave the field when floodlights have been switched on.
Elsewhere in the Laws, MCC have reacted to the impact of Twenty20 on fielding by clarifying that a fielder can't start a piece of fielding from beyond the boundary marker, but they can still be airborne over the rope so long as he began the movement started inside the field of play. "Twenty20 cricket has contributed to increasingly athletic fielding standards, and MCC strives to ensure the Laws deal with the challenges posed by the modern game," the statement said.
Other Law changes are aimed at achieving more fairness between the teams. A batsman who damages the pitch will get a single warning, instead of two, before penalty runs are enforced to mirror the same punishment for fielders. Meanwhile, a bowler won't be allowed to cross an imaginary line between the middle stumps when delivering; for example declaring they were bowling over the wicket but releasing the ball as if they were bowling round the wicket.
However, perhaps the Law change that will have most impact on the players themselves is that bowlers are forbidden from bowling the ball into the ground to a team-mate as a warming because MCC says this damages the ball and wastes time.
The two final Law changes deal with very rare forms of dismissal. Law 28.1 has been amended so, if a batsman's bat breaks in the act of playing a shot and the broken part of the bat hits the stumps, he will now be out. A new sub-section has been added to Law 29.1 to protect a batsman who is well in his ground - for example a sprinting batsman who has run past his stumps - but whose feet and bat happen to be in the air as the bails are removed. He will now be ruled in his ground.
© ESPN Sports Media Ltd.
Over the last week since the general election, David Cameron has been putting together the most right wing cabinet we have seen for decades and has lost no time in announcing some of the most reactionary laws that have been proposed in decades. Emboldened by their parliamentary majority, and freed from the ballast of coalition with the Lib Dems, the Tories have rushed to introduce further measures to stick the knife in against the working class.
With Osborne, May, Duncan Smith, and Fallon all keeping the same positions they had before the election, it will come as no surprise to find the same austerity, anti-immigration, welfare-slashing and military policies setting the agenda at the top of government.
Protecting the bosses; attacking the right to strike
It is no doubt with a sense of smug satisfaction that Cameron has installed Sajid Javid as business secretary - a man who has a portrait of Thatcher on his mantlepiece. In his first job as a banker with multinational bank Chase Manhattan, he became the youngest vice-president in the history of the bank at age 25. Clearly this man is an accomplished parasite with a keen ability for making rich people richer: a perfect lackey for the ruling class and a sworn enemy of the workers.
Living up to these credentials, Javid announced on Tuesday that he would be pressing ahead with Tory plans to all but ban the right to strike. The Tories want to enforce a 50% turnout in strike ballots, with 40% of the eligible voting membership in favour of the strike. The irony of this would be funny if it weren't so serious, given that the Tories themselves were elected by just 37% of a 66% turnout, meaning their own mandate for enforcing such a draconian law is just 24% of the electorate.
Strike action is one of the few weapons workers in a capitalist system have to defend themselves against attacks by the bosses. As these attacks step up a gear under this government of the rich, the ruling class are keen to disarm the working class as far as possible; the political representatives of the capitalist class are all too aware of the industrial action that their austerity and planned cuts to come will provoke.
Such an attempt by the Tories could backfire, however, by radicalising workers and pushing them towards demands for longer, broader strike action, including demands for a one-day general strike. This would be a way of hitting back at the government and proving that it is workers on the shop floor, not Tories in cushy offices, who really keep this country running.
Furthermore, in the absence of any legal avenue for action, to act as a safety valve for the pressures building up in workplaces, it is possible that there will be more spontaneous, illegal action taking place. Such action has already been seen in the recent past period. Walkouts, unofficial strikes, and occupations: all of these are increasingly on the cards in the period ahead.
Scrapping human rights in the name of profit
Other head-banging reactionaries in Cameron's new cabinet include Priti Patel as employment minister, a woman who has argued fervently in favour of the death penalty, and who described British workers as “the worst idlers in the world” in a book she co-authored in 2012. She is in good right-wing company with John Whittingdale as culture secretary, who believes that the TV licence fee is worse than Thatcher's poll tax, and whose appointment points towards privatisation of the BBC.
Michael Gove, a man who argued for bringing back hanging in the late 1990s, is replacing the rabid right winger Chris Grayling as justice secretary, with the latter moving to leader of the Commons. It would not be an exaggeration to describe Gove as the arch-reactionary of the Tory party. After having lost his job as minister for education in the last government, due to the complete disgust of all who work in that sector with the policies he tried to force through, he has now been brought back to force through changes to the justice system that few, if any, lawyers think are a good idea.
Sure enough, within days of Gove's appointment the Tories have wasted no time in briefing that the scrapping of the Human Rights Act will be part of the first Queen's Speech of this parliament. The Act makes enforceable in Britain fundamental democratic rights, such as the right to freedom from inhuman or degrading treatment, including torture; the right to the freedom of assembly, freedom of movement and freedom of speech; as well as basic rights such as the right to a private and family life, and the right to life itself. These rights were set out initially in the 1950 European Convention on Human Rights, and were won as basic concessions by ordinary people who had been forced to suffer the horrors of fighting the second world war in the interests of their respective national ruling classes. Since then they have been used to challenge governments which have sought to criminalise protesters, limit the right to strike, turn a blind eye to crimes committed by troops overseas, and other abuses of the fundamental liberties of working class people.
The proposed replacement for the Human Rights Act is a British Bill of Rights which, according to the plans published by Grayling under the last government, will limit the enforcement of human rights to only “serious cases”, while “trivial” matters will not qualify for human rights protection. The difference between what a Tory considers a serious abuse of a person's rights and what an ordinary person might consider an abuse is likely to be enormous. There can be little question that these Tory plans are designed purely as an attack on the most fundamental rights of working class people.
Fightback against this government of thieves!
In short, the first week of this Tory government has given us the most reactionary cabinet for decades and proposals which, if passed into law, will constitute some of the most serious attacks on the working class for a generation.
Through this government, the ruling class is speaking with one voice, and its well-directed blows will land squarely on workers and young people. It is up to the leaders of the labour movement to launch the fightback against such attacks, starting with the call for a one-day general strike to show the Tories and the friends in the City who really runs society.
In the coming battles with the Tories we too have to be clear about what we are fighting for. We want to get rid of the Tories and see an end to austerity. To achieve this we want the expropriation of the rich, along with their banks and big businesses. We want real democratic control over the economy so that we can run it for need and not profit. We are fighting for the revolutionary socialist transformation of society. These have to be our demands and they have to be fought for using mass collective action, such as strikes and mass demonstrations, through which we can speak with one voice and strike with one fist.
Source
Mark Twain Steamship – Disneyland – 1955
Walt Disney and Riverfront Square
Part 1 – Preface
by Todd James Pierce
Much has been made of Walt Disney's boyhood romance with trains—particularly his experience as a “news butch” on the Missouri Pacific, where he sold soda, candy and tobacco to passengers as the train stuttered between cities. Without doubt, Walt's love affair with trains cast a long shadow into his adult life—from the scale model railroad he built in his backyard, to films such as The Great Locomotive Chaseand the trains that chuffed around the raised perimeter of his amusement park in California. But trains were not the only youthful interest that cast a long shadow into Walt's productive years. Walt grew up, largely, in Missouri, around America's waterways. His favorite author was Mark Twain, poet laureate of the steamboat. Along with trains, there was another, albeit lesser, romance: the river.
In 1919, while Walt was in Paris working as a Red Cross ambulance driver, by chance he was reunited with one of his childhood friends, a young man named Russell Maas. With Maas, years earlier, Walt had created his first home movies, Maas cranking film through the camera and Walt acting out various comic scenes before the lens. But now they both found themselves in Paris, the war long finished, both of them homesick for the States. Together they bought German shepherd puppies from the same litter—one for Walt, one for Maas. Walt took his pup everywhere, carrying him in his green, canvass backpack. The pup not only cured Walt's homesickness; he also drew the attention of women. “I had all the women coming up to admire the puppy,” Walt later explained. At night, once registered in a hotel, Walt would smuggle the pup up to his room, with the dog sleeping each night on the bed. But when Maas learned that he would be going back to America at least two months before Walt's departure, Walt thought it best that Maas take his dog as well, as the growing dog could be better cared for in Missouri than in a backpack. Then Walt had another idea: to have a type of celebratory vacation once they were both back home in the States—specifically to hire a boat and journey on the Mississippi River, Maas and Walt, along with the two dogs.
“We had saved a little money,” Walt later revealed in an interview. “I had over $500 in the bank…. We were going to get this boat and float down the Mississippi—down the whole Mississippi river…all the way to New Orleans, you see.”
Walt gave Maas seventy-five dollars to cover the transatlantic fare for his dog, believing of course that he would soon meet up with Maas in the states. But weeks later, when Walt was formally discharged, he traveled down to the port city of Marseille, only to find the dock closed due to a labor strike. “The whole darn place was upset. The boat was sitting way up out of the water, not loading.” For the next three weeks, Walt lived in a hotel room in Nice, finally receiving a spot on the SS Canada. By now Walt had let the idea of the Mississippi unfold inside his mind with private wonders—the American experience washing away the final loneliness of Europe.
But shortly after arriving home, Walt was greeted with twin disappointments. Walt learned that his dog, weeks earlier, had died on the ship as it traveled to the States. “Worms or something,” Walt would later speculate. “Or distemper.” Walt also learned that Maas had already taken a job—also a new girlfriend—and could no longer go down the Mississippi. Everything, in Walt's own words, “was blown sky high.” Disappointed, he considered his options. Instead of traveling by himself downriver, he decided to go to Chicago and look for work.
Over the next twelve years, Walt started an animation studio, created Oswald the Lucky Rabbit and Mickey Mouse; he battled with a crooked film distributer and struggled to grow his fledgling business. Then, in 1931, crushed by the pressure of work, Walt again felt the romance of the river. To recover from a nervous breakdown, Walt and his wife, Lillian booked a vacation to Key West then Cuba, but on the train ride to the Sunshine State, Walt wanted, once again, to glide down the Mississippi—to reclaim the trip he once wanted to experience with Russell Maas. Walt arrived in St. Louis to find the city significantly different from the elegant streets he had pictured in his youth. As a manufacturing city, St. Louis had been devastated by the Depression. Downtown regions were turning into slums; the beautiful cast-iron commercial fronts had been removed from many famous buildings; and the muddy waters of the Mississippi no longer held the wedding-cake rise of steamboats. Walt walked down to the levy—an area lined with crumbling walkways and dilapidated buildings—still believing he might find passage on a paddle wheeler. “I went all around to the shipping companies,” Walt recalled. “There wasn't a boat…There wasn't anything but old barges, pushing things full of rocks.”
But still the dream stayed with him—for over twenty years—bubbling up once again as he designed his own amusement park.
In ways Disneyland was a private vision of nostalgia and longings, with Walt populating the park with tangible visions of his own life. There was, of course, a railroad and a main street that reminded Walt of his childhood in Missouri. Toward the back of the park, Walt built his own river—a muddy one, just like the Mississippi. On it, he placed a full-sized stern-wheel paddleboat, which proved to be one of the park's most popular attractions. The following year, Walt solidified the Missouri theme by adding the world of Tom Sawyer to the river island, a world complete with the character of Huck Finn lazing around the fishing docks.
In ways, the story here reaches a conclusion—with Walt's desires fulfilled in a world of his own making. The Mark Twain Steamship, no doubt, took the place of the boat he wanted to find when he was young. Yet, in a fuller sense, the story was only beginning, as the Mark Twain was not the only paddle wheeler Walt wanted to build. In the early 1960s, he drew up plans to create an elaborate indoor amusement park in St. Louis, plans that initially included another steamboat—one that would churn its way down the real Mississippi.
But to get to that story, I first need to lay out a few other things that happened in the years after Disneyland first opened.
(((((((((((((((((((( )))))))))))))))))))))
Click here for Part 2 – which includes…Walt's plan to create a series of Circlevision theaters, the New York Disneyland that never was, and how a traveling exhibition on animation and classical art helped convinced Walt to build a second Disneyland far from California. Post up your comments below. – TJP
Not to be confused with Raygun , a type of gun common in science fiction. For other uses, see Space gun (disambiguation)
A space gun, sometimes called a Verne gun because of its appearance in From the Earth to the Moon by Jules Verne, is a method of launching an object into space using a large gun- or cannonlike structure. Space guns could thus potentially provide a method of non-rocket spacelaunch. It has been conjectured that space guns could place satellites into Earth's orbit (although after-launch propulsion of the satellite would be necessary to achieve a stable orbit), and could also launch spacecraft beyond Earth's gravitational pull and into other parts of the Solar System by exceeding Earth's escape velocity of about 11.2 km/s or 40,320 km/h (25,050 mph). However, these speeds are too far into the hypersonic range for most practical propulsion systems and also would cause most objects to burn up due to aerodynamic heating or be torn apart by aerodynamic drag. Therefore, a more likely future use of space guns would be to launch objects into near Earth orbit, from where attached rockets could be fired or the objects could be "collected" by maneuverable orbiting satellites.[citation needed]
In Project HARP, a 1960s joint United States and Canada defence project, a U.S. Navy 16 in (410 mm) 100 caliber gun was used to fire a 180 kg (400 lb) projectile at 3600 m/s or 12,960 km/h (8,050 mph), reaching an apogee of 180 km (110 mi), hence performing a suborbital spaceflight. However, a space gun has never been successfully used to launch an object into orbit or out of Earth's gravitational pull.
Technical issues [ edit ]
The large g-force likely to be experienced by a ballistic projectile launched in this manner would mean that a space gun would be incapable of safely launching humans or delicate instruments, rather being restricted to freight, fuel or ruggedized satellites.
Getting to orbit [ edit ]
A space gun by itself is not capable of placing objects into stable orbit around the object (planet or otherwise) from which it launches them. The orbit is a parabolic orbit, a hyperbolic orbit, or part of an elliptic orbit which ends at the planet's surface at the point of launch or another point. This means that an uncorrected ballistic payload will always strike the planet within its first orbit unless the velocity was so high as to reach or exceed escape velocity.[citation needed]. As a result, all payloads intended to reach a closed orbit need at least to perform some sort of course correction to create another orbit that does not intersect the planet's surface.
A rocket can be used for additional boost, as planned in both Project HARP and the Quicklaunch project. The magnitude of such correction may be small; for instance, the StarTram Generation 1 reference design involves a total of 0.6 km/s of rocket burn to raise perigee well above the atmosphere when entering an 8 km/s low Earth orbit.[1]
In a three-body or larger system, a gravity assist trajectory might be available such that a carefully aimed escape velocity projectile would have its trajectory modified by the gravitational fields of other bodies in the system such that the projectile would eventually return to orbit the initial planet using only the launch delta-v.[2][3]
Isaac Newton avoided this objection in his thought experiment by positing an impossibly tall mountain from which his cannon was fired. If in a stable orbit, the projectile would circle the planet and return to the altitude of launch after one orbit (see Newton's cannonball).[4]
Acceleration [ edit ]
A space gun with a "gun barrel" of length ( l {\displaystyle l} ), and the needed velocity ( v e {\displaystyle v_{e}} ), the acceleration ( a {\displaystyle a} ) is provided by the following formula:[citation needed]
a = v e 2 2 l {\displaystyle a={\frac {v_{e}^{2}}{2l}}}
For instance, with a space gun with a vertical "gun barrel" through both the Earth's crust and the troposphere, totalling ~60 km of length ( l {\displaystyle l} ), and a velocity ( v e {\displaystyle v_{e}} ) enough to escape the Earth's gravity (escape velocity, which is 11.2 km/s on Earth), the acceleration ( a {\displaystyle a} ) would theoretically be more than 1000 m/s2, which is more than 100 g-forces, which is about 3 times the human tolerance to g-forces of maximum 20 to 35 g[5] during the ~10 seconds such a firing would take. Theoretically, a space gun with a circular (ring shaped) track could utilize much lower accelerations because its effective track length is infinite (with the object going around the ring numerous times), though the centripetal acceleration could be enormous as the payload neared escape velocity, depending on the track size.[citation needed]
Practical attempts [ edit ]
The German V-3 cannon program (less well known than the V-2 rocket or V-1 flying bomb), during the Second World War was an attempt to build something approaching a space gun. Based in the Pas-de-Calais area of France it was planned to be more devastating than the other Nazi 'Vengeance weapons'. The cannon was capable of launching 140 kg, 15 cm diameter shells over a distance of 88 km. It was destroyed by RAF bombing using Tallboy blockbuster bombs in July 1944.[6] The V-3 cannon used staged propulsion, which gave it a far greater range.[7]
Project Babylon [ edit ]
The most prominent recent attempt to make a space gun was artillery engineer Gerald Bull's Project Babylon, which was also known as the 'Iraqi supergun' by the media. During Project Babylon, Bull used his experience from Project HARP to build a massive cannon for Saddam Hussein, leader of Ba'athist Iraq. Bull was assassinated before the project was completed.[8]
Super High Altitude Research Project [ edit ]
Since Bull's death, few have seriously attempted to build a space gun. Perhaps most promisingly, the US Ballistic Missile Defense program sponsored the Super High Altitude Research Project (SHARP) in the 1980s. Developed at Lawrence Livermore Laboratory, it is a light-gas gun and has been used to test fire objects at Mach 9.
Green Launch [ edit ]
After cancellation of SHARP, lead developer John Hunter founded the Jules Verne Launcher Company in 1996 and the, currently inactive, Quicklaunch company. As of January 2017, Hunter's Green Launch is striving to surpass the ballistic altitude world record set by HARP in 1966.
Ram accelerators have also been proposed as an alternative to light-gas guns. Other proposals use electromagnetic techniques for accelerating the payload, such as coilguns and railguns.[citation needed]
In fiction [ edit ]
From the Earth to the Moon The firing of a space gun in Jules Verne's
The first publication of the concept may be Newton's cannonball in the 1728 book A Treatise of the System of the World, although it was primarily used as a thought experiment regarding gravity.[9]
Perhaps the most famous representation of a space gun is in Jules Verne's novels From the Earth to the Moon and Around the Moon (loosely interpreted into the early film Le Voyage dans la Lune), in which astronauts fly to the moon aboard a ship launched from a cannon. Another famous example is the hydrogen accelerator cannon used by the Martians to launch their invasion in H. G. Wells' book The War of the Worlds. Wells also used the concept in the climax of the 1936 movie Things to Come. The device was featured in films as late as 1967, such as Jules Verne's Rocket to the Moon.
In the video game Ultima: Worlds of Adventure 2: Martian Dreams, Percival Lowell builds a space gun to send a spacecraft to Mars.
The video game Steel Empire, a shoot 'em up with steampunk aesthetics, features a space gun in its seventh level that is used by the main villain General Styron to launch himself to the Moon.
In Hannu Rajaniemi's 2012 novel The Fractal Prince, a space gun at the "Jannah-of-the-cannon", powered by a 150-kiloton nuclear bomb, is used to launch a spaceship from Earth.
The 2015 video game "SOMA", features a space gun used to launch satellites.
Gerald Bull's assassination and the Project Babylon gun were also the starting point for Frederick Forsyth's 1994 novel The Fist of God. In Larry Bond's 2001 novella and 2015 novel Lash-Up, China uses a space gun to destroy American GPS satellites.
In Paper Mario: The Thousand-Year Door, a village of Bob-ombs operates a space gun to send Paper Mario and company to the X-Naut's base on the moon.
See also [ edit ]
Coolest Mind-Wipe I have ever seen
By fannar bergsson on December 25, 2018 Byon December 25, 2018 This is my first Transformer that I order online and I am very impressed by this figure. Everything is in great detail, the paint scheme is awesome, both robot mode and bat mode look incredible. Did I mention just how cool he looks in robot mode? Well he really does, put him in a combat stance sporting dual shotguns and the ability to customize the wing shape to close combat function and you´ve got yourself a mean machine brawler Decepticon. Transformation is rather easy and very intuitive, you can even put his head figure inside a cockpit on the bat´s back! Perfect third party Transformer, 5/5!
10/10 would Mind-wipe again
By Head-Biter on October 22, 2016 Byon October 22, 2016 I bought this for fifty dollars but would've paid full price if I'd seen one up close. The plastic is top notch the joints feel great and the transformation was a breeze. Only complaint is the visor is stuck in the up position and I'm afraid to push on it too hard but no big deal.
A personal favorite
By Ravenousnightwind on October 07, 2016 Byon October 07, 2016 It is getting to the point where I prefer third party products. The amount of detail on this figure is absolutely amazing! The wings fold up and even pose in a spectacular display that I never would of imagined! In bat mode his wings fold up entirely and makes it look like an actual bat crawling around!
The robot mode is sophisticated and has a very nice pose-ability once you figure out how to adjust the wings correctly. A lot of people pose this figure with the wings behind, but I like to display with the wings out and curved a bit. It just looks amazing. This figure has re-sparked my enjoyment for transformers and my desire for collecting them! My favorite parts are the wings and the bat head, plus the ingenuity for the legs.The sheer amount of work that goes into figures like this is in a word..awesome.
Clever name & great figure for not-Mindwipe!
By NebulusPrime on July 24, 2016 Byon July 24, 2016 He is one of the few Headmaster figures where you can actually transform him without taking off the head: Turn the headmaster head 180 degrees & fold the body into the back, then close the cover over it to complete transformation.
He's worth getting because of solid plastic, tight joints and a simple transformation! Not to mention, he looks great in both modes! Not sure why a vampire has 2 shot guns instead of swords or knives, but they both look great, too.
Glad I picked him up!
Wow!
By Detective Barricade on June 25, 2016 Byon June 25, 2016 FansProject did a great job with this guy. Its wingspan is huge, and has many joints to adjust to one's liking. The "headmaster" compartment is a freaking coffin in the back. The robot is suitably cool and creepy, whether or not the included shotguns are held.
However, I do wish the wings could fold up better, as they take up a lot of room. I also wish the bat head tabbed in somehow in both modes. Still, a worthy addition to one's collection.
close but no cigar
By sherm180 on June 12, 2016 Byon June 12, 2016 This guy is nearly a perfect display piece in bot mode. I got the soul eater scythe for him which still shows really well dispite the slight color difference.
My complaint is with the alt mode and its lack of inginuity. The bat claws should be on the wings not the shoulders and the double tail is obnoxious. Obviously this was not a dealbreaker but it does limit the display to pretty much bot mode only.
one small promble
By Eddie on January 13, 2016 Byon January 13, 2016 i love sigma he is an awesome new look of g1 mindwipe, but the with mine the visor snapped on the head-unit right as i took him out of the box, i was a little upset bout it but i still love him and he is a must-have.
Fantastic figure!
By Ahryk on December 08, 2015 Byon December 08, 2015 I just got this figure in and I love it! Transformation isn't overly complicated, posability is really solid, It just feels really solid. I would definitely recommend this figure.
Can't Get Enough!
By MindWipe76 on October 27, 2015 Byon October 27, 2015 I just got this figure and words aren't enough. All I can say is Fansproject has out done themselves on their version of MindWipe. The colors and features are second to none and the transformation is somewhat simple, but that doesn't bother me or degrade the figure in anyway. Yes the wings are fixed to his shoulders and can get in the way of some poses, but I think this adds character to this already awesome figure! Highly Recommended and looks great with Dr. Wu Soul Eater Scythe!
better then i thought
By wolftech83 on October 06, 2015 Byon October 06, 2015 I got to like this figure more than I thought I would.the details are excellent. The only issue I had was the head that's a robot too one of the arms was lost out of package. It seems to me maybe a manufacturing issue with mine.
Dude...I like it...I really like it
By Nathan Whitecomb on December 13, 2014 Byon December 13, 2014 I was sooo happy with this guy his size and features. He is like the count dracula of transformers. The way they made him was awesome
Fantastic as a shelf piece, lousy as a toy
By Alex Reynard on November 10, 2014 Byon November 10, 2014 If you're buying Sigma L for his looks and durability, you will likely have no complaints. His robot mode is an amazing vampiric badass, and the plastic feels solid enough you could chuck him down the stairs without worry.
But what I've liked most about the other FP headmasters has been their amazingly inventive transformations, and this is where Sigma L was a major disappointment to me. I was so hoping he was a little more complex than how he looked from the photos, but no. Instead of the brilliant shapeshifting of Code or Smart Robin, Sigma basically folds up into a rectangle with awkwardly-proportioned bat parts stuck on. The laziness is exemplified by the fact that his robot arms aren't even hidden in bat mode, and the feet could have easily rotated inward to become a tail, but no, instead they just hang off his butt as kibble. The coffin-cockpit is easily the most creative part of the toy, but even that's marred by the toy's overall stiff tabs and joints, making transformation and posing just feel unpleasant.
For the others in this line, great attention was paid to both modes. With Sigma, he is basically a truly gorgeous action figure that happens to have a transformation. In contrast to some figures I own where I keep noticing little touches where the designer went above and beyond, Sigma feels like a first draft. As if every step of making him was solved with the first, most obvious idea that popped into the designer's head. Maybe my expectations were too high, but maybe the creativity of the previous three raised them to that point.
Another great Function-X figure
By Einhazard on October 19, 2014 Byon October 19, 2014 FP continues to make awesome figures with Sigma-L. The Function-X line consists of great figure after great figure, and Sigma-L is no exception. While he's not quite up the level of awesome engineering that FP demonstrated in Smartrobin, he's still a fanastic figure. Coloring and posability are top notch, though his weapons don't integrate as well into his alt mode as the other Function-X figures. Still, that's a minore quibble, and Sigma-L is definitely worth your time and money.
Masterpiece
By 9527 on October 17, 2014 Byon October 17, 2014 Appearance: 5.0
Articulation: 4.5
Transform Complexity: 5.0
Material/Chrome: 5.0
Mold Precision: 4.5
Overall Rank as a collection: 5.0
Fantastic action figure.
Better than WB000 WB001 WB002
Better than CA03 CA04 CA05
FPJ is making progress.
340 SHARES
Ride-hailing services like Uber have grown rapidly and signed up thousands of drivers. These new businesses make it possible for individuals to work flexible schedules and to enter the transportation business without a big initial investment.
If you're one of those thinking about driving for a ride-hailing company, auto insurance is one of the most important issues to understand, since you will want to make sure that you – and your passengers – are protected in case of an accident.
That's a complicated topic because of these factors:
Vehicles are used for both personal and business use.
Companies do not consider the drivers to be their employees.
Vehicles are owned by the drivers, not the companies.
This leaves drivers in a gray area between personal car insurance policies that exclude coverage for business use of a vehicle, on the one hand, and (much more expensive) commercial insurance policies that assume the vehicle is used exclusively for business purposes on the other.
An additional complicating factor has been the ride-hailing companies' initial reluctance to take responsibility for insurance liability. That said, the companies now do provide a certain level of insurance to their drivers, and insurance companies are creating insurance products to specifically serve this market.
We'll address the current state of ride-hailing insurance and provide a few tips for staying safe:
Insurance Provided By Ride Hailing Companies
People who drive for Lyft, Sidecar and UberX use their own private vehicles, and when they are using their vehicles for personal use, the ride-hailing companies will take no responsibility for things that go wrong. So any accidents will be covered by the driver's own policy if the car is being used for personal driving.
Once the driver turns on the smartphone app that's used to communicate with riders, some level of insurance kicks in, but that coverage depends on what stage you are in the process of offering rides to customers. The table below details how insurance works with each of the major companies at each of the stages of the ride-hailing process.
Lyft Sidecar UberX Not Logged In:
Personal Driving No insurance provided. Driver only covered by personal insurance policy. Logged In & Waiting For Ride Request Contingent liability coverage with 50/100/25 limits provides secondary coverage that pays only for losses not covered by driver's personal policy Collision insurance with $50,000 limit and $500 deductible provides secondary coverage that pays only for losses not covered by driver's personal policy
In California: Liability coverage with 50/100/30 limits
In Washington state: Liability coverage with 100/300/25 limits; Uninsured/underinsured motorist bodily injury coverage with 100/300 limits
In Chicago: Liability coverage with 25/50/20 limits; Uninsured/underinsured motorist bodily injury coverage with 25/50 limits Contingent liability coverage with 50/100/25 limits provides secondary coverage that pays only for losses not covered by driver's personal policy En Route To Pick Up Passengers
or
Driving Passengers Commercial liability insurance with $1 million limit
Uninsured/underinsured bodily injury with $1 million limit
Contingent comprehensive and collision coverage with $50,000 limit and $2,500 deductible (only for driver's with personal comprehensive and collision coverage) Commercial liability insurance with $1 million limit
Collision insurance with $50,000 limit and $500 deductible provides secondary coverage that pays only for losses not covered by driver's personal policy
In Washington state: Uninsured/underinsured motorist bodily injury coverage with 100/300 limits
In Chicago: Uninsured/underinsured motorist bodily injury coverage with 25/50 limits Commercial liability insurance with $1 million limit
Uninsured/underinsured bodily injury with $1 million limit
Contingent comprehensive and collision coverage with $1,000 deductible (only for driver's with personal comprehensive and collision coverage)
Minimum level of personal injury protection coverage where required by law. More Information For Drivers Terms of service
Summary of insurance Terms of services
Summary of insurance Terms and conditions
Summary of insurance
Source: Lyft, Sidecar and Uber websites as of June 2015
Note that Uber offers several other services including UberBlack and UberTaxi that work differently from the more popular UberX vehicles. Drivers for these services have commercial driver's licenses and carry their own commercial insurance policies, which fully cover themselves and their passengers, and fulfill the livery insurance requirements of their state.
The Insurance Coverage You Should Buy
In order to drive for any ride-hailing company, you must purchase a car insurance policy. But what is the right kind of policy? There are three options:
Personal car insurance. The ride hailing companies insist that, given their supplementary coverage, a personal car insurance policy provides a sufficient level of coverage. Most car insurance companies – and some state and local regulators – disagree. Personal car insurance typically excludes coverage for any business use of your vehicle, and you risk having your insurance dropped or a claim denied if the insurer finds out you're hiring out your car. Unfortunately the ride-hailing companies don't provide any guidance on what types and levels of coverage to buy, other than to meet the state minimums. But make no mistake, if you drive for one of these companies you are taking on additional risk, both when driving for personal reasons and when logged in to the app and waiting for a fare.
Commercial car insurance. Traditionally, taxis and other vehicles being driven for business purposes have been covered by commercial insurance policies, and as rules and regulations for these new services get hashed out, some states and cities have ruled that ride-hailing drivers must purchase commercial insurance. So one way to play it safe is to purchase a commercial policy instead of a personal one. But this is impractical for most drivers, since it would mean first getting a commercial driver's license, and, according to the National Association of Insurance Commissioners, these policies tend to cost between $5,000 and $7,000 per year.
New policies tailored for ride-hailing drivers. Many insurance companies are carefully testing the waters with policies designed specifically for ride-hailing drivers. If you live in one of the 12 states in the table below, this type of insurance is available from at least one insurer.
State Insurer Companies Served Arkansas Farmers All California Metromile Uber Colorado Farmers All USAA All MetLife Lyft Georgia GEICO All Illinois Erie All Metromile Uber Indiana Erie All Maryland GEICO All Pennsylvania Progressive Lyft Texas USAA All GEICO All Utah Farmers All Virginia GEICO All Washington Metromile Uber
Tips For Staying Safe And Providing A Secure Ride
Budget for insurance costs. As you calculate what you think you'll earn as a ride-hailing driver after expenses, make sure to factor in realistic costs for the insurance you must purchase.
Look out for number one. Ride-hailing companies consider their drivers to be independent contractors. This is a clear signal that you need to understand your own risks and to take steps to protect yourself and your finances.
Stay on top of the news. This is a rapidly changing market. Companies have improved their coverage to address the concerns of regulators. State laws are changing. And today's trial offerings from insurance companies may become mainstream products in the near future.
Read the fine print. If you have concerns about the insurance provided by the ride-hailing company you're planning to join, read the terms and conditions carefully and contact the company with any questions you have.
Get the most insurance you can afford. If you're responsible for an accident that costs more than your insurance will cover, you're still financially responsible for the full loss. If you don't have enough insurance, you could be putting your home and your savings at risk.
Seek advice from others. Local independent insurance agents the community of local drivers may know about affordable insurance options you should consider.
Ask the Experts
What are the obstacles to insurance companies offering insurance for ride-hailing drivers in more states? How likely is it that a car insurance company will drop personal car insurance policy because the customer is driving for Uber or a similar service? Can a car insurance company really deny a claim because the driver sometimes uses the car to drive for a ride-hailing service?
Image: Maridav / Shutterstock
Was this article helpful? Yes No Awesome! Thanks for your feedback. Thank you for your feedback. Sorry! Failed to send the feedback. Please try again later. Submit
Disclaimer: Editorial and user-generated content is not provided or commissioned by financial institutions. Opinions expressed here are the author's alone and have not been approved or otherwise endorsed by any financial institution, including those that are WalletHub advertising partners. Our content is intended for informational purposes only, and we encourage everyone to respect our content guidelines. Please keep in mind that it is not a financial institution's responsibility to ensure all posts and questions are answered. Ad Disclosure: Certain offers that appear on this site originate from paying advertisers, and this will be noted on an offer's details page using the designation "Sponsored", where applicable. Advertising may impact how and where products appear on this site (including, for example, the order in which they appear). At WalletHub we try to present a wide array of offers, but our offers do not represent all financial services companies or products.
Senate Republicans and the Chamber of Commerce are urging House Republicans to back off their threats of a government shutdown or debt default if President Barack Obama doesn't agree to defund or delay Obamacare.
The calls intensified on Wednesday after House GOP leaders said they would move forward with a continuing resolution that defunds Obamacare at the potential risk of a government shutdown at the end of the month if Democrats refuse to blink. The White House has threatened to veto a bill that defunds Obamacare and Senate Democratic leaders say it's a nonstarter.
“I don't think shutting down the government is going to be productive,” Sen. Kelly Ayotte (R-NH) said Wednesday during an appearance on CNN. “I think we should make every effort we can to make sure we stop this law but I don't believe they should shut down the government to do so. And I don't think that is a strategy that is good for America.”The Chamber of Commerce wrote a open letter to the House, in reference to the GOP's stopgap funding bill, urging lawmakers not to risk a shutdown — or worse, a default on the national debt when the government reaches its borrowing limit in mid-October — warning of the economic harm that could result.
“It is not in the best interest of the U.S. business community or the American people to risk even a brief government shutdown that might trigger disruptive consequences or raise new policy uncertainties washing over the U.S. economy,” wrote R. Bruce Josten, a top lobbyist at the Chamber. “Likewise, the U.S. Chamber respectfully urges the House of Representatives to raise the debt ceiling in a timely manner and thus eliminate any question of threat to the full faith and credit of the United States government.”
House Republican leaders didn't want a confrontation over Obamacare but were coerced into it by conservative lawmakers who refused to support their original stopgap measure to lock in low spending levels without the threat of a shutdown. Other Senate Republicans expressed similar concerns about risking a shutdown.
“I just think we know how this movie ends,” Sen. Lindsey Graham (R-SC) told TPM on Tuesday afternoon. “I don't see us being able, in the Senate, to successfully carry the day. There are only 45 of us here. I don't see the president, at the end of the day, agreeing to defund Obamacare. I just don't see him agreeing to defund his signature issue. They had a campaign on it. I don't think he's going to say, ‘well, now, everything I said all those years — forget it, I'm willing to let it go.' I just don't see that being a good tactical choice.”
Sen. Susan Collins (R-ME) also called on Republicans to come up with a plan for “repealing or defunding Obamacare that did not involve a potential shutdown of government. That's not going to be well-received by the American people, were it to occur.”
House leaders are aiming to pass the stopgap continuing resolution legislation by the end of this week. Senate Democrats are likely to strip out the provision defunding Obamacare. After that, it's anybody's guess how the debate will play out. If a deal can't be reached, the lights will go out on Sept. 30 at midnight.
The explorer put the drop down to its switch away from natural gas with output expected to drop 5% in 2013, while higher-priced oil and liquids are expected to grow 2%.
Last year, ExxonMobil's oil and gas production fell 6% to average 4.2 million barrels of oil equivalent (boe) per day.
The company revealed the forecasted drop in a presentation in New York ahead of an annual meeting with investment analysts, Reuters reported.
Speaking to analysts at the briefing, chief executive Rex Tillerson said ExxonMobil plans to add 1 million boe from large-scale project start-ups over the next five years
He said that the US supermajor anticipated starting production at 28 major projects between 2013 and 2017.
Key start-ups for the Irving, Texas-headquartered outfit include an expansion of the Kearl oil sands project in Alberta and the company's LNG export project in Papua New Guinea, PNG LNG.
Tillerson also said ExxonMobil was planning to double its exploration acreage in a range of proven plays and emerging locations such as Russia that would feed its inventory in the coming years.
“We are developing a diverse portfolio of high-quality opportunities across all resource types and geographies,” he said.
ExxonMobil forecasts it will raise production of crude oil and other liquids by an average of 4% a year between 2013 and 2017 on the back of an investment of about $190 billion over the period.
Al Mukalla: Fighters battling Al Houthis in the war-wrecked port city of Aden say they will not comply with any ceasefire until Al Houthi militiamen withdraw from their city.
“Al Houthis should pull out their snipers from buildings and completely and leave the city before talking about a truce,” Ali Al Ahmadi, a spokesperson for the Popular Resistance, a group of allied factions that oppose the Al Houthis militarily in Aden, told Gulf News on Sunday.
In February, President Abd Rabbou Masnour Hadi fled to Aden from the capital where Al Houthis had him under house arrest. He then declared Aden the country's new capital.
Al Houthis decided to pursue him in his new base thus bringing the wrath of Al Houthis onto the city and its residents.
On Sunday, Al Houthis agreed to a ceasefire proposed by the Saudis that could halt Saudi-led air strikes on Al Houthi positions and unblock humanitarian aid to Yemen.
But Al Houthis rivals in Aden say that the rebels are buying time to control more land in the city.
Aden fighters say they are in desperate need of firepower rather than trained military manpower. Riyadh has been training hundreds of Yemenis, originally from the south, and will dispatch them soon to Aden to fight on the battlefield.
“We do not need men, we need heavy weapons. Our men are retreating from battlefields because they quickly run out of ammunition,” the official said on the condition of anonymity.
The official said that the fighters in Aden received pledges from Hadi government in the Saudi capital that the Saudis are recruiting hundreds of people, mainly expatriates, and will deploy them in the south as soon as they finish their training.” They did not give a deadline for sending these forces to Aden,”
Riyadh has been airdropping arms into many districts of Aden, but the fighters say they weapons are not enough to offset Al Houthis' firepower.
Similarly, fighting continues to rage between the Al Houthis and the Popular Resistance in many regions in the south. Local media reports say that dozens of Al Houthis were killed in ambushes in Dhale, Lahji, Shabwa and Abyan on the weekend.
In Lawder city, Abyan province, brigadier Ali Al Saadi, a prominent separatist figure, echoed the same complaints about lack of weapons.
“Despite the fact that they vastly outnumber us, we can defeat them if we got smart weapons.” Al Saadi told Gulf News from the battlefield in Lawder.
In Aden, Lakhder Laswer, a senior health official in Aden, told Gulf News on Monday morning that 19 civilians, including a woman, were killed and 93 injured on Sunday, putting that death toll at 501 since March 25.
Female cop is SUSPENDED after she was caught on tape giving two women violating body cavity search in front of passing cars
Trooper Kelley Helleson has been suspended with pay after the search
Angel Dobbs, 38, and niece Ashley Dobbs, 24, were pulled over on State Highway 161 near Irving, Texas
Male trooper searched car for marijuana before requesting invasive cavity probe
Older woman claims search irritated an anal cyst she was suffering causing 'severe pain and discomfort'
Also suing the Texas Department of Public Safety for failing to act on previous complaints about 'violating' searches
A Texas state trooper who was caught on tape aggressively probing the private parts of two women in a roadside 'body cavity search' has been suspended.
Kelley Helleson has been temporarily let go though is still being paid after Angel Dobbs, 38, and her niece Ashley Dobbs, 24, filed a lawsuit against her, another trooper and the state Department of Public Safety.
The women, from Irving, Texas, claim they were violated when Helleson subjected them to a humiliating and invasive body search that was caught on video.
SCROLL DOWN FOR VIDEO
Invasive: Female trooper Kelley Helleson, left, aggressively searched Ashley Dobbs, 24
The 'unconstitutional' search took place on July 13 in front of passing cars on State Highway 161, near Irving. Ashley and Angel Dobbs claim the trooper used the same blue latex gloves while searching both of them.
The women were initially stopped by Helleson's colleague David Farrell after he saw one of them throw a cigarette butt out the window.
Farrell can be heard in the disturbing video questioning the pair about marijuana after supposedly smelling the drug in the women's vehicle, though he failed to find any evidence of it in the car.
Despite that, he requested the women be searched because they were 'acting weird.'
Pulled over: The women were initially stopped by Helleson's colleague David Farrell on State Highway 161 near Irving, Texas
Violating: Helleson, pictured left, also rubbed the women's breasts
The lawsuit states he then tried to 'morph this situation into a DWI investigation,' according to the Dallas Morning News .
Angel Dobbs passed a roadside sobriety test and the women were given warnings for littering.
'This has been an eye-opening experience for me,' Angel Dobbs said on the video. ' I've never been pulled over, never searched like this. I was totally violated over there a few minutes ago... this is so embarrassing to me.'
Angel Dobbs said in the lawsuit that Helleson irritated an anal cyst she suffers from during the search, causing her 'severe and continuing pain and discomfort.'
The suit reads: 'Angel Dobbs was overwhelmed with emotion and a feeling of helplessness and reacted stating that Helleson had just violated her in a most horrific manner.'
Lawsuit: The women are also suing the director of the Texas Department of Public Safety for ignoring prior complaints about searches
Humiliating: Angel Dobbs, 38, pictured right, claims she will never forget the humiliating, invasive experience
'Unconstitutional': The search is being deemed unconstitutional in the lawsuit
The two women are also suing the director of the Texas Department of Public Safety, Steven McCraw, who they claim ignored previous complaints about 'unlawful strip searches, cavity searches and the like.'
The Dobbs' lawyer, Scott H. Palmer, said the shocking incident, which was filmed on one of the trooper's dash-mounted cameras, was a roadside 'sexual assault.'
He said the Texas Rangers investigated his clients' complaints but failed to take any action against the troopers.
'You can see what's happening clearly,' he told the Dallas Morning News of the video. 'No one's ever seen the likes of this. We can't let them get away with it.'
The women said the 'molestation' has scarred them for life.
'I've never been so humiliated or so violated or felt so molested in my entire life,' Angel Dobbs told NBCDFW.com .
Her niece added: 'I don't think anybody needs to have to feel, or go through what we went through. It crosses my mind every day. It's humiliating.'
Liberal Democrats know what they're for: a second stimulus to create more investment and jobs at a time when the economy is still dangerously weak. Republicans ("conservative Republicans" is redundant) know what they're against: anything the Democrats are for. That leaves the centrist Blue Dog Democrats, who don't really know what they're for or what they're against.
Earlier this year the Blue Dogs, and many other Democrats, were saying they would welcome an end to the debate over health-care reform so they could turn their attention to jobs, jobs, jobs. But now that President Obama and Democratic legislative leaders have done that, the Blue Dogs have largely turned skittish.
Efforts by the leaders in both houses to pass bills that would save the jobs of teachers and police officers, maintain states' ability to make Medicaid payments and extend unemployment insurance have hit not only the expected bumps in the road (unified Republican opposition) but also fresh potholes: Blue Dog resistance to countercyclical spending. The House passed a second stimulus in December, and in theory this is what the Senate is belaboring. Although its version is far punier than the House's, the Senate stimulus bill, which had already been pared by such Scroogish expedients as cutting weekly unemployment benefits by $25 -- thank centrist Montana Democrat Jon Tester -- last week came a few votes short of the 60 to needed to cut off a potential filibuster. And recent efforts by House Appropriations Committee Chairman David Obey to come up with funds to keep the states from devastating the ranks of teachers have had rough going at the hands of the Blue Dogs, not to mention the Republicans.
The downside of not passing any further stimulus legislation is clear: "Nothing will come of nothing," as Lear told Cordelia. In today's economy, alas, the government remains the only source of significant investment. According to the congressional panel overseeing the Troubled Asset Relief Program, banks are still not lending to small businesses. Beyond the realm of mom-and-pops, nonfinancial companies are hoarding cash -- a record-high $1.84 trillion, according to a Federal Reserve report this month -- but with unemployment still high and purchasing still low, they are not using it to expand.
The administration is rightly touting the large number of infrastructure projects funded by last year's stimulus that are finally underway this summer. But these projects have a finite time span, and absent a second stimulus, an infrastructure-led recovery is likely to run out of steam. Home construction is falling again. The possibility of a double-dip recession cannot be discounted.
Until recently, virtually every Democratic member of Congress could be counted on to support some level of countercyclical spending. That was one of the basic ways Democrats distinguished themselves from the laissez-faire right. But today, the Blue Dogs insist on offsetting stimulus with cuts, which can create a self-negating position. Suppose you vote for a stimulus that enables the states to save teachers' jobs, while offsetting that expenditure at the federal level by reducing spending on, and jobs in, building rail lines. In aggregate economic terms, you may well have zeroed out the net effect of your action. It's hard to believe that anyone ran for office to craft such exquisitely balanced nullities.
The problem here is that the Blue Dogs, like much of the public, conflate the issues of the nation's long-term fiscal sustainability with the short-term deficits created by the worst downturn since the '30s. Thus the Democratic imperative of creating jobs in 2009 became, earlier this year, one of creating jobs and reducing the deficit, and now, for some Blue Dogs, has become chiefly one of reducing the deficit. In polls, meanwhile, the public rates "jobs" as its chief concern, with the deficit lagging far behind. But because this recession is deeper and longer than any since the '30s; because the job-creating component of the first stimulus, while considerable, was clearly too small; and because the administration did not concentrate those jobs in visible agencies, as Franklin Roosevelt did in the Works Progress Administration, only a minority of Americans credit the stimulus with saving or creating jobs. For millions of Americans, concern over the deficit is at least partly a concern over the government's broader inability, as yet, to "fix" the economy. Reducing the deficit now, however, will make the economy worse.
Yet the Blue Dogs' short-term deficit hawkery is more than bad economics. It's bad politics, too. Even pragmatic centrists -- especially pragmatic centrists -- have to be in favor of something. The Blue Dogs don't seem to know what exactly that might be.
meyersonh@washpost.com
Last time I uploaded my resume to Monster.com and ran their "Career Advice" application it told me to start drinking and pray for The Rapture to come early.
It's true that as a freelance journalist you work hard and wear a lot of hats just to pay the bills. A lot of my job consists of looking for jobs. Thanks to the internet, this process has become easier and easier. Employers used to check credentials, now I just create a resume of barely verifiable jobs from long dead websites and send it en masse to anyone with an email address.
One job I got this way was writing a column for a small Australian gaming website-let's call it Boxingkangaroos.net. I've changed the address mostly because I don't want this story to get back to them, but also because I like the mental image of a boxing kangaroo. I think I saw it in a documentary, or maybe Looney Toons.
I guess if I had bothered to read the job description I probably wouldn't have bothered applying. They were looking for "A gurrl-gamer to round out their editorial staff." But since I rarely read past the job title I didn't know that until the editor-in-chief hired me a week later.
Marion,
Ted here. It's great to have a real female on the editorial team. I've read some of your writing and think that your unique perspective as a girl who also games is a real ASSet to the team. P.S. We're really interested in getting some headshots of you for your column, any chance you have some lying around?
I sure as hell didn't have any pictures of myself as a young woman. I didn't like the deceit, but money is money, and if they liked my writing, it shouldn't matter that my name is somewhat misleading, right? Well, I decided that I'd better find a way to become an 18 year old female gamer.
The question then was "where do you go when you want to become a hot teenage girl?" The answer, of course, was The Internet. For a small fee, a guy in Turkey would cut the head off any celebrity and fuse it to the naked body of a porn star. While I admired his site filled with a collection of famous lesbians "batting for the other team" he suggested a sort of composite photo. A set of eyes from Reese Witherspoon, Penelope Cruz' nose and a healthy dash of Jennifer Lopez (not that part). The whole affair was a bit macabre - I could imagine that the guy could have a healthy career in another life as either a plastic surgeon or Dr. Frankenstein.
The doctored photo was convincing enough to be worth the 13 dollars. And after Boxingkangaroo received my photo, they were thoroughly ready to give me some work. My first article was about what women really think about female character design in games? Ms. Cox pretty much felt the same way Mr. Cox did: "Who doesn't like boobs?"
The picture, and the article, went over well with my editor. He claimed it was one of the most "surprisingly lucid" things he's ever read by a woman writer. I wasn't sure if I felt insulted or not. What exactly was a surprise? Is lucid even a compliment?
But my second article didn't fare so well. Perhaps I'd gotten a little too into character when I followed up with an article called Girls Kick Ass...assins Creed 2. The article was about the roles of women in the game and how the women in Ezio's life merely amounted to a place to collect money from and drop off trash that was cluttering up your doublet.
Oakland loses Tribune, with paper folded into new East Bay Times
Copies of the San Jose Mercury News, Contra Costa Times, and Oakland Tribune for sale in San Francisco on March 1, 2016. The Bay Area News Group, which owns the papers, announced an organizational shakeup, reducing all its newspapers to two. fewer Copies of the San Jose Mercury News, Contra Costa Times, and Oakland Tribune for sale in San Francisco on March 1, 2016. The Bay Area News Group, which owns the papers, announced an organizational shakeup, ... more Photo: Greg Keraghosian Photo: Greg Keraghosian Image 1 of / 3 Caption Close Oakland loses Tribune, with paper folded into new East Bay Times 1 / 3 Back to Gallery
No longer will a daily newspaper bear the name of Oakland or San Jose due to a mass consolidation by Bay Area News Group, which on Tuesday also announced plans to cut roughly 20 percent of the company's newsroom staff.
Half a dozen Bay Area newspapers will be folded into two daily publications meant to serve the East Bay and South Bay.
The last daily edition of the 150-year-old Oakland Tribune will be published April 4.
On April 5, the East Bay will get its first look at the East Bay Times — a consolidation of the Contra Costa Times, the Oakland Tribune, the Daily Review in Hayward and the Argus, which serves Fremont. The company will also replace the contracostatimes.com and insidebayarea.com websites with a new East Bay focused site, eastbaytimes.com.
Every Friday, subscribers in Oakland, Hayward and Fremont will receive hyper-local news inserts bearing the mastheads of the Oakland Tribune, the Daily Review and the Argus, respectively.
In the South Bay and on the Peninsula, the San Mateo County Times will join the San Jose Mercury News to become the Mercury News, also debuting on April 5.
Bay Area News Group president and publisher Sharon Ryan pointed to a 2015 survey of readers as the impetus for the changes.
“We are committed to enhancing the quality of that journalism and creating an economic model that ensures a thriving BANG and a well-informed Bay Area community,” Ryan wrote in a memo to employees. “Readers have been quite clear with us about how much they like their newspapers and what they want more of, and we're changing to serve them better. We'll give them better focused front page stories that cover national and Bay Area news from each region's point of view.”
It's the company's latest effort to streamline operations and cut costs at a time when newspapers across the country are struggling for survival.
Roughly 20 percent of the newsgroup's 200 newsroom employees are expected to lose their jobs — some through voluntary buyouts, and others in layoffs.
A total of 23 buyouts will be offered to newsroom employees age 60 or older, who have been with their paper for at least 20 years. There are only 30 people company-wide who meet these conditions. Out of the 23 newsroom buyouts, only five will be offered to reporters, said Dan Smith, BANG's vice president of audience.
On top of that, 10 to 20 employees will be fired.
“I'm just so sad for journalism,” said a journalist at the Oakland Tribune, who asked that her name be withheld because she feared for her job. “They say people want more local news, yet we'll be giving them far less news. How does that make sense?”
Journalists at the Bay Area publications found out about the changes Tuesday morning in regional meetings. The brunt of the cuts, employees were told Tuesday, will be made to jobs related to production, meaning copy editors and designers.
“Management claims the readers asked for this,” said Carl Hall, the executive officer of the Pacific Media Workers Guild, the union that represents journalists at both the Bay Area News Group and The Chronicle. “I have a hard time believing too many people demanded a 20 percent or more reduction in editorial staff from their already devastated newsrooms.”
He criticized Bay Area News Group leaders for lacking foresight and a commitment to journalism, and said the loss of the Oakland Tribune, which has served the East Bay for 150 years, would be to the community's detriment.
“I'm not naive about the economics of this business, but it is long overdue to stop relying on cuts and start finding a business plan that actually works,” Hall said. “This is a deep, deep cut. These papers do not have any excess left in them. Everybody there is functioning at full tilt already, so here we go again, asking our newsrooms to do more with less.”
As of 2015, the Bay Area News Group had a circulation of 525,000 print copies on Sundays and just under 400,000 daily.
Bay Area News Group leaders on Tuesday emphasized a commitment to digital journalism and staying relevant amid media's changing landscape.
The newsgroup announced that it would also be adding jobs to the East Bay newsroom for subjects in which readers expressed the most interest: environment, transportation and local business coverage.
Digital First Media, a New York publishing company that is controlled by the hedge fund Alden Global Capital, owns the Bay Area News Group.
Digital First Media is the second-largest U.S. newspaper chain by circulation — about 67 million readers across 15 states, according to its website. Its papers include the Salt Lake Tribune, Los Angeles Daily News, St. Paul Pioneer Press, New Haven Register and Denver Post, among others.
Union leaders from several of Digital First's papers have joined efforts to push for “fair wages and job security” at their papers, where some workers have gone eight to 10 years without a raise.
Bay Area managers were scheduled to meet with union representatives Wednesday morning.
Marissa Lang is a San Francisco Chronicle staff writer. Email: mlang@sfchronicle.com Twitter: @Marissa_Jae
A major archaeological project in Turkey that involves about 200 researchers has been shut down early, an apparent victim of international politics. The Austrian Archaeological Institute (AAI) in Vienna was notified last week by the Turkish Ministry of Culture and Tourism that its project at the ancient city of Ephesus near Selçuk, Turkey, would have to end immediately.
“This is a major shock,” says Sabine Ladstätter, AAI director and head of the excavation. A smaller excavation that AAI runs at Limyra, Turkey, was also ordered to shut down. The future of the projects remains in question.
The decision was reportedly made by Turkey's Ministry of Foreign Affairs. No reason for the closure was given, but Austria's chancellor, Christian Kern, had antagonized the Turkish government in August by saying the country was not fit to join the European Union. In a sign of the deteriorating relations, Ankara recalled its ambassador from Vienna on 22 August. The revocation of AAI's two permits for fieldwork in Turkey appears to be the latest blow. “I regret this decision very much because it mixes politics and science, and is inconsistent with the partnership that we have fostered in Ephesus for many years,” Austrian science minister Reinhold Mitterlehner said in a statement to the media on Sunday. “With this step, the freedom of science is continuing to decline.”
Ephesus was founded by Greek colonists as a port on the Aegean Sea in the 1st century B.C.E., then expanded by the Romans. It is a United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization World Heritage Site, a popular tourist attraction, and the site of research for more than 140 years. In 1869, a U.K. architect discovered the ruins of the Temple of Artemis, one of the seven wonders of the ancient world. Researchers with AAI have worked at Ephesus since 1895, interrupted by two world wars but not much else.
Ladstätter has carried out research at Ephesus for 23 years herself, and has led the excavations there since 2007. She had returned to Vienna early last week to get her daughter ready for the new school year when she heard that a letter had arrived from the Turkish government demanding that work at Ephesus be halted. Ladstätter immediately flew back to Turkey, where she had to shut down the operation, involving 100 employees, in 3 days. The team rushed to finish its drawings and photography, she says, cleaned up three excavations, and put boxes of supplies into storage. “We really worked day and night.” Her team also organized flights home for researchers visiting from Greece, Germany, and the United Kingdom.
The archaeologists had already wrapped up this season's excavations—of a Byzantine residential quarter and a Greek marketplace—but had planned to work on restoration projects at the site for another 2 months, repairing structures and protecting them from winter storms. “We are concerned about the potential for damage,” Ladstätter says. She does not know whether AAI will be allowed to apply for a permit to resume work next year. She is particularly concerned about 29 doctoral dissertations underway at Ephesus, many of which will require fieldwork next year.
For the Metropolitan Manila Development Authority (MMDA), the first day of the dry run of the “no window hour” policy was a “relative success” since it reduced travel time on Edsa by three minutes.
“I think it is effective. We have reduced travel time [by] three minutes; we were only targeting five minutes,” MMDA General Manager Tim Orbos said on Thursday, referring to travel time from Roxas Boulevard to Monumento via Edsa.
ADVERTISEMENT
According to Orbos, travel time on major roads was reduced after they started implementing the new traffic scheme on Wednesday. Right now, however, the MMDA said it was faced with another problem: Congestion on secondary roads.
A total of 1,211 motorists have been apprehended for violating the no window hour policy since Wednesday.
Under the traffic scheme, vehicles covered by the number coding scheme on a certain day will no longer be allowed to travel on Edsa, C5, Alabang-Zapote Road and Roxas Boulevard between 10 a.m. and 3 p.m. They will only be allowed to pass through these roads before 7 a.m. and after 7 p.m.
Orbos said they would be meeting with Metro mayors on Monday to address the traffic buildup on secondary roads.
Starting Oct. 17, the no window policy will be strictly implemented with violators facing a P300 fine. It will be enforced until Jan. 31 next year in anticipation of heavier traffic flow during the holiday season.
Read Next
LATEST STORIES
MOST READ
United's main aim this season is to qualify for the Champions League
Others insist Marouane Fellaini fouled his marker before his goal
Some believe Ander Herrera's goal should not have stood
Here's your guide to working out just how much you hate Manchester United:
If you think Wayne Rooney should have stayed on his feet and let a reckless 6ft 4in, 17-stone goalkeeper shatter his ankle with his wild two-footed lunge then you really do hate Manchester United.
If you're re-writing the offside law claiming Ander Herrera's goal shouldn't have stood, you hate United.
Wayne Rooney touched the ball past Preston goalkeeper Thorsten Stuckman during the FA Cup clash
Rooney went down a moment after and several of the Preston players were unhappy with his actions
Rooney lies down on the ground before the penalty is given by the referee late on at Deepdale
Rooney scored from the spot to put Manchester United 3-1 up against Preston
If you think Marouane Fellaini has fouled his marker before he slams home the second then you hate United.
If you were desperate for Preston to hold on to their lead and felt immense disappointment bordering on physical pain when Herrera, Fellaini and then Rooney scored their goals then you hate Manchester United.
If you are focusing on United not playing fluent football, and completely ignoring the fact that they have lost one game in 19, almost as if you're trying to convince yourself that run isn't true, then you hate United.
If your focus is on Radamel Falcao not playing well then you're borderline obsessed with him, and you hate Manchester United.
Ander Herrera has his shot while Rooney (left) stands in an offside position but does not touch the ball
Herrera runs away in celebration as the referee lets the goal stand while Preston remain unhappy
Herrera scored to make it 1-1 as United went on to win the FA Cup tie and avoid an upset
If you're desperately trying to manufacture more statistics and evidence that show just how much better United were under David Moyes than they are now under Louis van Gaal, then you've got too much time on your hands, and you hate Manchester United.
If the success of your season is based on them going out of the FA Cup and dropping out of the top four rather than anything your own club might do, then you have an irrational hatred of United.
If you've suddenly adopted a philosophy this season that winning a cup tie isn't as important as playing brilliant football during that tie, then you hate United.
If you are focusing on United's negatives after Van Gaal's side made it through yet another away tie then you must be wondering how on earth your team is below United in the Premier League table. And you hate United.
Marouane Fellaini smashes home his goal to make it 2-1 to United en route to their victory
Fellaini scores to give United the lead as they turn the game on its head at Deepdale
Fellaini celebrates as United progressed through the FA Cup tie to the quarter-finals despite an earlier scare
Fellaini and Ashley Young celebrate as United take the lead in the FA Cup tie
If you keep saying United are terrible then you are trying to convince yourself they are terrible. Which is a bit weird. They're not great, but they're not terrible. This also means you hate United.
If you've experienced untold voyeuristic joy since Sir Alex Ferguson left and United fell a third of the way down the table, then you hate Manchester United.
If you are hammering home (to anyone who can't get away from you quick enough) a point about how much money United have spent, thinking that football is played on a computer screen and not on grass, then you hate United.
When a club is as successful as Manchester United have been it's understandable that jealousy kicks in among supporters of lesser clubs, and that transforms itself into hatred.
United manager Louis van Gaal pictured at Deepdale as his side beat Preston to make the quarter-finals
I don't know how United's season will finish, but my opinion is that if they end up outside the top four – even if they improve on last season's seventh place – then Van Gaal has failed. If they win the FA Cup it's a bonus, but United's season isn't about that. It's about getting back into the Champions League.
United want to win the FA Cup of course, but the bigger clubs don't define true success around that competition.
After the calamity of last season, Van Gaal was tasked with rebuilding. Helicoptering in a few expensive signings was only part of the rebuild for a club not used to dealing with failure on the scale they suffered last season.
In simple terms, there is no fear factor with United anymore – that went last season with Moyes' side capitulating regularly. Look at Preston: they were woefully insipid in both legs of their Johnstone's Paint Trophy area final against Walsall recently, and missed the chance to get to Wembley.
Van Gaal applauds at full-time after seeing off Preston as United continued their run in the FA Cup
United are in the FA Cup quarter-finals and are still on course to make the top four in the Premier League
But give them an FA Cup tie against Manchester United and all of a sudden they become a different side. And what about Cambridge United? They put so much effort into that 0-0 draw against Van Gaal's side they haven't won a game since.
I get the tribalism of football, and I totally get that thousands and thousands of fans are absolutely desperate for United's misery to continue.
But I also get that while Van Gaal's United are not going to be remembered as brilliant, he's got them back into the top four.
Whether the Manchester United haters can accept it or not, if the Dutchman keeps United in the top four come the end of the season, he has hit the target most United fans would have set him at the start of the campaign.
In the wake of President Obama's dramatic reversal on same-sex marriage, Mitt Romney suddenly finds himself in the enviable — and unusual — position of being able to advertise his consistency.
Though Romney has earned a reputation for flip-flopping, he has remained remarkably consistent on the issue of gay marriage — he has always opposed it. Now that Obama has flip-flopped his way to a nationally unpopular stance in favor of same-sex marriage, Romney's campaign is eager to get the message out that their guy has never changed his mind.
"The governor has a long-held belief that marriage should be defined as a union between one man and one woman. He is for traditional marriage. It's as simple as that," a senior Romney adviser told BuzzFeed.
Romney sounded the same tone earlier today, responding with uncharacteristic clarity when Colorado Fox affiliate KDVR-TV asked him about his position.
“Well, when these issues were raised in my state of Massachusetts, I indicated my view, which is I do not favor marriage between people of the same gender, and I do not favor civil unions if they are identical to marriage other than by name,” Romney told the station.
Indeed, Romney has been fighting same-sex marriage since 2002, when he campaigned against it as a gubernatorial candidate in liberal Massachusetts: "Call me old fashioned, but I don't support gay marriage nor do I support civil union," he said during a debate.
And a year later, when his state became the first to legalize same-sex marriage, Romney scrambled to find a legislative compromise that would prevent the Massachusetts Supreme Court's ruling from taking place. He ultimately failed, but has consistently campaigned on the issue ever since.
As recently as February, Romney boasted about his long battle against gay marriage to a crowd of conservative activists at CPAC.
“On my watch, we fought hard and prevented Massachusetts from becoming the Las Vegas of gay marriage,” he said. “When I am president, I will preserve the Defense of Marriage Act and I will fight for a federal amendment defining marriage as a relationship between one man and one woman.”
“Sharknado 3: Oh Hell No!” debuted Wednesday night on Syfy, but fans can already look forward to a fourth installment.
“Sharknado 3” ended with a cliffhanger that left April's (Tara Reid) life in flux, before the scene cut to black with a message splashed across the screen, “You decide if #AprilLives or #AprilDies,” with the announcement that fans can vote on her fate and learn of the outcome in “Sharknado 4.” The surprise announcement continued, “We're not done yet.”
Before the third TV movie premiered, director Anthony C. Ferrante told Variety that he is eager to create another sequel, so long the viewers keep tuning in.
“This one has to be successful, but as long as Syfy wants them, we'll keep doing them,” Ferrante said. “It's a summer event now. It's like a blockbuster movie, but for free on the network. People have parties and even kids love it. You embrace it as long as you can embrace it. As long as everyone wants to keep coming back and we have fun with it, I think you do it.”
Now that “Sharknado 4” is confirmed, Variety has Ferrante's wish list for the fourth flick.
Related Tara Reid Files $100 Million Suit Against the Asylum Over 'Sharknado' Merchandise Netflix Hack Day Fall 2018: Eye-Controlled Navigation, Skip to Goriest 'Sharknado' Scenes
As for the setting of “Sharknado 4,” Ferrante, who also directed the first two TV telepic hits, wants to take the sharks global.
“I want to do international,” he teased of the next potential movie's location. “There are still U.S. cities that I want to destroy. But it's less about the cities, and it's more about, what are we going to do with Ian and Tara, and what genres do we want to play with?”
Now the vote is in viewers' hands, but if it were up to Ferrante, he would want Ziering and Reid to stick around for more sequels to come. “I think they're your leads,” he said. “You wouldn't do ‘Die Hard' without Bruce Willis.”
“Sharknado 3” welcomed David Hasselhoff, Bo Derek, Marc Cuban, Ann Coulter, Jerry Springer, NSync's Chris Kirkpatrick and cameos by Bill Engvall, Lorenzo Lamas, Maria Menounos and TMZ's Harvey Levin. So who's the celebrity dream guest star for “Sharknado 4?” Bill Murray.
“We wanted Bill Murray in this one and I knew the reality of it,” said Ferrante. With a laugh, he added, “Remember when Lorne Michaels begged the Beatles to come on ‘SNL' in the 1970s and he offered like $10,000? If Bill Murray came to the set, I'd give him a Fig Newton bar because that's all we have – and maybe a beer – and we'll have fun.”
rexxar said: ↑ Not happening. It is not worth the time and money it would cost to port the entire game for a few thousand users.
/thread Click to expand...
I don't want to be rude rexxar but I put some effort in writing this post hoping we could get more than what has already been said in other posts. I'd appreciate it if I could some more of your time in return. Could we get some more details please?Furthermore, I emphasized servers in my thread, I don't mean a binary for clients. Right now the game has about "a few thousand users" playing at one time anyways. That represents the entire active playerbase at this moment. Linux binaries for servers will affect all of those few thousands of players.Thanks.
On Thursday, "The Economist" -- the venerable British newsmagazine that counts American bankers and hipsters among its readership -- published a far-ranging interview with President Donald Trump touching on economic policy. In it, the president laid out his vision for driving U.S. economic growth above 3 percent a year, passing tax cuts and cutting the country's trade deficit, among others.
But the president also made a number of statements that were dubious, inaccurate or worse. Here are four that were demonstrably false.
1. Mr. Trump created the expression "prime the pump"
As the president was explaining the reasoning behind his proposed tax cuts, this exchange took place:
(President Trump): …you understand the expression "prime the pump"? Yes. We have to prime the pump. It's very Keynesian. We're the highest-taxed nation in the world. Have you heard that expression before, for this particular type of event? Priming the pump? Yeah, have you heard it? Yes. Have you heard that expression used before? Because I haven't heard it. I mean, I just…I came up with it a couple of days ago and I thought it was good. It's what you have to do. It's… Yeah, what you have to do is you have to put something in before you can get something out.
As the internet lost no time in pointing out, the expression "priming the pump" -- spending some government money to stimulate economic activity -- has been in use since at least the 1930s when its proponents included the prominent British economist John Maynard Keynes. Even then, it was a subject of debate in the U.S. and elsewhere: The congressional record from 1935 shows lawmakers vigorously arguing over how effective the government's intervention had been.
Merriam-Webster cheekily tweeted a definition of the term Thursday morning, noting it was in use even before the Great Depression popularized the term in the 1930s:
The phrase 'priming the pump' dates to the early 19th century. — Merriam-Webster (@MerriamWebster) May 11, 2017
As The Economist noted, the idea of "priming the pump" is one more often associated with Democrats, who have long embraced Keynes's school of demand-side economics, than Republicans, who traditionally tend to favor so-called supply-side economic policies that minimize government spending and intervention.
2. The U.S. is the highest taxed nation in the world
When it comes to taxing individuals, this is false.
According to a 2017 report compiled by the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development (OECD) a single, childless worker in the United States faced a net average tax rate of 26 percent in 2016, or 16th on the list of 31 countries. A married worker with two children faced a net average tax rate of 14.1 percent, ranking the U.S. 19th.
Where business are concerned, it's somewhat true ... but mostly just on paper.
The statutory federal corporate tax has been 35 percent since 1993; according to a recent Congressional Budget Office report, the addition of state taxes brings that rate, on average, to 39.1 percent, the highest in the G20. A 2016 Tax Foundation analysis that examined 188 countries showed the United Arab Emirates has a higher corporate tax rate than the U.S., at 55 percent.
Though the federal statutory rate on large businesses is 35 percent, a Government Accountability Office study found last year that large U.S. corporations paid an average 14 percent of their income from 2008 to 2012, the latest years for available data. What's more, 42 percent of the corporations studied paid no federal income taxes at all.
Trump has proposed reducing the corporate tax rate from 35 percent to 15 percent, and allowing corporations to repatriate trillions in profits stored overseas in low-tax locales to the U.S. at an ultra-low 10 percent rate.
3. The president's proposed tax cuts will be the biggest in U.S. history
Here's how Mr. Trump described to "The Economist" the tax cut he outlined last month:
Can I ask you about the focus of the tax cut because you've spoken about a massive tax cut for ordinary workers…
Right, this would be the biggest tax cut in the history of the country.
The cut as initially proposed would reduce the number of tax brackets, eliminate many deductions and reduce tax rates across the board. The cut, most analysts say, would be tremendous.
But whichever way you measure it, it's not the biggest.
That distinction goes to the 1981 tax cut introduced by Ronald Reagan, which amounted to a substantial 2.9 percent of GDP. Mr. Trump's proposal, in its current form, would cost a still-substantive 2.6 percent of GDP, according to the nonpartisan Tax Foundation.
Measured as the drop in the top tax rate, the current proposal is still not the biggest. Under Mr. Trump's plan, the top rate would drop by 4.6 points, from 39.6 percent to 35 percent. Compare that with John F. Kennedy's tax reforms, which lowered the top-line tax rate from 91 percent to 70 percent -- a drop of 21 points.
What about absolute dollar terms? Under that metric, the largest cut was in 2010, under Barack Obama, who made permanent during the Great Recession many of the major tax cuts put into place by his predecessor, George W. Bush, after the dotcom stock bubble popped and the 9/11 terror attacks threatened to pull the country into recession. In the first year, those Obama cuts cost $420 billion, or $470 billion in 2016 dollars.
4. U.S. businesses can't compete in Mexico because of the value-added tax
The president devoted a good deal of time to the value-added tax, or VAT, which is a common way for countries (the U.S. excluded) to collect revenue. The VAT is a complicated topic on its best day, but the overarching point, held over from the campaign trail, was that American companies are unfairly taxed in Mexico, because Mexico imposes a value-added tax on goods, and the U.S. doesn't. Here's what he told The Economist.
Part of the problem with NAFTA is that Mexico's a VAT. So Mexico is paying almost…we pay 17%. So we are now down 17%, going into Mexico when we trade. So that's like, you have a football team and every time they play a game, they're down, you know, 25 points. How can you possibly do good?
"The allegation that VAT hurts American producers has no merit whatsoever," said Gian Luca Clementi, an associate professor of economics at NYU's Stern School of Business. That's because the VAT is applied equally to all products sold in a country that collects the tax: those made domestically as well as those imported from abroad.
In the U.S., sales tax works the same way. The difference is that sales tax is collected at the end of a product's life cycle, from the consumer who buys it, while VAT is applied at every stage of a product's manufacture. A steel manufacturer pays VAT on steel it sells to a car-parts company; that company, in turn, makes a car engine part out of the steel, sells it to, say, Ford, and pays VAT on the difference between the price of the steel and the price Ford paid for the car part.
"But the impact that it has on the final price in the car is the same, regardless of whether the car is produced within [VAT collecting country] or the United States," said Clementi.
Americans may not get along all that well these days, but on this much we should find common cause: Biden would be a terrible president.
Weird Uncle Joe isn't just a decades-long punchline and perpetual-gaffe machine—his political ideas are even older than his advanced years (he's 72). Whether it's plumping for unsustainable old-age entitlements or leading the charge on the drug war, Biden represents the past, not the future.
Which isn't to say he doesn't have a real shot. A poll taken the day before the first Democratic debate found half of Democrats want him to run, versus just 30 percent who want him to hit the showers. His public mourning after his son Beau's recent death earned rave reviews and President Obama practically endorsed him during last Sunday's 60 Minutes interview, calling him “one of the finest vice presidents in history.”
Hillary Clinton's good-but-not-great debate performance hardly silenced all questions about her inevitability and Bernie Sanders's “democratic socialism” simply doesn't play well with anything approaching a majority of Americans.
Which makes Biden viable, at least as a phantom menace to Clinton and Sanders, even though his odd behavior and logorrhea are legendary. Last year, The Daily Show went to town on “creepy” Joe's semi-chokehold on Defense Secretary Ash Carter's wife during a swearing-in ceremony; the veep pulled the same trick on various pre-pubescent daughters of random senators too. Fully half of the Internet is taken up with lists of Biden gaffes, which range from the bizarre (“You cannot go to a 7-Eleven or a Dunkin' Donuts unless you have a slight Indian accent”) to the more-bizarre (Obama, he averred, is “articulate and bright and clean and a good-looking guy…that's a storybook, man”) to the please-god-make-it-stop (“I'd rather be at home making love to my wife while my children are asleep”).
Beyond the eww factor, his loose talk about “Shylocks,” “Orientals,” and disgraced sexual harasser and former Senator Bob Packwood during a commemoration of the passage of The Violence Against Women Act is difficult to simply laugh off. As is his truly disturbing record of plagiarism and lying.
During his failed presidential campaign in 1988, Biden had to cop not only to getting an F during his law school days for cheating but to having ripped off speeches by John F. Kennedy, Robert Kennedy, and Hubert Humphrey. Even more amazingly, Biden cribbed biographical details from British Labour politician Neil Kinnock, including lines about ancestors who “would come up [from coal mines] after 12 hours and play football.” What kind of politician plagiarizes not simply other people's word but other people's lives? That's not a storybook, man, that's a nutjob.
Then there's his actual politics, which are stuck in the past. During the 2012 campaign, Biden told every audience of seniors he could find, “There will be no changes in Social Security.” The problem with that—and his similar promise regarding Medicare— is that such programs are flatly unsustainable absent massive infusions of payroll tax dollars, most of which will inevitably be paid by the relatively young and relatively poor.
Then again, Biden has never been a particularly good friend to younger Americans, even back when he was one of them. Certainly, he's always despised drug culture, even marijuana, which he believes is a gateway drug. In the 1980s, Biden was instrumental in creating the office of the drug czar and called for nothing short of total war on pot and pills. “Mr. President,” he raged, outdoing even Ronald Reagan in just-say-no bellicosity, “you say you want a war on drugs, but if that's what you want we need another D-Day. Instead you're giving us another Vietnam—a limited war fought on the cheap, financed on the sly, with no clear objectives, and ultimately destined for stalemate and human tragedy.” Give Biden bonus credit for chutzpah in invoking Vietnam—like Dick Cheney, he managed to snag five deferments from the military draft his college days.
In the early 2000s, when raves and Ecstasy were driving legislators to distraction with visions of young people getting high and fucking, Biden emerged as the champion of the Illicit Drug Anti-Proliferation Act, which also went by the god-awful acronym The RAVE Act (for “Reducing Americans' Vulnerability to Ecstasy Act”).
The kink in the RAVE Act was that it not only stiffened all sorts of penalties for making or selling drugs but also for allowing them to be used. The law prohibited “knowingly opening, maintaining, managing, controlling, renting, leasing, making available for use, or profiting from any place for the purpose of manufacturing, distributing, or using any controlled substance.” If you owned a club or a house or even an open field and enough high kids showed up, you're screwed.
The ironic-yet-entirely-predictable twist? By criminalizing any knowledge of drug use, the RAVE Act actually increases the likelihood of bad outcomes. If event organizers acknowledge drug use and try to pass around harm-reduction literature or staff intervention services, they're putting themselves at risk. “Promoters,” wrote Tammy L. Anderson in the journal Contexts, “even told me that “rave” language on flyers or other promotional materials could serve as evidence of a legal violation. If they offer drug intervention services, such as drug testing and education, promoters may be at even greater legal risk.”
But forget all that, and the gaffes and the plagiarism and the refusal to admit that entitlements need to be overhauled. In the words of a Facebook page begging him to run, “Biden would bolster the field w/ his ‘extensive public service record' and his ‘deep relationships' in Washington.”
Such is the state of 21st -century American politics that he might just have a shot at becoming the oldest president ever sworn into office.
Saddam Hussein yells at the court
Of all the things that Saddam Hussein yelled as the court was cleared after he was sentenced to hang for crimes against humanity Sunday—” Allahu akbar” being more like his Quran-thumping everyday style—surely the best of the great secularist's ejaculations was “Long Live the Kurds!” As far as I know, this is a first for Saddam Hussein. But the irony, if there is any, is actually the other way around. The elected president of Iraq, Kurdish leader Jalal Talabani, is opposed on principle to capital punishment.
Before the arrival of coalition forces in Iraq, one of Kurdistan's most respected leaders, Barham Salih, was the target of an assassination attempt by the Ansar al-Islam group. He was saved only by the momentary impulse to duck back through his doorway for a cell phone he had left behind, but several of his entourage were murdered. The killers were apprehended, tried, and sentenced to death. Salih is now the deputy prime minister, but he was then the man responsible for signing death warrants in northern Iraq. He declined to sign the warrants for those who had murdered his friends and nearly taken his own life. At the time, he told me that he hoped the new Iraq would abolish capital punishment “even when we capture Saddam Hussein.” Like many leading Kurds, he had been influenced by discussions with Danielle Mitterrand, the widow of former French President François Mitterrand, who was a great friend of Kurdistan as well as a stern foe of capital punishment. The idea was that the new Iraq would begin life without the death penalty. I have had discussions with many Iraqi dissidents who take the same view. Almost every preceding change of regime in the country was marked by the execution of at least some of the previous leadership. Perhaps it might be desirable to break with this depressing tradition. Moreover, now that even the Turks have abolished capital punishment just next door, in order to conform with European Union stipulations, why should Iraq not signal its membership of the community of civilized nations in the same way?
I agree completely with this view, and I have not had to search through encrusted ditches for the remains of my relatives in order to arrive at it. The special symbol of Iraq under Saddam Hussein was the hangman: The whole country was a concentration camp above ground and a mass grave underneath it. The name Abu Ghraib has recently acquired new and revolting associations. Still, I shall never forget seeing those beams and hooks, dangling over open concrete pits, where thousands of victims were routinely dispatched by slow strangulation, or worse. An end to all that is a great thing in itself.
The case for carrying out the sentence of death, or for not protesting if it is carried out, is the following: Saddam Hussein has been tried under Iraqi law as it stood when he was dictator and has been sentenced according to that law. It is not for anyone else to tell Iraqi courts and judges what to do or to suggest retrospective changes in the system. He had the day in court that was denied to his victims, and the sentence should stand, even if the Iraqi parliament should later decide to abolish capital punishment. This might be technically correct, but then so until recently was the “sovereign immunity” defense, which said that those who were recognized heads of state could not be tried under the common law. Partly overturned by the British House of Lords in the case of Augusto Pinochet, and by the trial of Slobodan Milosevic, this doctrine is giving way to the idea of “universal jurisdiction,” whereby crimes such as torture and genocide are akin to piracy and indictable and prosecutable in any place where the wanted person may be found. That being the case, the Iraqi courts should act according to a putatively universal standard. This standard might not include such features of the Saddam trial as the recent abrupt replacement of the presiding judge on the grounds that he seemed too soft on the defendant.
There is another argument that has nothing to do with law. It concerns the bizarre word closure. A better word might be catharsis. After 1945, for example, it would have seemed grotesque that millions of Jews and Poles and Russians and Gypsies should be dead and their murderers still alive and able to give interviews and write memoirs. The hanging of the principal Nazi criminals was more an act of hygiene than of law, as well as an absolute assurance to their surviving victims (and to their remaining sympathizers) that there could be no second act. One's humanity, here, is partly enlisted for once in favor of the death penalty. Nuremberg pressed the last breath out of the putrescent body of fascism, and it allowed others to breathe more freely at the same time. Iraq is a country absolutely febrile with rumor and paranoia: I never cease to be amazed at the way in which people's expressions still change into a flicker of fear when the name of their sadistic former boss is even so much as mentioned. Millions of people will not even start to relax until they are absolutely sure that the great werewolf will not come back. (This salutary effect was also palpable in Romania, once people became certain that the pictures of Nicolae Ceausescu's death had not been faked.) In this sense, you could argue that hanging the chief butcher and torturer would be an act of mass emancipation. But this still seems to me to be more like an exorcism than an execution—a concession to superstition and primitive emotion. And we have enough of both in today's Iraq.
One strong objection to all executions is that they involve the destruction of evidence. Once the accused has been removed from the scene, he cannot shed any more light on the crime; investigation of which often has to be reopened. The trial of Saddam Hussein, like those of Pinochet and Milosevic, ought to have been the occasion for the assembling of a huge and conclusive archive of evidence, which would stand for all time as a monument to justice and an insurance against later “revisionism.”
If he is dropped through the trapdoor, we will never get to hear Saddam Hussein's response to two very important historic events—the Anfal campaign to exterminate the Kurds in the 1980s and the sanguinary way in which he restored himself to power after the Kuwait war. And there will always be the suspicion that he might have pointed the finger at Western complicity in both of these terrible episodes. He should have been indicted by an international tribunal well before 2003, and the refusal of the American and British governments to act on this suggestion—made most notably by the British MP Ann Clwyd and her organization, Indict—will always be a standing reproach to our statecraft. I have always found the term “victor's justice” an absurd one—the courts are invariably set up by the powers that be, and how would “loser's justice” have looked in Nuremberg or at The Hague? But it is for the losers, or in other words the victims, that justice should be sought in the first place. It is a shame that the Kurds were not part of the centerpiece of this trial, just as it is impressive that their leaders are the ones most in favor of magnanimity. And these, by the way, are the people that every liberal in the world is currently arguing that we should desert.
5/29/17 | 1:58PM: Elliotte Friedman was on the radio in Calgary today and was asked about Kovalchuk. (FanRag)
He said, again, that he has heard that Kovalchuk wants to come to the Rangers but added"I don't think the Rangers are going to do it." (FanRag)
5/16/17 | Elliotte Friedman cites Russian Sources who believe that Ilya Kovalchuk has had "serious interest" in joining the Rangers as part of his comeback to the NHL. (Sportsnet)
Friedman notes that he isn't sure of the Rangers interest in Kovalchuk and also notes that even if they did have interest they would need to work out a trade with the Devils. (Sportsnet)
Reports have indicated that Kovalchuk would like to stay in the NYC area or possibly in Florida and that his family will be a major factor in determining where he plays. (Malamud)
Kovalchuk is planning to return to the NHL and will, can either play for the Devils or signed and then traded to another team. (NY Post)
The Rangers and Devils have never made a trade since the Devils moved from Colorado to New Jersey.
The Colorado Rockies traded Barry Beck to the Rangers in 1979 for Bobby Sheehan, Lucien Deblois, Pat Hickey, Mike McEwen and Dean Turner.
Friedman wonders if the Islanders would have interest and notes that the Panthers may have inquired about Kovalchuk. (Sportsnet)
Kovalchuk was teammates with Pavel Buchnevich after Buchnevich was traded to SKA in 2015-16 and was teammates with Igor Shesterkin in SKA this past season when they won the Gagarin Cup.
It's believed that when Kovalchuk was a free agent in 2010 that he wanted to join the Rangers.
Adam Rotter: I would say that this has a nearly 0% chance of happening for a few different reasons but mostly because the Devils, who need scoring, aren't going to trade one of their potential top scorers to the Rangers. Kovalchuk can have his say on where he wants to go but it's the Devils who ultimately have to agree to a trade with that team and I just don't see Ray Shero connecting with Jeff Gorton on this. The Islanders seemingly make sense as they have looked for a forward to pair with John Tavares, and the Isle and Devils have made trades before, but would the Devils really move him in the division?
New Hobbit Movie Names Revealed
Sources are reporting the recent registration of movie titles from New Line Cinema, one of the studios producing The Hobbit movies. It has been reported that two Hobbit movie titles have been registered. The first is The Hobbit : There and Back Again. The second, The Hobbit : The/An Unexpected Journey. No official word has been announced from the studio itself and it is true that sometimes multiple potential movie names are registered before the official is named, however, it is a rather safe bet to assume these will be your Hobbit movie titles.
The first, There and Back Again is already an alternate title for the original Hobbit novel and follows Peter Jackson's past desire to not stray far from the source, especially with official names. So to consider this is the name of the first movie is no stretch. The second is more complicated. There is no “official novel” that portrays what the second movie will be. However, we do know it will contain many events that are referred to in The Similarion. An Unexpected Journey would coincide with many of the journeys discussed in the untold tales. Therefore, there is no reason to think this will not be the title.
The first movie is expected to release in December of 2012, with the second to be released the following year. We expect an “official” announcement from Hobbit producers soon.
Discuss what you think of the names in our community message board (link below).
Government has a right to regulate the Second Amendment, Hillary Clinton said in an interview on the June 5 airing of This Week With George Stephanopoulos.
Clinton contended that Americans have historically recognized the government's “right” to regulate the bearing of arms, suggesting that it was not until District of Columbia v Heller(2008) that anyone thought otherwise.
Stephanopoulos asked, “Do you believe an individual's right to bear arms is a constitutional right? That it's not linked to the service in the militia?”
Clinton responded:
I think that for most of our history there was a nuanced reading of the Second Amendment, until the decision by the late Justice [Antonin] Scalia. And there was no argument until then that localities, and states, and the federal government had a right–as we do with every amendment–to impose reasonable regulations.
While arguing for the government's “right” to regulate the Second Amendment, Clinton twice refused to say the people have “a constitutional right” to keep and bear arms.
The first time Stephanopoulos asked if “an individual's right to bear arms is constitutional” Clinton sidestepped the question, claiming instead the government's “right” to regulate.
So Stephanopoulos repeated the question, and Clinton responded: “If it is a constitutional right, then it–like every other constitutional right–is subject to reasonable regulations.”
Liberal comedienne Sarah Silverman has had a drastic change of heart when it comes to Trump voters.
While filming her Hulu series titled “I Love You, America,” the outspoken critic of the president said she “fell in love” with Trump supporters.
"When you're one-on-one with someone who doesn't agree with you, or whose ideology is different than yours, when you're face to face, your porcupine needles go down," Silverman told the crowd at the Los Angeles Vulture Festival crowd.
Despite relentlessly criticizing these people in the past, she acknowledged finding it easy to connect with them once she put some effort in.
“When you're one-on-one with someone who doesn't agree with you, or whose ideology is different than yours, when you're face to face, your porcupine needles go down,” she said, reports The Hollywood Reporter. “The surprise was … I fell in love with them. I had a great time with them and I felt comfortable.
“I'm trying to be open,” she said. “I'm finding if I do engage with someone who is angry at me, or angry and I'm a place where they can put that anger … it's almost always a good experience, because more than anything, all of us what we have in common is, we want to feel seen. We want to feel like we exist. We really should — all of us — work on not getting our self-esteem from outside forces, but it is so much when somebody just sees you. It's just like, everything melts away. We just all just human out again.”
But, of course, she couldn't be entirely positive about the president.
"We're waiting for him to hit bottom. There's no bottom. It's bottomless," she said.
Below you can check out the promo for the show:
When future generations try to understand how the world got carried away around the end of the 20th century by the panic over global warming, few things will amaze them more than the part played in stoking up the scare by the fiddling of official temperature data. There was already much evidence of this seven years ago, when I was writing my history of the scare, The Real Global Warming Disaster. But now another damning example has been uncovered by Steven Goddard's US blog Real Science, showing how shamelessly manipulated has been one of the world's most influential climate records, the graph of US surface temperature records published by the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA).
Goddard shows how, in recent years, NOAA's US Historical Climatology Network (USHCN) has been “adjusting” its record by replacing real temperatures with data “fabricated” by computer models. The effect of this has been to downgrade earlier temperatures and to exaggerate those from recent decades, to give the impression that the Earth has been warming up much more than is justified by the actual data. In several posts headed “Data tampering at USHCN/GISS”, Goddard compares the currently published temperature graphs with those based only on temperatures measured at the time. These show that the US has actually been cooling since the Thirties, the hottest decade on record; whereas the latest graph, nearly half of it based on “fabricated” data, shows it to have been warming at a rate equivalent to more than 3 degrees centigrade per century.
When I first began examining the global-warming scare, I found nothing more puzzling than the way officially approved scientists kept on being shown to have finagled their data, as in that ludicrous “hockey stick” graph, pretending to prove that the world had suddenly become much hotter than at any time in 1,000 years. Any theory needing to rely so consistently on fudging the evidence, I concluded, must be looked on not as science at all, but as simply a rather alarming case study in the aberrations of group psychology.
2013-14 salary: $11,100,000 | Age: 29 | Season stats: 12.6 ppg, 11.3 rpg, 5.4 ast
Season recap: Noah enjoyed the best season of his professional career. He was a force on both ends of the floor and won the NBA's Defensive Player of the Year award. After Derrick Rose went down with another knee injury and Luol Deng got traded to Cleveland in January, Noah was the player who rallied the rest of his teammates together and helped get them out of a collective rut. He became a de facto point guard for the Bulls as the offense ran through him on the high post. Noah became the unquestioned leader of a team that surprised many during the regular season.
Season highlight: Noah was solid throughout February-April, but it was a particular stretch in the first week of March in which he racked up two triple-doubles in four days that had the NBA shaking its collective head in awe.
Season lowlight: The playoff series against the Washington Wizards. Noah did not play well against Wizards big men Nene and Marcin Gortat and was hampered by a knee injury that ultimately required surgery. Noah never stopped playing hard, but he looked like he was out of gas.
Final grade: A.
Notes: Noah's popularity, which has grown each year, hit a new high this season. The ovation he got on a consistent basis at the United Center was always loud. He grew out of the "energy player" tag and into one of the best players in the league. Aside from the knee surgery, he stayed healthy all year and produced. the question is will he be able to do it again next year?
Quoteable: "I'm proud of that," Noah said in January of the Bulls' mindset after playing their first game since Deng was traded. "I'm proud of that. This team, we've been dealing with a lot of adversity over the years. But people know when they come and play Chicago, no matter if there's four guys on the court, we're going to go out there and we're going to go hard. We're going to give it everything we have. And I think that's something that people are proud of when you say, 'Chicago Bulls.' Whatever it is, you know you're in for a fight. I'm proud to be a part of that. It's always going to be like that."
What's next?: Noah had a minor procedure on his left knee last Friday, according to the Bulls. He is expected to rehab for 8-12 weeks. He said last month that he planned to take time off this summer as he gets his body back in order. He will not play for Team France in the World Cup of Basketball this summer.
Korean-Style Short Ribs By Worker Bee
Korean short ribs have an irresistible combination of sweet, salty and spicy flavors. Traditionally, the sweetness comes from sugar or corn syrup, usually half a cup or more. Thanks to Christian Chun, who submitted a fruit-based marinade for Korean-style short ribs to the Primal Blueprint Cookbook Contest, you can lose the processed sugar without losing a bit of flavor.
Fruit provides all the sweetness the ribs need. Christian's recipe combines apple, Asian pear and kiwi. For a slightly different but equally delicious marinade, try using antioxidant-rich blackberries instead.
The sweetness of the fruit, contrasted with tamari, garlic and rice vinegar, hits all the right notes. The result is intensely flavored and truly addictive ribs. Wrapped in a cooling leaf of romaine lettuce and served with a feisty scallion salad, Primal Korean Short Ribs will add new dimensions of flavor to your table.
Ingredients:
2 pounds beef short ribs. For Korean short ribs, “flanken-style” is the preferred cut. Flanken-style ribs about 1/2-inch thick and contain three rib bones. This marinade can also be used with other types of beef, such as 1/2-inch thick sirloin steaks.
Marinade:
1/2 apple, skin on
1 kiwi, peeled
1/2 Asian pear, skin on (optional)
OR use 2 cups blackberries instead of other fruit
1/2 cup wheat-free tamari
1/4 cup unseasoned rice vinegar
1 tablespoon sesame oil
4 stalks of scallions, chopped
1/2 onion, chopped
2-4 garlic cloves
Directions:
Chop the fruit up into chunks and put all marinade ingredients into a blender until smooth.
Pour the marinade over meat into a Ziploc bag, an air-tight container or a bowl wrapped tightly with plastic wrap. Make sure the meat is completely covered with the marinade. Refrigerate for at least 4 hours and up to overnight.
Grill ribs four minutes on each side for rare and a minute or two longer for medium rare. The ribs can also be cooked under a broiler, but might take 3-5 minutes longer to cook.
Serve with Romaine lettuce leaves and an optional garnish of thinly sliced garlic, thinly sliced Korean hot pepper or jalapeno, and scallion salad.
Scallion Salad Ingredients:
1 bunch of scallions (about 12 scallions)
1 teaspoon unseasoned rice vinegar
1 tablespoon wheat-free tamari
1 teaspoon sesame oil
1/2 teaspoon wasabi (optional)
Directions:
Chop most of the white part off the scallions and trim the top so the onion is about four inches long. Using the tip of a knife, cut the green stalks into very thin strips.
A pair of scissors will also work well for this. Submerge the sliced scallions in a bowl of ice water to make them curl. If the green stalks aren't sliced thinly enough, they won't curl.
Remove scallions and dry. Toss with remaining ingredients.
Post navigation
If you'd like to add an avatar to all of your comments click here!
Save this picture! via Indiegogo Realise Minas Tirith Campaign
Are you looking for the perfect walled city to lay down your roots? Look no further than Minas Tirith, J.R.R. Tolkien's fictional capital of Gondor, located in mountainous and remote Middle Earth. Except, if an ambitious group of British architects get their way, it might not be fictional for much longer. With their plans to construct a replica of Minas Tirith in the non-fictional hills of southern England, the Lord of the Rings-inspired community promises to be a bustling center of activity occupied by the most diehard Middle Earth supporters. This is only possible, of course, if the founders of Realise Minas Tirith are able to fundraise £1.85 Billion ($2.86bn USD) within 60 days on Indiegogo.
Founded by "an ambitious team of architects and structural engineers who are passionate about creating a beautiful, inspirational and fully-functioning replica of Peter Jackson's depiction of Minas Tirith," the team promises, if funded, to break ground in 2016 with completion slated for 2023. With costs estimated at £15m ($23m USD) for land on one of two selected sites in southern England, £188m ($291m USD) for construction and £1.4bn ($2.16bn USD) for material, the ambitious project will require millions of donors to reach its goal. There are benefits, of course: for only £15 ($23 USD), donors can have their names inscribed - alongside millions of others - on the city's central monument. For a mere £50,000 ($774,000 USD), your name could appear on a small street.
And of course there are homes for sale too: a little middle earth dwelling could be yours for the reasonable price of £400,000 ($620,000 USD) - a steal considering Southern England's current steroidal housing market - earning you a 100-year lease on a one-bedroom house set into the city's "ancient" streets. Looking for luxury? For only £1.7 Million ($2.6m USD), a four bedroom penthouse with the best views of Minas Tirith could be yours. The team also promises to include commercial spaces for businesses seeking to provide for all of your Middle Earth needs.
The funding campaign is also "fixed funding," meaning that if it doesn't reach its full £1,850,000,000 goal, all payments are refunded. At press time, Realise Minas Tirith has raised £121. Find out more about the campaign on Indiegogo.
Charlie Hebdo's decision to release the explicit cartoons sparked angry condemnation in the Muslim world, where violence over a crudely made anti-Islam film has resulted in dozens of deaths in recent days.
The French government said it would close many embassies, consulates, cultural centres and international schools on Friday due to fears they could be targeted in demonstrations after weekly Muslim prayers.
French schools in Tunisia , home to 30,000 French have already been closed until Monday as a "preventive measure", while schools and cultural centres in Egypt will close on Thursday.
Riot police on Wednesday took up positions outside the Paris offices of Charlie Hebdo, whose former headquarters were firebombed last November after it published an issue called Sharia Hebdo featuring Mohammed as "guest editor". The real editor has been under police protection ever since.
The magazine's website was down yesterday, with staff saying it had been hacked. A Pakistan-based group calling itself the Guardian of Honour of the Prophet, SAW claimed responsibility.
The front cover of the magazine shows an Orthodox Jew pushing a turbaned Muslim in a wheelchair with the caption: "Don't poke fun." The inside pages carry numerous cartoons mocking salafists and the film "Innocence of Muslims", which triggered worldwide protests since its online release.
But Muslim anger was directed against four cartoons clearly depicting Mohammed.
One, inspired by Jean-Luc Godard's 1963 film Contempt, features a naked prophet asking the director "Do you like my bottom?" - a line delivered by Brigitte Bardot in the film.
Another shows the founder of Islam crouched on all fours with a star covering his behind and the inscription "A Star Is Born."
A third depicts a cover of Closer, the magazine that released topless photographs of the Duchess of Cambridge. In this case it promises exclusive snaps of a bare-breasted, bearded "Mrs Mohammed".
The magazine's print run of 75,000 had sold out by midafternoon amid reports of people ripping up numerous copies in the street. More will be on sale tomorrow.
Religious leaders in France and abroad warned the cartoons stood to inflame tensions.
The Vatican's official daily Osservatore Romano said the cartoons risk adding "more fuel to the fire after the attack on the US consulate in Benghazi."
"There is a risk of a new front in the protests," the daily said.
Sunni Islam's highest authority, the Al-Azhar mosque, said the caricatures were "offensive to Islam and its Prophet, the prophet of humanity."
"Freedom should stop (where it affects) other people's freedoms," it said.
In Lebanon, leading Salafist cleric Sheikh Nabil Rahim warned the cartoons could lead to more violence and "targeting of foreigners".
In France, Dalil Boubakeur, the senior cleric at Paris's biggest mosque, appealed for the country's four million Muslims to remain calm.
"It is with astonishment, sadness and concern that I have learned that this publication is risking increasing the current outrage across the Muslim world," he said.
The French Muslim Council, the main body representing Muslims, said it was "profoundly worried by this irresponsible act".
Richard Prasquier, head of the body representing France's Jewish community, said religious censorship was wrong but added: "Publishing Mohammad cartoons at this time, in the name of freedom, is irresponsible".
The magazine's editor, also a cartoonist who uses the name Charb, said it mocked all religions and extremists with equal zeal and denied the timing was particularly provocative.
"The world context will never be favourable to having a laugh at the expense of radical Islam or religion in general," he said.
He rejected as irrelevant charges of "throwing oil on the fire".
"It is like saying a woman who has been raped is to blame because she wore a miniskirt.
"We are provocateurs, we are wearing a miniskirt but who is guilty: the person in the miniskirt or the rapist."
An organisation calling itself the Syrian Association for Freedom yesterday filed a legal complaint against Charlie Hebdo for "public provocation to discrimination, hatred and national, racial or religious violence" and "public racial or religious defamation".
Anti-racism group Licra defended the magazine saying that the "crime of blasphemy" does not exist in France. "Can one still criticise religion?," it asked. "Given the hesitations of our political leaders, the answer does not go without saying."
French politicians wavered between a robust defence of free speech and the need for tact.
Jean-Marc Ayrault, the prime minister, said anyone offended by the cartoons could sue the magazine after expressing his "disapproval of all excesses".
Right-wing former Prime Minister François Fillon said: "I defend Charlie Hebdo, I defend the freedom of expression and I think we mustn't give an inch of ground on this front". But Jean-François Copé, his rival to lead the French Right, warned the cartoons were a "provocation that could lead to unforgivable violence".
The White House questioned the judgment of the French weekly but said the decision was no justification for violence.
“We have questions about the judgment of publishing something like this,” White House spokesman Jay Carney said, while adding “it is not in any way justification for violence.”
“We don't question the right of something like this to be published, we just question the judgment behind the decision to publish it.”
“Last night, I explained a lot to allow foreigners to see the beautiful sights of Mount Kumgang,” Mr. Kim said as he sat beneath chandeliers in the lobby of the Kumgang Hotel, adding that he could also talk about investing “if big delegations from Europe, Africa and other countries come to the Mount Kumgang area.”
The effort by North Korean officials to bring foreign investment to Mount Kumgang is the latest move in a chess match between the two Koreas over the park, which abuts the demilitarized zone. New investment would help with infrastructure construction, and rejuvenated park operations could bolster tourist numbers. But the vast majority of the two million visitors who have come to the resort since its opening in 1998 have been South Koreans, and North Korean officials say they want to restart their partnership with Hyundai Asan. The very public wooing of foreign investors could be an effort to pressure the South Korean government to let Hyundai Asan rejoin the venture.
The North Koreans began raising the stakes on Aug. 22, when officials informed the government in the South that they were evicting any remaining South Korean employees from the park and contended that they had the right to “start legal disposal” of South Korean assets, which amount to $443 million.
The South Korean government immediately said it would take legal and diplomatic measures to protect the assets, and Hyundai Asan warned that anyone who bought facilities at the resort would be implicated in international lawsuits.
Mr. Kim said the South Korean government was responsible for the conflict by putting “unilateral restrictions on tourism” for “political purposes.” He added that the tensions would not scare off foreign investors.
“I think we already established the legal foundation for developing this Mount Kumgang area,” he said. “Whether they will invest in this area is their choice.”
Photo
An official at South Korea's Unification Ministry said in an e-mail on Saturday that the “Mount Kumgang tourism issue cannot be resolved by the unilateral measures by the North. It can be addressed by inter-Korean dialogue.”
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Once accessed by ferry and road from South Korea, the special administrative zone of Mount Kumgang is a rugged area of pine trees and waterfalls, soaring stony peaks and curving coastlines. Carved into the ubiquitous granite rock faces are gigantic slogans paying homage to the North Korean leader, Kim Jong-il, and his deceased father and North Korea's founder, Kim Il-sung.
The South Korean government built a center here for a pilot program in which family members split by the division of Korea in 1945 and the subsequent war could meet again. But since the killing of the South Korean tourist, relations between the two Koreas have become much more strained, especially after the sinking of a South Korean naval ship for which the South blames the North and the shelling of a South Korean island last year.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
The drop in tourism has been particularly hard on North Korea, which has been grappling with food shortages caused in part by failed economic policies and struggling with the effect of economic sanctions from the United Nations. The sanctions were imposed mostly at the urging of the United States, which is trying to force the North Korean leader to end a nuclear weapons program.
State tourism bureaus have been bringing domestic tourists to Mount Kumgang to keep the operations going. Mr. Kim, the tourism official, said domestic tourists pay about 1,000 won, or $10 at the official rate, for a package that includes a night's hotel stay and transportation to the main attractions. At a recent evening acrobatics show, the auditorium was packed with hundreds of North Koreans; many of the men wore olive or brown workers' uniforms, and women were clothed in brightly colored traditional dresses, or hanbok.
Mr. Kim estimated that about 2,500 visitors per day came to the park, 900 of them foreign, but that might have been an optimistic assessment. (He gave estimates of 3,000 to 4,000 tourists per day for the years when South Koreans were allowed to come.)
On Wednesday, as the group of Chinese visitors hiked up a steep path to Kuryong Waterfall, a small party of Malaysians who had flown in from Pyongyang, the North's capital, walked down the trail. Beneath a shelter across from the falls, two Australian men suffering from hangovers — their weeklong tour, booked for the equivalent of $2,400 each in Melbourne, included a steady supply of beer — lay drenched in sweat and gasping for breath.
“The people have been excellent, absolutely excellent; the food's been excellent,” said Max Ward, 51, a merchant seaman and an avowed leftist. “I'm really glad, and I'll be back.”
That night, Mr. Kim made his pitch to the Chinese businesspeople, many of whom were friends of Park Chol-su, a top executive at a North Korean investment group who had organized the trip. Exhausted from the waterfall hike, the Chinese were ushered into an auditorium at 8:30, where they sat through a short video on the wonders of Mount Kumgang. It opened with shots showing the splendors of the park in the four seasons, and closed with narration that said the “golden tourism development area” needed more investment.
Mr. Kim gave a speech afterward, standing at a lectern in a navy suit and gold-rimmed glasses, his hair slicked back. Because South Koreans wanted to contribute to the nation, he said, “our great general set his determination to allow them to conduct tourism activities in the military area of sharp conflict.” Translation: Kim Jong-il had personally given the green light for the joint tourism project near the demilitarized zone.
Several of the Chinese guests dozed off. At a banquet afterward, some shook their heads at the thought of investing here. One tourism executive, Wu Yuchu, said the investment environment was not stable, comparing it to that of Libya.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
“More than anything,” he said, “businessmen value the safety of their money.”
Close The Gaps: Disparities That Threaten America
By: Valley News Editorial Board
Washington, it seems to us, is focusing on one gap -- between spending and revenue -- to the exclusion of others. That's unwise, because these other gaps also pose threats to America and its social structure. They, too, ought to be closed.
Take the jobs gap, which doesn't need much explanation. There are far fewer jobs than people seeking work, which is why unemployment is close to 10 percent or higher, if you count those who would like a job but have given up looking. According to economist Laura D'Andrea Tyson, writing last week in The New York Times, the U.S. economy would have to add about 12.3 million jobs to return to employment levels that existed before the 2008-2009 recession blindsided America. A quarter of a million people enter the labor force each month. At the current pace of recovery -- which is to say slower than slow -- closing this gap could take 10 years or more. Talk about a lost decade.
Closing the jobs gap might be easier if there were a solid commitment to closing the investment gap. Unlike other rich nations and, we hasten to add, developing countries such as India and China, the United States doesn't spend nearly enough on education and work force training; research and development; and vital infrastructure such as bridges, roads and air traffic control. This is what's known as "non-security discretionary spending," which is a misnomer. Investing in these areas would actually help strengthen America and secure the future. Yet spending in these categories accounts for less than 10 percent of all federal expenditure, and the share has been falling and is likely to fall further in the grip of the Scissorhands caucus that has taken control of Congress.
Finally, and most worryingly, there's the widening wealth gap. The inequality of incomes in this country has been well documented and much commented on, to wit: The richest 1 percent of Americans now account for almost a quarter of the nation's income, creating an imbalance even worse than the days of the Rockefellers and the Vanderbilts.
Less remarked, however, is the fact that America's wealth gap is also a race gap. As the Pew Research Center reported last week, the median wealth of white households is 20 times that of black households and 18 times that of Hispanic households. Think about that. In 2009, the typical black household had $5,677 in wealth -- defined as assets minus debts; the typical Hispanic household had $6,325; the typical white household, by contrast, had $113,149.
The disparity is twice as large as it was in the two decades prior to the Great Recession and the largest since the government began publishing such data a quarter century ago. The downturn has been particularly hard on blacks, who are twice as likely to be unemployed as whites.
Moreover, according to the Pew analysis, the wealth gap widened between 2005 and 2009 because minorities disproportionately reside in states hit the hardest by plummeting house values -- Michigan, California, Arizona, Florida and Nevada, where median house prices fell as much as 50 percent .
White households saw house values decline as well, of course, but they tended to be cushioned by other assets that many black and Hispanic households don't have, including savings accounts, pensions and stocks.
"What's pushing the wealth of whites is the rebound in the stock market and corporate savings, while younger Hispanics and African Americans who bought homes in the last decade -- because that was the American dream -- are seeing big declines," Timothy Smeeding of the University of Wisconsin told The Associated Press.
These days, the American dream is more apt to be realized in South America, in places such as Ecuador, Venezuela and Argentina, where incomes are actually more equal today than they are in the land of Horatio Alger. Who's the banana republic now?
-Valley News Editorial Board
There have been shots fired about whether pro wrestling is real or fake. Big names like Dana White and Conor McGregor have given their opinions on the subject, and they have that right. But PLEASE understand that in the wrestling business, things can be a bit complicated.
Yes, some things are pre-determined. And yes, at times it is choreographed. But it's far from fake. When you watch an action movie and see stuntmen doing the stunts, would you consider that fake? No, you wouldn't. Some stunts have cost stuntmen their lives. It's the same with wrestling.
I used to be on the same side as Dana and Conor, until I became a pro wrestler. It's the toughest thing I've ever done, and I won a gold medal with a broken freakin' neck. My body has been beaten up over the years. Why? Because the stunts are very real. We wrestle and bump on plywood. It's NOT a bed mattress. It's PLYWOOD. So if you want to comment on how fake wrestling is, then I challenge you to get into the ring and take 5 bumps. That's all – 5 bumps.
The first day I tried pro wrestling, I took 3 bumps and quit. I said, “F*ck that! You have to be a real idiot to do this.” Maybe we are. But we love to perform for our loyal fans. John Cena is a great example. He's been the top guy for 10-12 years because he is a beast. A badass. Now, would I put him in UFC against one of their top fighters? Hell no. Cena is not a fighter. In reality, he would most likely get crushed in 20 seconds. But the fact that he has endured being on top for so long in pro wrestling makes him a badass.
UFC isn't for everyone, and neither is pro wrestling. You need to be a badass to do both, but in very different ways. I trained in MMA and Olympic Wrestling for years. The training is insane. But performing In front of thousands of people, while taking bumps and getting thrown over the top rope (or doing a moonsault from the top rope) definitely makes you a badass in another way, because you're heaping unparalleled abuse on your body. So PLEASE know what you're talking about before you make a stupid comment. Brock Lesnar, Ken Shamrock and yours truly have dabbled in both MMA and pro wrestling and our comments remain the same. That wrestling is without a doubt the toughest thing we've ever done. So Conor and Dana, I welcome you to get in the ring with me and show me what you're made of. I guarantee that you will quit long before I do. And that, my friend, is damn true!! It's damn real!!
It wasn't the moment when the car started driving itself that got me. I was expecting that. It was when the car, on autopilot, approached a line of vehicles stopped at a red light. With my foot anxiously hovering over the brake pedal, the car eased itself to a stop and I breathed a little sigh of relief. This autopilot thing just might work.
Reams of ink have been spilled in recent weeks over the release of the new electric Tesla Model S and its innovative autopilot mode, which is the car industry's latest step toward fully autonomous vehicles. Most of that ink has been gushinginpraise. So when I was offered a test drive by Tesla, in anticipation of the Friday opening of the U.S. company's store in Chinook Centre, its first in Calgary, I jumped at the chance.
So why is a guy who spends most of his commuting time on a bike, and the rest of it complaining about having to drive, testing a car? I admit to lacking a little immunity to the tech-industry buzz over Tesla and its founder Elon Musk. And Tesla's autopilot just sounded really cool. But mostly I'm interested in the implications of autonomous vehicles on our lives.
One of the reasons I love cycling is what it does for cities. I love how people on bikes tend to calm the buzz of traffic. I love how bikes bring a little more humanity to our streets. I love how riding a bike connects us more closely to our communities and neighbourhoods. Cars tend to do the opposite of all of that.
I've been closely watching the development of self-driving vehicles for years, mostly with a sense of dread. I'm no futurist, but it's not a leap to think anything that makes driving easier will make some of our acute urban problems worse. More cars, more congestion, and more demand for limited space.
Still, I'll refrain from the long-view speculation in favour of the reality facing us right now. Tesla's Model S isn't an autonomous vehicle. It still requires an attentive and responsible driver. But being behind the wheel gave me something new to think about.
The car, as a piece of technology, is dazzling. Driving it reminded me of the first time I used an iPhone, equal parts tech-geek-out and baffling magic. It feels like the future. Watch the video above for more on the car, and my rather embarrassing reactions to it (keep in mind, I normally drive a 2008 four-door Toyota with rust spots, and not a luxury vehicle that can run you up to $100,000).
What lingered on my mind after driving the Tesla (other than my whiplash-induced neck stiffness from the aptly named Ludicrous Speed mode) was the autopilot mode. After I got over the initial buzz at having the car steer itself, the experience felt — and I'm struggling to think of the right word here — civilized. In a less charitable mood, I might even say it was kind of boring. I don't mean that in a negative way. It may be the saving grace of autopilot.
One of the challenges of walking or riding a bike in most North American cities these days is the hostility created by the sheer volume of cars. Cyclists and pedestrians are always having to look over their shoulder lest some distracted hockey dad tries to tweet his lunch while barrelling onto a sidewalk.
Those are human failings, precipitated mostly by emotion and irrationality. In the Tesla, once I locked into autopilot mode, I felt, in a small way, those emotions fade. I simply sat back and watched. I was still responsible, so I wasn't going to have a nap, but that low-level car-crash anxiety that most of us have embedded felt dialled down a notch. I don't want to overstate things, but turning over the massive responsibility of driving felt good. It felt like the difference between driving and being a passenger. Have you ever seen a passenger have a case of road rage or distracted driving?
If our current fleet of motor vehicles is transformed over the coming decades to autopilots or autonomous vehicles, our biggest urban transportation problem — congestion — won't be solved. It might even be exacerbated. That's a problem we need to truly need to face.
Until then, however, if the technology can make roads safer, quieter and cleaner (thanks, electric engine) and a little more civilized for people walking, cycling and driving, it can't be all bad. I don't plan on giving up my bike any time soon, but if I'm surrounded by cars being autopiloted, my commute might get a little bit better.
Drop me a line on Twitter at Twitter.com/TomBabin, on Facebook at Facebook.com/tom.babin, or by e-mail at tbabin@calgaryherald.com.
Check out my book Frostbike: The Joy, Pain and Numbness of Winter Cycling.
Popular finance guru Kevin O'Leary says he'll invest $1 million in Canadian oil industries — if NDP Premier Rachel Notley resigns. The former Dragon's Den host was speaking on Newstalk 1010's Live Drive radio program about the downturn in the Canadian dollar and economy, largely caused by sinking oil prices.
“Please step down, please, do it for Canadians,” begged Kevin O'Leary to Rachel Notley, speaking on Newstalk 1010's Live Drive radio program. ( Mark Davis / GETTY IMAGES )
“I mean no disrespect when I say this but here's my offer: I'll invest $1 million in Canadian energy companies if out of grace and for the absolute good of Canada the premier of Alberta resigns,” O'Leary said. “I wouldn't touch them now because she doesn't know what she's doing.” “Please step down, please, do it for Canadians,” he begged.
Article Continued Below
O'Leary attributed layoffs and the plummeting dollar on the inexperience of Notley's government and poor policy choices, specifically, hikes in corporate tax rate and uncertainty about royalties. “The Alberta government is in free fall, there's total chaos there,” he said. “It's like a horror movie, it's an unbelievable series of events.” The results of a review of Alberta's oil royalty policies have been delayed a few more weeks, stirring up angst amongst energy industry insiders who fear a hike in fees while oil continues to deflate. Notley's government also approved a corporate tax hike that would see the rate increase by two percentage points, up 12 per cent from 10 cent, last summer.
The industry is also dealing with higher fees for larger carbon emitters and is awaiting the implementation of a broad-based $3-billion a year carbon tax. Oil has plummeted to about $30 (U.S.) a barrel from a high of $100 for West Texas Intermediate in 2014. In the process it has sucked $6 billion out of the Alberta budget this year alone and contributed to job losses in the tens of thousands.
Article Continued Below
Outside of Alberta, the unemployment rate has remained relatively stable but the Canadian loonie has fallen to 70 cents on the U.S. dollar. Although O'Leary's promise of $1 million isn't exactly chump change, it should be noted that in 2014, natural resource companies invested $126 billion, about half of the total non-residential capital investments in Canada, according to Natural Resources Canada. With files from The Canadian Press Correction: Jan 12, 2016: This article was edited from a previous version to make clear the tax hike of the Notley government.
Read more about:
edIT
Crying Over Pros For No Reason
(Planet Mu, 2004)
When I discovered the debut album from Los Angeles producer edIT, born Edward Ma, I didn't quite know what to make of it. I knew I liked it – a lot, in fact, and enough to become obsessed with it. I also knew, without necessarily being able to explain why at first, that it was the future. Crying Over Pros is many things: a debut album, an oddity at the time of release, a blueprint for things to come, and a musical letter to love lost. It's also, as far as this writer is concerned, a stone-cold classic of modern hip hop. Nearly ten years on, it's a record I still draw for regularly.
I was introduced to Crying Over Pros For No Reason shortly after its 2004 release on Planet Mu thanks to two close friends who were both excited by the music. This was around the same time I'd discovered Prefuse 73, and the music on edIT's debut certainly fit the same vibe of “what the f*ck is this?!” that many of us in our close circle were seeking at the time. Hip hop by then had become a strange beast: the underground was mostly boring, sticking largely to backpack small-mindedness, while the mainstream (ironically) offered more excitement, though I wasn't fully tuned into it. And so I delved further and further into the weirder corners of the music, which is where I found edIT's debut.
How Ma came to make Crying Over Pros is tied to his origins as an artist. Ma went to USC where he befriended fellow visionary Daedelus and dublab founder Frosty, in the process learning to DJ and make beats. Using the name The Con Artist, he started producing hip hop for local underground MCs and DJing at the Konkrete Jungle parties organised by Daddy Kev and drum'n'bass producer Hive. These experiences settled the twin pillars of Ma's musical grounding. As he recalled when I spoke to him in 2008, he was by the late '90s a “hip hop and drum'n'bass purist”. The missing ingredient for his debut, and shift to edIT, was gifted to him by his roommate at the time. “My roommate was into collecting all these weird records by people like Squarepusher, Boards of Canada, Aphex Twin. I'd never even heard of them but I'd always walk past his room and hear the craziest electronic music.” With those three things in hand – hip hop, drum'n'bass and electronic music of the so-called IDM variety – Ma set about writing his debut album.
“Ten years on, it still somehow sounds like the future to me.”
Crying Over Pros is, at its core, a hip hop album, albeit one that had no raps, pushing it into the dreaded instrumental sub-genre. But then it also had little of the sonic qualities of much of the instrumental hip hop that preceded it. It was quite unlike anything else before it, without any obvious scene or genre to belong to. Like other visionary releases of the time from the likes of Prefuse 73 and Dabrye, Crying Over Pros was hip hop if you accepted that hip hop didn't have to be defined by its twin poles of mainstream and underground, or by the standard aesthetics most people pulled from. edIT sought UK label Planet Mu because he was a fan of their output but also because he understood – consciously or not – that such an unconventional album needed an unconventional home. Despite having interest from another, US-based label, the album ended up on Planet Mu after Mike Paradinas got in touch to say how much he liked it. Speaking to Paradinas recently about the release, he recounted how Ma's vision struck a chord with him and how he also saw the album as hip hop, albeit with a twist.
Aside from the origin stories and context, what is it that made Crying Over Pros such a groundbreaking, and important, album? Well, if I was to try and summarise it in one sentence, I'd say it's the fusion of organic and digital, and how this fusion was shaped sonically to achieve a sound that is much more than the sum of its parts. That sound unfortunately came to be defined by its most obvious sonic trait, glitch, thus ghettoising the album into various bullshit niche genres instead of letting it be understood on its own terms. According to Paradinas, the album sold poorly in the US and fared better in Europe, but didn't really take off until years later and is now a strong part of the Mu back catalogue. It was, basically, ahead of its time.
The music's organic quality is found primarily in the melodies (gentle guitars and keys that are littered throughout the tracks), the found sounds (smoking, talking and shuffling among others) and, above all, the drums, which rhythmically take their cue from earlier The Con Artist material. The digital quality is found in the sonic processing these different parts are subjected to. Rhythms and melodies are processed and twisted beyond recognition, subjected to a series of processes and effects that fragment them into shards of their former selves. The only thing left (almost) untouched is the low end, crafted to be loud but warm, at times almost all enveloping. Granted, none of this was arguably new at the time, but it's the way in which Ma made sense of it all – hip hop's organic qualities, IDM's digital mindfucking and drum'n'bass' low-end – that sets Crying Over Pros apart. Unlike so much of the experimental electronic music it so clearly referenced, it was instantly accessible thanks to the easy grooves of hip hop it used to anchor itself. While your brain tried to figure out what the hell was happening to the sounds you were hearing, your head was nodding, and your feet were tapping. It combined mental and physical pleasure.
While the album's stylistic cues are important in helping to understand its place in the modern hip hop canon, as well as why it sounds the way it does, there's a more personal element to Crying Over Pros that fully completes it and makes it the powerful piece of work it is. The album drew as much from Ma's fascination with the music he'd encountered and been a part of as it did from his own emotions and personal path to this point. “It's about all the [women] that could've been, all the ones that'll never be and all the ones that got away. And I think everyone has experienced that feeling before.” Even the title is a reference to this, albeit a slightly blurred one, as Ma decided to replace a certain derogatory slang term for women with ‘pros' in order to not be too obvious or disrespectful. Crying Over Pros is therefore a record about that perennial source of inspiration for art: loss and heartbreak. And it's this last ingredient that gives it a timeless quality.
The album is composed of ten tracks and runs under 45 minutes. It's short and to the point. It doesn't linger on or indulge in experimental noodling for the sake of it. While there isn't a lot of variation between all the tracks, most of them follow similar structures and rely on similar ideas, approaches and treatments, the sequencing makes the most of this shortcoming and adds coherence to the listening experience. There are some standout cuts – ‘Ashtray', ‘Laundry' and ‘Dex' – yet I find myself hard pressed to say if any of it is better or worse than the rest. Crying Over Pros needs to be listened to, understood and most importantly felt as a whole. It's an album you put on and smoke cigarettes to while contemplating your life. It's an album I put on because, after nearly ten years, it still gives me goosebumps and makes me feel something that ultimately even words can't quite explain.
“It's an album you put on and smoke cigarettes to while contemplating your life.”
The legacy of Crying Over Pros is twofold. Firstly, there are the sonics. The music's glitchy quality, which unfortunately came to define it due to the inherent mental laziness of our species, certainly provided one obvious blueprint for what would follow in the rest of the decade. The sounds that Ma squeezed out of the music on his debut would soon become easier to achieve thanks to increasingly rapid technological evolution, and in turn they became lazy signifiers rather than powerful sonic building blocks.
Then there is the fact that Crying Over Pros remains a blueprint, one of many from the same era, of how hip hop would come to re-embrace its electronic roots. With the benefit of hindsight, it's little wonder that Ma would join the ranks of people like Prefuse and Dabrye in predicting the future of hip hop. They all had a love for the music and culture, but also had roots and interests in dance music and experimental electronic music. Ultimately, hip hop has always been electronic music, not least because of the machines used to make it. Somewhere along the way, we, as a collective, came to separate the two, and Crying Over Pros is part of a body of work from artists around the world that, over the course of more than a decade, has helped to bring them back together – exactly where, one could argue, they always belonged. As it happens, a few years after this release Ma would end up in High-end Theory's original resident line up, rejoining his old partner in crime Daddy Kev and helping to herald the next evolution of the Los Angeles hip hop underground that has had a firm hand in this shift.
Ultimately, Crying Over Pros‘ most important achievement is its lasting quality, and how its sonic makeup has continued to stand head and shoulders above the thousands of copycats it spawned. Ten years on, it still somehow sounds like the future to me. But I actually live in the future now – and so the music is less visionary and more fitting to the current times. I wonder if that'll still be the case in ten years.
BY DANIEL GAITAN | daniel@lifemattersmedia.org
In the first six months since California's new “Death with Dignity” law took effect, 111 terminally ill people took their lives with doctor-prescribed drugs, according to a state health department report.
The report, released this summer, offers an early glimpse of the Californians who took advantage of the controversial law.
California passed the End of Life Option Act last spring, despite strong opposition from social conservatives and some physicians organizations.
California, the nation's most populous state, is the fifth state in the country to enact such legislation. The law is modeled on Oregon's 1997 law.
Since taking effect on Dec. 31, 250 people applied for the program. Under the law, terminally ill patients must submit two oral requests (a minimum of 15 days apart) and one written request to his or her attending physician. The written request must also be signed in front of two witnesses. They must attest that the patient is of sound mind and not being coerced.
The patient must also self-administer the drugs.
Of the 250 applicants, 191 (76 percent) received prescriptions written by more than 170 physicians. According to state data, 111 people took them and died, and 21 died of natural causes before taking them.
Most of the people who took their lives were white, college-educated seniors who were receiving some level of comfort care. Just over half were women.
Sixty-five people were facing cancers, while 20 had neuromuscular disorders such as ALS, also known as Lou Gehrig's disease. The rest had other conditions.
The rate for those who died from life-ending drugs was 6.06 per 10,000 total deaths based on 183,265 deaths in California from June 9 to Dec. 31, 2016.
The Maynard effect
Proponents of the practice used the high-profile death of 29-year-old cancer patient Brittany Maynard to generate support in the nation's most populous state.
In 2014, Maynard was diagnosed with an aggressive glioblastoma and was given six months to live. Maynard and her husband, Dan Diaz, moved from California to Oregon to obtain doctor-prescribed barbiturates.
Working with the right-to-die advocacy group Compassion & Choices, Maynard used her story to raise awareness about the practice and inspire other terminally ill Americans to end their lives on similar terms.
Many physicians, bioethicists and religious leaders caution that physician-assisted suicide is incompatible with physicians' primary role as healer and would foster resentment towards sick people hoping to live as long as possible.
The American Medical Association, the nation's largest physicians organization, strongly opposes the practice.
From: "Old Soldier" [Send him mail]
Attached are three photos my wife and I took at Vatican City in Rome in June, 2015.
One photo shows some more of the Vatican Walls, although not as dramatically as the one Mr Fulford ran.
The other two photos are of Italian Army troops deployed at the base of the Vatican City walls on the "Italian" side in Rome.
To my professional eye it appeared an infantry company minus was on duty around the Vatican City perimeter. I expect the remainder of this unit's parent infantry battalion was located nearby and ready to reinforce at short notice.
Inside Vatican City we only saw two Swiss Guards in their traditional ceremonial uniforms. These were at a portico under St Peters. The rest of the Swiss Guards were in their simple duty blue uniforms. All of them were packing pistols. Plenty of armed Vatican City police were visible, too.
Whatever public hypocrisy Francis and his minions indulge themselves with about immigrants, walls and border guards, he and his hierarchy clearly regard themselves as being under constant direct threat of lethal violence originating from "migrant" people who are alien to the Vatican City state.
Gardai were forced "to take evasive action to avoid being knocked down" when a man drove towards them on the wrong side of the road.
Gardai were forced "to take evasive action to avoid being knocked down" when a man drove towards them on the wrong side of the road.
Uninsured driver driving down wrong side of road found to be five times over legal limit
The driver (40s) was arrested after he approached the checkpoint in Co Kildare at around midnight last night.
Officers on duty were dealing with another incident - with another car which had no tax or NCT - when the car came towards them.
According to a tweet from the official Garda account, the uninsured driver was also five times over the legal alcohol limit.
The man was arrested and later charged with driving under the influence of alcohol.
Naas Traf Corps arrest uninsured driver 5 times ovr limit.Gardaí had to take evasive action to avoid being knocked down.Arrested & charged pic.twitter.com/C5yifV8Yvl — An Garda Síochána (@GardaTraffic) January 14, 2017
Online Editors
UPDATE — Cloud Shadows and Bluish Coloration
Layer analysis of the November 27 MODIS satellite image in bands M 1-12 reveals two cloud shadows near the suspect melt pond (an issue that commentators Hendrick and Sammy raise in discussion below). The separate true color image provides comparison and generates the impression that the suspect melt pond is simply a remnant cloud shadow from the kidney-shaped cloud in the M 1-12 band image.
The cloud shadows move from frame-to-frame providing a further negative confirmation.
Though it is now certain that the large blue blotch in this satellite image is not a melt pond, a bluish coloration appearing over a broad swath of the above region in both the November 27 and November 28 image frames appears to indicate the presence of surface melt. So the downsloping wind related warming may well have produced a more subtle surface melt for this region of East Antarctica.
UPDATE 2 — Small Melt Ponds Visible in Hi Res Satellite Imagery
High resolution satellite imagery confirms surface melt in the region of recent föhn wind activity on November 27 through 28. Note the ponding and bluing in this close-up shot from the S2A instrument.
(Surface melt visible along the Scott Coast in East Antarctica. Edge of frame for the above image is approximately two miles. Hat tip to Darvince, Tealight and the Arctic Sea Ice Forum. )
So it appears that this abnormal weather/climate event did result in springtime melt in East Antarctica — if not at the scale initially feared. Still rather concerning.
*****
It's right there in the satellite image. A swatch of blue that seems to indicate an approximate 2-mile long melt lake formed over the surface of East Antarctica in just one day. If confirmed, this event would be both odd and concerning. A part of the rising signal that melt stresses for the largest mass of land ice on the planet are rapidly increasing.
(Possible large melt lake on the surface of an ice shelf along the Scott Coast appears in this NASA satellite image. The melt lake seems to have formed after just one day during which föhn winds ran downslope from the Transantarctic Mountain Range — providing a potential period of rapid heating of the glacier surface.)
Surface Melt Now Showing Up in East Antarctica
While scientists and environmentalists are understandably concerned about ocean warming melting the undersides of sea-fronting West Antarctic glaciers — resulting in risks for rapid sea level rise for the near future, another consequence of global warming is also starting to have a more visible impact on the frozen and now thawing continent. Surface melt, which was hitherto unheard of for most of East Antarctica, is now starting to pop up with increasing frequency.
East Antarctica, according to Stewart Jamieson, a glaciologist at Durham University in the U.K., is “the part of the continent where people have for quite a long time assumed that it's relatively stable, there's not a huge amount of change, it's very, very cold, and so, it's only very recently that the first supraglacial lakes, on top of the ice, were identified.”
But now, even in austral springtime, we find evidence of surface melt in the satellite record.
On November 27, 2016, what looks like an approximate 2 mile long melt pond appeared in a section of ice shelf along the Scott Coast and just North of the Drygalski Ice Tongue in the region of McMurdo Sound. The suspect lake — which is visible as a light blue swatch at center mass in the NASA-MODIS satellite image above — suddenly showed up in the November 27 satellite image along a region where only white ice was visible before. And it appears in a region of East Antarctica that, before human-forced warming altered the typically-stable Antarctic climate, had rarely, if ever, seen surface melt.
(Near melting point temperatures appear along the Scott Coast in conjunction with an apparent föhn wind event. Image source: Earth Nullschool.)
The pond shows up coordinate with recorded near 0 C surface temperatures in the GFS monitor for November 26-27 and along with evidence of downsloping (föhn) winds. GFS indicators show downsloping winds gusting to in excess of 50 mph over the period. Such winds have the potential in increase surface temperatures by as much as 14 degrees Celsius in a matter of minutes. And they have, increasingly, produced surface glacial melt events in regions of Greenland and Antarctica during recent years.
Surface Melt as a Feature of Glacial Destabilization
Supraglacial lake is just another word for a surface glacial melt lake. And these new lakes pose a big issue for ice sheet stability. Surface melt lakes are darker than white glacier surfaces. They act as lenses that focus sunlight. And the comparatively warm waters of these lakes can flood into the glacier itself — increasing the overall heat energy of the ice mass.
(A NASA researcher investigates a surface melt pond in Greenland. During recent years, this climate change related features have become more common in Antarctica. Image source: NASA.)
But water at the glacier surface doesn't just sit there. It often bores down into the ice sheet — producing impacts for months and years after the surface lake's formation. Sub surface lakes can form in the shadow of surface ponds. Transferring heat into the glacier year after year. In other cases, water from these lakes punches all the way to the glacier's base. There is the added lubrication of water speeds the glacier's flow. All of these processes generate stresses and make glaciers less stable. And it is the presence of surface melt ponds that has been responsible for so much of Greenland's speeding melt during recent years.
Now, a similar process is impacting the largest concentration of land ice on the planet. And while Greenland holds enough ice to raise sea levels by around 21 feet, East Antarctica contains enough to lift the world's oceans by about 195 feet. Surface melt there, as a result, produces considerably more risk to the coastal cities of the world.
Links:
NASA-MODIS (#ThanksNASA)
These Stunning Blue Lakes Give us New Reason to Worry About Antarctica
Earth Nullschool
New Maps Chart Greenland Glaciers' Melting Risk
Hat tip to Shawn Redmond (and a special thanks for being the first here to ID the rather odd apparent melt pond forming along the Scott Coast.)
Advertisements
Get the Most Popular Mstars News
So, will Eminem surprise fans with a totally unexpected album release on Black Friday (November 27)?
UPDATE: Eminem New 'Black Friday' Album FAKE! 'Roots' Tracklist Release HOAX Resurfaces On Twitter
Probably not. But according to the unofficial "Interscope Leaks" Twitter page, Shady's highly-anticipated ninth studio record is a delux edition with 25 new songs. Check out the unconfirmed tracklist for Roots that supposedly leaked online earlier this week:
Disc 1:
1. Intro
2. So Ironic
3. Waste Away
4. Cold (featuring Elton John)
5. However I Can (featuring Kendrick Lamar)
6. Light Up
7. Fire Within (featuring Yelawolf)
8. Roots
9. Backin' It Up (featuring Dr. Dre)
10. Suicidal, Suicidal
11. What Do U Want
12. Lost It All
13. Never Gave A F*ck (featuring 50 Cent)
14. Heroine (featuring Adele)
15. Dear Marshall
16. My Three Ladies
17. Where Do I Go? (Skit)
18. Could It Be
19. The End (Skit)
Disc 2:
20. No Love Lost (featuring Tech N9ne)
21. Metropolis (featuring Slaughterhouse)
22. E.R. (featuring Rihanna)
23. Out Of Hell (featuring Royce Da 5' 9")
24. The Revelation Has Come (featuring D12).
25. Nobody's Iller (2015 Version)
@InterscopeLeaks: "OFFICIAL INTERSCOPE DOCUMENT - #Roots is real. NEW EMINEM ALBUM COMING BLACK FRIDAY! Spread the word!" (November 16)
Yeah, right - if only!
Unfortunately, this viral "leak" is probably another bogus hoax.
But who really knows, right? Several fans are still freaking-out online:
@dwade0332: "Is this legit?? are u serious?"
@InFurboofficial: "...do you believe in this?"
@anditbecameart: "take this down smh."
@VShady17: "#Stans are so desperate for new Eminem music they're making fake album covers & tracklists [crying] @rosenberg."
Well, the infamous "Rap God" has yet to mention anything on Instagram. For now, MstarsNews readers can assume that this alleged album (with a slew of awesome hip-hop collaborations) doesn't actually exist (yet). If anything, the MMLP2 superstar MIGHT drop fresh beats sometime in 2016 -not by the end of this month.
Meanwhile, Loyal #Stans continue waiting for some REAL music news updates from the legendary Detroit emcee...
RELATED: Eminem & Rihanna 'The Monster' Remix: 'My Parents Are Dorks' Cover Amuses YouTube [WATCH]
© 2019 Mstars News, All rights reserved. Do not reproduce without permission.
Advertisement
Silence Is The Enemy June 1, 2009
This morning begins a coordinated blogospheric effort to draw attention to the ongoing horror of mass rape of women and girls in Liberia, which continues despite the end of civil war:
Jackie is too young to remember the 14-year civil war in Liberia, from 1989 to 2003, when as many as three-fourths of women is raped. Jackie's world is one of a bustling, recovering Liberia with a free press and democratically elected leaders. Yet somehow mass rape survived the end of the war; it has been easier to get men to relinquish their guns than their sense of sexual entitlement. So the security guard at Jackie's school, a man in his 50s, took the little girl to the beach where, she said, he stripped her and raped her. Finally, he ran off as she lay bleeding and sobbing on the sand.
Mass rape and torture of women and girls also continues in the Congo:
Nothing I have heard or seen compares with what is going on in the Democratic Republic of Congo, where corporate greed, fueled by capitalist consumption, and the rape of women have merged into a single nightmare. Femicide, the systematic and planned destruction of the female population, is being used as a tactic of war to clear villages, pillage mines and destroy the fabric of Congolese society. In 12 years, there have been 6 million dead men and women in Congo and 1.4 million people displaced. Hundreds and thousands of women and girls have been raped and tortured. Babies as young as 6 months, women as old as 80, their insides torn apart. What I witnessed in Congo has shattered and changed me forever. I will never be the same. None of us should ever be the same.
A number of bloggers are coordinating our efforts to call attention to this horrible situation and mobilize activism and financial support to end systematic mass rape in Africa. Here are some things you can do:
(1) Visit the blogs of Isis the Scientist, Tara Smith's Aetiology, and Sheril Kirshenbaum's The Intersection. They will be donating their revenues for page views to Doctors Without Borders, and they will be posting on an ongoing basis about this situation.
(2) Donate to Doctors Without Borders, who are leading the effort to provide medical treatment to women and girls who have been grievously harmed.
(3) Write to your representatives and senators in Congress to urge them to use the diplomatic power of the United States to end this horrible situation. You can use this directory to obtain the contact information for your representative and senators by typing in your zip code.
(4) You can blog about this yourself to call attention to our efforts.
UPDATE: A Facebook page has been created to help with coordinating our efforts.
UPDATE 2: Here is a more complete list of science blogs that are donating their revenues for this month to Doctors Without Borders. So get fucking clicking!
http://blogs.discovermagazine.com/intersection/
http://scienceblogs.com/isisthescientist/
http://scienceblogs.com/aetiology/
http://scienceblogs.com/bioephemera/
http://scienceblogs.com/neurotopia/
http://scienceblogs.com/authority/
http://scienceblogs.com/drugmonkey/
http://scienceblogs.com/ethicsandscience/
Growing up in New Jersey, we had a selection of shore towns to visit during the summer. Where you went was largely based on where you parent had been taken as a kid. My parents were both Asbury Park people. As Asbury Park's glory days faded though we moved to other boardwalks, chiefly Pt. Pleasant and Seaside Heights.
Those were exciting summer days and this commercial captures a lot of the magic I expected to find on the boardwalk at Seaside Heights. From the pizza to the rides to the video games, everything I liked about summer could be found on a boardwalk.
I hope you enjoy the commercial and that it gives you a taste of what the shore means to a lot of people who grew up within driving distance of it. Please stay after the commercial though, because the person who posted this video found the pre-edited footage shot for this commercial and included it. They have great shots of the beaches and boardwalk, Rainbow Rapids, Maruca's Pizza, Razzles nightclub, Pac Man, Casino Pier, Sun-N-Fun signs, stands, The Carousel, Dotty's, The Berkeley Sweet Shop, Sonny's & Rickey's, Midway Steaks, the rides The Barnegat Bay, crabbing, fishing, boardwalk wheels and much much more.
This is the Jersey Shore, before “The Jersey Shore”.
If you upgrade iOS with iTunes, your device will be un-jailbroken and Cydia packages will be deleted. Before upgrading iOS, make sure a jailbreak is available for the new version.
Can I upgrade/downgrade iOS to any version? What is SHSH?
Where can I find reliable jailbreaking news and help?
Which free tools can I use to jailbreak eligible iOS versions?
As of September 8, 2015
No jailbreak for 8.4.1
Currently there is no jailbreak for iOS 8.4.1. Avoid upgrading or restoring if you want a jailbroken device.
If you want to wipe all data on your device without upgrading the iOS, consider trying Cydia Impactor.
For frequently updated news, see /r/jailbreak on Reddit.
Untethered jailbreak for 8.1.3-8.4
TaiG has released an untethered jailbreak for iOS 8.1.3-8.4.
You can download it from http://www.taig.com/en/ for Windows and Mac.
For news, follow @TaiG_jailbreak.
Dwyane Wade​​ was heated after the Bulls' late-game collapse in their 119-114 loss to the Atlanta Hawks on Wednesday at the United Center, and he was in a finger-pointing mood.
The Bulls led by were up 110-100 after Wade's jumper with 3:02 remaining in the game, but the Hawks went on a 19-2 run to take over the game.
Everything went wrong for the Bulls down the stretch, but Wade, who scored 33 points, called out the Bulls' stalled offense as the biggest culprit for defeat. Taj Gibson, Paul Zipser, and Nikola Mirotic all missed big 3-pointers with under five minutes to go, and Wade did not approve of their shot selection.
Here's the three controversial end-of-game 3-pointers that the Bulls missed. Looked like decent shots to me. pic.twitter.com/lNIjuZXnzE — Stephen Noh (@hungarianjordan) January 26, 2017
“If you're going to shoot, you better have made that shot a lot and you better have put the work in,” Wade told reporters after the game. “And I don't see that enough.”
Jimmy Butler said, “I understand if you've got an open shot take it. But at a point in the game like that, you gotta get the ball to your best players.”
Butler, who led the Bulls with 40 points, at least has license to talk. He's been the Bulls' best player in the clutch and has shot a respectable 42 percent in those situations.
It is more than a little bit hypocritical though for Wade to criticize his teammates for poor shot selection late in games.
Wade has connected on just 31.7 percent of his shots in the clutch as defined by NBA Stats. He isn't the same player he was in his prime, and he's nowhere close to efficient as a late-game option any more. The shots that the Bulls missed were good, clean looks, and they were much better than what Wade has generally produced at the end of games.
Wade continued to throw his teammates under the bus in his post-game comments, calling for his teammates to give better effort on the floor.
“Everyone doesn't care enough,” Wade said. “You got to care enough, man. It's got to mean that much to you to want to win.”
I've watched all Bulls game this year, and I can definitively state that the players that have given the least effort defensively have been Rajon Rondo and Wade. Check out Wade's effort from the Bulls' Tuesday game against the Orlando Magic, as the announcers openly wondered why he wasn't trying on defense.
Wade waits for the other team to score rather than getting back on defense. pic.twitter.com/YKaxireeJY — Stephen Noh (@hungarianjordan) January 25, 2017
Those types of plays have become the new normal for Wade. He's still a valuable player, but his defense is nowhere close to what it once was. Wade's whining at officials has been well-documented by national writers for years. He won't get back on transition defense, choosing to concede points in favor of complaining about calls. Even when he has nothing to argue about, his effort is abysmal on defense.
Wade was having a good scoring game and rightfully bemoaned the Bulls' offensive production in the fourth quarter, but their defense was the real problem. The Bulls' 31 points in the fourth was plenty, but they gave up 41 points to the Hawks, which marked a season-high.
Furthermore, the veterans were the ones to blame. Wade, Butler and Robin Lopez were all a team-worst minus-9 in the fourth quarter, while the young players who played in the start of the period were between a minus-1 and a minus-4.
The Hawks made four-of-five 3-pointers in the last five minutes of the game to come back from a double-digit deficit. Wade and Butler were responsible for three of those 3-pointers. While Butler got screened on the 3-pointer he gave up, Wade's were due to sheer laziness.
On one late basket, Wade jogged leisurely back on defense, allowing Kent Bazemore to sprint in front of him. Butler was forced to help over, and the Hawks got an open corner 3-pointer as a result.
@andykarns here's the video of wade jogging back. There are only a few minutes left, he's gotta sprint back on defense. pic.twitter.com/j9pcDiATpG — Stephen Noh (@hungarianjordan) January 26, 2017
On another, Wade inexplicably left Dennis Schroder one pass away to gamble for a steal. Bazemore made a very easy pass to get Schroder the 3-pointer.
Mistakes happen on defensive possessions all the time, but breakdowns due to effort are inexcusable. What's even worse is that Wade called out young teammates that weren't nearly as responsible as he was for the abhorrent defense.
“I'm not at home with people but I don't know if I see enough guys who really, really want it,” Wade said.
If he hadn't dug a deep enough grave for his teammates, he said, “I'm 35 years old, man. I've got three championships. It shouldn't hurt me more than it hurts these young guys. They have to want it.”
Wade's comments reek of hypocrisy. He's the team's highest-paid player, earning over $23 million this season. Most of his teammates haven't even sniffed that for their entire career, and they are starving for the type of opportunity that Wade gets every single game. Yet Wade is the one that has been walking back on defense while they sit quietly on the bench.
Wade's teammate Jerian Grant, who very likely wasn't the target of Wade's choicest comments, did not seem to be happy with Wade after the game.
I've played this game since I was 4yrs old. Basketball is in my blood and means way more to me than just a paycheck. — Jerian Grant (@JerianGrant) January 26, 2017
Tough loss, that hurt for sure. But I play hard TO WIN every second I'm out there, and grind everyday for everything I have. — Jerian Grant (@JerianGrant) January 26, 2017
Wade was brought to Chicago in part to be a leader. Natural post-game emotions aside, I don't see what he's accomplishing here. That is not the way to lead, and he needs to be more supportive of his less-talented teammates. Wade played well overall, but the loss was on every single player. That includes him.
To help you get started with PHP on App Engine, we've built a collection of getting started guides, samples, codelabs and interactive tutorials that walk through creating your code, using our APIs and services, and deploying to production.
When running PHP on App Engine, you can use the tools and databases you already know and love, including Laravel, Symfony, Wordpress, or any other web framework. You can also use MongoDB, MySQL, or Cloud Datastore to store your data. And while the runtime is flexible enough to manage most applications and services, if you want more control over the underlying infrastructure, you can easily migrate to Google Container Engine or Google Compute Engine.
Deploying to App Engine on PHP 7.1
To deploy a simple application to App Engine on PHP 7.1, download and install the Google Cloud SDK . Once you've done this, run the following commands:
Unfortunately, we don't have anyone at the DICE summit this year. Something about me blowing our entire 2009 budget on Bob the Builder DVDs, Skittles, and zombie make-up. (Don't ask.)
So it's a good thing MTV Multiplayer's Stephen Totilo is there to hear stuff like this: this afternoon Electronic Art's John Riccitiello mentioned that there will be a new installment to American McGee's Alice series this year. As I was writing this, EA hit our inbox with a press release which clarifies that the title will come to Xbox 360, PlayStation 3, and PC in 2009. It's being developed by McGee's Shanghai-based Spicy Horse studio, most recently responsible for the GameTap-episodic-exclusive, Grimm.
Originally released in 2000 for PCs, Alice was a third-person action title that was a twisted take on the Alice in Wonderland story through the eyes of game designer American McGee. Word of the title being spun off into a film (and being ported to the consoles) never quite panned out. Perhaps this sequel will give the series some much-needed new life.
EA AND SPICY HORSE RETURN TO WONDERLAND
American McGee and EA Reunite For the Next Chapter in EA's Classic Alice Franchise
Guildford, UK. – February 19, 2009 – Electronic Arts Inc (NASDAQ: ERTS) and Spicy Horse today announced that they have signed a publishing deal for an all-new title based on EA's 2000 classic, American McGee's Alice™. The game reunites EA with American McGee, the creative visionary behind the original game. The new title is in development for the PC, PLAYSTATION®3 computer entertainment system and Xbox 360® video game console.
“This new project is a dream come true for me and the fans who've kept the Alice flame alive,” said American McGee, senior creative director at Spicy Horse. “EA gave us creative latitude and support on the original game which resulted in something beautiful and daring. This trip through the looking glass promises to be even more exciting.”
“EA Partners is thrilled to team up with American McGee and Spicy Horse on the next installment of the Alice franchise,” said David DeMartini, senior vice president and general manager of EA Partners. “American McGee's interpretation of Alice was an instant classic, and EA Partners is ready to help him bring his innovative vision for the franchise to even darker, more exciting places.”
Spicy Horse was represented in the deal by CAA and Weissman Wolff.
You are logged out. Login | Sign up
Click to open photo gallery:
Pineapple is not related to the pines, nor is it an apple. In fact, it isn't even a single fruit. This tropical fruit is actually a group of berries. How, then, did it get its name?
Based on its resemblance to pine cones, the Spanish called it “the pine of the Indies”, whereas the English found it to be as sweet as an apple. Therefore, the joint name. Speaking of joint, pineapple is actually a group of berries fused together (coalesced fruit). They grow together on the central, fleshy stalk, and as each flower develops into fruit, the mass of individual berries comes together.
This unique fruit is a favorite for food and dessert the world over. It has multiple benefits for the skin, the hair, and overall health. Its manganese content strengthens the bones, the antioxidant content keeps you looking young, and its bromelain helps prevent sinusitis. Pineapple is also known to have anti-cancer properties. Not to forget, it tastes delicious. So the next time you eat pineapple, remember that you're really eating a bunch of berries.
Read More:
Detox Juice With Pineapple And Turmeric
Pineapple Aloha Rice
Healthy Dessert Recipe: Lemon-Pineapple Sorbet
It's been fifteen years since the Strokes' released Is This It. Today we appreciate the decline of the band that was supposed to save rock.
It's been fifteen years since the Strokes released Is This It. And if you put it on right now, it sounds as good as the day it came out. Is This It remains a near-perfect 35 minutes of no-frills garage rock.
As NME declared, the Strokes would “save rock.” Of course, the Strokes were a product of outsized expectations—they embodied a resurgence of not just a nostalgic sound, but New York's long-lost post-punk attitude, too. It didn't matter that the Strokes was a handful of rich kids (two of them met at a Swiss boarding school) and could barely play their instruments. Against all odds, Is This It lived up to most of the hype. “Last Nite” hit #5 on Billboard's modern rock chart; the album triumphed both with critics and consumers. As hyperbolic as NME's notions that a single band could salvage rock music, the Strokes emerged in a moment before indie rock had broken out into the mainstream, when the radio was dominated by the tragic rap-rock sound of nu-metal and the not-quite-as-tragic-but-still-embarrassing wave of limp “adult contemporary” rock. The Strokes felt like the antidote. The rawness of frontman Julian Casablancas—part twentysomething angst and apathy—and the nostalgic shredding of Albert Hammond Jr. and Nick Valensi resonated with music snobs, Clear Channel execs, and everyone in between. In some ways, Is This It was the right album at the right time; in other ways, it was simply great.
Even though the band continued to put out music—some great, some not—the Strokes never recaptured the fervor and fanfare from Is This It. The album endures even as the band did not. So what the hell happened?
First Impressions would most people's last impression of the Strokes.
You can chart the slow decline of the Strokes through the records that followed. Hindsight has proven Room on Fire to be a record as strong, if not better, than Is This It. But upon its release, reviews were divisive. The album—musically and lyrically—mirrored Is This It but brought a new vicious edge to it. Room On Fire also showed off that the band had also gotten pretty damn good on a technical level. The dueling guitar work on the chorus of "Reptilia"—still the band's best song—attested to that.
What followed three years later was the Strokes' First Impressions of Earth, an ambitious departure from the first two albums that incorporated sounds from the Pogues, and a dash of Thin Lizzy. Even Casablancas, at many points, starts to sound like Iggy Pop. First Impressions remains deeply underrated. (“Heart in a Cage” still bangs.) Critics disliked the album's lack of focus, but really, the record just lacked a killer single. (“Juicebox,” really?) The singles barely charted, and First Impressions would most people's last impression of the Strokes.
Disillusioned, the band went on an extended hiatus, resurfacing in 2011 with Angles. Rumors circulated that Casablancas was absent from a huge chunk of the songwriting process, and his vocals were recorded separately. (In a GQ profile from two years ago, Julian Casablancas tellingly said, "A band is a great way to destroy a friendship, and a tour's a great way to destroy a band.”) The result was what you would expect: Angles felt fractured, with moments of brilliance but more forgettable ones. "Under the Cover of Darkness" sounds like the band's attempt at recapturing the energy of Is This It, but the return to form lacked conviction.
You might not have even noticed when Comedown Machine was released in the summer of 2013. An obvious contract obligation (as a nice “fuck you,” RCA's logo appears on the album cover), Comedown Machine wasn't even supported by a tour. And yet even on the Strokes' throwaway album, you can hear small moments of brilliance. “Welcome to Japan” bops and grooves; “One-Way Trigger” features one of Casablancas's catchiest melodies in years, even if it also features some of his worst singing. The album is all over the place, both in terms of quality and influence, but you can see the band's apathy manifest itself in weird and fascinating explorations.
When a band represents a certain thing at a certain moment in time, our expectations of how they should sound and what they should do are crystallized. The Strokes were supposed to be scrappy New York dudes playing throwback, Velvet Underground-inspired garage rock; is it unreasonable for us to expect that they'd do that forever?
Here's Pitchfork ed-in-chief Ryan Schreiber's 2001 review of Is This It:
The Strokes are not deities. Nor are they "brilliant," "awe-inspiring," or "genius." They're a rock band, plain and simple. And if you go into this record expecting nothing more than that, you'll probably be pretty pleased. See, while I can't agree with the Strokes' messianic treatment, I'd be lying if I said I thought Is This It was anything other than a great rock record.
The thing that tanked the Strokes' mainstream success is that they stopped wanting to make straightforward rock records. And could you blame them? They learned to play their instruments and began expanding their palette of influences. In a sense, the Strokes stopped pretending to be musicians.
Casablancas has historically been a brilliant songwriter, but his virtuosic tendencies pushed him to make music that was more complicated than it was listenable. His first solo album, Phrazes for the Young, has a few bangers on it (see "11th Dimension", which sounds like David Bowie's “Rebel Rebel” tripping on synths). The follow up, Tyranny, is a dissonant hour of muddy guitars and drum machines. Releasing the ten-minute-long “Human Sadness” as the album's first single feels a little bit like Casablancas giving the middle finger to anyone who yearns for the early days of the Strokes.
EDITOR'S PICK
There's no clearer example than "I'll Try Anything Once," a B-side that features Casablancas solo, his fingers meandering on an electric piano. “Ten decisions shape your life, you'll be aware of five about,” he croons. It's a remorseful, melancholic meditation on his isolation—about as close as Casablancas ever gets to being soulful. The song was then punched up into a radio-friendly single called “You Only Live Once” that barely charted. But among Strokes stans, “I'll Try Anything Once” remains one of the band's most enduring recordings.
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - A majority of Americans prefer cutting defense spending to reduce the federal deficit rather than taking money from public retirement and health programs, a Reuters/Ipsos poll released on Wednesday showed.
Crowds aboard the aircraft carrier USS John C. Stennis watch as U.S. Navy helicopters fly past the ship February 12, 2011 in San Diego. REUTERS/Denis Poroy
The poll found 51 percent of Americans support reducing defense spending, and only 28 percent want to cut Medicare and Medicaid health programs for the elderly and poor. A mere 18 percent back cuts in the Social Security retirement program.
The Medicare, Medicaid and Social Security programs, known as entitlements, and defense spending together account for about two-thirds of the $3.7 trillion federal budget, but they are not a major part of the debate in Congress over spending cuts.
Lawmakers are more focused on cutting so-called discretionary spending, but some experts say Congress will eventually need to cut entitlements to make a major dent in the country's $1.6 trillion deficit and $14 trillion debt.
The poll suggests lawmakers could face political peril if they touch the popular health and retirement programs.
“People recognize that defense is a big part of the budget and they are more likely to want to cut things that don't affect them directly,” said Ipsos pollster Cliff Young.
The poll also showed Americans' confidence in the way the country is going has slumped to a two-year low in the last month, and a pollster blamed soaring gas prices.
Republican leaders in the House of Representatives said they will include the federal health and retirement programs in an upcoming 2012 budget plan.
The proposals for Medicare and Social Security will focus on future recipients and protect current retirees and those approaching retirement, House Majority Leader Eric Cantor told reporters on Tuesday.
Senator Charles Schumer, speaking to the liberal think tank Center for American Progress, said on Wednesday the popular health programs would likely be part of any bipartisan deficit-reduction agreement, which would also have to include tax increases.
Social Security savings, however, would be put on a separate track to shore up the pension system, Schumer said.
TAXES AND DEFENSE
Schumer said defense spending, long off limits for many lawmakers, also will have to be in the deficit-cutting mix.
“Under an all-of-the-above approach, the Pentagon should not be treated as off limits. There is waste in defense just like there is waste in the rest of the discretionary budget,” Schumer said.
Republicans so far have refused to consider tax increases as part of their deficit reduction effort. The Reuters/Ipsos poll shows the American public would rather cut spending than raise taxes. Fifty-six percent said they would cut existing programs while only 30 percent said they prefer raising taxes.
Not surprisingly, an overwhelming 79 percent of Republicans prefer spending cuts to tax increases, while 49 percent of independents and 41 percent of Democrats prefer that approach. Only 14 percent of Republicans said they would choose raising taxes, while 46 percent of Democrats and 21 percent of independents said they would raise revenues.
Democrats have voiced concern that Republican efforts to slash $61 billion from this year's federal spending could result in job losses. About 48 percent of those polled said they believe the spending cuts will hurt jobs.
But only 45 percent said the proposed cuts this year are essential to balancing the budget.
The telephone poll of 1,040 adults was conducted March 3-6, and is considered accurate within 3.1 percentage points.
Details
The Jackson Racing FR-S/BRZ C38 supercharger system delivers an impressive 50% increase in HP and 45% increase in TQ over stock! The power and torque delivery of the Jackson Racing supercharger system gives the FR-S/BRZ the perfect balance of power and handling. The Rotrex C38-81 supercharger provides a strong and smooth power band, while also maintaining perfect drivability and excellent fuel economy. Also, the Jackson Racing intercooler system is unique in the FR-S/BRZ market and has been engineered for proper bolt-on fitment.
The Jackson Racing FR-S/BRZ supercharger system has been extensively tested in all weather conditions to ensure factory drivability, excellent fuel economy, and proper emissions are retained while giving a substantial boost in performance. This includes not only the components in the system, but the Jackson Racing ECU calibration. The provided Jackson Racing ECU calibration is the product of hundreds of hours of dyno testing and thousands of miles of road and track testing. The Jackson Racing developed ECU calibration features proprietary tuning developments giving the supercharger system drivability equal to a factory vehicle. No hesitations, no hiccups, no band-aids… Just a completely solid car. And on top of all that, the system is CARB Legal!
“We knew the FR-S/BRZ platform would be a perfect match with our powerful, fuel efficient, emissions legal supercharger systems. After the 15,000+ miles of drivability and durability testing we have been through with the FR-S/BRZ supercharger system, it is hard to imagine the car without it,” said Oscar Jackson Sr., President and Chief Engineer of Jackson Racing. “When you buy from Jackson Racing you get over 35 years of experience in building high quality performance products and Championship winning engineering. All our system testing includes long, hard miles on the street as well as racetrack abuse in the hot California desert. It is crucial for us test and abuse our products beyond even what our customers would. We drive our cars daily just like our customers, so our products must be built to the highest quality standards.”
Oscar Jackson Jr. adds, “Our FR-S/BRZ supercharger system is powerful yet drivable, making this car easy to drive at the racetrack. You can now steer the car with the throttle effortlessly and the power is seamless all the way to redline. The FR-S/BRZ is a great car stock, but once you drive one with the Jackson Racing system you realize this is how it should have come from the factory!”
KEY POINTS
• CARB EO# D-700-5
• 50% increase in HP and 45% increase in TQ
• Maintains excellent fuel economy under normal driving conditions
• Gives high performance engine feel with smooth factory drivability
• Heavily street and track tested to ensure reliability
SYSTEM FEATURES
Patented Rotrex C38-81 Supercharger
• Traction Drive System for whisper quiet operation
• Rotrex Self-Contained Oiling System
• High-Quality Setrab Oil Cooler
• 3 Year Supercharger Unit Warranty
Jackson Racing CNC-Machined Aluminum Brackets & Components
• Billet 6061 Aluminum Supercharger Bracket
• Black Hard Anodized Brackets and Components
• Complete Bolt On System. No Grinding.
Jackson Racing Single Belt Drive System
• Simple Serpentine Belt Routing using OEM Tensioner and Components
• Follows Rotrex Factory Specifications
• Serpentine Belt for Silent, Reliable, OEM Operation
Jackson Racing Front Mount Intercooler System
• High Flow Powder Coated Air-To-Air Intercooler
• Precision-Engineered and Powder Coated Mounting Brackets
• A True Bolt On Intercooler System
• No Drilling, No Tapping; Fully Reversible
Jackson Racing Mandrel Bent & Powder Coated Aluminum Piping
Blow Through MAF for Proper Vehicle Calibration & Compensation
• Jackson Racing proprietary design ensures accurate MAF readings
• Seamless Power Delivery; Factory Drivability
High Quality Metric Fasteners & Hardware
Industry Leading Customer Service & Support
• Most Trusted Name in Aftermarket Forced Induction
• Rotrex North American Distributors
• 10+ Years using Rotrex Superchargers / 30+ Years of Forced Induction
• Full Color Installation Manual
______________________
Pricing and Availability
Tune It Yourself (TIY) System – $4095
– Jackson Racing FR-S/BRZ Supercharger System (+50%HP over Stock)
– Engine Management Not Included
Factory Tuned System – $5095
– Jackson Racing FR-S/BRZ Supercharger System (+50%HP over Stock)
– EcuTek ProECU Programming Kit and License
– Jackson Racing ECU Calibration
The TIY system is ideal if you already have engine management and want to do your own tuning. This system would require customers to develop their own calibration at their local professional tuner.
The Factory Tuned system is our full plug-n-play system. This system includes the EcuTek Programming Kit and our industry-leading Jackson Racing ECU calibration. No headaches, just install and enjoy!
FAQ
Q: Will I need a clutch upgrade?
A: The Jackson Racing FR-S has done over 15,000 miles using the stock clutch, including track testing. If you have an aggressive style of driving we would recommend a clutch upgrade.
Q: Will my FR-S/BRZ pass emissions?
A: Our Factory Tuned FR-S/BRZ supercharger system has received the CARB EO# D-700-5 and is 50 state emissions legal.
Q: Will performance upgrades be available for the Jackson Racing FR-S/BRZ systems?
A: Yes, we will be producing additional upgrades that can be added on to the current systems.
Hannah Foulds
The Secret Codes On London's Streets
Secret codes aren't just the preserve of spies. There are mysterious symbols, numbers and dials all around us which mean, or have meant, something to someone at some stage. From 19th century insurance policies to markings for homeless people, covert communication between Londoners past and present are etched all around us.
We set about uncovering the mysteries behind some of these often familiar, but seldom deciphered, hidden codes.
Mystery right under our feet
What are these mysterious pavement markings? Photo by Hannah Foulds.
When you're next strolling around town, keep your eyes peeled for these curious symbols carved into Victorian paving stones, from carefully crafted Maltese crosses to shoddily carved-out letters. Once you've noticed one, you'll start to see them everywhere.
It appears that, despite their prevalence, no one has satisfactorily uncovered the mystery of what these symbols actually represent. We've had our fair share of speculation, of course, from conspiratorial conjecture that they directed Freemason initiates to hidden lodges, to more mundane theories that they literally just identify the location of electricity, gas and water.
The mystery continues.
H is for hydrant
Yellow H signs are everywhere, and serve a very useful purpose; they point the fire services in the direction of the nearest hydrant. The top number indicates the size of the water main, and the bottom number indicates how far the hydrant is from the sign.
You'll notice that modern signs show measurements in millimetres and metres and older signs show them in inches and feet. Next time you come across one, see if you can locate the nearby hidden hydrant.
19th century fire insurance policies
A fire mark on a house in Goodman's Court.
Imagine being trapped in a burning building, while being completely ignored by the fire service because you don't have private insurance. Sounds like the plot from a dystopian film, doesn't it? Well, this was actually the case back in the 18th and 19th centuries.
Back then, there was no public fire brigade, so Londoners would need to insure against fires by paying private fire-fighting teams. People would fix badges to the front of their houses displaying the relevant company logo to prove the insurance was paid.
If you're lucky, you can still spot these plaques on the front of houses around London. We found this one in Goodwin's Court near Leicester Square (which is incidentally where a scene from Harry Potter was shot).
Hobo codes
Hobo codes originated in the 1930s in America during the great depression. Because of job shortages, those looking for work would travel from place to place, and these chalk markings would indicate which dwelling places were safest to sleep in. But in 2007 The Pavement magazine created their own code to enable homeless people around London to share their experiences.
Val Stevenson, web manager at the Pavement, said: "Look for symbols at knee rather than eye height. I've spotted the hobo codes all around London, and recently in Liverpool Street."
How do you find a lamp post?
Camden even has the ability to report a fault using a QR code.
Lamp posts come in all manner of shapes and sizes, old and new, but have you noticed that they all have a unique number?
These numbers act as identifier for your local council and make operation and maintenance a lot easier. Councils also give asset numbers to bollards, traffic signals, parking signs and meters.
What lies beneath
Orange, green, pink - what does each colour mean?
It may look like the work of an overzealous street artist, but if you come across colourful squiggles, dots and arrows painted onto the pavement, it's more likely to be the secret coding system for our utility companies.
In London, more than 50 different utility companies dig up the streets so it's important to have a universal coding system to indicate what's hidden underground. Every colour has a meaning; red points to electrical lines, blue identifies water pipes, yellow means gas, green is CCTV networks and cable TV lines and white is just general communication, from measurements to instructions.
Sensors on the tube
Leigh Dodds, self-professed 'data magpie' from the Open Data Institute, drew our attention to the mysterious dials on tube trains. He said: "Have you noticed the dials on underground carriages? These are brake cylinder gauges which indicate air pressure in real time. These are used by operational and maintenance staff for fault-finding."
The cylinders are in the passenger compartment to allow the driver to access them in case of a brake defect or dragging brake.
Hidden underground directions
At Old Street
Have you seen these blue signs on the underground? We've already revealed these codes but they deserve an inclusion here too.
These signs are called Station Identification (SID) numbers. They exist to make it easier for the rescuers to navigate the tube network when visibility is poor (i.e. in smoky conditions) and are also used by station staff and contractors to identify faults in particular rooms.
The top number denotes the level below ground, while the remaining numbers define a location on that level. So, now you know.
The One Word That Sums Up Everything You Need To Do To Be Happier
That word is “PERMA.” It's an acronym for:
P ositive Emotion
ositive Emotion E ngagement
ngagement Good R elationships
elationships M eaning
eaning Accomplishment
Martin Seligman is a professor at the University of Pennsylvania and one of the foremost experts on the study of happiness. He gave the following talk in 2011 explaining “PERMA”, the research behind it, and how we can use it to improve our lives. I'll break it down after the video.
For the longest time the model of happiness we've had has followed how we look at health: If you're sick, we try to make you not-sick. If you're depressed, we try to make you not-depressed.
But can't we do more than merely eliminating suffering? Can't we try to go from normal to happier? Can we flourish?
Seligman explains that the things we need to do to be happier are all tied up in PERMA. So let's break down what Seligman has to say.
P: Positive Emotion
We need 3 positive things for every negative thing in order to thrive.
Via Rainy Brain, Sunny Brain: How to Retrain Your Brain to Overcome Pessimism and Achieve a More Positive Outlook:
Psychologist Barbara Frederickson is an expert on flourishing and has been an advocate of finding ways to bring more positive emotions into our lives. In her research she discovered a critical 3 to 1 ratio, indicating that we need to have three positive emotions for every negative one in order to thrive.
And:
Frederickson has found out that if we really want to prosper, we shouldn't try to eliminate negative emotions, rather, we should work on keeping the ratio at three positive for every one negative. Most of us, she has found, have two positive experiences for every negative. This gets us by, but it is effectively languishing.
This also ties in to what Seligman explains is one of the most powerful happiness boosting exercises: 3 blessings.
This technique has been proven again and again. Seligman explains it in his book Flourish: A Visionary New Understanding of Happiness and Well-being:
Every night for the next week, set aside ten minutes before you go to sleep. Write down three things that went well today and why they went well. You may use a journal or your computer to write about the events, but it is important that you have a physical record of what you wrote. The three things need not be earthshaking in importance (“ My husband picked up my favorite ice cream for dessert on the way home from work today”), but they can be important (“ My sister just gave birth to a healthy baby boy”). Next to each positive event, answer the question “Why did this happen?”
E: Engagement
This is what is often called flow. It's when you're so wrapped up in what you're doing that the world fades away:
Flow is the mental state of operation in which a person performing an activity is fully immersed in a feeling of energized focus, full involvement, and enjoyment in the process of the activity… The hallmark of flow is a feeling of spontaneous joy, even rapture, while performing a task although flow is also described… as a deep focus on nothing but the activity – not even oneself or one's emotions.
When do you usually feel flow? It's when you're challenged but not beyond your skill level. Passive activities don't create flow. Neither do overwhelming challenges.
There are a handful of things that need to be present for you to experience flow:
Via Top Business Psychology Models: 50 Transforming Ideas for Leaders, Consultants and Coaches:
Clear goals that, while challenging, are still attainable.
Immediate feedback.
Knowing that the task is doable; a balance between personal skill level and the challenge presented.
Strong concentration and focused attention.
The activity is intrinsically rewarding.
More on creating flow here.
R: Relationships
Seligman talks about a relatively recent discovery in what makes good relationships. Often it's not how you fight, it's how you celebrate:
Via Flourish: A Visionary New Understanding of Happiness and Well-being:
Shelly Gable, professor of psychology at the University of California at Santa Barbara, has demonstrated that how you celebrate is more predictive of strong relations than how you fight.
He also covers the type of speaking that improves relationships. It's called “active-constructive.”
Via Flourish: A Visionary New Understanding of Happiness and Well-being:
M: Meaning
Meaning comes from belonging to and serving something that is bigger than you are.
Can we build meaning in our lives? Yes. Seligman explains one exercise is to write your own obituary. What do you want your legacy to be?
Via Richard Wiseman's excellent book 59 Seconds: Change Your Life in Under a Minute:
Asking people to spend just a minute imagining a close friend standing up at their funeral and reflecting on their personal and professional legacy helps them to identify their long-term goals and assess the degree to which they are progressing toward making those goals a reality.
Via Shiny Objects: Why We Spend Money We Don't Have in Search of Happiness We Can't Buy:
In the past I've encouraged my students to draft their obituary as part of an extra-credit exercise, asking them to write it as they wished it to appear after a long life. I know it sounds morbid, but this assignment is an excellent way to expose the gap between how people live their lives and how they want to be remembered. It's a sobering experience at any age. The real benefit, of course, is that the writer gets to confront any such inconsistencies before it's too late. I can't tell you how many students have told me that this experience was a real wake-up call for them— one that I hope has changed many lives. We all must ask ourselves, if our obituaries were written today, would we be happy with what was written?
9 minutes in to his famous Stanford commencement speech Steve Jobs discusses the importance he placed on thinking about death during life:
“Remembering that I'll be dead soon is the most important tool I've ever encountered to help me make the big choices in life.”
A: Achievement
What has research shown is most tied to success? Seligman says it's “grit“. Perseverance.
Via Dan Pink's excellent book Drive: The Surprising Truth About What Motivates Us.
The best predictor of success, the researchers found, was the prospective cadets' ratings on a noncognitive, nonphysical trait known as “grit”—defined as “perseverance and passion for long-term goals.”
Researchers have found that grit is more predictive of success than IQ in a variety of challenging environments from Ivy League schools to military academies to the National Spelling Bee.
More about grit (and how to be “grittier”) here.
Want to learn more about how to use these ideas to be happier? Check out this post.
Join over 140,000 readers. Get a free weekly update via email here.
Related posts:
How To Stop Being Lazy And Get More Done – 5 Expert Tips
6 Things The Most Productive People Do Every Day
New Harvard Research Reveals A Fun Way To Be More Successful
Post Details
Today, the Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency (DARPA) opened up registration for the FANG Challenges, a set of three next-generation military vehicle design competitions that will kick off in January, and will put tools based on approaches borrowed from software development and chip design in the hands of teams of engineers and designers. In an effort to reinvent how such complex systems are designed and built, DARPA is preparing for the first real test of its efforts to use open-source software and Web collaboration—with millions of dollars in prize money at stake.
The challenges are the first major milestone in a program that seeks to break the Department of Defense out of the decade-long process that has cost the US hundreds of billions of dollars to produce aircraft, vehicles, and weapons systems that often end up never being built. DARPA's Adaptive Vehicle Make project has funded the development of a set of open-source design tools that allow engineers to use "correct-by-construction" approaches to designing complex systems, using the known characteristics of building-block components from a shared model library to validate a design before it is ever assembled.
Because of the complexity of military systems—or practically any large-scale system—using computer modeling to determine the best possible design from all possible configurations would take "decades of compute time," DARPA AVM Program Manager Army Lt. Col. Nathan Wiedenman said in a press briefing today. But by using the known operating ranges of previously validated components and correct-by-construction techniques, designers can quickly reduce the order of magnitude of the problem, making it easier to verify the overall design.
The tools have been integrated into VehicleForge, a Web portal modeled on collaborative software development portals such as SourceForge and GitHub that allows groups of engineers to work together to check in on models and work concurrently on designs. VehicleForge and the FANG design competitions will be open to any US citizen who wishes to participate.
This way, said Wiedenman, the first build of a system "isn't a prototype, it's a production model." And by using the VehicleForge portal to open up the process to a more community-driven approach, Weideman said, DARPA hopes to tap into a broader set of expertise and break out of the locked-in design approaches that have resulted in the spiraling cost of programs like the F-35 fighter, the Joint Tactical Radio System and the Army's ill-fated Future Combat System. Wiedenman said that using a system like VehicleForge for defense systems could shrink the development process down from the current average of 10 years down to as little as two years, saving billions of dollars in the process.
Each of the FANG Challenges is focused on a step in the design and manufacturing of the Fast, Adaptable, Next-Generation Ground Vehicle—an amphibious assault vehicle that meets the requirements of the Marine Corps' long-delayed Amphibious Combat Vehicle program. The winning designs for each step will be manufactured using another part of the AVM program, the IFAB "factory of the future" project —an automated, reconfigurable manufacturing plant that uses computer-numerically-controlled machine tools, 3D-printing and related technologies to turn designs produced through VehicleForge into a final product.
The first challenge, which has a $1 million prize, will be to design FANG's drive train and control systems. The winner of the challenge will be selected based on an evaluation of the design's compliance with the Marine Corps' requirement set, Weideman said. The second challenge, which also carries a $1 million prize, will focus on the chassis and other systems of the vehicle; the final, $2 million challenge, will be for a full build of the vehicle, which DARPA hopes to deliver to the Marine Corps.
For more than a year, the U.S. Federal Reserve System has been increasingly acting as the world's central bank, injecting hundreds of billions of dollars into foreign government treasuries in an effort to increase liquidity in those countries.
The foreign central banks have used the U.S. currency to bail out financial institutions within their borders. The Fed program links its balance sheet directly to the fates of foreign central banks at a time when they're on the ropes.
The program has so far gone unreported in the mainstream media and is a major expansion of Federal Reserve involvement in the global economy. It represents a stark break from the prior role of the Fed, moving it into territory more traditionally occupied by the International Monetary Fund (IMF).
The program puts both the Fed and the foreign central banks at increased risk. If the bailed-out banks can't repay the loans, the foreign central bank is still on the hook to the Fed. It would have to raise the money by selling debt -- which most Europeans are finding difficult today -- or raise taxes or cut spending, actions that further exacerbate the economic crisis. Or, the foreign central bank could default, leaving the U.S. holding a bag of foreign currency of plummeting value.
The U.S. taxpayer has also bailed out foreign banks indirectly by pumping billions into American Insurance Group, which announced Sunday that it had forwarded that cash to counterparties that include foreign banks such as Société Générale, Deutsche Bank, Calyon, Credit Suisse, the Royal Bank of Scotland and Barclays.
"I'm concerned about Europe," Paul Krugman wrote in Monday's New York Times. "Actually, I'm concerned about the whole world -- there are no safe havens from the global economic storm. But the situation in Europe worries me even more than the situation in America."
Meanwhile, European countries are still unable to sell joint bonds.
The Fed program adds up to serious money. The most recent balance sheet released by the Fed shows that $314 billion U.S. dollars are currently doled out to foreign central banks under the foreign exchange program. That's down from a December peak of nearly $600 billion, as central banks have repaid some of the loans.
In exchange for U.S. dollars, the Fed has received foreign currency of equivalent value in an exchange known as a swap. To protect the Fed from losses due to currency fluctuation, the deals include a provision that when the moneys are swapped back, the transaction will be done at the same exchange rate as the initial transaction.
The swaps are listed by the Fed on its balance sheet as "central bank liquidity swaps." The only reference to such swaps in Nexis or Google News comes in the trade paper Market News International, which publishes periodic summaries of fluctuations in the Fed balance sheet. The Fed hasn't hid the exchanges and even sports an FAQ about the transactions on its Web site.
The Fed has established relationships with some major banks, such as the European Central Bank and the Bank of Japan, but also with central banks overseeing smaller, more volatile economies, such as the Banco Central do Brasil.
"It is important which countries are getting it and which don't," said Ralph Bryant, a currency exchange expert at the Brookings Institution. During the 1970s, he was director of the Fed's Division of International Finance and lead international economist for the Federal Open Market Committee, which has authorized the swaps.
"What happened last fall, when the credit markets seized up so badly, was really a departure because some additional countries that would not have been in the Federal Reserve swap network in earlier years at all were brought in, like the central bank of Brazil, Bank of Mexico, and some smaller ones like the bank in New Zealand, the Norwegian central bank and so on."
The full list of participating banks, according to the Fed, includes the Reserve Bank of Australia, Bank of Canada, Danmarks Nationalbank, Bank of England, Bank of Korea, Banco de Mexico, Reserve Bank of New Zealand, Norges Bank, Monetary Authority of Singapore, Sveriges Riksbank, and Swiss National Bank.
The program was launched in December 2007 and initially engaged in relatively small swaps with the European Central Bank and the Swiss National Bank.
On September 15, 2008, Lehman Brothers filed for bankruptcy, sending a shock through the global financial sector and freezing credit markets. While the media focused on the U.S. government's domestic response -- a $700 billion bank bailout -- it missed the global response. Between Sept. 15 and October 1, the U.S. nearly quadrupled its swaps with foreign central banks, increasing the amount to $233 billion.
Two weeks later, the total was $398 billion and a week after that it was $480 billion. Two months after the Lehman bankruptcy, the Fed had swapped $572 billion.
In 1994, the U.S. provided Mexico with $20 billion in loans and guarantees to stabilize its financial sector. Congress refused to authorize the money and President Clinton instead used the Exchange Stabilization Fund, at the time a controversial decision. Today's swap is nearly 30 times larger.
A Democratic congressional aide who asked Fed officials about the swaps says he was told they are "essentially riskless" to the U.S. taxpayer -- unless, of course, a central bank defaults, at which point the value of the currency held as collateral would be called into serious question.
"The only conceivable risk is if you think some foreign central bank was going to go bust and not honor its commitment, but given this is only for larger countries, that's a very small probability," said Bryant.
As with every other bailout, the swaps are justified by citing the cost of doing nothing. "If the rest of the world goes down the tubes, that's really bad for the US financial system and the US economy," Bryant said.
The IMF has been relatively inactive during the financial crisis, a vacuum the Fed has filled. IMF lending comes with a certain international stigma and central banks are generally happier to arrange transactions with the Fed. Moreover, since the Asian financial crisis in the late 1990s, the IMF has lacked the capital reserves to engage in currency swaps at the same magnitude as the Fed.
zk-SNARKs – the zero-knowledge proofs at the core of Zcash – require a parameter generation ceremony to take place for every statement that you wish to create proofs about. Although privacy is protected by zk-SNARKs unconditionally, if this ceremony is compromised it becomes possible to counterfeit Zcash. It is thus important for us to ensure these parameters are created securely.
Last year, Zcash performed such a ceremony using a multi-party computation (MPC) protocol. These protocols have the property that only one party needs to be uncompromised for the resulting parameters to be secure. In other words, in order to compromise the ceremony, every participant needed to be compromised.
However, the protocol we used for the ceremony could not scale beyond a handful of participants. As we continue to upgrade Zcash, we will need to perform more of these setups, so improving the scalability and performance of this protocol is important to us. Also, projects outside Zcash that wish to use zk-SNARKs may need to perform their own setups, so we'd like to make it cheaper and easier for them as well.
Ariel Gabizon, Ian Miers and I have just published a paper detailing a new MPC protocol which can scale to a practically unbounded number of participants. The paper also includes the strengthened elliptic curve construction, BLS12-381, which we've blogged about before.
Player-exchangeable MPC In the original MPC protocol, all participants needed to commit to their share of the “toxic waste” in advance in order to protect against adaptive attacks. This meant that all of the participants needed to be available for the entire duration of the protocol, and nobody could abort without causing the entire protocol to abort. Participants needed to maintain custody of their hardware throughout the process, so this meant the ceremony could not scale beyond a handful of people. Our new protocol is what we like to call a player-exchangeable MPC. As before, only one participant needs to be honest for the ceremony to be secure. But unlike before, participants join the protocol, do their part and leave immediately. This allows the ceremony to scale to a large number of participants and take place over a longer period of time. It also decreases the surface area of attack for participants and avoids the need for expensive synchronization.
Two phases The original MPC protocol involved three phases of computation. Participants needed to act and then wait for their turn in the next phase. In between the first and second phase, we needed to perform very expensive fast-fourier transforms. As a result of all this, performance of the original MPC was poor. In the new protocol, we've managed to reduce the MPC to two phases. What's more, the first phase is agnostic to the precise zk-SNARK circuit, and so a large communal ceremony can be performed which evaluates this phase for all projects that wish to use zk-SNARKs. The second phase does not involve fast-fourier transforms, which means that MPCs for Zcash and other projects can scale to an unbounded number of participants without overly expensive computations. We have begun an implementation of this first phase of the multi-party computation ceremony, written in Rust, which uses the new BLS12-381 elliptic curve.
Six months into Donald Trump's presidency, the bond between him and his base remains strong, largely unaffected for now by the mounting scandals, talk of impeachment, and Trump's stalled agenda. There have been five special elections to fill vacant House seats—in Georgia, Montana, Kansas, California, and South Carolina—and the Republicans have won four of them. In Georgia, the most closely watched race, the Democrats poured in $30 million for their candidate. But the Republicans nearly matched that figure, and their narrow victory in June was perceived as a win for Trump—and Trumpism, however ill-defined it may be.
Joshua Green's new book, Devil's Bargain, argues that Trumpism is best understood through his partnership with Stephen K. Bannon, now the president's chief political strategist. Green, formerly a correspondent at The Atlantic and now at Bloomberg Businessweek, has been writing about conservatives since the George W. Bush years. It is a testament to his adroit intertwining of Bannon's story with Trump's that we're not certain which of the two figures has sold the bigger part of himself to the other. In the broader sense, they are coauthors of our moment's tabloid conservatism.
Trump has had many biographers, but it was Green who did the first in-depth reporting on Bannon, in a long Bloomberg profile in October 2015, ten months before Bannon formally joined the Trump campaign and rescued it from what looked like certain defeat. Previously, Bannon had been an informal adviser while making Breitbart News, the website he had run since 2012, Trump's main propaganda auxiliary, surpassing Fox News, which had been divided over Trump and roiled by a sexual harassment scandal involving the network's late founder and CEO, Roger Ailes. Green describes a conversation in which Ailes, still clinging to his job, tells Bannon he can survive. He just has to plead his case directly to Rupert Murdoch, who is away on his boat and can't be reached. Bannon sees the obvious, telling Ailes, “If somebody called him about a merger, he'd take the fucking call…. You're done.” A patois of coarseness is heard everywhere in this book, but especially from its two principals. Bannon was able to manage Trump the candidate when other, more seasoned operatives could not because Bannon is Trump's unlikely spiritual twin, his bookish doppelgänger, unkempt in cargo shorts.
Bannon is by upbringing and temperament a son of the embattled South, a working-class Catholic who grew up in Richmond, Virginia, when the state was still a backward fief, ruled by Senator Harry F. Byrd Jr., an early leader of Southern “massive resistance” to civil rights. From the start, Bannon seems to have been a younger version of Pat Buchanan: a noisy, brawling, bred-in-the-bone anti-Communist. Educated by Benedictines at a Catholic military school, he went on to Virginia Tech and then enlisted in the Navy in 1977. He was a navigator on a destroyer in the North Arabian Sea in 1980…
Initially this was just a doodle of Elsa with her hair down...I imagine that her hair would be pretty full and wavy! I may have made her hair TOO big but that's besides the point...lol Anyways...As I started cleaning up and coloring this drawing it became so much more. Here is a slightly younger Elsa. She is told that her powers are dangerous and must be hidden to prevent causing harm to others. Her powers are directly related to her emotions...the stronger the emotion, good or bad, the harder it becomes to surpress it. Realizing that she can't control her powers...or her emotions...she hides away from the world and those she loves most, including her sister Anna. Denying the warmth of love and living in her own cold sorrow. "Only and act of true love can thaw a frozen heart."
Frozen c) Disney
A new design may allow robotic spacecrafts to travel longer distances into space, possibly leading to a voyage to Mars.
Researchers from the Harbin Institute of Technology in China have created a new inlet design for Cylindrical shaped Hall thrusters (CHTs) that may significantly increase the thrust and allows spaceships to travel greater distances.
Xenon is often used as a propellant for Hall Thrusters. This is accelerated by an electric field which strips electrons from neutral xenon atoms, creating a plasma. Plasma ejected from the exhaust end of the thruster can deliver great speeds, typically around 70,000 mph.
CHTs are designed for low-power operations while low propellant flow density can cause inadequate ionization—a crucial step in the creation of the plasma and the generation of thrust. A thruster's performance improves by increasing the gas density in the discharge channel, while lowering its axial velocity—the speed perpendicular to the thrust direction.
“The most practical way to alter the neutral flow dynamics in the discharge channel is by changing the gas injection method or the geometric morphology of the discharge channel,” Liqiu Wei, a lead author on the paper, said in a statement.
The researchers injected the propellant into the cylindrical chamber of the thruster by a number of nozzles that usually point straight in, toward the center of the cylinder. The angle of the inlet nozzles changed slightly, sending the propellant into a rapid circular motion and creating a vortex in the channel.
They then simulated the motion of the plasma in the channel for both nozzle angles using modeling and analysis software called COMSOL that uses a finite element approach to modeling molecular flow.
This resulted in a gas density near the periphery of the channel is higher when the nozzles are tilted and the thruster is run in vortex mode.
According to the study, the vortex inlet increases the propellant utilization of the thruster by 3.12 percent to 8.81 percent, thrust by 1.1 percent to 53.5 percent, specific impulse by 1.1 percent to 53.5 percent, thrust-to-power ratio by 10 percent to 63 percent and anode efficiency by 1.6 percent to 7.3 percent, greatly improving the thruster performance.
“The work we report here only verified the practicability of this gas inlet design,” Wei said. “We still need to study the effect of nozzle angle, diameter, the ratio of depth to diameter and the length of the discharge channel.”
According to Wei, the vortex design will be tested in flight-type HTs in the near future and could potentially be used in spaceflights.
The study was published in the Physics of Plasmas.
Saqib Ali, a co-chair of the Equality for Eid Coalition, has pushed for a school closing in Montgomery County, Md., on Eid al-Adha, one of his faith's two main holidays. (Dan Gross/Dan Gross/The Gazette)
Montgomery County schools won't have classes on one of the Islamic faith's major holidays next year, a significant victory for the local Muslim community after years of lobbying for the same treatment as Christians and Jews.
Montgomery's Board of Education voted 6 to 2 to support a measure that would move a professional work day for teachers and administrators to Sept. 12, 2016, when the holy day of Eid al-Adha could fall next year. The holiday, which varies year to year and is based on a lunar calendar, is expected on Sept. 11, a Sunday, or on Sept. 12.
The decision marked a long-sought change in the 156,000-student suburban Washington school system, Maryland's largest.
There are no exact numbers showing how many students and staff celebrate Muslim holy days in Montgomery, but Muslim leaders say their community is growing. They have requested that schools close on at least one of the religion's two major Muslim holy days. School leaders have said they cannot, by law, close schools to observe religious holidays.
The district closes schools on major Christian and Jewish holidays such as Christmas and Yom Kippur, but officials cite state requirements or operational effects such as expectations of large absenteeism on those days.
Montgomery leaders made national news last year when they struck the names of religious holidays off of the county's school calendar document in an attempt to show neutrality, a move that drew criticism, including from the Muslim community. The school system has created an additional online calendar on which users can view religious holidays and days of cultural celebration.
[Holidays' names stricken from next year's Montgomery schools calendar]
Muslim community leaders say that the issue is fairness and that, without a school closing, Muslim students must choose between their faith and their education when Eid al-Adha or Eid al-Fitr fall on a school day.
“I am very happy. I am in tears. I am thrilled,” said Samira Hussein, a co-chair of the Equality for Eid Coalition who said she began pushing for a Muslim school holiday two decades ago. “I cannot wait to see the children, the students in the classrooms, being happy and thankful for this day.”
During the board's discussion, several members said it was time to act on the Muslim holiday request, even as the district continues to work on related issues of implementation.
“I'm really concerned that we are putting ourselves in a place that we give lip service to the diversity we have in this incredible community that we live in and serve, but in fact the most important things are the actions that we take,” said school board member Christopher S. Barclay, who offered the proposal.
Board member Jill Ortman-Fouse and others spoke of how long the matter has been under discussion. “It's an issue of fairness,” she said. “I get off for all of my holidays. . . . Obviously it's an issue of respect for members of our community who are very dedicated to our county and a very important part of our school system.”
Many of the more than two dozen members of the Muslim community who attended the board meeting Tuesday praised the outcome.
“It's huge,” said Saqib Ali, a former state lawmaker who has been a leader of the effort. Without the change, he said, “my daughters are not equal to all of their little playmates in the neighborhood, their Christian friends, their Jewish friends. Who could be against equality?”
[Muslim leaders in Montgomery seek answers on school holiday equality]
Ali said he thinks the decision would touch off change in other school systems; New York City began giving students Muslim holidays off this year. “I think the fact that New York granted this helped the effort here, and I don't think it's going to stop here,” he said.
[New York City, nation's largest school district, adds two Muslim holidays to academic calendar]
A board majority approved the measure even though it was not possible to be certain when Eid al-Adha will fall in 2016. Two board members — Patricia O'Neill and Philip Kauffman — voted against the measure. Both cited concerns from principals and said the state's calendar identifies Sept. 11, a Sunday, as Eid al-Adha in 2016. They said it was unclear how the time would be made up, with O'Neill raising the possibility that the school year might then end on a Monday. Kauffman said he would prefer that a clear plan be made for next school year.
District staff members are expected to come back to the board with a proposal for which professional workday would be switched to Sept. 12 to accommodate the holiday. Montgomery has five teacher workdays before the school year begins and four other professional days during the year.
Shahnaz Baten, a Potomac mother of two grown children, said she is proud to live in a place with elected leaders who value diversity, so that “you can see it in what they do, not only for Muslims but for a lot of people.”
Another Muslim parent, Ali Nawaz Memon of Gaithersburg, now a grandparent, said he was “delighted” that students next year will not have to choose between staying home to celebrate the holiday and attending school on Eid al-Adha to keep up with their studies. “I am very happy,” he said. “This struggle has been going on for many years.”
Last week I learned that girls as young as 3-years-old worry they are fat. Now I've come across a dance studio in London that offers pole dancing classes for girls as young as – wait for it – 3 years-old.
For just five pounds an hour, parents can sign their little girls up for Little Spinners classes at Make Me Fabulous Studio to learn pole dancing. The instructors say the class “helps youngsters keep fit and boosts their self-esteem.”
While I agree that keeping kids fit and boosting their self-esteem is extremely important, I do not think that pole dancing classes are the appropriate avenue to achieve this goal. How does teaching girls to “hold their legs in a v-shape while sliding down a pole” help their self-esteem?
To be honest, I find this extremely disturbing and proof of the growing sexualization of young girls today. Kidscape, the first charity in the UK established specifically to prevent bullying and child sexual abuse, agrees.
Director Claude Knights says:
Exposing children to pole dancing at such a young age carries a great risk.
The children will innocently enjoy copying the raunchy moves they learn, but be completely unaware of the sexual messages these send out which inevitably can have dangerous results.
It is of course very important for children to take exercise and group activities, but why would you package it as pole dancing, something which has overt sexual connotations?
I could not agree more. The dance moves may seem innocent to young girls, but there is no denying that the message they carry are overtly sexual, and the older the girls get the more clear this message becomes. There are lots of other ways we can promote fitness and confidence among young girls – pole dancing should not be one of them.
What do you think?
Related from Care2:
Girls As Young As 3-Years-Old Worry They are Fat
Child Pornography Victim Demands Restitution
Botox Mom Loses Custody of Daughter, Investigation Launched
Beauty Pageant Mom Inject 8-Year-Old Daughter with Botox and Takes Her Waxing
Image by lululemon athletica used under a Creative Commons license – http://www.flickr.com/photos/lululemonathletica/4406402345/
A new law designed to prevent offshore tax evasion has set off a surge of lobbying, with several foreign financiers and trade associations turning to K Street for the first time.
At issue is the Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act (FATCA), which requires foreign financial institutions to report their accounts held by American citizens to the U.S. government. Firms that fail to provide that information would face a 30 percent withholding tax on their U.S. revenue.
ADVERTISEMENT
The IRS is crafting regulations to implement the law, which was passed in March of 2010 in an attempt to crack down on offshore havens that are often used to dodge tax payments.
“It is going to affect all foreign financial institutions unless the IRS grants them an exemption,” said Tom Yancey, a partner in Sidley Austin's tax firm. “It includes banks, brokers, investment funds and some insurance companies. It has a very broad scope.”
FATCA is set to take effect in 2013. Since the midterm elections, close to a half-dozen banks and business groups with overseas ties have hired leading tax lobbyists to work on the law.
In November, Patton Boggs disclosed that it was lobbying for the Australian Bankers' Association. The firm's lobbying team includes Stephen McHale, who worked at the Treasury Department for 12 years, including a stint as acting general counsel, according to lobbying disclosure records.
Barclays Capital Inc. signed up with Washington Council Ernst & Young to help lobby on the law, according to records released this March. Nick Giordano, once chief tax counsel for the Senate Finance Committee and a former aide to Sen. Max Baucus Max Sieben BaucusOvernight Defense: McCain honored in Capitol ceremony | Mattis extends border deployment | Trump to embark on four-country trip after midterms Congress gives McCain the highest honor Judge boots Green Party from Montana ballot in boost to Tester MORE (D-Mont.), is lobbying for the bank.
Jeff Levey, the firm's executive director, who is also registered to lobby for Barclays, said Congress has left it to the executive branch on how the tax law is applied.
“There's just a tremendous amount of detail left to the IRS and Treasury to determine through regulations so it would make sense that financial institutions would want to be fairly aggressive in talking to regulators,” Levey said.
And according to disclosure records released last month, Deloitte Tax was hired to lobby for the Investment Funds Institute of Canada, the Life Insurance Association of Japan and the Association of Private Client Investment Managers & Stockbrokers, a London-based trade group. The firm, however, has already filed terminations for those clients.
Some of the biggest names in finance and business are lobbying on the law, including IBM, JPMorganChase and New York Life Insurance Co., according to lobbying reports from the first quarter of 2011.
Rebecca Wilkins, senior counsel for federal tax policy at Citizens for Tax Justice, said foreign banks fear losing their U.S. clients because of the law.
“They are using arguments like ‘competitiveness' and ‘regulatory burden.' What they are really afraid of is they are going to lose their tax-evading customers,” Wilkins said.
Foreign governments are also concerned. In an April 6 letter to Treasury Secretary Timothy Geithner and IRS Commissioner Douglas Shulman, Hungarian Finance Minister György Matolcsy and the European Union's tax commissioner, Algirdas Šemeta, called for a dialogue on how to apply the law without hurting the European financial sector.
Yancey, of Sidley Austin, is part of his firm's legal team representing the Cayman Islands government, which is particularly anxious about the looming tax rules. At a seminar sponsored by the government at the Marriott Grand Cayman Island Beach Resort last month, Yancey said organizers had to stop a speech he was delivering because of an overflowing crowd.
“They cleared the room and brought in more seats so more people could get in,” Yancey said.
Yancey helped file a comment with the IRS for the Cayman Islands last year on the new tax law. He said the Caymans want to help the U.S. government figure out how best to apply it.
“They, like others, have concerns about what exemptions will be granted to investment funds and other structures that they believe do not present a high risk for U.S. tax evasion,” Yancey said.
Others are also looking for exemptions. Veritas Pension Insurance Co., a Finnish company, filed an April 12 comment to the IRS asking for an exemption to FATCA that could work for it and other Finnish pension providers.
The passage of the tax law came on the heels of the scandal that swirled around Switzerland's largest bank, UBS, after it helped thousands of Americans evade U.S. taxes by setting up Swiss bank accounts for them. In February 2009, the bank agreed to pay $780 million in fines to settle U.S. criminal and civil charges.
Public interest groups are keeping an eye on the law as it moves through the regulatory process.
Citizens for Tax Justice lobbied for the law last Congress. The group is part of the Financial Accountability and Corporate Transparency, or FACT, coalition, which launched last month to fight tax haven abuse and help bring down the federal deficit.
Wilkins said that the Treasury Department loses up to $100 billion each year in owed taxes due to offshore accounts.
“I hope they are not able to get through regulatory means what they couldn't get through legislation. The Treasury should enforce the law,” Wilkins said.
Description
Manage and organize columns in the posts, users, comments and media lists in the WordPress admin panel. Transform the WordPress admin screens into beautiful, clear overviews.
Admin Columns Pro The Pro version of Admin Columns will allow columns to be sorted, filtered, directly edited and its content to be exported to CSV. Admin Columns Pro offers integration with many third party plugins: Advanced Custom Fields : add columns for all your custom fields
: add columns for all your custom fields WooCommerce : display detailed product and order information
: display detailed product and order information Toolset Types, Yoast SEO, and many more Find out about additional features of Admin Columns Pro on our website.
Enhanced list tables
By default, WordPress provides list tables, giving you an overview of your content in the admin panel. These list tables are quite limited, however. For posts and custom post types, for example, not much more than the date and title of the post is displayed. Admin Columns allows you to take control over these list tables, managing the columns dislpayed in these overviews. Supporting custom fields, featured images, custom taxonomies, EXIF data for media and much, much more (Admin Columns features over 200 columns), you can create overviews that are perfectly suited for your content.
Features
Admin Columns greatly enhances your WordPress installation. Whether you're running a simple blog or a full-blown enterprise website, it will prove its worth within minutes. Thanks to our dedicated development and support team, you can rest assured that Admin Columns will persist to be an essential part of any WordPress installation.
To give you some insight into the great amount of possibilities Admin Columns offers to enhance your (or your client's) WordPress admin panel, be sure to check out the screenshots or the demo video!
Sortable, filterable and editable columns & import/export
All of the new columns support sorting on all screens, and many of them support filtering. Another great feature is direct editing: it allows you to directly edit all types of data (including titles, featured images, custom fields and taxonomies) directly from the posts overview. These features are only available with Admin Columns Pro! Admin Columns Pro also allows you to import and export your column setup, and it allows you to save your columns to PHP, so you (and your clients) don't have to worry about the admin interface!
Third party plugin integration
Admin Columns works perfectly with just about all external plugins with custom columns. Examples include Yoast SEO (SEO columns), WooCommerce, Advanced Custom Fields, Types and Pods. Not only can you reorganize the custom columns added by these plugins, you can also add custom columns provided by Admin Columns in the overview!
The Developer license of Admin Columns Pro includes Advanced Custom Fields and WooCommerce add-ons for easy integration and inline editing of data from these plugins.
Custom field column
Admin Columns allows you to display custom fields for posts (post meta) and users (user meta) for all custom fields you have. With many different custom field types supported, such as files, images, numbers and even post and user relations, you can create a beautiful overview of your custom content!
To ensure proper formatting of your custom fields, Admin Columns provides a set of custom field types, which automatically format your meta data properly.
Color
Date
Images
Number
Text
URL
True/False
[Pro] Relational: Posts, Users and Media
Supported content types
Admin Columns can change your post (posts, pages and custom post types), user, comment, media and taxonomy (Admin Columns Pro only) lists! Below, you can find a list of supported column types for each content type.
Post types columns
Actions
[PRO] Advanced Custom Field column
Advanced Custom Field column Attachment
Attachment count
Author
Author Name
Before More Tag
Categories
Comment Count
Comment Status
Comments
Content
Custom Field
Date Published
Page Depth
Estimated Reading Time
Excerpt
Featured Image
Formats
ID
Modified
Order
Page Template
Parent
Path
Permalink
Ping Status
Post Format
Roles
Shortcodes
Slug
Status
Sticky
Taxonomy
Word Count
User columns
Actions
Comment Count
Custom Field
Description
Email
First Name
ID
Last Name
Name
Nickname
Post Count
Registered Date
Role
URL
Username
Media columns
Actions
Alternate Text
Attached To
Available Sizes
Caption
Custom Field
Description
Dimensions
EXIF Data
File
File Name
File Size
Full Path
Height
ID
Mime Type
Taxonomy
Width
Comment columns
Actions
Agent
Approved
Author
Avatar
Custom Field
Email
IP
Name
URL
Date
Date GMT
Excerpt
ID
Post
Reply To
Type
User
Word Count
Docs & Support
Is this the first time you're using Admin Columns? Check out our Getting Started guide.
We offer an extensive and up-to-date documentation, FAQ, how-tos and an advanced Developer Documentation. For one-on-one support, please check out the Admin Columns Forums.
Translations
Thanks to the great community of translators surrounding Admin Columns, the plugin is available in many languages! To find your translation or to contribute to Admin Columns by translating it into your own language, please visit our Transifex page.
Feedback & Feature Requests
You can leave any requests or feedback on admincolumns.com.
Related Links
The words uttered by a certain secretary of state emeritus keep coming to mind as I read the accounts of Kermit Gosnell's services in Philadelphia.
Filthy equipment, underage and unqualified staff, bodies of children in orange juice containers, animals running loose. One would think that is the greater scandal here.
I have an anaphylactic response to the premise of the outrage here. What difference does it make?
The clinic I went to 30 years ago was immaculate. The furniture was comfortable. It was staffed by registered nurses and board-certified physicians. There were warm smiles, cold utensils, and a professionally produced follow-up instruction sheet to accompany you out the door. My baby was early first trimester, tiny in size.
And I am sure that my experience is exactly the same as those of the clients of Gosnell's clinic. The effect of destroying our own children and the consequent damage to our souls and society does not discriminate when it comes to hygiene, credential, or zip code.
Or size of the baby.
One step out the door, and I am quite sure I would not have noticed -- or cared -- if the place was filthy or ill-staffed.
The memory of paying a stranger to murder my own child, pretending to return to a normal life, and then subsisting in a society of unfathomable contradiction and hypocrisy toward the unborn trumps any outrage about filth or licensure for me. What difference does it make?
Almost thirty years ago to the day, I am exhausted from the pretense, denial, and fakery that is the post-abortive life. Good God, if it were any different, I would question if I am still human! Stories abound about the addiction, suicidal tendencies, and promiscuity that follow abortion. Perhaps, though, the greater population of women are like me. We returned to our careers, raised our families, and have tried daily to hide the consequences of misery and disorder that abortion has wrought in our lives. Each day its shameful reality compounds to a degree that we struggle to comprehend.
As for the effects on society and our future generations, I can only shudder. So I retreat to the aforementioned pretense and denial. I wait for the headlines and feigned outrage to disappear. They always do. Reconciliation with my God, counseling, and spiritual support only mitigate the horror and pain I live with each day.
So the fact that the place was filthy and the staff was unlicensed doesn't make a bit of difference to me. Not a damn bit of difference at all.
WASHINGTON D.C. – North Korea today warned that Japan would “not be exempt” from a pre-emptive nuclear strike, following announcements by the U.S. government that it was expanding its own missile defense systems in the region.
An article in the official North Korean Workers' Party newspaper the Rodong denounced Japanese calls for “independent additional sanctions” following Pyongyang's third nuclear test in February. Japan, the article argued, is using the nuclear test as an excuse to increase its military presence in the region.
“It is a fatal mistake for Japan to think it is safe when a war breaks out on the Korean Peninsula,” the article warned. “North Korea exercise[s] the right to a preemptive nuclear attack to destroy the strongholds of the aggressors,” the article said, claiming that Japan is included in that “stronghold.”
North Korean propaganda has been particularly venomous over the last week, with threats of preemptive strikes and a “war-like readiness” becoming an almost daily occurrence.
“The revolutionary armed forces of the DPRK are waiting for a final order, getting themselves fully ready to deluge the enemies with a shower of bullets so that they can not survive, if they provoke it,” the KCNA said in an article this morning.
The rhetoric coincides with an announcement by U.S. Secretary of Defense Chuck Hagel that new missile defense measures would be introduced to combat improved North Korean capabilities.
“The United States has missile defense systems in place to protect us from limited ICBM attacks,” Hagel said. “[But] North Korea in particular has recently made advances in capabilities and has engaged in a series of irresponsible and reckless provocations.”
On top of deploying additional missile interceptors at Fort Greely, Alaska, Hagel announced the deployment of additional radar stations in Japan that would “provide improved early warning and tracking of any missile launched from North Korea at the United States or Japan.”
The number of long-range missile interceptors is to increase from 3o to 44 by 2017. There are currently 26 missile interceptors in Fort Greely, and another four in California's Vandenberg Air Force base.
Hagel also announced the effective cancellation of a controversial missile defense program in Europe that had been fiercely opposed by Russia. “By shifting resources from this lagging program to fund the additional GBIs…we will be able to add protection against missiles from Iran sooner while also providing additional protection against the North Korean threat.”
While Russia, which voted for additional UN sanctions against North Korea earlier this month, has not given an official response, analysts believe it could lead to a breakthrough in deteriorating relations between Moscow and Washington D.C.
Jeff Lemire and Dean Ormston's Black Hammer series has spent the past year wowing us with its weird take on the golden age of superheroes, following the lives of a group of heroes banished from their home due to a multiversal crisis, and how they adapt. But now its strange, small world is about to get a bit bigger.
Just as Dark Horse has already helped expand the world of Hellboy into the wider “Mignolaverse” of related stories and characters, the company hopes to do the same for Black Hammer, starting with Sherlock Frankenstein and the Legion of Evil. The new spinoff from Lemire with art by David Rubín is set around the framing device of Lucy Weber, investigative reporter and daughter of Black Hammer, back in Spiral City exploring just how the heroes mysteriously vanished. “One question I kept asking myself while working on Black Hammer was ‘What happened to the bad guys when all these heroes disappeared?' What do the villains of Spiral City do when there are no more heroes left to fight?” Lemire said in a statement provided to io9. “I also wanted to see more of the early days of Black Hammer's daughter, Lucy Weber. So this new four issue series, illustrated by David Rubin, will answer these questions and also dive deeper into Lucy's life.”
Advertisement
But it's not just Lucy who will get a spotlight in the new series. Sherlock Frankenstein will also delve into the past of the strange villains Lucy's father and his fellow spandex-clad compatriots once called their greatest foes, helping to flesh out the world Lemire has been crafting for the past year of Black Hammer comics. “This first of a number of planned companion series to Black Hammer also puts Sherlock Frankenstein front and center,” Lemire continued. “Sherlock is Spiral City's greatest villain, and also the love interest of the long lost Golden Gail. As readers will discover, his history spans back to the dawn of the age of superheroes, and by investigating Sherlock's life, Lucy will also uncover the secret history of Black Hammer and Spiral City!”
Sherlock Frankenstein and the Legion of Evil #1 is set to release on October 18. In the meantime, Black Hammer fans can get a look at this cool SDCC-exclusive print illustrated by Lemire himself, featuring Black Hammer in an homage to Frank Miller and The Dark Knight Returns, also making its debut here on io9:
A molecular moiety or the drug class that uses it
Furosemide is a sulfonamide, but not a thiazide.
Sulfonamide is a functional group (a part of a molecule) that is the basis of several groups of drugs, which are called sulphonamides, sulfa drugs or sulpha drugs. The original antibacterial sulfonamides are synthetic (nonantibiotic) antimicrobial agents that contain the sulfonamide group. Some sulfonamides are also devoid of antibacterial activity, e.g., the anticonvulsant sultiame. The sulfonylureas and thiazide diuretics are newer drug groups based upon the antibacterial sulfonamides.[1][2]
Allergies to sulfonamide are common. The overall incidence of adverse drug reactions to sulfa antibiotics is approximately 3%, close to penicillin;[3] hence medications containing sulfonamides are prescribed carefully. It is important to make a distinction between sulfa drugs and other sulfur-containing drugs and additives, such as sulfates and sulfites, which are chemically unrelated to the sulfonamide group, and do not cause the same hypersensitivity reactions seen in the sulfonamides.
Nowadays, while sulfonamides seldom appear in the prescriptions written by doctors in developed countries, sulfonamides are still common antimicrobial medications in developing countries owing to their low price.[4]:414–416[5]:337–343
Function [ edit ]
Antimicrobial [ edit ]
In bacteria, antibacterial sulfonamides act as competitive inhibitors of the enzyme dihydropteroate synthase (DHPS), an enzyme involved in folate synthesis. Sulfonamides are therefore bacteriostatic and inhibit growth and multiplication of bacteria, but do not kill them. Humans, in contrast to bacteria, acquire folate (vitamin B 9 ) through the diet.[6]
[ contradictory ] Structural similarity between sulfonamide (left) and PABA (center) is the basis for the inhibitory activity of sulfa drugs on tetrahydrofolate (right) biosynthesis
Other uses [ edit ]
Sulfonamides are used to treat allergies and cough, as well as antifungal and antimalarial functions. The moiety is also present in other medications that are not antimicrobials, including thiazide diuretics (including hydrochlorothiazide, metolazone, and indapamide, among others), loop diuretics (including furosemide, bumetanide, and torsemide), acetazolamide, sulfonylureas (including glipizide, glyburide, among others), and some COX-2 inhibitors (e.g., celecoxib).
Sulfasalazine, in addition to its use as an antibiotic, is also used in the treatment of inflammatory bowel disease.
History [ edit ]
Sulfonamide drugs were the first antibiotics to be used systemically, and paved the way for the antibiotic revolution in medicine. The first sulfonamide, trade-named Prontosil, was a prodrug. Experiments with Prontosil began in 1932 in the laboratories of Bayer AG, at that time a component of the huge German chemical trust IG Farben. The Bayer team believed that coal-tar dyes which are able to bind preferentially to bacteria and parasites might be used to attack harmful organisms in the body. After years of fruitless trial-and-error work on hundreds of dyes, a team led by physician/researcher Gerhard Domagk[7] (working under the general direction of Farben executive Heinrich Hörlein) finally found one that worked: a red dye synthesized by Bayer chemist Josef Klarer that had remarkable effects on stopping some bacterial infections in mice.[8] The first official communication about the breakthrough discovery was not published until 1935, more than two years after the drug was patented by Klarer and his research partner Fritz Mietzsch.
Prontosil, as Bayer named the new drug, was the first medicine ever discovered that could effectively treat a range of bacterial infections inside the body. It had a strong protective action against infections caused by streptococci, including blood infections, childbed fever, and erysipelas, and a lesser effect on infections caused by other cocci. However, it had no effect at all in the test tube, exerting its antibacterial action only in live animals. Later, it was discovered by Bovet,[9] Federico Nitti and J. and Th. Jacques Tréfouël, a French research team led by Ernest Fourneau at the Pasteur Institute, that the drug was metabolized into two pieces inside the body, releasing from the inactive dye portion a smaller, colorless, active compound called sulfanilamide.[10] The discovery helped establish the concept of "bioactivation" and dashed the German corporation's dreams of enormous profit; the active molecule sulfanilamide (or sulfa) had first been synthesized in 1906 and was widely used in the dye-making industry; its patent had since expired and the drug was available to anyone.[11]
The result was a sulfa craze.[12] For several years in the late 1930s, hundreds of manufacturers produced tens of thousands of tons of myriad forms of sulfa. This and nonexistent testing requirements led to the elixir sulfanilamide disaster in the fall of 1937, during which at least 100 people were poisoned with diethylene glycol. This led to the passage of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act in 1938 in the United States. As the first and only effective antibiotic available in the years before penicillin, sulfa drugs continued to thrive through the early years of World War II.[13] They are credited with saving the lives of tens of thousands of patients, including Franklin Delano Roosevelt Jr. (son of US President Franklin Delano Roosevelt) and Winston Churchill.[14][15] Sulfa had a central role in preventing wound infections during the war. American soldiers were issued a first-aid kit containing sulfa pills and powder, and were told to sprinkle it on any open wound.
The sulfanilamide compound is more active in the protonated form. The drug has very low solubility and sometimes can crystallize in the kidneys, due to its first pK a of around 10. This is a very painful experience, so patients are told to take the medication with copious amounts of water. Newer analogous compounds prevent this complication because they have a lower pK a , around 5–6,[citation needed] making them more likely to remain in a soluble form.
Many thousands of molecules containing the sulfanilamide structure have been created since its discovery (by one account, over 5,400 permutations by 1945), yielding improved formulations with greater effectiveness and less toxicity. Sulfa drugs are still widely used for conditions such as acne and urinary tract infections, and are receiving renewed interest for the treatment of infections caused by bacteria resistant to other antibiotics.
Preparation [ edit ]
Sulfonamides are prepared by the reaction of a sulfonyl chloride with ammonia or an amine. Certain sulfonamides (sulfadiazine or sulfamethoxazole) are sometimes mixed with the drug trimethoprim, which acts against dihydrofolate reductase. As of 2013, the Republic of Ireland is the largest exporter worldwide of sulfonamides, accounting for approximately 32% of total exports.[16]
List of sulfonamides [ edit ]
Trimethoprim Sulfadiazine Azulfidine(sulfasalazine)
Children's antibacterial drugs [ edit ]
Antimicrobials [ edit ]
Sulfonylureas (anti-diabetic agents) [ edit ]
Diuretics [ edit ]
Anticonvulsants [ edit ]
Dermatologicals [ edit ]
Antiretrovirals [ edit ]
Amprenavir (HIV protease inhibitor)
Darunavir (HIV protease inhibitor)
Delavirdine (non-nucleoside reverse transcriptase inhibitor)
Fosamprenavir (HIV protease inhibitor)
Tipranavir (HIV protease inhibitor)
Hepatitis C antivirals [ edit ]
Asunaprevir (NS3/4A protease inhibitor)
Beclabuvir (NS5B RNA polymerase inhibitor)
Dasabuvir (NS5B RNA polymerase inhibitor)
Grazoprevir (NS3/4A protease inhibitor)
Paritaprevir (NS3/4A protease inhibitor)
Simeprevir (NS3/4A protease inhibitor)
Stimulant [ edit ]
Other [ edit ]
Side effects [ edit ]
Allergic urticaria on the skin induced by an antibiotic
Sulfonamides have the potential to cause a variety of untoward reactions, including urinary tract disorders, haemopoietic disorders, porphyria and hypersensitivity reactions. When used in large doses, they may cause a strong allergic reaction. The most serious of these are classified as severe cutaneous adverse reactions (i.e. SCARs) and include the Stevens–Johnson syndrome, toxic epidermal necrolysis (also known as Lyell syndrome), the DRESS syndrome, and a not quite as serious SCARs reaction, acute generalized exanthematous pustulosis. Any one of these SCARs may be triggered by certain sulfonamides.[3]
Approximately 3% of the general population have adverse reactions when treated with sulfonamide antimicrobials. Of note is the observation that patients with HIV have a much higher prevalence, at about 60%.[19]
Hypersensitivity reactions are less common in nonantibiotic sulfonamides, and, though controversial, the available evidence suggests those with hypersensitivity to sulfonamide antibiotics do not have an increased risk of hypersensitivity reaction to the nonantibiotic agents.[20] A key component to the allergic response to sulfonamide antibiotics is the arylamine group at N4, found in sulfamethoxazole, sulfasalazine, sulfadiazine, and the anti-retrovirals amprenavir and fosamprenavir. Other sulfonamide drugs do not contain this arylamine group; available evidence suggests that patients who are allergic to arylamine sulfonamides do not cross-react to sulfonamides that lack the arylamine group, and may therefore safely take non-arylamine sulfonamides.[21] It has therefore been argued that the terms 'sulfonamide allergy' or 'sulfa allergy' are misleading, and should be replaced by a reference to a specific drug (e.g. 'cotrimoxazole allergy').[22]
Two regions of the sulfonamide antibiotic chemical structure are implicated in the hypersensitivity reactions associated with the class.
The first is the N1 heterocyclic ring, which causes a type I hypersensitivity reaction.
The second is the N4 amino nitrogen that, in a stereospecific process, forms reactive metabolites that cause either direct cytotoxicity or immunologic response.
The nonantibiotic sulfonamides lack both of these structures.[23]
The most common manifestations of a hypersensitivity reaction to sulfa drugs are rash and hives. However, there are several life-threatening manifestations of hypersensitivity to sulfa drugs, including Stevens–Johnson syndrome, toxic epidermal necrolysis, agranulocytosis, hemolytic anemia, thrombocytopenia, fulminant hepatic necrosis, and acute pancreatitis, among others.[24]
See also [ edit ]
First and foremost, this skin looks freaking bananas.. incredibly good job to your art and modeling department, much deserved kudos to all of you. That being said, I have to admit that I'm less than impressed with the new voiceover. There's so much distortion and reverb that it's incredibly hard to hear what she's saying at all. I like the idea of adding an 'electronic' edge to her voice for this skin, but you guys have to seriously tone back on the distortion/reverb, or it's just gonna sound like a really big echo'y mess. I've included a YouTube link to the new voiceover so you can listen to it and draw your own conclusions. You guys have a *really* good product here, and my wife and I will be insta-buying it as soon as it drops, but please, consider doing something with the voiceover. The only other minor pet peeve I have is not being able to select which song I want to listen to when she's on my team, but that's relatively minor considering how overbearing the VO issue is. Regards, Tech
Title
Body Cancel
Save
November 14, 2013 marked the ninth annual Guinness World Records Day, where people around the globe attempt to break world records.
Unveiled that day at the Palace Museum in Beijing was an astonishing wooden sculpture by Chinese artist Zheng Chunhui. The wooden carving took four years to complete. The sculpture, carved from a single tree trunk, measures 12.286 meters long, 3.075 meters high and 2.401 meters wide (40.308 x 10.088 x 7.877 ft).
The sculpture is based on the famous scroll painting Along the River During the Qingming Festival (c 1085-1145), which captures the daily life of people and the landscape of the capital, Bianjing (today Kaifeng). The original painting is one of the most renowned work among all Chinese paintings and has even been called, ‘China's Mona Lisa' for its recognizability. [Source]
Zheng's intricate sculpture features boats, bridges, buildings and over 550 individually carved people. The Palace Museum where the sculpture was unveiled is also home to the original scroll painting.
[Sources: Ecns.cn, Daily Mail, Guinness World Records, My Modern Met]
1.
Artwork by ZHENG CHUNHUI
2.
Artwork by ZHENG CHUNHUI
3.
Artwork by ZHENG CHUNHUI
4.
Artwork by ZHENG CHUNHUI
5.
Artwork by ZHENG CHUNHUI
6.
Artwork by ZHENG CHUNHUI
7.
Artwork by ZHENG CHUNHUI
Along the River During the Qingming Festival
Zhang Zeduan – c 1085-1145
25.5 x 525 cm | 10 x 207 in -scrollbar at bottom-
Malta Out, Croatia and Iceland in, Says HBO
Finally providing confirmation for what had apparently been the case for awhile, HBO has released the following statement concerning the three locations in which shooting for the second season of Game of Thrones would be taking place:
Two additional locations have been chosen for the second season of the HBO series, Game of Thrones. The production, based in Belfast, Northern Ireland, will shoot segments of the new season in Croatia and Iceland. Croatian sites will serve as some of the Southern locations in the series while several scenes “beyond the Wall” will be shot in Iceland.
We've previously reported on the shooting locations topic. For those Maltese extras and fans who had hoped to see the production shooting there again, this must be a disappointment, but we know that there'll be a whole lot of Croatian fans eager to know all about the filming there—much of it centered on scenic medieval city Dubrovnik, where casting for extras is ongoing, according to Dubrovinknet (Croatian).
A Volkswagen paralisou temporariamente a produção dos modelos Up e Voyage. A decisão é resultado das férias coletivas concedidas a 4.200 funcionários dos 5 mil trabalhadores de sua fábrica de veículos compactos em Taubaté (SP) até 18 de abril. As informações são do Sindicato dos Metalúrgicos de Taubaté e Região. Representantes da montadora não puderam comentar o assunto de imediato.
Segundo a entidade, a decisão da montadora ocorreu diante da suspensão do terceiro turno, que emprega cerca de 970 funcionários que serão remanejados para os dois outros turnos. Essa alteração vai demandar mudanças no sistema de produção, o que exigirá a paralisação da fábrica e por isso foram concedidas as férias coletivas, disse o sindicato. Outros 500 funcionários da fábrica estão afastados e 250 com contratos de trabalho suspensos, o chamado “Layoff”.
A Volkswagen anunciou em fevereiro do ano passado investimento de R$ 1,2 bilhão na fábrica de Taubaté para a implantação da linha de produção do Up. Segundo o sindicato, a Volkswagen tinha planejado produzir 1.400 carros por dia na fábrica, mas a produção atual está em 850 unidades.
As vendas de veículos novos no Brasil no primeiro bimestre recuaram 23% ante o mesmo período do ano passado, para cerca de 186 mil unidades. Segundo a associação de montadoras, Anfavea, o setor terminou fevereiro com queda de cerca de 9% no total de funcionários ocupados, a 142,3 mil.
Ainda segundo o sindicato, a fábrica de componentes para motores da Ford, também em Taubaté, mantém 137 trabalhadores em suspensão de contrato de trabalho. “Eles deveriam voltar amanhã ao trabalho, mas ainda dependem de decisão da empresa, que iniciou o Layoff em julho passado”, disse a assessoria de imprensa da entidade. A fábrica da montadora norte-americana emprega cerca de 1.500 trabalhadores.
This 1990 Lancia Delta Integrale is a fully UK road legal example that's been prepped for rally duty with many Group A homolgated parts, big Wilwood brakes, a rebuilt motor with forged pistons and much more detailed below and in the listing itself. Many of these UK-based cars were aftermarket converted to RHD early in life, so it's nice to see this one retain original, factory-spec left-hand steering. Find it here on eBay in Ringwood, Hampshire, England with no reserve. Special thanks to UK reader Mark J. for the submission!
​The car wears a convincing Martini livery similar to that used on some Lancia works cars, though the seller admits that it's now somewhat tired and in need of refreshing following rally use. Compomotive TH2's on an Integrale are among the best-matched car/wheel combos ever devised, and we also like the Group A mirrors and roof-mount vent flap. By all accounts we've read the RHD conversion used on these cars employed a different steering rack and pedal box, each contributing in small but noticeable ways to a lessened driving experience—one more reason to be thankful for this one's originality.
​Inside the fully-caged interior we have seen Group A-spec Kevlar floor inserts and shifter, carbon fiber door cards, plumbed-in fire suppression system, Brantz rally meter, flocked, toggle-switch strewn dash, and a battery relocated to the bare trunk. Seats and six-point harnesses look serious, but the former are said to be expired under FIA scrutineering as of 2013. We'd love to drive this thing on the streets, but imagine it may be very difficult to communicate with a passenger if it weren't for the included intercom system–straight pipes see to that.
​The turbocharged, 16 valve motor in these cars traces its lineage back to the Lampredi-designed twin cam first utilized in the Fiat 124, and though quite different from the original's architecture at this stage of evolution they nonetheless retained a similar eager, revvy, flexible nature as early, eight valves, naturally aspirated variants. This one is said to run forged pistons, upgraded cams and (we suspect) much more, an expensive looking, large-bore header hinting at a big turbo. The car will need a new clutch (it's unexplained why a recently changed item failed almost immediately) and some cosmetic tidying, but overall we're impressed.
​Provided the weird driveline issue isn't indicative of some other major, undiagnosed problem we think this one could make a lot of sense for someone looking to get into high-level amateur rallying or in need of a fast, distinct and slightly insane B-road blaster—or both.
Ah, NFL training camp: A time for teammates to bond and/or ridicule each other.
Courtesy of Eagles quarterback Mark Sanchez (and thanks to FoxSports.com), we get both. On Wednesday, he posted the video you see above on his Instagram page (with its 22,000-plus followers) featuring tackle Lane Johnson and tight end Zach Ertz chilling together in an Epsom salt bath.
The pair weren't that happy about being filmed, so they tried to hide their faces while staring at their smartphones.
"Had to get these boys on camera snuggling up in the Epsom salt bath... Smh trying to hide their faces too! '2 Guys 1 Tub,'" read Sanchez's caption.
Click on the video above to see Sanchez's humorous invasion of teammate privacy.
Follow Charles Curtis on Twitter @charlescurtis82. Find NJ.com on Facebook.
Donald Trump Donald John TrumpHouse committee believes it has evidence Trump requested putting ally in charge of Cohen probe: report Vietnamese airline takes steps to open flights to US on sidelines of Trump-Kim summit Manafort's attorneys say he should get less than 10 years in prison MORE on Tuesday called for President Obama to be "investigated" over Hillary Clinton Hillary Diane Rodham ClintonSanders: 'I fully expect' fair treatment by DNC in 2020 after 'not quite even handed' 2016 primary Sanders: 'Damn right' I'll make the large corporations pay 'fair share of taxes' Former Sanders campaign spokesman: Clinton staff are 'biggest a--holes in American politics' MORE's use of a private email server while secretary of State, citing newly released emails published by WikiLeaks.
"That's why he stuck up for Hillary, because he didn't want to be dragged in. Because he knew all about her private server," the GOP presidential nominee told Reuters.
"This means that he has to be investigated," Trump said.
ADVERTISEMENT
Trump has seized on a newly leaked email exchange from Clinton's campaign chairman, John Podesta, published by WikiLeaks.
The exchange between Podesta and longtime Clinton aide Cheryl Mills came after Obama's March 2015 television interview in which the president said he discovered through news reports that Clinton, now the Democratic presidential nominee, used a private server.
"We need to clean this up - he has emails from her - they do not say state.gov," Mills wrote to Podesta in an email published by WikiLeaks.
White House press secretary Josh Earnest explained days later at a daily briefing that Obama knew about Clinton's email address because he had sent messages to it but was unaware of the arrangement to store her email for archiving.
The White House The White House insisted on Tuesday that Obama's comments at the time last year were "entirely factual." "What the president said was an entirely factual response,” Earnest told reporters Tuesday. "I recognize that some of the president's critics have attempted to construct some type of conspiracy about the communication between the president and the secretary of State,” Earnest said. “But they've failed to put forward a conspiracy that withstands any scrutiny, so I guess they are back to recycling thoroughly debunked conspiracies." Trump escalated his attacks on Obama during a rally Tuesday afternoon in Sanford, Fla., calling Obama a "phony" and harping on the WikiLeaks emails as evidence that the president is now involved in the controversy over Clinton's email server.
"That means Obama is now into the act," Trump said at Tuesday's rally. "And now I understand, despite his hatred of the Clintons ... now I understand why he pushed her, because he didn't want to get caught up in the big lie.
"This guy — he's as bad as she is," Trump said.
The GOP nominee also hammered Clinton over the investigation, arguing that her "criminal conduct" was a threat to "the foundations of democracy." He has previously called for a special prosecutor to investigate Clinton if he's elected president.
“We have to investigate the investigation," Trump said.
Michael Ford is an author and co-president of the Greater Church of Lucifer which is set to open in Old Town Spring October 30th. Luciferians believe in the importance of self liberation from restrictive beliefs. Locally, the church has about 30 members. Thursday, Oct. 8, 2015, in Spring. less Michael Ford is an author and co-president of the Greater Church of Lucifer which is set to open in Old Town Spring October 30th. Luciferians believe in the importance of self liberation from restrictive ... more Photo: Marie D. De Jesus, Houston Chronicle Photo: Marie D. De Jesus, Houston Chronicle Image 1 of / 14 Caption Close Greater Churches of Lucifer's opening in Texas billed as historic first 1 / 14 Back to Gallery
"We're the first ever of our kind to be very open about this," said Jacob No (not his real name), among the organizers of the international organization's Houston branch.
While the Greater Church of Lucifer is certainly a first for Spring, a suburb north of Houston, No maintains that its open doors are a first in worldwide history.
"This is the first building in the history of the church that's open to the public," he said Wednesday in a phone interview.
Grand opening is scheduled for the evening of Oct. 30 at 310 Main in Old Town Spring. No declined to give the exact time, to discourage trouble.
"My main concern is picketers and people with guns," he said. "We're getting a lot of hate, but we just want to coexist."
The group's name may be misleading, since it does not refer to Satan.
"We are not devil worshipers in any form of the word," he said. "We're not a scary people. We're very nice people."
Lucifer, he said, is Latin for "morning star" or "bearer of light," so the Greater Church of Lucifer roughly translates to a "gathering of people of like mind who seek the bearer of light or the light."
No said he uses a fictitious name to protect his family, since the church and its central beliefs are widely misunderstood.
For out-of-towners planning to attend the opening ceremonies, the group is offering a $250 travel package that includes lodging, food and local transportation for the Oct. 30-Nov. 1 weekend. The package can be purchased through the church website until Oct. 10.
For local residents, tickets for a $25 catered luncheon are also available on the website until Oct. 10.
The BBC managed to grab a screenshot of the tweet before the Taliban spokesman appeared to turn off the geolocation feature
When a Taliban spokesman took to Twitter on Friday to claim credit for an attack, the post included geolocation information that claimed the message was written from Sindh, Pakistan. The next day Zabihullah Mujahid went back to Twitter to say that the whole thing was an “enemy plot” and that he was definitely in Afghanistan.
“My Twitter account has been manipulated—as part of weak efforts of enemy plot, it showed that I am based in Sindh of Pakistan, I call this attempt as fake and shame [sic],” he wrote, according to the BBC. “Now, the enemy's fake act has been exposed, and with full confidence, I can say that I am in my own country.”
The supposed plot immediately raised eyebrows because Pakistan has often been accused of providing shelter to Taliban leaders. “All geolocation information begins as a location (latitude and longitude), sent from your browser or device,” explains Twitter in its FAQ about the geolocation feature. “Remember, once you post something online, it's out there for others to see.”
Shooting for myself brings freedom to my work I never had in the past. When you shoot in a specific field, there seems to be a ton of rules you have to follow and there's not a ton of room for something different. It can get suffocating.
I've been an art director for magazines for fifteen years. When I give directions to photographers, there are certain shots I'm looking for. For instance, when someone is shooting for a cover, cleaner backgrounds, ample space around the subjects, and shot in portrait (long) are minimal requirements. These little rules build and build.
When I originally started my old photography business, a lot of these rules carried over into that work. Most of my portrait work, I was always “shooting for the cover.” Don't get me wrong, this is probably much more helpful in portrait work than hurtful. I just imagined everything I shot how it would fit into a magazine layout.
So when I finally started shooting for myself, what changed?
The quick answer, I had to shake off a lot of these rules I created for my own work. It changed little things like how I exposed an image, whether I framed an image in portrait or landscape, and just shooting for an emotion or feeling. This is my personal experience and I'm sure this process is actually the opposite for a lot of people.
As I continue shooting, though, the more I crave a purpose for my work. As much as I love creating for creation's sake, I feel like there needs to be a bigger reason someone would want to look at my work. However, does the purpose need to be career or money related?
Whenever we invest time into something, there needs to be some kind of pay off. We go to school, we get an education and a degree. We go to work, we get paid. We eat better, we lose weight. Whatever it is, that goal, that result, is a big motivation to keep going.
For some, there's pure satisfaction for just practicing a skill but at the end of the day, I want to grow.
A friend of mine told me the other day that as long as I'm enjoying the process, just continue shooting because people are enjoying the photos I share. I 100% agree with this. I'm the worst at stopping to just smell the roses and enjoy each day for what it is. It's something I have to be mindful of daily.
I'll always be conflicted, though. Is it better to go with the flow and do it for yourself or will it lead to complacency and never achieving bigger and better things. In the end, it's a question we have to ask ourselves—what do we actually want.
And knowing what we want can be the hardest thing to figure out.
The main thing is to not let the question of “why” you do something stagnate your process. Even if I'm not sure what my goal is right now, every photo I take is another step in growing as an artist. I've been dabbling in different processing techniques, subject matter, and lighting situations despite not having a “goal” for my work at the moment. These are things I may not have tried before and, who knows, maybe it's exactly what I need right now to get to that next place in my journey.
DHAKA, April 13 (Reuters) - The government in energy-starved Bangladesh has given approval for a deal with Russia to build a 1,000-megawatt nuclear power plant, officials said on Tuesday.
“The approval was accorded at a cabinet meeting chaired by Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina late on Monday,” Hasina's press secretary Abul Kalam Azad, told Reuters.
He did not say when the deal would be signed.
Bangladesh plans to set up the nuclear power plants at Rooppur, 200 km (125 miles) northwest of the capital Dhaka, to help deal with growing power shortages.
Officials from both sides recently sorted out terms and conditions and the two countries clinched an initial agreement on the project last year, energy officials said.
The plant is expected to cost up to $2 billion and to begin generating electricity by 2014, the ministry of power, energy and mineral resources said.
Growing concern over power shortages led Bangladesh to consider nuclear as natural gas reserves are fast depleting and most coalfields remain unexploited.
The country has nearly 60 power plants, mostly decades old and all fuelled by gas and coal.
A power official said the country of 150 million experiences daily power shortfalls of 2,000 megawatts. Peak-hour demand stands at about 5,500 megawatts. (Reporting by Nizam Ahmed; Editing by Ron Popeski)
stirdrawsandreblaws:
grohiikzeymah:
ok so. as a white person, it's not my place to talk over poc. however, I do make it a goal to educate where i can and shut down bs when i see it, so i'll go ahead and cite some things for you
now, because the definition of racism i quoted as defined in my first response was written by kali tal, who (while an outspoken intersectional feminist since the 80s who has done fuckloads of pieces on historical revisionism and is A+ at calling white people out on their shit) is white, i figured you should hear the definitions along the same lines from other poc, especially black people
SO. i should note that the grounds for that definition probably came from spike lee during either an interview in 1990: “Racism is when you have laws set up, systematically put in a way to keep people from advancing, to stop the advancement of a people. Black people have never had the power to enforce racism, and so this is something that white America is going to have to work out themselves. If they decide they want to stop it, curtail it, or to do the right thing … then it will be done, but not until then.”
might have been helped along by something from another interview in 1991: “Black people can't be racist. Racism is an institution. Black people don't have the power to keep hundreds of people from getting jobs or the vote. Black people didn't bring anybody over in boats. They had to add shit to the Constitution so we could get the vote. Affirmative action is about finished in this country now. It's through. And black people had nothing to do with that, those kinds of decisions. So how can black people be racist when that's the standard? Now, black people can be prejudiced. Shit, everybody's prejudiced about something.”
got that info from an article by Clarence Page that you are free to peruse
also here's chescaleigh, sistah vegan (who also had this little gem: I also want to remind people of this: just because someone comments on a blog and claims to be a certain identity, doesn't mean it is true. For example, anyone can come on here claiming to be a Black woman who doesn't believe that racism exists when in reality, they could be a bored 12 year old boy using their spare time to troll. and i'm just squinting really hard at you rn grohiikzeymah) and my personal fave marfmellow, who also addresses the concept of lateral racism
since I'm dumping informative links, here's a bonus short piece on why it's important to keep the focus on sexual violence attention directed at women and girls, written by a black man under the username BeingHuman
and (this one's by a white person, but) for white folks reading this that might need it: Racism 101 for Clueless White People, Written by a Slightly Less Clueless White Person
Studio Libeskind has won planning permission to build a 105-metre-high pointed skyscraper in the centre of Jerusalem – set to become the city's second-tallest building.
Called the Pyramid Tower, the 26-storey, mixed-use building will be constructed next to the Mahane Yehuda market – commonly called "The Shuk" – in the centre of the Israeli city.
With a height of 105 metres, it will be just 16 metres shorter than the city's tallest building – the 121-metre-high Holyland Tower 1.
Designed in conjunction with local architect Yigal Levi, the tower will contain 200 luxury apartments, a boutique hotel, and a rooftop restaurant and observatory that will offer sweeping views.
The tower's tapered form will create open space around the structure and enables natural light to reach ground-level spaces, said architect Daniel Libeskind, who was born in Poland and is based in New York.
Libeskind is well known for his expressive and often angular architecture. Recent completed projects include a convention centre in the Beligan city of Mons and housing complex in Milan designed with Zaha Hadid.
A guiding force during the design process for the Pyramid Tower was the site's historic context, said Libeskind.
Related story Daniel Libeskind plans three angular skyscrapers for Rome
"The Pyramid mediates between ancient traditions and myths, while providing a 21st century reinterpretation of that great form," he said."The design complements the context and gives the neighbourhood a vibrant public space in the heart of the ancient city."
The building's facade will feature a geometric pattern made of Jerusalem stone and glass – a fusion of vernacular and modern design, according to the firm.
"The pattern and relief of the facade refers to traditional, local typologies while also fulfilling contemporary functions," said the firm.
The 35,000-square-metre project also features a public plaza at ground level. An arched colonnade will connect the plaza to a shopping arcade.
"With its many amenities and public spaces, The Pyramid is set to become an integral part of the neighbourhood, servicing citizens and tourists alike," Studio Libeskind said.
The project is expected to break ground by 2019. According to reports, construction must begin within five years or the building permits could be revoked.
The design was approved in May by a planning and building committee headed by the city's deputy mayor Kobi Kahlon.
Locally, the tower has earned the nickname "Freedom Pyramid" – a reference to Libeskind's proposed Freedom Tower for the World Trade Center site in New York.
Studio Libeskind has offices in New York City, Milan and Zurich. Daniel Libeskind founded the firm in 1989 with his wife, Nina, after he won the competition to design the Jewish Museum Berlin.
President-elect Donald Trump's victory spurred outrage among people on social media and stunned many of his critics. But the election results — with Republicans holding the Senate and House majorities — have raised specific practical challenges for transgender Americans.
On social media, trans people and advocates advised one another to change their names and gender identities on legal documents as soon as possible.
Being misgendered, which includes being addressed by a gender one doesn't identify with, can often times make a person feel demeaned. The state and federal governments allowing trans people to acquire documentation that corresponds with their identities isn't just a matter of language -- it can make housing, employment, healthcare and other services a less complex application process.
The requirements to make the changes vary greatly across the country and the process can get complicated and financially overwhelming, according to the National Center for Transgender Equality.
Twitter user @dtwps, a black nonbinary femme from New York, created #translawhelp to connect transgender individuals with lawyers willing to provide pro-bono advice.
"Sometimes it's just hard to find information on what the exact law is," they, the creator of the hashtag, who requested to remain anonymous, said to ATTN:. "I hoped that getting some pro-bono legal representation would expedite the process."
They added, "Just having a lawyer there to ask a very simple question could be useful."
The tweet and hashtag prompted rapid responses from lawyers and those seeking legal guidance on Wednesday.
The Trump administration's specific policy plans on transgender rights remain unclear at the moment but the anxiety his win ignited is not unfounded.
From Broadly:
"Trump has previously seemed fine with trans Americans (he allowed a trans woman to compete in his Miss Universe pageant, and said Caitlyn Jenner can use the women's bathrooms of Trump Tower), but recently he began supporting anti-trans legislation, like the vile HB2 in North Carolina—a bill that strips away protections for a wide range of diverse identities, including trans people. Many worry that similar legislation will become more possible under Trump rule—especially given his running mate's history of fighting against LGBT equality."
It has been reported by Advocate that transgender people experience disproportionately high levels of poverty. However, the outpouring of support for the trans community on Twitter this week could make a huge difference in people's lives.
The couple were in the process of getting a divorce, said King County sheriff's spokeswoman Cindi West.
A woman was shot and killed Friday night in SeaTac by her husband, who then attempted to kill himself, said Cindi West, a King County Sheriff's Office spokeswoman.
“Our suspect fired multiple shots, shooting and killing his wife, and then turned the gun on himself — shot himself in the face,” West said.
Medics tried to revive the woman, but she died at the scene. The man was taken to Harborview Medical Center and is expected to live, West said.
The couple was at the home with their teenage son and the man's mother.
“They (the couple) were in the process of a divorce,” West said. The son had heard them arguing before the shots were fired, she said.
“It's devastating,” West said. “Some of the woman's family is there, and they're distraught.”
Next USAC meeting Nov. 18 at 7 p.m.
The undergraduate student government will limit public comments to two hours and restrict access for the press and public at its next meeting, where councilmembers will vote on a controversial divestment resolution.
The meeting, which will be held seventh week, will include a vote on a resolution calling for the University of California to divest from companies that some students say profit from the Israeli occupation of the West Bank and the Gaza Strip. Students for Justice in Palestine is bringing the resolution before the council.
Last year, a similar resolution failed in a 5-7-0 vote after about nine hours of public comments. Many students and former councilmembers said they felt unsafe before, during and after the meeting.
The Undergraduate Students Association Council will attempt to hold the meeting in Ackerman Grand Ballroom at its normal meeting time at 7 p.m. on Nov. 18.
USAC added a discussion item to its agenda at the beginning of the meeting Tuesday, and the councilmembers informally approved the special guidelines to prevent some of the challenges that faced last year's council.
To ensure only members of the UCLA community attend the meeting, attendees will have to present a BruinCard, said USAC President Devin Murphy. The meeting will have security, likely provided by UCLA community service officers, he added.
UCLA Student Media representatives will be the only members of the press allowed to attend the meeting and will be required to register through the USAC Office of the President and bring a valid press pass.
The council will only allow undergraduate students to speak during public comment, which will be restricted to two hours. USAC's bylaws allow for 30 minutes of public comments, but the council plans to suspend its bylaws at the meeting, Murphy said.
For the two hours, a limited set of public commenters – 30 in support of the resolution and 30 against it – will be allowed to speak, followed by two special presentations from student groups for and against the resolution. The council will determine public commenters on a first-come, first-served sign-up sheet, operated through the Resolution Reform forum on the USAC website.
Avinoam Baral, USAC internal vice president, will be responsible for organizing the two special presentations. Councilmembers said they hope one presentation will be given by Students for Justice in Palestine to represent support for the resolution and one will be given by Bruins for Israel to present the opposing arguments.
Compiled by Jillian Frankel, Bruin contributor.
Wide receiver Torrey Smith and quarterback Blaine Gabbert organized at least one informal, modestly attended practice at San Jose State last week before the 49ers reported for training camp Saturday.
Smith said about six other teammates, presumably wide receivers, attended.
“It wasn't like we rallied everyone together,” Smith said. “It was like, ‘Who's in town? OK, let's go.'”
Smith said quarterback Colin Kaepernick did not attend. Kaepernick was in Vail, Colo., during the week and received medical clearance to participate in training camp after having had surgery on his thumb, shoulder and knee since late November.
“I guess he was traveling,” Smith said. “Taking care of his business.”
Smith and Jerome Simpson are the only 49ers wide receivers who have more than 36 career receptions. Anquan Boldin , 35, who led the team in receptions and receiving yards the past three seasons, signed with the Lions on Thursday.
Smith acknowledged that he needs to assume more of a leadership role with Boldin elsewhere.
“I think it's definitely more pressure because before there was Anquan … as well as Jerome,” Smith said. “Now it's just two of us. Obviously, with one person gone, there's more responsibility for us to share. We're going to make sure we're doing things the right way.”
Help from the enemy: Defensive tackles DeForest Buckner and Arik Armstead spent part of their offseason training in Buckner's home state of Hawaii with ... the enemy.
One of their training partners was Seahawks defensive end Michael Bennett , 30, a seven-year veteran who has 34.5 sacks since 2012.
“He definitely taught me and Arik a bunch,” Buckner said. “He took us under his wing for the couple days that we were working out with him. Even though he plays for the Seahawks, he was a really big help, helping us with our pass-rush game.”
Buckner, the No. 7 pick in this year's draft, and Armstead, the No. 17 pick in 2015, are close friends who were teammates at Oregon.
In his first season, Armstead had 19 tackles and two sacks in an off-the-bench role.
Buckner's goal for his rookie campaign? “To be honest,” he said, “win Rookie of the Year.”
Eric Branch is a San Francisco Chronicle staff writer.
Going Off Grid – The secret way to hide something on a Tableau Dashboard
Wouldn't it be great if there was a way to hide something on a Tableau Dashboard? Something you, the designer wanted to see, but not something the end-user of the published dashboard should see.
Maybe it's a set of instructions to remind yourself of how quick filters and parameters should be set prior to publishing. Maybe it's a drop down control for your action filter(s) so you can see what actions have been triggered and easily reset the action. Maybe it's an email message from the private account of a government official that you want to keep from the prying eyes of the public.
Whatever the case, there is a way!
Click to enlarge image
You can place any dashboard item just off the dashboard (in a fixed size dashboard) and when it's published, the end-user will never see it.
How to get the dashboard item to the hidden place
The only trick is how to get something off the dashboard. If you drag it there you get nothing. Or if it was already on the dashboard, dragging it off is the same thing as removing it.
So instead, place it on the “real dashboard” as a floating item. Then use the Position controls in the lower left to set the X and Y coordinates to position it off the dashboard.
The end result is a published dashboard that hides all the elements that were off the dashboard.
I sure wish I'd known this technique when I developed to Choose Your Own Adventure or BlackJack! dashboards. Then, I created a secondary dashboard with everything on it and a special action filter to “reset” the dashboard as I designed and tested. Instead, I could have just hidden the action filters off-grid and reset as desired.
Check out the dashboard in action:
All the hidden items I added to the dashboard are there, but in order to see all my secrets you'll have to download the workbook and open it in Desktop…
Like this tip? Please leave a comment – I'd love to hear your feedback. Also look for the Share and Subscribe links if you'd like to keep up with the tips and share the knowledge! Until next time…
National Security Agency contractor Harold Thomas Martin III was arrested and is suspected of having stolen and disclosed government secrets.
The FBI raided his residence in August and searched his home, vehicle and two sheds where they found top secret documents. The NSA breach has raised questions about how secure the nation's intelligence organization is. Martin has been compared to NSA whistleblower Edward Snowden who revealed the extent of the NSA surveillance programs in 2013. This marks the second time in three years that a government insider was caught stealing state secrets from the NSA, reports the New York Times.
1. Investigators Found Top Secret Documents and Government Property Worth Over $1000 while Searching his Maryland Residence
FBI arrests NSA contractor suspected of removing classified data: Harold Thomas Martin III, 51, of Glen Burnie,… https://t.co/2EnEERfUcO — Breaking PDX News (@breakingPDXnews) October 5, 2016
According to the Department of Justice, authorities found six classified government documents from sensitive intelligence when they searched Martin's home in Glen Burnie, Maryland on August 27. They found documents in hard copy and electronic form as well as government property Martin stole that cost over $1,000, according to the press release:
During execution of the warrants, investigators located hard copy documents and digital information stored on various devices and removable digital media. A large percentage of the materials recovered from Martin's residence and vehicle bore markings indicating that they were property of the United States and contained highly classified information of the United States, including Top Secret and Sensitive Compartmented Information (SCI). In addition, investigators located property of the United States with an aggregate value in excess of $1,000, which Martin allegedly stole. The complaint alleges that among the classified documents found in the search were six classified documents obtained from sensitive intelligence and produced by a government agency in 2014. These documents were produced through sensitive government sources, methods, and capabilities, which are critical to a wide variety of national security issues. The disclosure of the documents would reveal those sensitive sources, methods, and capabilities. The documents have been reviewed by a person designated as an original classification authority, and in each instance, the authority has determined that the documents are currently and properly classified as Top Secret, meaning that unauthorized disclosure reasonably could be expected to cause exceptionally grave damage to the national security of the United States.
You can read the full complaint against Martin below:
The 51-year-old Martin appeared before the U.S. District Court in Baltimore on August 29. He could face a maximum sentence of 11 years in prison if he is convicted, the DOJ says. He remains in custody.
2. The NSA Contractor Served in the Navy from 1987 to 2000 and Reached the Rank of Lieutenant
The US Navy has confirmed that Martin served 13 years with the Navy. Federal public defender James Wyda praised Martin for his period of service and said there's no evidence he betrayed America, according to the Baltimore Sun. In the 1990s, he worked aboard the combat support ship USS Seattle, which was serving in Operation Desert Storm in Iraq at the time. Afterwards, he was assigned to a post in Washington.
“He served this nation honorably in the US Navy and he has devoted his entire career to protecting his country,” said Wyda.
3. Martin had Some of the Same Materials as The Shadow Brokers, a Group that Posted NSA Hacking Tools for $500 Million
So if Martin ISN'T Shadow Brokers guy, it means NSA has got pwned two times in immediate wake of Snowden, and for at least 6 months after. — emptywheel (@emptywheel) October 5, 2016
Some of the materials in Martin's possession were also found among The Shadow Brokers. The group listed NSA hacking tools and state secrets for $500 million. The Shadow Group leaked NSA code in August that was used to infiltrate the networks of foreign governments. When news of the leak broke, Snowden speculated in a tweet that Russia was the perpetrator.
An insider may have also shared the secrets with The Shadow Brokers. However, besides the similarity in the materials Martin had, no link has been found, according to officials. Investigators have not ruled out the possibility that someone had stolen the documents from Martin's home computers.
Martin's ex-wife Elizabeth Martin says she highly doubts that Martin would have disclosed classified documents. She said of Martin: “He was one of the most patriotic people I knew.”
4. Martin's Lawyer says that the NSA Contractor ‘Loves his Family and His Country' and Added There's No Evidence of Betrayal
Federal public defender James Wyda is representing Martin, according to the Baltimore Sun.
“There's no evidence that Hal Martin has betrayed his country. What we do know is that Hal Martin loves his family and his country. He served this nation honorably in the US Navy and he has devoted his entire career to protecting his country,” Wyda told the newspaper. “We look forward to defending Hal Martin in court.”
Neighbors described Martin as the quiet, studious type, reports the New York Times. He graduated from the University of Wisconsin with a bachelor's degree in economics and earned his master's in information systems as George Mason University. He lived with his wife Deborah Vinson and would hand out candy on Halloween.
“They are really nice people. I'll tell you, I'm pretty shocked what's going on,” Martin's neighbor Dawn Dincher said.
5. Martin Worked for the Same Consulting Firm as NSA Whistleblower Edward Snowden
This is huge. Did the FBI secretly arrest the person behind the reports NSA sat on huge flaws in US products? https://t.co/otgOwB5efm — Edward Snowden (@Snowden) October 5, 2016
Law enforcement officials say the suspect stole codes used to hack into the networks of foreign governments like Russia, China, Iran and North Korea. Like the exiled Snowden, Martin worked for the consulting firm Booz Allen Hamilton. The firm guides the federal government's cybersecurity initiatives.
However, an official told the Times that Martin did not appear to have any political motives like Snowden. An administration official added the Martin's arrest was kept under wraps, “to keep this guy from becoming another NSA martyr.”
World Cup sage passes away 'peacefully during the night'Predictions led to international fame for 'Pulpo Paul'
Death's inescapable tentacles have curled themselves around Paul the octopus, the cephalopod sage who won worldwide fame over the summer by correctly predicting the results of a host of World Cup matches.
Paul the 'psychic' octopus predicted the winners of all Germany's World Cup clashes, and then the victors in the final, by selecting one of two boxes, each loaded with a mussel food treat and marked on the outside with one of the teams.
Stefan Porwoll, the manager of the Oberhausen Sea Life Centre in Germany that the tentacled psychic called home, said Paul appeared to have died peacefully of natural causes during the night.
"We are consoled by the knowledge that he enjoyed a good life here and that the care provided for him by our dedicated displays team could not have been bettered," Porwoll said.
Staff at the centre said his death was not entirely unexpected, since common octopuses generally live only a couple of years. "His success made him almost a bigger story than the World Cup itself," Porwoll said. "We may decide to give Paul his own small burial plot within our grounds and erect a modest permanent shrine."
He added: "While this may seem a curious thing to do for a sea creature, Paul achieved such popularity during his short life that it may be deemed the most appropriate course of action."
Paul will achieve lucrative immortality in commercial enterprises ranging from special clothing lines to a mobile phone application, and will feature in a documentary to be released early next year.
His final prediction was that England would win the right to host the World Cup in 2018.
U.S. housing starts unexpectedly rose in July as building activity increased across the board, supporting the view that investment in residential construction will rebound after slumping in the second quarter.
Groundbreaking increased 2.1 percent to a seasonally adjusted annual pace of 1.2 million units, the highest level since February, the Commerce Department said on Tuesday. June's starts were largely unchanged at a 1.19 million-unit rate.
Permits for future construction dipped 0.1 percent to a 1.15 million-unit rate last month. Economists polled by Reuters had forecast housing starts slipping to a 1.18 million-unit pace last month and building permits rising to a 1.16 million-unit rate.
Investment in residential construction contracted in the second quarter for the first time in more than two years.
That, together with an outright decline in inventory investment, a continued downturn in business spending and weak government outlays, held gross domestic product to a 1.2 percent annualized growth rate during the quarter.
Against the backdrop of a tightening labor market, which is steadily driving up wages, economists expect a rebound in residential construction spending in the third quarter. But with housing starts still running ahead of permits, the anticipated bounce-back could be modest.
New Hampshire Republican Senator Kelly Ayotte has been one of the prime targets of the Gun Control Industrial Complex ever since she cast a vote against the Manchin-Toomey background check amendment. Our friends at MAIG have tapped into Mayor Mike's bottomless wallet to run ads in The Granite State accusing her of having “gone Washington.” Now, she's pushing pack. Reader tank03 sent us a link to an op-ed she penned for the Manchester Union-Leader, explaining her position to Live Free or Die-ers back home . . .
Out-of-state special interests are running false ads attacking me and even lying about my efforts to prevent gun-related violence. I want to set the record straight: I support effective background checks and in fact voted recently to improve the National Instant Criminal Background Check System (NICS).
As a former prosecutor who served for five years as New Hampshire's attorney general, I have a demonstrated record of punishing criminals and strengthening public safety. Having worked as a murder prosecutor, I've witnessed horrific crime scenes. I've spent time with victims – and I've worked day and night to put violent offenders behind bars.
From my experience working with police chiefs, detectives and prosecutors, I know how important it is to have laws that work – and I know how important it is to enforce the laws we have on the books.
Despite what the false attack ads say, I helped introduce and voted for the Protecting Communities and Preserving the Second Amendment Act, which improves the existing background check system, addresses mental health gaps in the criminal justice system, boosts resources to improve school safety, and criminalizes gun trafficking and straw purchases. The legislation also puts teeth into the law by creating a high level federal task force to increase the prosecution of gun-related violence.
Also, given the clear connection between mental illness and mass violence tragedies at Newtown, Aurora and Virginia Tech, I cosponsored and voted for the Mental Health Awareness and Improvement Act. This bipartisan measure includes provisions of legislation I helped introduce that seeks to improve mental health first aid training and increase the effectiveness of mental health care across the nation. This amendment passed the Senate overwhelmingly by a vote of 95 to 2.
It's clear that criminals who attempt to illegally purchase firearms aren't being prosecuted as they should be – and have not been for years. For example, in 2010, the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco and Firearms screened 76,142 NICS denials. Of those, charges were brought in only 44 cases – and resulted in just 13 successful prosecutions. This sends the message to criminals that there won't be any consequences when they try to get their hands on guns.
Some of my colleagues want to expand the broken background check system we have now. In my view, we shouldn't be expanding a flawed system. The focus should be on fixing the existing system, which criminals are flouting. We need to make sure we are enforcing current law and prosecuting those who attempt to illegally obtain firearms. And we must ensure that NICS includes records currently not being entered in the system, including mental health adjudications where an individual is found to be a danger to themselves and others.
There are no easy answers. Even if the proposed expansion of background checks had been in place, it wouldn't have prevented the Sandy Hook tragedy, where the perpetrator obtained the firearms he used by killing his own mother, who owned them lawfully.
Like citizens across New Hampshire, I want to find solutions that will stop criminals and those who are mentally ill from obtaining firearms. I want to make sure we punish those who try to access guns illegally. And I want to improve the nation's mental health system so that those who are on the front lines can identify the warning signs of mental illness and help those in need get proper help.
In the Senate, I know that there are members of both parties who want to find common ground on this important issue. And my commitment to the people of New Hampshire is that I will continue to try to work across the aisle to prevent violence, enforce and improve our broken background check system, strengthen mental health services, and increase school safety, all while protecting the constitutional rights of law-abiding Americans.
Misleading television and radio ads are counterproductive and only help to poison this important discussion.
2014's John Wick, starring Keanu Reeves as an assassin coming out of retirement, was a huge surprise. Sharp choreography from experienced stunt directors and great stuntwork from Reeves himself made what could've been a very straight-forward movie into one of the most exciting and visceral action flicks in recent history.
John Wick: Chapter Two, on the other hand, isn't a surprise. We're anticipating this one with bated breath.
The film will get some attention next week at New York Comic Con with a panel likely to supply us with some new footage and information. While we wait, we have a pair of new images to check out. The meatiest is a shot of Reeves and the dog he stole/adopted at the end of the first film.
The tweet reads, “A new chapter begins together.” Maybe the pitbull will play a role in the film that isn't simply a driving force for Wick's vengeance.
The second shows Reeves suited up and in a club of some kind. Sorry, other characters in the picture, you're going to be dead soon.
The film will feature the return of not just Reeves but also of John Leguizamo, Lance Reddick, and Ian McShane. Laurence Fishburne, Ruby Rose, and Peter Stormare join the cast for the sequel, which has Wick traveling to Rome to fulfill a debt that has him delving deeper into the world of assassins we saw in the first film.
John Wick: Chapter Two is set to release on February 10, 2017.
An Islamic group that has claimed responsibility for several waves of attacks on major U.S. banks since last September has promised to resume its assault next week using a lot more firepower.
The group that calls itself the Cyber Fighters of Izz ad-Din al-Qassam claimed to have given a preview of what's to come in launching distributed denial of service (DDoS) attacks against the websites of a number of banks and credit unions on Monday. Targets included Bank of America, PNC Financial, Capital One Financial, Union Bank, Zions Bank, Citizens Bank, Peoples United Bank, Patelco Credit Union and University Federal Credit Union.
Which banks were struck and the extent of the disruption were not clear. However, Ronen Kenig, director of security solutions at Radware said Thursday at least seven banks suffered outages that lasted from a few minutes to several hours. He refused to name the banks.
Security researchers tend to take the group's pre-announcements of attacks on Pastebin seriously, because the attackers have generally followed through on their promises. Also, the method of attack has been consistent.
The group generally uses compromised servers in hosting companies that are often located in the United States, Kenig said. In the latest attacks, the servers were infected with a "shell booter," which essentially enables the attackers to flood a site with bogus traffic in order to overwhelm its servers.
Maximum traffic in the latest attacks reached more than 100 gigabits per second, far exceeding the maximum of 60 to 70Gbps in previous assaults, Kenig said. The reason the attackers have achieved such traffic levels is through the use of servers instead of compromised PCs, which have far less firepower.
The hosting companies whose servers have been compromised are legitimate businesses unaware of their complicity, Kenig said. Radware has been notifying the companies.
Lack of business cooperation helps attackers
Despite knowing about the attacks in advance, the banks and security vendors have failed to stop them not because of a lack of technology, but because of a lack of cooperation among all the affected parties, Kenig said.
"The entire security ecosystem still does not deal with these attacks as it should," Kenig said. Hampering efforts is a lack of information caused by the reluctance of banks and vendors to share data.
In 2012, Radware reported a 170% increase in DDoS attacks over the previous year, costing financial institutions $32,560 per minute of downtime. In addition, the length of time that an attack takes place has gone from hours to as long as a month.
The Cyber Fighters have claimed responsibility for five waves of attacks against banks that have occurred since last September. The last attacks occurred roughly a month ago.
Banks have sought help from the U.S. government in battling the assaults, which some defense officials have blamed on the Iranian government. Several affected banks, including PNC, SunTrust Banks and BB&T, have asked the government to stop or at least lessen the severity of the attacks.
Iran has denied any involvement. The Cyber Fighters claim the attacks will continue until YouTube removes an anti-Islam video that mocked the Prophet Muhammad. The video, called the Innocence of Muslims, sparked violent demonstrations last year in many Middle Eastern countries.
This story, "Islamic group promises to resume U.S. bank cyberattacks" was originally published by CSO .
Staples Center is home to four professional sports franchises, the Lakers, Clippers, Kings and Sparks. Each team has a different set-up on the arena floor. It is up to the crew overseen by the Staples Center operations department to reconfigure the floor for each game. Several times a year they must make the changeover twice or more over one weekend in between games.
Last Saturday afternoon, while fans were still heading for the exits after the Clippers' 103-100 loss to the San Antonio Spurs, 65 workers began transforming the arena for the Kings' game against the Calgary Flames that night. In a well-choreographed routine, they removed player seating and scorekeepers tables before wheeling away the baskets and picking up the 307 interlocking panels that make up the basketball court surface.
At the same time others swept up trash and disassembled sections of seating to make room for the larger ice rink. Advertising signage and plexiglass were installed along the borders.
Once the area was clear, 542 black floor panels were picked up, revealing the ice that is there all season long. Each panel weighs 47 pounds.
The ice is smoothed out by a couple of passes from a pair of Zambonis.
After the hockey game it was the same in reverse, except it was purple and gold basketball floor panels going in for the Lakers' game against Portland on Monday.
Over at GenGame, there is a rumour that claims that Retro is creating a game engine for the Wii U and “helping other devs implement” it. Supposedly, this involves both internal and external projects. The more interesting bit is that Retro apparently showed what they could do with the Wii U to Epic Games and got them to reconsider bringing Unreal Engine 4 to the system.
Even if this turns out to not be true, I still look forward to Retro's Wii U game.
The pictures above show Metroid Prime 3: Corruption and Donkey Kong Country: Returns emulated in HD on the Dolphin emulator. If Retro was able to make games that looked this good on the Wii, I can't even begin to imagine what they could do on the Wii U!
Advertisements
Getty Images
NFL Network carried Terrell Owens' workout live on Tuesday afternoon, and Owens had better hope some NFL front office personnel were watching, because no teams were there.
Linday Soto was live on the scene and reported that no teams were confirmed to be in attendance, and that there wasn't a single team's scout in the area “unless somebody snuck in and isn't wearing team gear.” The workout took place on a high school field in Calabasas, California, and the stands were empty.
However, that doesn't necessarily mean no one is interested in Owens. Coaches, general managers and scouts may have watched the workout on TV, and teams bring in veteran free agents for workouts all the time, so it's entirely possible that Owens will still get an individual workout.
Owens started the workout wearing a shirt reading “I Am” on the front and “Ready” on the back, then took the shirt off to reveal his chiseled upper body. Although there was no 40-yard dash in the workout, Owens ran pass routes and did agility tests and appeared capable of running and cutting without any problems with his surgically repaired knee.
However, being able to run and cut on a field all by himself is quite a bit different from being able to perform on an NFL field on Sundays. And there are some questions about whether Owens is really ready to compete.
Owens' former teammate Jerry Rice said on ESPN that Owens looked like “He's just not in football shape.” And NFL Network's Charles Davis said Owens seemed tentative in his movement, as if he wasn't sure whether he could trust his knee.
So Owens' public workout may not have told us much of anything. The big question now is whether any team will bring him in for a workout without the cameras rolling.
A fire at sea is no laughing matter. Firefighters are forced to battle the flames in heavy suits, breathing apparatus and equipment, in enclosed spaces filled with smoke, heat, toxic fumes and exposed electrical wires.
That's why the US Navy is developing a line of creepily human-like androids in order to combat fire on board ships, dubbed the Shipboard Autonomous Firefighting Robot (SAFFiR).
Two designs for the robots will be tested this summer aboard a decommissioned amphibious landing ship called the ex-USS Shadwell that the navy routinely sets alight to test ship-bound fire suppression systems. The SAFFiR robots, designed by researchers at UCLA, the University of Pennsylvania, and Virginia Tech, will use the same firefighting equipment as their human counterparts, and will be sent into the most dangerous and inaccessible fires.
They will be expected to perform a number of different tasks - turning valves, picking up and dragging a fire hose and jetting water on the fire. The bot is also designed to learn a ship's layout, move around autonomously below deck and even packs built-in sensors allow it to see through thick smoke.
The SAFFiR robots would also be able to function in much higher temperatures than existing humanoid robotic experiments. This is because the engineers "have developed a class of light-weight, high temperature polyetheretherketone (PEEK)-like phthalonitrile-resin that can be molded to any shape and remain strong at temperatures up to 500 degrees Celsius," or 932 degrees Fahrenheit.
At present, scientists are just working on getting the things to stand up straight.
"This research focuses on the integration of spatial orientation and the shipboard mobility capabilities of future shipboard robots," said Dr. Thomas McKenna, managing program officer, ONR Computational Neuroscience and Biorobotics programs.
"The goal of this research is to develop the mutual interaction between a humanoid robotic firefighter and the rest of the firefighting team."
Designing an anthropomorphic robot to work at sea has its own unique set of challenges. The SAFFiR robots are designed to remain standing “even under the most abrupt changes to platform pitch and roll”, meaning they could help combat fires even in rough seas.
"The LASR facility, with its unique simulated multi-environments and state-of-the-art labs allows us to 'test out' our ideas before we go to the field." Schultz said. "In essence, our facility gives us a cost saving method for testing concepts and ideas before we go to the expense of field trials."
One of the designs features a robot that stands about 5ft (1.5m) tall, while the second, ore advanced design is a little taller.
The robots will also be equipped with basic sensory input.
"In dark or smoke occluded and noisy environments found in shipboard firefighting conditions, tactile feedback—touch—is an important form of communication between human firefighters," said John Farley, project officer for the ex-USS Shadwell.
"Moving forward, the team will integrate NRL's human-robot interaction technology with the SAFFiR platform so that there is a greater focus on natural interaction with naval firefighters."
While SAFFiR still has some way to go before being deployed in the field, other robots have been garnering increasing attention from the media, governments and blue chip tech companies in the past year.
Web giant Google made headlines back in December for its acquisition of military robot-maker Boston Dynamics. The firm's robots have astounded the world with their uncannily lifelike movements and ability to remain standing even when kicked hard from the side.
Meanwhile it was announced that Switzerland will host the first Cybathlon, an Olympics designed specifically for bionic athletes, in 2016.
Is Nintendo Trying to Steal Sony's Vita Thunder?
Eder Campuzano February 24, 2012 5:20:47 PM EST
If you have your AdBlock Plus or other such program deactivated, you may have noticed a certain trend across the Internet. Well, at least on those sites catered to video gamers. You'll even see it in the top-right corner of the DualShockers main page and on some of our featured content. Nintendo's 3DS seems to be popping up everywhere. Usually this wouldn't warrant its own post — how can you sell hardware if you don't advertise it? — but something happened earlier this week that may have prompted Nintendo's marketing blitz.
You must have heard about Sony's newest portable, the PlayStation Vita, which released two days ago on Feb. 22. Could this be an attempt by The Big N to perform a sort of marketing cockblock to its biggest competition?
The Nintendo 3DS didn't see the most successful launch. It lagged behind its predecessor in comparable sales for the first few months, prompting a 30 percent price drop by August. But it's also picked up steam since just before the holiday season, breaking sales thresholds set by the Nintendo DS. The stereoscopic handheld has since seen a sort of resurgence in consumer and company confidence.
Even though Nintendo has enjoyed its share of good news in regards to the 3DS as of late, much of the last few weeks have seen a bevy of media outlets lauding the Vita for various reasons. Most outlets cite the Vita's ability to deliver console-quality graphics and processing in such a tiny package. Even Joel agrees that, with the proper support, Sony's newest handheld has the potential to do great things.
There's no doubt that the 3DS can't compete with the Vita on several fronts. It doesn't possess the processing power to run games like Uncharted: Golden Abyss or Mortal Kombat. Its circle pad is also inferior to dedicated dual joysticks. But the Vita also isn't as portable as its primary rival, nor does it currently have the same third-party support.
And although Nintendo long dominated the handheld space with its Game Boy line, the growing popularity of smartphones and tablets as gaming platforms has drastically reduced the company's influence during the DS years, leaving that much more room for competition in an already saturated market. The Vita definitely poses a greater threat than the PlayStation Portable did.
So is this latest marketing blitz a concentrated effort on Nintendo's part to steal the Vita's thunder? It very well could be. Check out a selection of screenshots Joel took from around the Internet today and tell us what you think.
Pin 34K 54K Shares
It's no secret that my older daughter has an interest in pop tarts (since I recently shared on facebook that she's apparently been “trading” at snack time to get some!) so clearly I had to do something about it. First of all, we took her to the store and let her pick out a box of organic frosted pop tarts. Organic or not…they are still completely junk food with loads of added sugar. I am not the one who is 7-years-old though, and I can understand how “store-bought” and “packaging” may sometimes play an important role at school. So I showed her how much sugar they contain, in order to convey that they are really more of a dessert than a snack, and she decided she'd like to take one as a snack anyway and one as a dessert on another day (they come in packs of 2). I let my younger daughter do the same, and she was beyond thrilled to be an innocent bystander in all of this decision making :).
After all of that was behind us I put the box of remaining pop tarts “away” (up high and not visible in the pantry of course!) and thankfully neither child said much else about it. Hoping their need for “store bought” pop tarts was satisfied I decided we should try making our own as well. I am not the first person to make a homemade knock-off pop tart recipe so just think of these as the super EASY whole-grain version. I honestly can't believe how easy these are to make and how good they taste…everyone loves them! They are for the “kids” of course, but I find myself rationing out my share as well. I never liked pop tarts as a kid myself because I was a toaster strudel girl, but this recipe somehow unites both of those worlds with one pretty awesome outcome. Just try for yourself, and you'll see that this recipe does not disappoint.
Whole-Wheat Toaster Pastries (aka Poptarts!) 4.7 from 30 votes Course: Breakfast, Snacks & Appetizers Dietary Restriction: Peanut/Tree-Nut Free, Vegetarian
Prep Time: 15 minutes Cook Time: 18 minutes Total Time: 33 minutes Servings (Adjust to suit) : 8 toaster pastries Adapted from The Homemade Pantry Print Ingredients 2 ¼ cup whole-wheat flour plus extra for rolling out the dough
½ tsp salt
1 cup butter cold, unsalted (2 sticks)
½ cup water , plus ice
, 1 egg , beaten with a splash of water
, 8 tablespoons jam , we prefer either homemade jam or an all-fruit spread that's sweetened with fruit juice concentrate as opposed to sugar or high-fructose corn syrup Instructions Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F and line a large baking sheet with parchment paper. Put the flour and salt in a food processor with the dough blade and pulse it together briefly. Meanwhile fill a glass measuring cup with ½ cup water and add a few ice cubes to it. Take the cold butter straight out of the fridge and cut it into ½ inch chunks. Sprinkle the pieces of butter on top of the flour in the food processor. Be careful to spread out the butter as opposed to letting it all clump together in one piece. Turn on the food processor and blend until the mixture resembles a crumbly meal. While the food processor is still running add 1/3 cup water through the top. Watch the dough come together and add 2 – 3 more teaspoons of water as needed so a dough ball will form. If some of the dough is in a ball and some is stuck to the sides that is okay…you can fix it with your hands. At this point the dough could be stored in the fridge in plastic wrap for up to 3 days or in the freezer (in a freezer safe container) for up to 6 months. Remove the dough from the food processor and put it on a lightly floured counter or large cutting board. With a rolling pin (and another sprinkling of flour) flatten out the dough to one big rectangle or square that's no more than a quarter inch thick. Trim any uneven ends and use those to patch other edges as necessary.
Using a knife cut out 14 to 16 rectangles of dough. Actually you could make them any shape or size that you want at this point. Lay half of your dough shapes onto the parchment lined baking sheet. Spoon about a tablespoon of jam down the middle of those bottom dough pieces. Top them with matching dough shapes and seal around the edges by pushing down with a fork. Make a few holes in the top with the fork as well. Lastly, brush the tops of the uncooked toaster pastries with the egg wash.
Bake at 375 degrees F for 18 – 24 minutes or until golden brown. Cool the cooked pastries on a cooling rack (if you have one) then either eat them right away or store them in the fridge for 3 days or the freezer for several months. They can be eaten cold or reheated. Enjoy!
Recipe Notes We recommend organic ingredients when feasible.
Update: Some clarification (and partial corrections) via the source below: the Creative Endorsement Program was originally created by Niconico and its parent company Dwango – not Nintendo. It was originally started in 2011 to reward creators who made highly-viewed videos. Nintendo's announcement was that its games will soon be eligible for the program.
Fans will be able to create and post derivative works without any concerns. It's not limited to Let's Plays, but game music covers and song covers as well.
Nintendo games will be eligible for the Niconico program starting December 1. Once that date rolls in, we should receive more information!
Dwango has revealed Tokaigi “Game Party Japan” 2015, which is all about playing games together. It will take place on January 31 and February 1 next year.
Some extremely notable Nintendo information has come through the initial announcement. Nintendo will be a special sponsor of the event, and president Satoru Iwata appeared in a video. He stated that the company now officially gives its permission for anyone to use their properties for derivative works – Let's Plays, music covers, fan art, and more were specifically showcased.
Additionally, Iwata announced a “Creative Endorsement Program”. This will allow Nintendo to provide revenue to creators who produce well-received work. At the moment, this program is only available on Niconico, as it is a subsidiary of Dwango.
Source
Share this: Twitter
Facebook
Reddit
Tumblr
Google
More
Email
Print
LinkedIn
Pinterest
Pocket
Victorians caught driving with a potentially deadly mix of drugs and alcohol in their system will face fines of up to $41,000 and a minimum two-year licence cancellation.
In an Australian first, tough new laws to be introduced by the Andrews government on August 1 will create a separate offence for drink-drug driving.
For the first time, drink-drug driving will become a separate offence. Credit:Aaron Sawall
Under the crackdown, Victoria Police will be able to impound the vehicles of first-time offenders who test positive for drugs and also have a blood alcohol concentration of .10 or higher. First offenders will also face a minimum 12-month licence suspension and fines of up to $4550.
Repeat offenders will face fines of $13,650 to $40,959, depending on their blood-alcohol level and previous convictions. They will also face a minimum two-year licence cancellation – and the prospect of having their cars impounded permanently.
Mar 29, 2013 (CIDRAP News) – A group of scientists acting under the aegis of a vaccine research advocacy organization has asked President Obama's bioethics committee to evaluate the ethics of experiments designed to increase the transmissibility of H5N1 avian influenza viruses.
The Foundation for Vaccine Research (FVR), a privately funded group that seeks to increase funding for vaccine research, argues that manipulating viruses to make them more deadly than they are in nature is "morally and ethically wrong," and that the ethical questions have been pushed aside in recent debate. Such experiments have been dubbed gain-of-function research.
The foundation made its request yesterday in a letter to Amy Gutmann, PhD, chair of the Presidential Commission for the Study of Bioethical Issues (PCSBI). The commission is a White House advisory committee that was set up in 2009. So far it has mostly addressed topics assigned to it by the president or federal agencies, but it can also address topics of interest to its own members, according to information on its Web site.
The FVR letter was signed by the group's chair, Simon Wain-Hobson, PhD; its executive director, Peter Hale, and 15 other scientists. The list includes such prominent names as Paul A. Offit, MD, of the Children's Hospital of Philadelphia; Marc Lipsitch, PhD, of the Harvard School of Public Health; Sir Richard Roberts, PhD, of New England Biolabs, a 1993 Nobel laureate; and Michael J. Imperiale, PhD, of the University of Michigan, a member of the National Science Advisory Board for Biosecurity (NSABB).
Wain-Hobson authored a Nature commentary this week that called for a halt to research designed to make viruses more transmissible, pending a thorough public discussion and independent risk assessment. The stated aim of such research on H5N1 is to identify which mutations might render the virus capable of spreading readily among humans, so that scientists could tell if the natural virus is starting to evolve in a dangerous direction.
Controversy over H5N1 research erupted in late 2011 when two groups of flu researchers revealed plans to publish studies involving lab-modified H5N1 viruses that could spread by air among ferrets. The NSABB objected to publishing the full details of the studies, but after a series of discussions, clarifications, and revisions, the two papers were published in May and June 2012. The studies were led by Ron Fouchier, PhD, of Erasmus Medical Center in the Netherlands, and Yoshihiro Kawaoka, DVM, of the University of Wisconsin.
Amid the controversy, a group of 40 prominent flu researchers announced a moratorium in January 2012 on further H5N1 gain-of-function research. The group called off the moratorium on Jan 23 of this year, saying the pause had allowed time for scientists to explain the potential benefits of the research and for governments and others to review relevant policies.
A spokeswoman for the PCSBI, Hillary Wicai Viers, acknowledged that the commission received the FVR's request but declined to comment on it further.
"Dr. Amy Gutmann, Chair of the Presidential Commission for the Study of Bioethical Issues, received the letter from the Foundation for Vaccine Research late Thursday afternoon," Viers told CIDRAP News via e-mail. "The Commission has not yet seen the letter though it looks forward to the opportunity to review the opinions of these distinguished scientists."
The letter calls on the commission to "consider the ethical issues raised by H5N1 gain-of-function research, especially experiments to increase the transmissibility of H5N1 viruses so they can be transmitted between humans as easily as the seasonal flu." H5N1 has a fatality rate of about 60% in confirmed cases, but it does not spread readily from person to person.
The accidental release of a lab-generated, human-transmissible H5N1 virus could "cause a global pandemic of epic proportions that would dwarf the 1918 Spanish flu pandemic that killed over 50 million people," the FVR letter says.
The foundation canvassed "a cross-section of life scientists" and found that most of them believed that manipulating a virus in the lab to make it more lethal is morally and ethically wrong.
Hale said the group has talked with close to 200 scientists, most of them virologists, about the issue since February 2012. "A large majority of them share all of these concerns, excluding the influenza people," he told CIDRAP News.
The letter says that more gain-of-function studies on H5N1 and other viruses are on the way. A Chinese group is working with H5N1, and a Dutch group is expanding its H5N1 studies to include work with the H7N7 avian flu virus and has plans for similar research with the SARS coronavirus. Also, German scientists recently did experiments to see what it would take for canine distemper virus to spread from dogs to humans, the letter states.
Echoing concerns explained in the letter, Hale said, "It's become apparent over the past 15 months that the whole ethics issue has been brushed under the carpet. The talks on ethics have been on the margin."
He said the FVR thought White House officials or the Department of Health and Human Services (HHS) would ask the PCSBI to examine the ethics of the research, "but nobody did, and there was a vacuum there. That's why we did it."
The foundation feels that it's both appropriate and necessary for the commission to review the issue, given that the US government has funded most gain-of-function studies so far, the FVR letter says.
Hale said the steps taken by the federal government so far don't fully address the ethics of gain-of-function research. Among those steps, in February the National Institutes of Health announced a framework to guide decisions on funding for research designed to create H5N1 viruses capable of respiratory transmission in mammals. At the same time, the White House Office of Science and Technology Policy released a draft policy requiring federal agencies to routinely review the risks of funded studies involving 15 high-risk pathogens.
Hale said the FVR has reason to think the commission may be receptive to the request.
"We wouldn't have proceeded unless we knew in advance there was an excellent chance the commission would take up this issue," he said. "We can't think of an ethical issue that's more deserving to be looked at."
He said the foundation understands that most requests to the commission come from the White House or HHS, but one petition came from the National Biodefense Science Board.
According to information on the PCSBI Web site, the group is assigned topics by the president and federal departments, but it also can "choose a topic to study based on issues of interest to the members."
The commission has issued five reports so far. The most recent one, issued Mar 19, deals with the question of anthrax vaccine trials in children.
The FVR wants to see an independent risk assessment of gain-of-function research, Hale said. "It really is astonishing that 12 to 15 months into this debate we still don't have an indepenpent risk assessment." He added that the Government Accountability Office has been getting calls from lawmakers seeking such an assessment.
The FVR is primarily funded privately by its own board members, but it has received support from foundations, such as the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation, for specific events, according to Hale.
See also:
Mar 27 CIDRAP News item about Nature commentary by the chair of the FVR
http://www.cidrap.umn.edu/cidrap/content/influenza/avianflu/news/mar2713scan.html
Feb 21 CIDRAP News story about federal policies on dual-use H5N1 research
http://www.cidrap.umn.edu/cidrap/content/influenza/avianflu/news/feb2113framework.html
Jan 23 CIDRAP News story about end of research moratorium
http://www.cidrap.umn.edu/cidrap/content/influenza/avianflu/news/jan2313moratorium.html
PCSBI site
http://bioethics.gov/
BDS proponents often present their case to students in terms of peace and justice; however, this masks the real agenda of seeking to destroy Israel rather than simply improve the lives of Palestinians and help them achieve independence. The true aims of BDS become clearer when the views of the movement's leaders are examined. As the examples below demonstrate, they oppose a two-state solution or any other resolution to the conflict that would recognize the right of the Jewish people to self-determination in their homeland.
——————————————————————————————————————————–
“Ending the occupation doesn't mean anything if it doesn't mean upending the Jewish state itself…BDS does mean the end of the Jewish state. But can't I see the value in reaching across the aisle, so to speak? The movement may be burgeoning but remains too small. Why shouldn't we indulge in ad hoc partnerships to get things done? Richard Silverstein, Richard Goldstone, and many other self-proclaimed Zionists have done an immeasurably positive amount of work in skinning the Zionist cat (That's a deliberate analogy. I don't kid myself about how difficult it must be for a Jewish person to criticize the Zionist state), shouldn't they be asked to join the BDS movement?
To be sure, I'm not dogmatically against cooperating with people whose views I find objectionable. If it came down to it, I'd be happy to work with the racist up the street to get the city to fix a neighborhood pothole.”
-Ahmed Moor,
Pro-BDS Author
——————————————————————————————-
“BDS represents three words that will help bring about the defeat of Zionist Israel and victory for Palestine.”
–Ronnie Kasrils
——————————————————————————————-
“[Israel] was Palestine, and there is no reason why it should not be renamed Palestine.”
–Omar Barghouti,
Founder, Palestinian Campaign for the Academic and Cultural Boycott of Israel
——————————————————————————————-
“The real aim of BDS is to bring down the state of Israel….That should be stated as an unambiguous goal. There should not be any equivocation on the subject. Justice and freedom for the Palestinians are incompatible with the existence of the state of Israel.”
–As'ad AbuKhalil
——————————————————————————————-
“Peace-or better yet, justice-cannot be achieved without a total decolonization (one can say de-Zionization) of the Israeli state.”
–Michael Warschawski, BDS activist
——————————————————————————————-
“He justified terrorism against Israelis, defending the Palestinians' right to ‘resistance by any means, including armed resistance.'…He denied that the Jewish people have a right to self-determination. They are not a people, he declaimed, and the United Nations' principle of the right to self-determination applies only to colonized people who want to acquire their rights. While he insisted that Palestinians must have “the right to have rights,” he denied that the Jewish people had any collective rights.”
–Journalist Robert Seid on Omar Barghouti
——————————————————————————————-
“I think the BDS movement will gain strength from forthrightly explaining why Israel has no right to exist.”
–John Spritzler, Pro-BDS Author
——————————————————————————————————————————–
“BDS's stated goals (ending the Occupation, equality for non-Jews and Jews, and the right of return of the Palestinian refugees) logically imply the end of Israel as a Jewish state….The “state of the Jews” is actually an instrument by which a Jewish elite ruling class of billionaires and generals and politicians secures its oppressive grip on ordinary Jews in Israel…This is why there should not be a Jewish state.”
–John Spritzler
——————————————————————————————————————————–
“I mean we have to be honest, and I loathe the disingenuousness. They don't want Israel. They think they are being very clever; they call it their three tier. We want the end of the occupation, the right of return, and we want equal rights for Arabs in Israel. And they think they are very clever because they know the result of implementing all three is what, what is the result? You know and I know what the result is. There's no Israel!
“They say no they're not really talking about rights. They're talking about they want to destroy Israel. And in fact I think they're right I think that's true. I'm not going to lie. But this kind of duplicity and disingenuous, “oh we're agnostic about Israel.” No you're not agnostic! You don't want it! Then just say it!
“The moment you go out there Israel will start to say ‘What about us?' and ‘They won't recognize our right' and in fact that's correct. You can't answer the Israelis on that because they're making a statement that's factually correct. It's not an accidental and unwitting omission that BDS does not mention Israel. You know that and I know that. It's not like they're ‘oh we forgot to mention it.' They won't mention it because they know it will split the movement. Cause there's a large segment of the movement that wants to eliminate Israel.”
–Norman Finkelstein, BDS activist
——————————————————————————————————————————–
“There's no Israel. That's what it's really about.”
–Norman Finkelstein, BDS activist
——————————————————————————————————————————–
“Our corporation boycotts all Israeli products and services, and encourages other institutions, companies and individuals to cease and avoid all economic, academic and cultural activity that supports the racist state of Israel until that state dissolves itself.”
–Paul Larudee, Co-founder, Free Palestine Movement
——————————————————————————————————————————–
“Going back to the two-state solution, besides having passed its expiry date, it was never a moral solution to start with.We are witnessing the rapid demise of Zionism, and nothing can be done to save it, for Zionism is intent on killing itself.”
-Omar Bargouti ——————————————————————————————- “Israel is the oppressor, not the settlements.” -Hind Awwad
National Coordinator, BDS Committee ——————————————————————————————- “Good riddance! The two-state solution for the Palestinian-Israeli conflict is finally dead. But someone has to issue an official death certificate before the rotting corpse is given a proper burial and we can all move on and explore the more just, moral and therefore enduring alternative for peaceful coexistence between Jews and Arabs in Mandate Palestine: the one-state solution.” -Omar Bargouti ——————————————————————————————- “(The one state solution means) a unitary state, where, by definition, Jews will be a minority.” -Omar Bargouti ——————————————————————————————- “I am completely and categorically against binationalism because it assumes that there are two nations with equal moral claims to the land.” -Omar Bargouti ——————————————————————————————- “If the refugees were to return, you would not have a two-state solution, you'd have a Palestine next to a Palestine.” –Omar Barghouti quoting Sari Nusseibeh, President of Al Quds University. ——————————————————————————————-
“The goal of #BDS is the full restoration of Palestinian rights, not an agreement to create an artificial mini-state in order to save Zionism”
–Ali Abunimah, BDS activist
——————————————————————————————————————————–
“Zionists complain [BDS] demands spell the end of the “Jewish state.” They are correct. A “Jewish state” is by definition dedicated to the supremacy of Jews over non-Jews in Palestine, and is therefore irreconcilable with the justice advocated by BDS.”
–David Litwin, BDS activist
——————————————————————————————————————————–
“Any call for boycott, divestment, or sanctions, for whatever motive (even on behalf of the settlers!) is seen, rightly, as a blow against the legitimacy of Israel… it will be rightly perceived by the pro-Israel crowd as a threat, even an “existential one,” to use Prime Minister Netanyahu's characterization of all BDS.”
–Jeremiah Haber, BDS supporter
——————————————————————————————-
“The ‘two state solution,'…as dictated by Israel, omits basic Palestinian rights…[and] would be yet another act of British complicity in bestowing legitimacy on Israel's unjust order.”
–Omar Barghouti
——————————————————————————————-
“[The two state solution] was a charade to begin with, and has played itself out.”
–Kumars Salehi, BDS supporter
——————————————————————————————-
“A Jewish state in Palestine in any shape or form cannot but contravene the basic rights of the indigenous Palestinian population and perpetuate a system of racial discrimination that ought to be opposed categorically….Definitely, most definitely we oppose a Jewish state in any part of Palestine. No Palestinian, rational Palestinian, not a sell-out Palestinian, will ever accept a Jewish state in Palestine.”
–Omar Barghouti [5:50]
——————————————————————————————-
“Bringing down Israel will really benefit everyone in the world and everyone in society, particularly workers,”
–Lara Kiswani, executive director of the Arab Resource and Organizing Center, BDS activist
——————————————————————————————-
“I think the end-all of BDS is to weaken Israel, to isolate Israel, and give the global community a role in the liberation of Palestine and support the resistance on the ground in Palestine.”
–Lara Kiswani
——————————————————————————————-
“We're resisting colonialism in Palestine, and colonialism entails all of occupied Palestine, from Haifa, to Jerusalem, to Ramallah…”
–Lara Kiswani, [0:45]
——————————————————————————————-
“You can't have coexistence with Zionists. Their purpose of Zionism is discrimination, elimination and ethnic cleansing of a group of people, so if you want to talk about coexistence, I'm not talking with you because you're going to try to kill me. I'm Muslim.”
–Azka Fayyaz, BDS leader at UC Davis
——————————————————————————————-
“You cannot reconcile the right of return for refugees with a two state solution….a return for refugees would end Israel's existence as a Jewish state. A two-state solution was never moral and it's no longer working.”
-Omar Barghouti
——————————————————————————————-
“[Jews] did not suffer in Arab countries. There were no pogroms. There was no persecution.”
–Omar Barghouti
——————————————————————————————-
“We need to wipe out Israel.”
–Anna Baltzer, pro-BDS activist
——————————————————————————————-
“I clearly do not buy into the two-state solution.”
–Omar Barghouti
——————————————————————————————-
“Last week, the Palestinian BDS National Committee called for a wave of actions and protests in solidarity with the Palestinian popular resistance…”
–BDS Movement Official Statement
——————————————————————————————-
“Are you angry? Well, we've been watching intifada in Palestine, we've been watching an uprising in Iraq, and the question is that what are we doing? How come we don't have an intifada [armed struggle] in this country? …and it's about time that we have an intifada in this country that change[s] fundamentally the political dynamics in here…They're going to say [that] some Palestinian are being too radical; well, you haven't seen radicalism yet!”
–Professor Hatem Bazian, founder of Students for Justice in Palestine
——————————————————————————————-
“[W]e in this movement [should] support the resistance against American imperialism by any means necessary.”
–Professor Hatem Bazian
——————————————————————————————-
“We can build a still-stronger BDS movement beginning in the name of Palestinian freedom and ending in a permanent blow against American empire.”
–Bill Mullen
——————————————————————————————-
Chapter 1, Pencil Drop The smell of decay chokes my lungs as i hike through the stagnate forest. I breach the timberline, falling to the ground at the base of the mountain haggard breaths choke in my throat. Bright shinning light washes out my vision causing the mountain to shimmer radiantly as i stare up at its ragged faces. Crawling along on my hands and knees i begin my ascent into its heights . Child like i crawl further along the path till the fatigue wanes, slowly rising i peer back into the shifting twilight of the teeming forest the sentinels stand staring waiting. My steps are slow and measured the broken trail bends and breaks wandering i find different paths all leading to the top. Rounding a bend i stumble ankle deep into frigid water. I lay bleeding and bruised near the pool of snow melt collecting in the gouged earth peering into the reflection I watch the sun set as i slowly dunk my head. The surge rips up and down my spine overloading every
The Nevada State Democratic Party warned the Democratic National Committee (DNC) Monday about the supporters of Vermont Sen. Bernie Sanders, saying that they have a penchant for violence. They also alleged that Sanders' supporters may seek to disrupt the party's national convention in July, as they did during the Nevada convention Saturday, the Associated Press (AP) reported.
On Saturday night, a divisive Nevada Democratic convention had to be shut down after security at the Paris Las Vegas hotel could not maintain order after Sanders' supporters got unruly. According to reports, Sanders' supporters began throwing chairs and created a chaotic situation, following which some also made death threats against state party Chairwoman Roberta Lange. On Monday, a letter by the state party's general counsel, Bradley S. Schrager, warned that similar violence could erupt in Philadelphia, site of the Democratic National Committee's July convention.
"We believe, unfortunately, that the tactics and behavior on display here in Nevada are harbingers of things to come as Democrats gather in Philadelphia in July for our National Convention," Schrager wrote in the letter to the co-chairs of the DNC Rules and By-laws committee. "We write to alert you to what we perceive as the Sanders campaign's penchant for extra-parliamentary behavior — indeed, actual violence — in place of democratic conduct in a convention setting, and furthermore what we can only describe as their encouragement of, and complicity in, a very dangerous atmosphere that ended in chaos and physical threats to fellow Democrats."
The supporters of Sanders had been protesting convention rules that eventually led to Hillary Clinton winning more pledged delegates. Clinton won the state's caucuses in February, 53-47.
The state party alleged in its letter that "the explosive situation arose in large part because a portion of the community of Sanders delegates arrived at the Nevada Democratic State Convention believing itself to be a vanguard intent upon sparking a street-fight rather than attending an orderly political party process."
According to the AP, a day before the Nevada convention, Sanders urged supporters to work "together respectfully and constructively" at the convention.
"We do not condone violence or encourage violence or even threats of violence," Michael Briggs, a Sanders campaign spokesman, reportedly said, adding that the campaign "had no role in encouraging the activity that the party is complaining about. We have a First Amendment and respect the rights of the people to make their voices heard."
Today, Antonio Cassano and Parma reached an agreement to terminate the experience forward's contract due to a salary dispute.
Antonio Cassano caught up with Tiki Taka which aired on Radio Uno to talk about his negative experience with the club and explain his decision to part ways with the ducali. In his interview the former Sampdoria spoke very openly and left no question unanswered. The 32 year old forward said,:
“Now I feel better. I decided to end my relationship with Parma after 7 hard months. I'm tired and have decided to leave everything behind. I have nothing against the fans of Parma, my teammates or those that I have worked with but with those who ruined this team after the great season we had last year.”
The former Azzurri international continued by saying,:
“I'm leaving four million euros on the table by terminating my deal but money is not the issue here. Money isn't a problem for me but it is for those who are earning a lot less than me and haven't gotten paid one euro for the last seven months. Every time they would tell us they would pay us tomorrow and when the day came, they would say the same thing. I've had enough. I couldn't take it anymore. This situation of agony was unsustainable.”
Cassano was then asked to comment on whether he's angry with Parma's old ownership or the new one. He said,:
“I'm angry with everyone. I still don't know who the new ones are. In twenty days, we have had four different presidents. Fifteen days ago new ownership came in but nothing changed. I left everything there because I was tired. My dignity means more than money.”
The veteran Serie A forward then spoke about his next destination and said,:
“There are no other teams interested in me. My agent proposed the idea to me to go to America but I would only go to America or Dubai when I'm fourty years old and can no longer run. Now we will see what happens. If nothing happens I will wait until June and if I still don't have a team by then, I could consider leaving football completely. It's true that one day I would like to return to Sampdoria but right now it would be absurd. Now I will take a few days of vacation following this negative experience. However, I don't have any problems leaving the world of football whatsoever, a world that recently has greatly disappointed me.”
Prior to the termination of his contract, Cassano played 19 times for Parma and scored 5 goals.
Fossil fuel companies could waste up to $2.2 trillion on unnecessary projects in the next decade amid global efforts to combat climate change and transition to renewable energy sources, analysts said in a report released Wednesday.
Large energy companies are ignoring advances in clean technologies — including solar, battery storage and electric cars — that could thwart their longtime business models, the report by London-based think tank Carbon Tracker said. Many of these companies assume that the demand for coal, oil and natural gas will continue to grow in the coming decades, so they continue investing in such processes, the report added.
“Too few energy companies recognize that they will need to reduce supply of their carbon-intensive products to avoid pushing us beyond the internationally-recognized carbon budget,” James Leaton, co-author of the report, said in a news release.
The report, titled “The $2 Trillion Stranded Assets Danger Zone: How Fossil Fuel Firms Risk Destroying Investor Returns,” was based on an analysis that compared a businesses-as-usual scenario with one that limits warming of the planet by the end of this century to 2 degrees Celsius (3.6 degrees Fahrenheit) above pre-industrial levels. World leaders negotiating at United Nations climate conferences have agreed that carbon emissions must be phased out to avoid a global temperature rise above 2 C by 2100 — a scenario scientists believe would help limit the worst effects of global warming. Vulnerable areas of the world have already witnessed severe flooding, drought and unpredictable storms.
With this target in mind and renewable energy sources becoming increasingly competitive in terms of cost, the report argued that no new coal projects are necessary. Demand for oil should peak around 2020, and growth in gas is likely to disappoint industry expectations, the report said.
Scientists have said that most of the world's remaining fossil fuel reserves must be left in the ground to keep the global temperature rise under 2 C. Burning all of the world's reserves would likely melt much of Antarctica's ice cover and thus raise sea levels significantly, a recent report found.
Expecting continued growth in fossil fuel demand would also likely lead to financial loss — which could affect investors, the report said.
“If the industry misreads future demand by underestimating technology and policy advances, this can lead to an excess of supply and strand assets,” the report said. “This is where shareholders should be concerned — if companies are committing to future production which may never generate the returns expected.”
The United States has the most to lose, with $412 billion invested in unnecessary fossil fuel projects that risk becoming stranded assets, the report said. In the energy sector, stranded assets refer to “those investments which are made but which, at some time prior to the end of their economic life, are no longer able to earn an economic return, as a result of changes in the market and regulatory environment,” according to the International Energy Agency.
Canada sits behind the U.S. with $220 billion invested in unnecessary fossil fuel projects, according to the report, followed by China at $179 billion, Russia at $147 billion and Australia at $103 billion.
“Business history is littered with examples of incumbents who fail to see the transition coming,” Anthony Hobley, CEO of Carbon Tracker, said in a statement. “Fossil fuel incumbents seem intent on wasting capital trying to hold onto growth by doing what they have always done rather than embracing the energy transition and preserving value by adopting an ex-growth strategy.”
`People before Profits!´ In the United States the motto can be seen on signs at protests or health care rallies, though it is a plea historically ignored by lawmakers in Washington. But in Ecuador, President Rafael Correa has translated this phrase into policy. `People before Profits!´ In the United States the motto can be seen on signs at protests or health care rallies, though it is a plea historically ignored by lawmakers in Washington. But in Ecuador, President Rafael Correa has translated this phrase into policy.
On Oct. 26 President Correa announced that he would use the World Trade Organization´s TRIPS agreement to issue compulsory licenses in order to manufacture and import generic and affordable medications, saying that access to medicines is a "human right."
Ecuador´s constitution states that "health is a right ensured by the State" and that the government must “ensure availability and access to quality, safe and effective medicine, regulate the commercialization thereof and promote domestic production and use of generic drugs that meet the epidemiological needs of the population. In access to medicines, public health interests shall take precedence over economic and commercial interests.”
The decision was praised by UNASUR´s Ministers of Health at a meeting in Quito last month.
Ecuador´s Health Minister, Caroline Chang, said at the meeting that Ecuador will continue working to eliminate "not only the pain of the poor, but remove the reasons that cause poverty in our country."
Oscar Ugarte Ubillús, Peru´s Minister of Health, said Ecuador´s decision is an "exercise of sovereignty, is a positive, and appeared in the context of the international standards," and something everyone at the meeting as ministers and health officials can support.
Andres Ycaza, president of Ecuador's Intellectual Property Institute (IEPI), believes that President Correa´s decision will significantly reduce the cost of medicines. He noted that in 2002, after a local lab requested a license to produce a GSK-patented antiretroviral, the British company in turn cut the price from $350 to $60.
"High costs, insufficient production and a lack of research have contributed to the fact that millions of people do not enjoy equitable access to medicines in developing countries such as Ecuador," said Ycaza.
There are 2,214 patents that the Ecuadorian government will review to determine whether it is necessary to produce generics domestically, or import generic versions from other countries. Ycaza said Ecuador would pay royalty payments between 0.5 percent and 3 percent. According to IEPI, the average cost of medicine drops over 90 percent when the market is open to competition.
"This sets a useful global precedent," said Peter Maybarduk, an attorney with Essential Action. "As more drugs fall under patents the probability of monopoly drug pricing grows greater and greater."
Essential Action provides technical assistance for a variety of governments and civil society groups promoting access to medicines.
Meanwhile, the Pharmaceutical Industry of Investigation, or IFI, which represents local units of European and US companies, stated in a press release "We accept the democratic decision… to legally implement this extraordinary measure."
While the industry body would have liked to have been invited to participate in the process, something that is not required by law, and had no choice but to accept the decision, it added that "No legal right is superior to the requirements of public health, especially in such serious circumstances."
"We´re hopeful Ecuador will serve as an excellent example for countries in the region and around the world who are promoting access to medicines," said Essential Action´s Maybarduk.
Cyril Mychalejko is an editor at www.UpsideDownWorld.org, an online magazine covering politics and activism in Latin America. He also serves on the board of the Canary Institute.
This is Artemis, * Chuuchichu 's beautiful ice bird boy! I had been wanting to spam patterns and details for a while, and found the perfect opportunity. I really wanted to spam 10x more details (jewelry, more patterns, etc etc) but my damaged shoulder can only handle so much.Commissioned artwork; no critiques please. I don't want the flaws spelled out in front of my client ;~;I'm happy with:~the overall values and color scheme. Usually I have to do a lot of color and value/contrast tweaking before I'm even reasonably satisfied. With this picture, there was almost none of that.I'm okay with:~all the leeway I gave myself with the lighting. A careful observer will notice quite a few places where the lighting behaves differently than it would IRL. I'm fine with that, as the overall piece feels right to me.Yes, his hair and wings have a color gradient to them. Aren't they prettyPrints MAY be available later.
Here it is, in the faces of the victims, in the stories of bravery, in the souls and memory of the survivors, the next of kin. Dick Cheney vs. ‘Unbroken' Mike Barnicle December 15, 2014
In 175 well-chosen words, he sums up the trials and the grit and bravery of the civil rights movement. Martin Luther King's Nobel Speech Is an Often Ignored Masterpiece Malcolm Jones October 16, 2014
This makes the bravery of Julia and Sveta, a lesbian couple, to appear in the documentary that much more moving. The ‘Hunted' Gays of Putin's Russia: Vicious Vigilantes and State Bigotry Close Up Tim Teeman October 6, 2014
He had been decorated for bravery nineteen times in his twenty-one-year career. The Resilient City: New York After 9/11 John Avlon September 11, 2014
Mark Kirkland has directed nearly 80 episodes of The Simpsons, but he decided to go back to the roots of cinema with The Moving Picture Co. 1914, a silent film about an actress trying to make it big.
Unfortunately for the actress, just about everything goes wrong at the movie studio depicted in the short film, which, according to its official website, used a mixture of modern and antique camera equipment to capture the look and feel of a classic silent film.
And among the many actors featured in the short film is Weird Al Yankovic, who appears as an actor playing Jesus Christ in a tableau of Leonardo Da Vinci's “The Last Supper.”
The film played the festival circuit but is now available on Kirkland's Vimeo page to watch, as it is unfortunately not embeddable yet.
This article is over 10 years old
Police halt wedding of boy, seven, to girl aged five
Police have halted a wedding between a seven-year-old boy and a five-year-old girl in Pakistan, arresting the Muslim cleric officiating at the ceremony and the children's parents.
A police raid prevented the cleric from going ahead with the ceremony in Karachi, which was attended by 100 guests, said the deputy superintendent of police, Malik Mazhar.
Pakistani law forbids marriage below the age of 18, but some Muslim scholars deem it permissible if the bride and groom have reached puberty.
TV footage showed both children in traditional wedding clothes in the laps of policemen after the raid. The girl, called Nisha, had tears running down her cheeks.
According to a report on Express News TV, the parents said the wedding had been arranged to end an eight-year feud between the two families.
Mazhar said he had heard about similar cases in rural areas but "it is shocking to have this right in the centre of the city".
The parents would be brought before a court tomorrow, he said.
A Pakistan human rights commission official, Hina Gillani, said the maximum possible punishment for the parents was one month in jail and a fine equivalent to about £6.
ADVERTISEMENT
As the dust settles after Congress' debt-ceiling donnybrook, political analysts point out that one group took a particularly severe beating: Environmentalists. House Republicans tried to tack on a number of last-minute riders to the bill, signalling the GOP caucus' apparent plan to specifically de-fund the Environmental Protection Agency, the Interior Department — responsible for our national parks and other wilderness areas — clean energy initiatives, and other environmental programs. While the final array of cuts won't be decided until later this year (by a congressional "super committee"), some critics fear the agreement could "gut the EPA," undermine America's ability to compete in the new energy economy, and cause irreversible harm to the nation's air, water, and wilderness. Here, a brief guide:
What programs were targeted?
Some riders to the deficit-shrinking bill prevent the EPA from taking any action on greenhouse gas emissions, automobile fuel-efficiency standards, or toxins produced by coal burning. EPA infrastructure grants that help to improve waste-water treatment plants, monitor pollution, and maintain drinking water standards are also potentially on the chopping block. "With infrastructure, we're already in a big hole," says James Walsh, a former Republican congressman, as quoted by Politico. "But this isn't going to help."
What about clean energy initiatives?
They're also expected to take a big hit. Among them are the Energy Department's Advanced Research Projects Agency, which supports technologies seeking smart alternatives to America's energy use. Energy grants, energy-related loan guarantees, and tax credits for wind, solar, geothermal, and other sustainable energy programs are also vulnerable.
What will be the impact of these proposed cuts?
It's too early to tell how budget cuts would affect individual programs, but environmentalists are predicting the worst. Draconian austerity measures "threaten to damage our water, our air, and our lands beyond repair," says Wilderness Society President William Meadows, as quoted by The Hill. "It's creating an environmental debt that we can't repay."
Is there any hope for environmental programs?
Of course. Even in the current tax-averse climate, a report co-authored by former New Mexico Republican Rep. Pete Domenici — which found that a carbon tax could raise about $1.1 trillion by 2025 while also cutting carbon dioxide emissions 10 percent — might have some influence. And since Democrats are still in charge of the Senate — not to mention the White House — the GOP can't simply unilaterally gut the EPA. Nonetheless, in Washington these days, it's not easy being green.
Sources: The Hill, NY Times, Politico, TIME
According to AP's "trusted source," the camera will have a 4K-capable sensor, but will only stream 1080p images. Although that may sound like a loss of quality, it actually gives the image more detail at 1080p and a wider viewing angle that doesn't require a wide lens that can cause distortion. If the rest of the rumor holds up, the device will automatically zoom in on regions where it detects motion and stream that in 1080p. Effectively, you get a camera that can pan and tilt without moving parts. (It's the same way that Mevo cameras can mimic a multi-camera setup with just one device.) You can also view the whole frame in down-scaled 1080p, but there's currently no plan to stream or save at 4K resolution since that would likely strain most people's home wireless.
Resolution aside, the camera apparently looks a little like the current Nest Outdoor camera and is said to be powered by USB-C with an LED recording ring. The 4K device will likely be rated only for indoor use and carry a steeper $300-plus price tag when it is announced later this month.
If the 4K camera becomes a reality, it could also be a key component in another rumored Nest product: a smart home security hub with alarm sensors, smartphone control and selective user access. Security products aside, the company is also said to be working on a low-cost, sub-$200 version of its popular learning thermostats.
[Update 1]: Here's the latest from the Daily Texan and where and how things went down:
The four had just placed an order at Roppolo's Pizza (316 E. 6th Street) a little after 1 a.m. when they were approached by a police officer, who instructed them to move along, according to a source with intimate knowledge of the situation.
"They were at the window, waiting for their pizza and being a little loud when an officer all of the sudden came by and told them to "go on." Apparently, the police had been notified of a confrontation between the players and a group of guys a little on up the street," said the source. "Anyways, one of the guys got smart with the officer and, before you know it, they were all in the back of the cop car."
If that is an accurate account of what happened, the odds of a suspension for any of the three would seem to decrease. --Wescott
[Update 2]: Kenny Vaccaro took to Twitter just before 8:00 pm CST on Monday evening to, apparently, offer his side of the story:
Everything is all good. Nothing happened.. Total misunderstanding — Kenny Dwayne Vaccaro (@KennyVaccaro4) May 8, 2012
Won't be standing in line for pizza ever again! — Kenny Dwayne Vaccaro (@KennyVaccaro4) May 8, 2012
--Wescott
The only kind of points the Texas Longhorn football team can put on a scoreboard until the opener against Wyoming are those added to the Fulmer Cup standings -- ignominious points, all of them. There will be some additions for Spencer Hall to make in the Longhorn column after three current football players and one recent transfer were all arrested early Sunday morning in downtown Austin.
Here's what went down, per KXAN:
According to police, officers were called out to a disturbance in the 300 block of East Sixth Street at 1:29 a.m. The officers asked the four men to leave the establishment. But when they refused, the officers took them into custody, police said Players Alex Okafor, Kenneth Vaccaro, Barrett Matthews and former player Eryon Barnett were charged with failure to obey a lawful order, a misdemeanor charge. Barnet was also charged with failure to identify himself. He is in Travis County jail.
Not intelligent decisions by any of them, but especially Okafor and Vaccaro, who are both supposed to be high draft picks next season and have been asked to step into larger leadership roles in their senior seasons to replace departed players like defensive tackle Kheeston Randall and linebackers Keenan Robinson and Emmanuel Acho. This is not the way to demonstrate that leadership.
Expect suspensions to come down for the three current players as soon as Mack Brown sorts this out and the guess here is that none of the three will participate in the opener against Wyoming, if the charges stand.
Lionel Messi and Neymar helped Barcelona to La Liga title last season, while Nottingham Forest finished 16th in England second tier
Unless Lionel Messi or Neymar are prepared to swap Barcelona for Nottingham Forest, the Championship club will stay patient in the transfer market, says boss Philippe Montanier.
He has signed Apostolos Vellios and Thomas Lam since taking charge.
When asked about other potential targets, the Frenchman said: "I look, and Messi and Neymar are not ready to come to Nottingham.
"It is a joke, we of course have targets."
Talking to BBC Radio Nottingham, the 51-year-old continued: "The market is not easy, I know we have to be patient to recruit good players for the squad."
Forest are reportedly interested in bringing in Argentine midfielder Tino Costa, but Montanier would only confirm he hopes to be able to announce a new arrival in the next week.
Following Tuesday's 2-0 pre-season friendly win at Port Vale, Montanier also said he will take time to assess his existing squad.
"I want to observe my squad more," he added. "The end of the market is the end of August, so we have a lot of time."
More than half of Americans have received benefits from government entitlement programs during their lifetimes, according to a Pew Research Center report released Tuesday.
The study found that 55% of Americans have been on at least one of the six largest government safety net programs: unemployment benefits, Social Security, Medicare, food stamps, Medicaid and welfare.
When factoring in veterans' benefits and federal college loans and grants as well, the number rises to 70% of Americans receiving government aid.
Unemployment benefits are the most popular assistance program. About 27% of Americans have received unemployment assistance at some point in their lifetimes.
Social Security is a close second, at 26% of Americans.
Related: When unemployment runs out
The study also looked at who is receiving benefits. About 60% of Democrats have benefited from a major entitlement program, while 52% of Republicans have.
Overall, Democrats were more likely to have received poverty or unemployment assistance, but when it comes to programs for the elderly, like Social Security and Medicare, both Democrats and Republicans are equally likely to have used those benefits.
Participation in government entitlement programs also varied across the income spectrum. Among adults earning $30,000 a year or less, 70% said they had benefited from government aid at some point. And 39% of adults making at least $100,000 a year have received some form of aid.
The Pew Research Center data comes from a survey of 2,500 adults, conducted by telephone about two weeks ago.
*An earlier version of the chart incorrectly stated percentages for Medicaid, food stamps, Medicare, and Social Security. A corrected version appears above.
Jill of the Jungle
Game information
Play this game online
You can play Jill of the Jungle on this website so you don't need to download and install the game on your computer. We recommend to use Google Chrome when playing DOS games online.
Online game Play this game online »
Download from this site
File File type File size jill1.zip
executable: JILL.EXE
Shareware
MS-DOS 299 kB
(0.29 MB)
Download full version
You can download the full version of Jill of the Jungle from the website listed below.
Game title Download site Jill of the Jungle: The Complete Trilogy GOG.com
Screenshots
Description (by Epic MegaGames)
Lead the brave and beautiful Jill on a mystical journey through the jungle and the caves and dungeons below. This is a scrolling arcade/adventure game, similar in style to Super Mario Brothers.
The Jill trilogy features 256-color graphics, more than 60 levels in all, and a great adventure-style soundtrack.
Press X three times during gameplay. Your health will now be filled and a key and blue shield will be added to your inventory. You will also be invincible until the current level ends, except for water/spikes/etc.
Links
Rating
What do you think of this game? Please rate it below on a scale of 1 to 10, where 1 is the lowest and 10 is the highest score.
What's most compelling about Chris Burden: Extreme Measures — the Los Angeles-based artist's first New York retrospective, which has taken over five floors of the New Museum — is what's not there. Or almost not there.
What is almost not there, by its very nature, is his early performance work, which now exists only as text descriptions and a handful of photographs and video clips. The New Museum has gathered a chronological compilation of the texts and photos into three-ring binders, which are placed on desks in the fifth floor gallery. There are also some videos playing in the corner of the room.
These events, which took place between 1971 and 1977, courted real danger and tested real limits. The most notorious of them all, of course, is “Shoot” (November 19, 1971), in which Burden arranged to have himself shot in the left arm by a .22 caliber rifle. As reckless as it was, the piece made a crazy kind of sense against the backdrop of the Vietnam War and the political assassinations still echoing from the recently extinguished Sixties.
But “Shoot,” at least for me, is not the hardest to take of Burden's early works, perhaps because it is over so quickly (the film clip of the shooting and its aftermath is a brisk eight seconds long) or because Burden's reaction to being shot is so unintentionally comical — gripping his arm as he quickly trots forward, evidently in a state of shock, with a wide-legged, Chaplinesque gait.
In my book, the award for the most grueling performance goes to “Trans-fixed” (April 23, 1974). Burden's typewritten text for the piece begins as follows:
Inside a small garage on Speedway Avenue, I stood on the rear bumper of a Volkswagen. I lay on my back over the rear section of the car, stretching my arms onto the roof. Nails were driven through my palms into the roof of the car.
The implications of this piece are much wider than “Shoot's” plaintive political statement. Its reenactment of the Crucifixion on a Volkswagen indicts both consumerism and a cultural amnesia that transformed the Hitler-sponsored “people's car” into Walt Disney's Love Bug (1968). But its theatricality (“Screaming for me,” Burden continues, “the engine was run at full speed for two minutes”) and the power of its imagery — the documentary photo of the artist splayed against the roof of the car — take the work to another level, probing psychosexual recesses too tender to touch.
By driving hard nails through warm flesh into cold steel — taking literally, and to extremes, the devotional ideal expressed in Thomas à Kempis' The Imitation of Christ (ca.1418-1427) — Burden is excavating the unspoken masochism adjoined to the pursuit of perfection. By submitting to the pressures imposed by an impossible ideal while simultaneously controlling the terms of his martyrdom and subverting it with irony, Burden's ultimate act of self-abnegation may be seen as the ultimate act of defiance — and yet his overriding fatalism, defiant or not, leaves him in the end pinned, tortured and helpless.
It is admirable that the curators of the exhibition, Lisa Phillips, Massimiliano Gioni, Jenny Moore and Margot Norton, decided to leave the documentation of the early performances in binders on desks rather than follow the recent vogue for reenactment (who would sign up for that gig?) or otherwise “bring the performances to life.”
The documentation is extraordinarily powerful in the simplicity of its texts and photos — nothing extra is needed. The binders may be overlooked by the casual visitor, but that too bears implications for the passage of time in an artist's career and the inherent transience of the art form.
The rest of the show is a choice selection of Burden's big sculptures, with only a few per floor (and a single piece in the lobby), which makes for an uncluttered assessment of the artist's concerns after his performance heyday.
Those concerns — which can be summed up as a pa de deux of vulnerability and aggression — are not surprisingly closely related to his early work. Where nails, pins and a bullet once pierced real flesh, we now have full-scale reproductions in bronze, wood, iron, steel and stone of 17th-century mortars and cannonballs (“Pair of Namur Mortars,” 2013) and a fleet of 625 cardboard model submarines (“All the Submarines of the United States of America,” 1987).
The retrospective makes the case that Burden's work is all about power: who is wielding it, who is subject to it, and how the tide can swiftly turn. Some of the works are spectacular, such as the fourth-floor show-stopper “The Big Wheel” (1979), in which a three-ton iron flywheel is set in motion by the rear tire of a revving motorcycle, while others, like the lineup of Los Angeles police uniforms, “L.A.P.D. Uniforms” (1993), made in response to the Rodney King incident, fall flat. A couple of others, most notably “Tower of Power” (1985) — one hundred one-kilo (32-ounce) gold bricks protected by sixteen needle-toting matchstick men (and one very real security guard) — are both overproduced and painfully obvious.
But some of the more intriguing pieces, including “The Big Wheel” and “Porsche with Meteorite” (2013), in which a 365-pound meteorite holds in balance a 2,190-pound restored 1974 Porsche 914, demonstrate that a small amount of pressure, correctly applied, can withstand or upset otherwise overpowering forces (a circumstance that lends a double meaning to the exhibition's subtitle, Extreme Measures).
That the meteorite is a heavenly body powerful enough to levitate a much heavier manmade object (and that the car, a '74 Porsche, was produced the same year as “Trans-fixed” and that Ferdinand Porsche was tasked by Hitler with the design and production of the Volkswagen) makes you wonder how reflexively allusive Burden's work might be.
One of the more remarkable post-performance pieces is also one that is almost not there. It is “Beam Drop,” which first took place in 1984 at Artpark, in Lewistown, New York, with later iterations at Inhotim Centro de Arte Contemporanea, in Minas Gerais, Brazil (2008), and the Middelheim Museum in Antwerp, Belgium (2009). The piece involves hoisting I-beams 100 feet into the air via crane and then dropping them into a large bed of wet concrete.
The work is documented by three videos at the exhibition, and watching the process is mesmerizing. The first few beams land safely in the concrete, tipping only slightly with plenty of space between them, but as more are added — approximately sixty in all — the danger of their striking each other, clanking and sparking and landing at precarious angles, increases dramatically. The result is a stark aggregate of fractiousness, a steel thicket manifesting a mangled beauty harnessed only by letting go.
Chris Burden: Extreme Measures continues at the New Museum (235 Bowery, Lower East Side, Manhattan) through January 12, 2014.
It might still be early in the season, but Rafael's contribution to Manchester United this season so far has not gone unnoticed.
In his four appearances this season, he has scored a goal in every other game: a statistic more readily associated with a striker. Perhaps it's not just the goals, but the manner and importance of the goals, that's got me putting him in the spotlight this week.
Against Fulham, he scored what turned out to be the match-winning goal by showing tenacity to nod home Ashley Young's chip to the far post. He also had a goal (correctly) ruled out for offside earlier in the game.
Then last week against Liverpool, he scored an exquisite equalizer by curling an effort past Jose Reina into the far post. The goal came out of the blue, United having conceded a few minutes before, and they had not looked likely to score during the game up to that point. Rafael showed amazing technique and composure to bring United level, inspiring the team to go on and win the game.
We should also note that the only game United have lost this season (against Everton on the opening day) was a match in which Rafael did not feature.
While his goals alone are worthy of our attention, let us take a look at his overall contribution so far this season in order to determine just how well he has performed. As a means of comparison, I will compare Rafael's statistics to pacesetting Chelsea's Branislav Ivanovic and defending champions Manchester City's Pablo Zabaleta.
Statistical Comparison Between Rafael, Ivanovic, and Zabaleta
In terms of defense, Rafael has the highest number of ground 50-50s, with 50 challenges, while Ivanovic has the least, with only 28 challenges, despite playing one game more than both Rafael and Zabaleta.
Rafael seems to be the weakest at aerial balls with only 10 aerial 50-50s, winning only 60% of these challenges, compared to Ivanovic's 18 aerial 50-50s, of which he has won 67% of them. We can most probably attribute this to Rafael's lack of height. However, Rafael, like Zabaleta, has made 21 tackles in 4 matches: a far superior number to Ivanovic's 10 tackles in 5 matches.
In terms of successful dribbles, Rafael comes out on top. He has made 8 successful dribbles, twice the number of Ivanovic (4) and four times that of Zabaleta (2). Still, Rafael, like Ivanovic, has lost the ball 6 times already this season. This is one of the biggest criticisms of Rafael, as he can be prone to carelessness in possession. Zabaleta, on the other hand, has yet to lose possession at all this season, showing his reliability as a defender.
With regards to passing and attacking, Rafael's statistics seem to be generally superior. He has the highest percentage of pass completion (85.12% compared to Zabaleta's 82.46% and Ivanovic's 78.78%), the highest number of accurate open play passes (173 compared to Zabaleta's 166 passes and Ivanovic's 172 passes), and the percentage of accurate open-play passes (89% compared to Zabaleta's 86% and Ivanovic's 83%).
In addition, he has made 5 successful dribbles, the highest number amongst the three player. Strangely, considering Ivanovic's attacking style of play, he has yet to register even one successful dribble. The potency of Rafael's attacking play is further reinforced when we see that he has created more chances than Ivanovic and Zabaleta (he created 4 chances in 359 minutes as compared to Ivanovic, who similarly created 4 chances but in 450 minutes). While he lags behind Ivanovic in terms of crossing, both of players have equal statistics in front of goal, with 2 goals in 5 shots. The table clearly shows that in terms of attacking, Rafael just about edges Ivanovic, while Zabaleta is the weaker attacker.
Rafael's Chance to Cement his Place at Right Back
Based on the statistics above, we can see that Zabaleta's strength comes from his defensive ability, whereas Rafael and Ivanovic rely on their offensive prowess to beef up attacking options for their respective teams. For Rafael, this is probably something that we might already be familiar with. The statistics though, have shown that the attacking part of his game is on a par with, or even superior to, other top right-back players in the Premier League, most notably in terms of passing rate, successful dribbles, chances created and goals scored.
While Rafael's attacking play can leave us breathless at times, his defensive play can leave us exasperated. A look at his statistics show that his weakest defensive areas are in challenging for aerial balls and in losing possession. This seems to have been a problem last season, too, when in 12 games he won only 50% of his aerial 50-50s and gave away possession 11 times (almost once every game).
Let's not forget also that Rafael's playing style and stature makes him prone to injuries which, last season, limited him to only 12 games in the Premier League last season, 2 of which came from the substitute's bench.
With long-term injuries to Phil Jones and Chris Smalling, there is no better time for Rafael to cement his place as United's first-choice right back. However, this situation also means that he cannot afford to get injured, as United have no other recognized players to fill in at right back (unless you consider Valencia, of course).
Nevertheless, the signs are there for Rafael to become a successful right back. Blessed with a Brazilian's attacking instinct, as long as he keeps focused and improves the specifics of his defensive duties (finding a way to deal with aerial balls coming and not lose possession as readily), I see no reason why Rafael cannot be as good, or even better than Gary Neville once was.
Image caption Peter Hain's family knew Nelson Mandela when the former Welsh secretary lived in South Africa
Nelson Mandela felt so betrayed by Tony Blair's decision to join the invasion of Iraq that he made a furious phone call to a UK minister to protest.
Labour MP Peter Hain, whose biography of the ex-South African president is published on Monday, said Mr Mandela was "breathing fire" down the line.
The former Welsh Secretary said Mr Mandela felt Mr Blair's good work was "blown out of the water" by the war.
Mr Hain said the criticisms were made formally, not in a private capacity.
He said: "He rang me up when I was a cabinet minister in 2003, after the invasion.
"He said: 'A big mistake, Peter, a very big mistake. It is wrong. Why is Tony doing this after all his support for Africa? This will cause huge damage internationally'.
I know Nelson Mandela quite well. He was virtually breathing fire down the phone on this and feeling a sense of betrayal Peter Hain, Shadow Welsh secretary
"I had never heard Nelson Mandela so angry and frustrated.
"He clearly felt very, very strongly that the decision that the prime minister had taken - and that I as a member of the Cabinet had been party to - was fundamentally wrong and he told me it would destroy all the good things that Tony Blair and we, as a government, had done in progressive policy terms across the world.
"He was always full of praise for the way our government had trebled the overseas aid and development budget for Africa; he just felt that all of this had been completely blown out of the water by the Iraq invasion.
"I know Nelson Mandela quite well. He was virtually breathing fire down the phone on this and feeling a sense of betrayal. It was quite striking."
Mr Hain said he told Mr Mandela that he respected his feelings but that the prime minister "acted out of conviction".
"I think I said we would simply have to judge it historically whether it was the right decision. But he was adamant that we could not wait for history."
Mr Hain grew up in South Africa, where his anti-Apartheid campaigner parents knew Mandela - whom he now describes as "a friend and a hero".
Materials.
Chitosan (67.6–72.5% deacetylated, MW 100–250 kDa) was purchased from Heppe Medical Chitosan GmbH (Germany). 3,4-Dihydroxyhydrocinnamic acid (HCA; Sigma-Aldrich) and 1-ethyl-3-(3-dimethylaminopropyl) carbodiimide hydrochloride (EDC; Tokyo Chemical Industry) were used to synthesize catechol-conjugated chitosan. In addition, to visualize the position of the microfilm, tetramethylrhodamine isothiocyanate-conjugated bovine serum albumin (Rho-BSA) was obtained from Sigma-Aldrich. Deuterium oxide (D 2 O) was purchased from Cambridge Isotope Laboratories.
Preparation of catechol-conjugated chitosan.
CHI-C was prepared as previously reported19,20. Briefly, chitosan (3 g) was dissolved in hydrochloride solution (0.05 M HCl, pH 1–2). Sodium hydroxide (NaOH) was added dropwise into the chitosan solution to adjust the pH to 5.0–5.5. The final concentration of the chitosan was 1% by wt. Following this, HCA (0.8 equivalent to amines on chitosan) was added to the chitosan solution. After EDC (1 equivalent to HCA) was dissolved in ethanol (50 ml), the solution was added dropwise into the chitosan/HCA solution. The coupling reaction proceeded for 1 h (pH 4.5). To remove unreacted agents, the solution was dialysed in HCl (pH 3–4) containing sodium chloride (NaCl) for two days using a regenerated cellulose membrane (molecular weight cutoff 12,000–15,000). In addition, after further dialysis in HCl for two days, the solution was finally dialysed in deionized water for 6 h. The final product was lyophilized.
Determining catechol tethering degrees onto chitosan.
The degree of substitution (DOS) of CHI-C was analysed by ultraviolet-visible (UV–Vis) light spectroscopy (HP8453, Hewlett Packard) and 1proton nuclear magnetic resonance spectroscopy (1H-NMR) (Bruker Avance 300 MHz). First, CHI-C (0.5 mg ml−1) was dissolved in deionized water, and its absorption was measured at 280 nm. A standard curve of catechol (A 280 ) was established in the range of 0.0031–0.05 mg ml−1. Second, DOS was calculated using 1H-NMR. CHI-C was dissolved in D 2 O. DOS was calculated based on the ratio of the integral value of a proton in the aromatic ring (catechol) to that of a proton in the chitosan backbone. 1H-NMR: δ2.0 (Acetyl protons; Relative integral value = 2.2), δ2.9–3.2 (H of acetylated carbon 2; Relative integral value = 3.4), δ3.5–4.0 (H of carbons 3–6 in chitosan backbone; Relative integral value = 15.8), δ6.6–6.9 (H of catechol aromatic ring; Relative integral value = 1.0).
Preparation and characterization of haemostatic needles.
To prepare haemostatic needles, CHI-C (1.5% by wt) was dissolved in deionized water. The solution was incubated at 4 °C for three days for partial oxidation of catecholamine before applying it to needles. Commercial needles (18 G, 23 G, 26 G (Korea Vaccine) or 30 G (BD Medical Surgical)) were coated using a custom-designed rotating system utilizing a step-down gear motor (Ntrex). The CHI-C solution was gently dropped onto the surfaces of the needles using the following volumes depending on gauge values: 20 μl for 18 G, 9 μl for 23 G, 6.5 μl for 26 G, and 4.2 μl for 30 G. After the solutions completely dried, the process was repeated once again. The haemostatic needles were incubated overnight at room temperature for further mechanical stabilization of the coated films. Similar to the coating process, unoxidized CHI-C-coated needles were prepared using CHI-C solution without the aforementioned partial oxidation processes (4 °C for three days). In addition, Rho-BSA was incorporated into the film to enable visualization of the haemostatic needles in vivo. CHI-C (1.5% by wt) and Rho-BSA (4–6 μg) solutions were mixed at a volume ratio of 2 to 1. Likewise, commercial needles were coated using the mixed solution. The morphology of the needles and the thickness of CHI-C film were analysed using scanning electron microscopy (SEM; Hitachi S-4800).
Investigations of coating morphology, thickness, and length.
The haemostatic needle morphology was assessed using SEM (Hitachi S-4800). In addition, to demonstrate the coated layer on the needle surface, the atomic species present in the needle tip and the film layer were analysed for 120 s using energy-dispersive spectroscopy (EDS) in tandem with SEM. To measure the thickness of the coated film, the film was exfoliated from the sectioned needle using a blade. Film thickness was measured using SEM. The average thickness was calculated from at least five sections. In addition, the film coating length on the needle surfaces was measured using a fifteen-centimetre ruler. All experiments were performed in triplicate or quadruplicate.
Characterizing the formation of CHI-C/serum membrane.
To demonstrate the formation of CHI-C/serum interfacial membrane, CHI-C solution (1.5% by wt, 40 μl) was dropped to human serum (500 μl). The internal structure of the lyophilized membrane was analysed by SEM (Hitachi S-4800).
Evaluating haemostatic effects of the CHI-C-coated needles.
The haemostatic effects of the CHI-C-coated needles were evaluated in vivo using two animal models, mouse saphenous vein (BALB/c nude mice, 8–10 weeks old, male, 23–25 g) and rabbit marginal ear vein (New Zealand white rabbits, 12–14 weeks old, female, 2.5–3.0 kg). All animals were chosen at random for these experiments and the investigator was blinded to the groups for all animal studies. First, the mouse was anaesthetized by intraperitoneal injection of a zoletil/rompun mixture. The mouse saphenous vein was punctured using commercial needles, unoxidized (0%) CHI-C-coated needles, or 5.4% oxidized CHI-C-coated needles (26 G), and the needles were withdrawn after 15 s. Bleeding volume was measured using a pipette (Eppendorf North America). Second, saline was injected into the rabbit ear marginal vein for 30 s using either commercial needles or 5.4% oxidized CHI-C-coated needles (23 G). Likewise, a pipette was used to measure bleeding volume. In addition, blood samples were collected from all individuals and used to assess blood coagulation times via PT and aPTT tests. Meanwhile, the portion of the blood vessel injected with the 5.4% oxidized CHI-C-coated needle was histologically analysed based on haematoxylin and eosin staining. All animal experimental procedures were performed with the approval of the Animal Care Committee of KAIST (KA2015-02) and KIT (1407-0214) (n = 3 or 4). In addition, the authors conducted all animal experiments in accordance with the ethical protocol given by the Korean Ministry of Health and Welfare.
Analysis of solid-to-gel transition of the haemostatic film.
The degree of partial crosslinking in pre-incubated CHI-C (4 °C for three days) was measured using UV–Vis spectroscopy (HP8453, Hewlett Packard), FT-IR spectroscopy (Agilent technologies, Cary 600 series, USA), 1H-NMR spectroscopy (Bruker Avance 300 MHz), and XPS spectroscopy (Sigma probe, Thermo VG Scientific). For UV–Vis measurements, the fully oxidized (100%), partially oxidized (∼5%), and non-oxidized CHI-C solutions (∼0%) were prepared. The fully oxidized solution (0.75% by wt) was prepared in deionized water by treating with three equivalent NaIO 4 to catechol groups for ∼30 min. The partially oxidized solution (1.5% by wt) was prepared by incubation at 4 °C for three days. The non-oxidized solution (1.5% by wt) was dissolved in deionized water for 20 min to minimize oxidation. Absorbance (A 502 ) was detected. The degree of oxidation was calculated as follows: Degree of oxidation (%) = (A 502 of partially oxidized CHI-C × 100) / (A 502 of fully oxidized CHI-C × 2).
For FT-IR analysis, the CHI-C after a three-day incubation at 4 °C and non-oxidized CHI-C solutions were lyophilized. The powders were dispersed in potassium bromide (KBr) and compressed into disks. For all FT-IR spectra, we performed 32 scans over the range of 400–4,000 cm−1. To obtain XPS data, the oxidized and non-oxidized CHI-C solutions (∼70 μl) were dried overnight on SiO 2 wafers (1 × 1 cm2). The nitrogen signal was detected by using a Mg Kα line as a X-ray source. The XPS data were analysed using Avantage surface chemical analysis software (ver. 4.45, Thermo VG Scientific).
For 1H-NMR analysis, CHI-C (1% by wt) was dissolved in D 2 O. A 1H-NMR spectrum of the partially oxidized CHI-C was obtained after pre-incubation at 4 °C for five days.
Furthermore, to demonstrate the solid-to-gel transition mechanism, bulk film was prepared by drying CHI-C solutions (300 μl) with or without pre-incubation on a Petri dish. After the films were exfoliated from the dish, they were soaked in either PBS or human plasma for 20 s. The swollen CHI-C materials were analysed using a rotating rheometer (Bohlin Advanced Rheometer, Malvern Instruments). The gel-like material or sol phase was loaded under a 20-mm parallel plate in parallel. Gelation was confirmed using frequency sweep tests ranging from 0.1 to 10 Hz under a constant stress of 100 Pa at room temperature.
Ex vivo studies of the interfacial mechanics and sealing.
To investigate the mechanical properties of the haemostatic needles, ex vivo experiments were designed using mouse skin tissue (BALB/c nude mouse, 8 weeks old, 23–25 g). First, a vial containing PBS was tightly covered with the tissue. Pushing and pulling experiments utilizing CHI-coated needles or CHI-C-coated needles (the haemostatic needles) were sequentially conducted using an ex vivo puncture test (UTM; Instron 5943). Force (N) was applied to the termini of the needles using a 10 N load cell at a rate of 5 mm min−1, and load (N) and distance (mm) were recorded using Instron Bluehill software either in compression mode (push) or tension mode (pull). In addition, to demonstrate the physical sealing of the CHI-C film at a puncture site, a plastic tube was also tightly covered with the tissue after filled with PBS to a height of ∼8 cm (3–8 mmHg). After puncture with commercial needles or the haemostatic needles, the leakage of PBS was evaluated as a function of time.
Haemostatic effects in a haemophilia mouse model.
To evaluate the haemostatic effects in haemophilia model, mutant mice having less than 1% normal factor VIII activity were used (B6;129S-F8tm1Kaz/J, male, 10 weeks old, 21–29 g; Jackson Laboratory). ICR mice (CrljOri:CD1, male, 12 weeks old, 24–30 g) were used as a control. Saline was injected into the jugular vein for 30 s, and then haemostatic effect and mortality were evaluated. In addition, blood loss (mg) from the haemophilic mice was measured by absorption into cotton until death was reached. The animal experimental procedure was approved by the Animal Care Committee of KIT (1410-0350).
Haemostatic effect of the needle for intramuscular injection.
To demonstrate the applicability of the haemostatic needles for haemophilia and inhibition of secondary viral infections, we performed two in vivo studies, haemostasis after intramuscular injections and prohibition for external exposure of hepatitis C virus (HCV). Rats were used in both experiments (Sprague Dawley (SD) rats, 8 weeks, male). For testing haemostatic ability of the haemostatic needles in intramuscular injections, they were injected to the muscle of rats' hind limb at random positions, and then careful visual observation of bleedings was performed for several minutes.
Preventing secondary viral infection.
In vitro and in vivo experiments were designed to demonstrate the prevention of secondary viral infection. For in vitro experiments, HCV (10 μl, 1 × 107 FFU ml−1) was added to human blood (100 μl) in a 96-well microplate. CHI-C solution (20 μl) (or deionized water as a control) was added to the HCV-containing human blood. The addition of CHI-C resulted in immediate formation of physical barriers. Then, phosphate-buffered saline (PBS; 240 μl) was added on top of the CHI-C solidified membrane to collect any residual HCV on the surfaces. Polymerase chain reaction (PCR; Bio-Rad) was performed to quantify the HCV RNA copies potentially existed in the PBS supernatant (200 μl). After the viral RNA was extracted using QIAamp Viral RNA Mini Kit (QIAGEN), complementary DNA (cDNA) was synthesized (cDNA synthesis master mix, LeGene). By Taqman gene expression assay, HCV RNA copies were titrated. In addition, the infectivity of the residual HCV was double-checked by a focus forming assay. The PBS supernatant (100 μl) was treated to HuH 7.5 cell line for 72 h (routinely cultured in Dulbecco's Modified Eagle's Medium (DMEM; Welgene)), during which HCV in the supernatant PBS can infect to the cell line. HCV-infected cells were detected using HCV core antigen antibody (Thermo Scientific). For in vivo experiments, we designed rat models containing HCV (1.7 × 107 FFU) in blood by directly injecting the HCV to the heart. Then, the amount of the virus detected from the bleeding of rats' saphenous vein was analysed by PCR after the removal of either normal (that is, bare) needles or the haemostatic needles.
Statistical analysis.
Statistical analysis was performed using one-way analysis of variance (ANOVA) followed by the Tukey's post hoc test using Origin Software (OriginLab 8.0). The probability value (P) < 0.05 was considered to indicate significant difference.
As you may have been able to tell from the show's increasingly impressive set pieces, HBO has been pumping more and more money into Game of Thrones, year after year. According to a new report, this upward trend continues: the budget per episode for season eight is enormous — explosively so, breaking the show's own record.
In a new feature about skyrocketing TV budgets (with a really cool cover, by the way), Variety casually revealed that each season eight episode will cost HBO $15 million.
For the sake of comparison, season six was marked at $10 million per episode, at least. The seventh may have cost around $100 million too, but spread among fewer episodes. Quaintly, the first set piece battle episode ever in Game of Thrones, season two's “Blackwater”, which was considered to be incredibly expensive for the day, was reported to require $8 million — exactly the same amount as the average season five episode.
If this new figure is accurate, the budget has certainly increased for the average episode, and that bodes well for the kind of amazing things we'll see in the final year of Thrones. There are two possibilities I can see here, and personally I'm left satisfied either way: either more money is pumped into each minute of Thrones and Ghost isn't sacrificed to the altar of budget compromise anymore; or the episodes will be considerably longer, as sound designer Paula Fairfield claimed could be the case at the first Con of Thrones.
The math for this latter option works out, too: as the average season six episode cost $10 million and ran for almost an hour, $15 million for season eight episodes would come close to Fairfield's 90 minutes run time estimate. As of yet, the longest Game of Thrones episode was the season seven finale, “The Dragon and the Wolf”, at almost 80 minutes.
Who knows, maybe we're getting a bit of both options: some more spectacle than in season seven, and episodes that are at least a tad longer as well. The best of both worlds!
What do you guys think this budget increase means for the show's final six episodes? Would you rather have more expensive one hour-long episodes or feature-length ones at the same production level as season six and seven? Or perhaps a happy medium?
Please select your country: United States Argentina Australia Austria Belarus Belgium Brazil Brunei Bulgaria Canada Chile China Colombia Croatia Cyprus Czech Republic Czechoslovakia (1945-1992) Denmark East Germany (1949-1990) Estonia Finland France Georgia Germany Greece Hong Kong Hungary Iceland India Indonesia Ireland Israel Italy Japan Latvia Lithuania Luxembourg Macau Macedonia Malaysia Malta Mexico The Netherlands New Zealand North Korea Norway Philippines Poland Portugal Romania Russia Saudi Arabia Serbia Singapore Slovakia Slovenia South Korea Spain Sweden Switzerland Taiwan Thailand Turkey Ukraine United Arab Emirates United Kingdom Uruguay Vietnam U.S.S.R. (1922-1991) Yugoslavia (1945-1992) Africa » Cameroon Africa » South Africa Worldwide Other
Not an American user?
Description
Screenshots
Promo Images
Trailer
Alternate Titles
"SW E 1 Racer" -- Informal short title
"Pod Racer" -- Informal title
"スター・ウォーズ エピソード１ レーサー" -- Japanese spelling
Part of the Following Groups
User Reviews
Based upon the Pod Racing scenes of Star Wars: Episode I - The Phantom Menace, your mission as young Anakin Skywalker or as one of a collection of strange characters from around the Galaxy is to compete, survive and win in the high speed challenge of Pod Racing.Each character has a unique Pod that can be upgraded with the credits you win after each race. Finish first to gain the most prestige and compete in greater and more challenging tracks, including the now famous race along the sand dunes of Tatooine that determined the destiny of many lives.
There are no reviews for the Dreamcast release of this game. You can use the links below to write your own review or read reviews for the other platforms of this game.
Critic Reviews
Forums
There are currently no topics for this game.
Trivia
Title
Voices
Awards
Total! (Germany) Issue 01/2000 – Best N64 Futuristic Racing Game in 1999
Information also contributed by James1 and Johnny Szary
Related Web Sites
Kartanym Star Wars: Episode I - Racer (Dreamcast) on Apr 10, 2001 (12771) added(Dreamcast) on Apr 10, 2001
Lucas Arts wanted to call this game, but an older game already existed with that name and legal stupidity prevailed.Some actors from the movie also appear in the game, including Greg Proops (race commentator) and Jake Lloyd (Anakin Skywalker).
One of our customers has requested that we use the new referendum system to offer laser engraved dice.
We can absolutely make laser engraved dice. We've done testing and we know how to do it. However, the dice we can find on the market do not have an MSDS and therefore we cannot guarantee they are not a health hazard for our workers. Therefore we'd need to get custom blank dice made of a relatively safe material like acrylic.
In addition, there's quite a bit of programming involved in building a user interface into our system to offer such a service, especially if we offer custom painted dice. For these reasons, we don't want to get into laser etched dice unless you, our community, are interested in them.
We don't have exact pricing or options yet, since this isn't a real product yet. But we can give you some guesses about what that would look like. We would likely provide dice painted or unpainted. The painted price would be $6 per dice or $4 per dice unpainted. We would likely allow you to pick both the color of the die (with a limited selection of colors) and the color of the paint on the faces (with a limited selection of colors). We may even allow a different color on each face. We probably will not allow more than one color per face. All of this is just a guess at this point, but we figured you might want to know.
So now the question is in your court. Do you want us to make custom laser engraved dice? Get some crafter points and vote if your answer is yes!
Ends: {{referendum.properties.end_date|datetime:'longDate'}}
He is for auction here! www.ebay.com/itm/My-Little-Pon… Commission info is here! Commissions Anyway, here he is! He took very long to make, I lost count of the hours. But I am very proud of how he turned out. I learned a lot from making him. If anyone has tips, I am happy to hear them out. But if it's something like "God he's creepy eeeewwww" just refrain from that please!~Etsy: www.etsy.com/shop/Dramkun?ref=… He is made from aluminum wire armature nailed to a wooden base board and sculpted out of super sculpey oven bake clay and painted with matte acrylic paints and gloss acrylic for his bat wing and then sealed with a matte finish. His base was painted in acrylic and then covered in faux moss to give it a nature-y feel ^^If he doesn't sell on ebay, i'll sell him at the ROTL con, more info about that can be found here: rotlcon.com
Get our daily newsletter Upgrade your inbox and get our Daily Dispatch and Editor's Picks.
THE oracle at Delphi had two maxims posted above the entrance to her chamber, for the edification of those who sought her prophecy: “Know thyself” and “Nothing in excess”. Self-knowledge is often the hardest to learn and the least welcome, but the brutal truth is best. Humanity had better hope so, anyway, for the truth will soon out for the entire species.
June 26th marks the tenth anniversary of the reading of the human genome—the 3-billion-letter-long message that promises self-knowledge to humanity. Each letter is a pair of chemical bases that has accumulated over the 3.8 billion years that life has existed on Earth.
Viewed that way—the addition to the message of slightly less than a base-pair a year—the evolution of something as complex as a human being is not such an incredible journey. But it is still an amazing one. Some of it is lost, as the DNA palimpsest has been erased and re-written. Much is the scribbling of vandals who have broken in and scrawled, “We woz 'ere”, in the barbarian tongue of viruses, not yet erased by nature's librarian, natural selection. And plenty of the rest, the bit that should make sense, can be read but is not yet understood.
But it will be. Humanity's foibles will be laid bare. The species's history, from its tentative beginning in north-east Africa to its current imperial dominion, has already been revealed, just through being able to read the genome. It is now possible, too, to compare Homo sapiens with his closest relative—not the living chimpanzee, with whom he parted company perhaps 5m years ago, but the extinct Neanderthal, a true human. That will do what philosophers have dreamed of, but none has yet accomplished: show just what it is that makes Homo sapiens unique. The genome will answer, too, the age-old question of original sin. By showing what is nature, it will reveal what is nurture—and thus just how flexible and perfectible the human animal really is.
That is not, of course, why the genome project started. The pragmatists who began it were motivated by medical considerations. Diseases would be understood better and new targets for drugs discovered.
This is happening—more slowly than many hoped, but inexorably (see special report). So, too, is the industrialisation of genomic knowledge as better crops and clever ways of using micro-organisms to make chemicals are developed. Indeed, synthetic life itself is within humanity's grasp, as Craig Venter's announcement on May 20th of a bacterium with a synthetic genome has shown.
All these are great advances—but in the end, perhaps, not as great as the threat and promise of self-knowledge. Which recalls the oracle's second admonition: nothing in excess.
Genomics may reveal that humans really are brothers and sisters under the skin. The species is young, so there has been little time for differences to evolve. Politically, that would be good news. It may turn out, however, that some differences both between and within groups are quite marked. If those differences are in sensitive traits like personality or intelligence, real trouble could ensue.
People must be prepared for this possibility, and ready to resist the excesses of racialism, nationalism and eugenics that some are bound to propose in response. That will not be easy. The liberal answer is to respect people as individuals, regardless of the genetic hand that they have been dealt. Genetic knowledge, however awkward, does not change that.
US states and cities are still working on climate change efforts 11:39 AM ET Wed, 22 Nov 2017 | 02:19
Shaena Montanari, a paleontologist and member of the American Association for the Advancement of Science, tweeted that Trump was using circular reasoning, comparing his thoughts on the weather to issues of starvation and poverty.
The possibility of record low temperatures in some parts of the United States has drawn mass attention. Christopher Kucharik, an atmospheric scientist at the University of Wisconsin-Madison, said more context is necessary, tweeting that "memory is short."
University of Georgia meteorologist Marshall Shepherd noted that there were "far more record highs than record lows in 2017."
The day before Trump's tweet, the weather division of The Washington Post, known as the "Capital Weather Gang," wrote in a tweet that the U.S. will be the "coldest region in world relative to normal over next week."
"Please note rest of world will be much warmer than normal lest anyone try to claim pocket of cold in U.S. debunks global warming, which they will invariably and irresponsibly do," Capital Weather said.
This is far from the first time Trump expressed skepticism about climate change. In 2012, he called global warming a "hoax" that the Chinese created in an effort to hurt the American economy. Vox in June collected 115 times Trump tweeted skepticism about climate change, saying his consistency matched with his decision at the time to withdraw from the Paris climate accord, which aims to curb carbon emissions.
According to the National Ocean and Atmospheric Administration, the 10 hottest years ever measured were in the last two decades — with the top three being 2014 through 2016. Shepherd told USA Today that weekly weather patterns "say nothing about longer term climate change."
"The clothes that you have on today do not describe what you have in your closet but rather how you dressed for today's weather. The range of clothing that you have in your closet is climate," Shepherd said.
The One is back, and even more determined to keep you dry without weighing you down. Features include factory-taped seams, reflective pull-outs, robust zippers, and fully-rigged lines. Easy to set up, rugged, spacious and less than two pounds, The One is the shelter of your minimalist dreams.
Weight:
Shelter Weight: 22.4 oz / 635 g (includes factory-taped seams)
Lines (already attached): .60 oz / 18 g
Stuff Sack: .3 oz / 10 g
Extra tie outs: ( 4 ) not attached .45 oz / 14 g
14 Stakes in stuff sack: 5.6 oz / 158 g
Dimensions:
Packed size 6” X 9”
Floor size 36” at the head, 24" at the foot X 88” (19.55 sq ft)
Vestibule area 16.2 sf
Head height at peak 46” (using 125 cm poles)
Materials:
Tent body: Custom-formulated 7d high tenacity nylon blended sil/pu coating waterproof to at least 1200mm.
Tent floor: Custom-formulated 10d high tenacity nylon blended sil/pu coating waterproof to at least 1200mm.
Guylines: 2.5mm reflective nylon sheath, 1mm dyneema core
Zippers: First quality, robust #4.5 double-pull zippers
ITW lineloc3 tensioners all main tie outs
Setup
Select a site that is level, and has sufficient room to stake out the tent. We recommend V-stakes for maximum holding power on the front and rear guy lines, and stakes appropriate for anticipated conditions for the four tent corners. If possible, stake one of the ends into the prevailing winds, rather than the front or the back. Stake the two corners on one side so that they are about 3-4 feet apart, at approximate 45 degrees to the tent. Make sure the corner guy lines are at half to ¾ length free, for maximum ventilation and to allow you room to tighten them. Walk to the other side of the tent, and pull those two corners against the first two you just set, and stake them down, again at 3-4 feet apart at approximately 45 degrees to the tent.
Next, put in the rear pole (either your trekking pole set to 125 cm, or segmented tent poles if you purchased those), with the handle of the trekking pole at the top, and the tip of the pole slipped into the grommet tab provided. Stake the tent out so that the pole leans slightly out. Then put in the front pole, top up and tip into the grommet tab provided, zip up the vestibule, and stake it out, again so that the pole leans out at a slight angle. Adjust the front and rear guy lines so that the ridgeline is taut, and the poles both lean out at about the same angle. Then go around the four corners, and tighten the lines to provide a taut setup with no wrinkles.
The bathtub floor can just hang, but if desired, you can take four additional hook stakes to stake out the four corners of the floor. The 10-denier nylon floor is reasonably durable for it's weight, but to prolong the life of your shelter, you may want to place either a polycryo ground sheet or a nylon ground sheet under the tent.
Special Case – Windy Conditions
Since The One is a roomy tent, it also presents a pretty high profile to winds. Thus, if you can find a more sheltered area, this will be helpful in windy weather. Depending on the stakes you brought, ground conditions, and wind speed, you may want to put large rocks over the stakes to help them hold. The One has 4 additional pullouts (black with reflective stripes) which can be used to attach additional guy lines to for more support in windy conditions. If you anticipated unusually windy conditions, we recommend you prepare 2 – 4 lines by cutting 5-foot long lengths and tying loops in each end. This way, should you find yourself in windy conditions, you can easily loop them onto the black tieouts and stake them out. In windy conditions, you may choose to stake the two corners on the windy side all the way to the ground, to minimize the intrusion of the wind into the shelter.
Use
The large mesh pocket on the rear wall is provided to keep your small items from getting lost inside the tent. There is a small, movable loop on the clothesline located in the ridge, which you can use to hang a flashlight from for reading or other nighttime activities requiring light. The roomy vestibule provides a sheltered area to keep your gear, shoes, etc. without taking up interior space in the tent. In fair conditions, the vestibule can be furled for better views and ventilation. Since The One is a single-wall shelter to save weight, it is prone to condensation in certain conditions. More ventilation (staking the corners high, leaving the vestibule open) will generally minimize condensation. In the case of condensation, you can just use a handkerchief to wipe down the shelter, then take it out during your lunch break to air out.
Care
After returning from a trip, use a damp cloth to remove dirt and debris from your One, and allow it to fully dry before stowing it.
COLUMBUS, OHIO -- The Columbus Blue Jackets have re-signed defenseman Tim Erixon to a one-year contract for the 2014-15 National Hockey League season, club General Manager Jarmo Kekalainen announced today. As is club policy, further terms were not disclosed.
Erixon, 23, recorded five goals, 33 assists, 38 points and 16 penalty minutes in 40 games with the American Hockey League's Springfield Falcons, as well as one blocked shot, one hit, one shot on goal and 28:41 total Time On Ice in two appearances with Columbus during the 2013-14 season. In 51 career NHL games with the Jackets and New York Rangers, he has tallied 0-7-7, 24 penalty minutes and a +4 rating. He has also registered 13-87-100, 96 PIM, +10 in 132 career AHL games with the Falcons and Connecticut Whale.
Selected by Calgary in the first round, 23rd overall, at the 2009 NHL Draft, Erixon was acquired by Columbus in a multi-player trade with the Rangers on July 23, 2012. He played for Skelleftea in the Swedish Elite League from 2008-11, recording 14-30-44 and 96 PIM in 140 games.
Born in Port Chester, New York but raised in Sweden, Erixon has competed in several international tournaments for Team Sweden including the IIHF World Championships in 2011 (silver) and 2014 (bronze) as well as the IIHF World Junior Championships in 2009 (silver) and 2010 (bronze). He was also named a post-tournament All-Star at the 2008 IIHF World U18 Championships and won gold at the 2007 U18 Junior World Cup.
Spread the love
RT.com
Ricky Jackson, who spent 39 years in jail for a murder he did not commit, is suing the police officers who allegedly helped frame him. Jackson was convicted on the testimony of a 12-year-old boy who didn't see the crime and later retracted his statement.
The lawsuit, which was filed on Tuesday against the city of Cleveland, alleges that eight officers, including detectives and their superiors, were involved in framing Jackson and brothers Wiley and Ronnie Bridgeman for the killing of salesman Harold Franks, which occurred in the Cleveland area in 1975. Three of the officers involved in the case have since passed away.
“This lawsuit seeks compensation for that grievous injustice,” attorney Jon Loevy said in the statement.“We now know substantially more about the fallibility of eyewitness identifications. Too many people have been sent to prison wrongfully based on bogus identifications.”
Jackson, now 58 years old, was exonerated of the murder in November and was awarded just over $1 million in March as compensation for the decades he spent in prison. The case was overturned after Eddie Vernon, who was 12 at the time, retracted his statement four decades on. He said he did not even see the murder being committed, as he had been riding on a school bus at the time.
Man wrongfully convicted of 1975 murder sues city of Cleveland and former police officers. https://t.co/e3FUP2OjvF pic.twitter.com/5rOIWMCTbq — Cleveland 19 News (@cleveland19news) May 20, 2015
The seventh-grader was told by a school friend that “Ricky,” “Buddy,” and “Bitsey,” were responsible. The friend, Tommie, had not seen the incident either.
Eddie told the police who he believed committed the crime and “things quickly spiraled out of control,”the lawsuit states. Eddie was questioned by police without a parent or guardian present. He later retracted his statement, saying he did not know who had committed the murders.
“The defendants told Eddie that he was lying and threatened to put his mother and father in jail if he backed out. Eddie was scared, did not understand what was happening, and began to cry. Eddie's mother was sick at that time, and the prospect of her going to jail was very scary to him as a 12-year-old boy,”the lawsuit added.
The document also says that the police helped to fabricate Vernon's trial testimony, as well as investigative reports.
Following his arrest, Jackson was allegedly subjected to beatings from the police officers. Two detectives “repeatedly put a phone book on Mr. Jackson's face and other areas of his body and hit him through it so that it would not leave any marks,” the statement added.
Jackson was sentenced to death by the electric chair; however, this was later commuted to life imprisonment.
“On information and belief, Mr. Jackson's 39 years of wrongful incarceration is the longest ever served prior to exoneration in the history of the United States.
“In serving almost four decades behind bars, Mr. Jackson was wrongfully deprived of his entire adult life to date. Imprisoned at age 18 and released at age 58, Mr. Jackson must now attempt to make a life for himself outside of prison without the benefit of the decades of life experiences which ordinarily equip adults for that task,” the statement concluded.
Republished with permission from Russia Today
vSphere Storage is one of the three main infrastructure components of a vSphere deployment (Compute, Storage, and Network).Mastering VMware vSphere Storage begins with an insightful introduction to virtualization and creating your own virtual machines. We then talk about VMware vCenter Server and virtual machine management, as well as managing vSphere 5 using vSphere Management Assistant (vMA) and esxcli and vmware-cmd commands. We then swiftly move on to a very interesting topic, reviewing the vSphere performance and troubleshooting methodology. We then configure VM storage profiles, Storage DRS, and Storage I/O control. More significantly, we will troubleshoot and analyze storage using the VMware CLI and learn how to configure iSCSI storage.By the end of the book, you will be able to identify useful information to make virtual machine and virtual data center design decisions.
Three months ago, Thor: Ragnarok director Taika Waititi released a short video explaining where Thor had been during the events of Captain America: Civil War and in it, introduced his “new roommate” Daryl. It was the type of mundane comedy that only worked because the idea of a god like Thor having to deal with run-of-the-mill roommate problems is in itself very funny.
That's what a new fan series, Kyloki, does with the show's three main characters: Loki, Kylo Ren and their third roommate, Matt. In the series, Loki and Kylo Ren retain their superhuman characteristics — Loki can disappear and reappear in a flash while Kylo Ren walks around with his lightsaber — but Matt is just a normal, human dude. Like Waititi's short, the series finds its humor in Loki and Kylo Ren's distrust and contempt for each other while Matt tries to mediate the situation.
Unlike Waititi's video, which came about as a way to explain Thor's absence during the implosion of the Avengers in Civil War, Kyloki creators Arielle Waldman and Jordan Henry said they came up with the idea after seeing Star Wars: The Force Awakens. According to the creators, it was only a few minutes after the movie ended they realized that Kylo Ren and Loki actually had a quite a bit in common and, as creative writers and filmmakers, they wanted to tackle the humor they found in that comparison.
“They're both outcasts, they both have daddy issues, and they both have great hair,” Waldman told Polygon. “The next thought was ‘What if they were roommates?' and the idea for Kyloki was born.”
Henry said that the idea was to originally write a few sketches that revolved around the idea of Loki and Kylo Ren as roommates, but she and Waldman both fell in love with the characters pretty quickly. It was an easy concept for the two to turn into a series, Waldman added, because issues with roommates is a topic almost everyone can relate to. On top of that, Waldman said, there are so many different scenarios that can be explored because of how relatable the issues are that they won't have to worry about running out of ideas.
In the show's pilot, Matt calls a meeting to discuss the unequal distribution of chores among the roommates. During the meeting, Kylo Ren's anger issues are brought up, along with Loki's vanity obsession. While the comedy is heightened by the fact that one has a lightsaber and the other is a demi-god, the core of the humor is still rooted in the idea that three people who are different in so many ways are trying to live together under one roof.
“Kylo Ren and Loki might be out doing these epic things in the movies, but at the end of the day, they're both kind of whiny and neither of them wants to do household chores,” Henry said. “We wanted to focus on how typical roommate problems could humorously escalate if the roommates were also super villains.”
Right now, the show mainly focuses on the three main characters, but both Waldman and Henry want to bring in more Marvel and Star Wars figures as the series continues. In episode six, more characters will start to be introduced, but the goal is to get parodied versions of Captain Phasma, Maria Hill and General Hux on the show at some point.
The one other aspect that Waldman and Henry are set on making happen is taking the characters outside of their apartment walls. The two creators want to eventually move Loki, Matt and Kylo Ren to a bar setting that's essentially “the modern hipster version of the Star Wars Cantina,” according to Henry. Right now, the team is trying to figure out a logistical way to do that while keeping costs low.
“We shot the entire series in my apartment over several weekends with Jordan's apartment serving as the costume department, hair and makeup base, craft services, and more,” Waldman said. “Maneuvering all the cast, crew, and equipment in such tight spaces was quite a feat! Unlike Matt, we luckily have roommates who are wonderful and very understanding.”
There are currently four episodes of Kyloki available to stream now. The pilot can be seen at the top of this page.
LAS VEGAS — Interior Secretary Sally Jewell on Saturday criticized a last-minute addition to a major defense policy bill that would hand 2,400 acres of land in Arizona to an Australian mining corporation.
Interior Secretary Sally Jewell speaking at the Colorado Capitol in Denver on Nov. 21. (David Zalubowski/AP)
The land, part of the Tonto National Forest in Arizona, sits atop one of the nation's largest copper deposits. It would be given to Resolution Copper, a subsidiary of Rio Tinto, the London- and Melbourne-based mining behemoth that produces aluminum, iron, copper, uranium, coal and other commodities across the globe.
But the land also includes sites sacred to the San Carlos Apache tribe, including Apache Leap, where warriors once leapt to their deaths rather than being killed or captured by U.S. troops moving west through the frontier.
The proposed land exchange had failed several times before, including once in 2013 when House Republicans scheduled a vote while Native American leaders were meeting with White House officials in Washington. Tribal activists pressured lawmakers into spiking the vote.
But it returned again this week, in the final version of the National Defense Authorization Act, a must-pass bill that sets the nation's defense policy. The exchange was among a handful of non-defense-related provisions in the bill, which would also create six new National Parks in states from Washington to Rhode Island to New Mexico, and 14 National Heritage Areas.
Jewell on Saturday called the land elements of the NDAA, many of which had been stalled in Congress for years, “a mixed bag.”
“I'm happy to see public lands bills make progress,” Jewell said. “The preference on public lands bills is that they go through a typical process of public lands bills and they get debate and discussion.”
But, she said of the Tonto National Forest land swap: “I think that is profoundly disappointing.”
Rio Tinto has been pushing for the land swap for years. The company says opening the area to copper mining will generate $61 billion in economic activity and 3,700 jobs over the next four decades, although environmentalists and those who oppose the deal dispute those numbers.
Reps. Paul Gosar (R-Ariz.) and Ann Kirkpatrick (D-Ariz.) backed a House version in 2013, and Sen. John McCain (R-Ariz.) said he would introduce companion legislation if it passed the House. The House passed the NDAA last week, and the Senate is expected to give final approval on Monday.
Coming Soon
The Legend of Cocaine Island
This documentary follows American Rodney Hyden's journey to find a rumored stash of cocaine in the Caribbean with help from a colorful group of misfits.
The Eddy (Working Title)
A jazz club in the heart of multicultural Paris faces danger in this musical drama series from "La La Land" director Damien Chazelle.
Triple Frontier
Loyalties are tested when five former special forces operatives reunite to steal a drug lord's fortune, unleashing a chain of unintended consequences.
The Highwaymen
The untold story of the detectives who brought down Bonnie and Clyde comes to life in this crime drama starring Woody Harrelson and Kevin Costner.
Burn Out
When his son's mom runs afoul of Paris's criminal underworld, a thrill-seeking superbike racer begins moonlighting as a drug courier to clear her debt.
Pachamama
Dreaming of becoming a shaman, an impish boy from the Andes journeys across uncharted lands to recover a stolen treasure in this animated adventure.
Carlo & Malik
An old-school homicide detective in Rome is paired up with a star rookie born in the Ivory Coast in this crime series starring Claudio Amendola.
Nowhere Man
A strange encounter causes a man awaiting execution to experience alternate timelines, leading to his escape from prison to protect his family.
Vyckie Garrison's seventh child, Wesley, was born by emergency caesarean section at the Faith Regional Hospital in Norfolk, Nebraska.
She had planned to give birth at home, unassisted, but her uterus partially ruptured during labour, almost killing her. For a month, she was confined to bed, barely able to move, let alone look after her family.
The doctor said it would be reckless for her to conceive any more children. But when she turned to her friends, they offered bleak counsel, backed with the force of the Bible. “I was told that a woman shouldn't shrink back from supposed dangers and that we should honour God with our bodies,” she says. “Jesus died for us, we should be willing to die for him.” She became pregnant twice more, suffering two miscarriages.
Garrison and her husband, Warren Bennett, had originally decided to stop at three kids. He had a vasectomy, to make sure. But after reading The Way Home, by Mary Pride, they decided to reverse the procedure – calling one of the doctors helpfully listed inside the back cover. In the next six years, they had four more children.
Pride's book is one of the founding texts of the Quiverfull movement, which encourages Christians to refrain from using all forms of birth control, including abstinence. It believes child-bearing women are like missionaries, to be commended for their courage and sacrifice.
“I had it all calculated out,” Garrison says. “I had seven kids and they were each gonna have 12. They were all going to continue in the faith, to be warriors for Christ.”
Calvinist pastor Doug Phillips, whose Vision Forum Ministry provides spiritual guidance, educational materials and an online catalogue of approved activities and clothes, has eight children. He preaches that Christianity can only triumph over secular liberalism if believers practise “multi-generational faithfulness” by raising an army of devout soldiers. His 200 Year Plan envisages a godly United States, six generations from now, with fundamentalist evangelicals in the majority and a theocratic government in charge.
The key to the concept comes from the Bible, in Psalm 127: “Like arrows in the hands of a warrior are sons born in one's youth. Blessed is the man whose quiver is full of them. They shall not be put to shame when they contend with their enemies in the gate.” In his presentation, Phillips shows how the exponential multiplication of eight children each begetting eight children of their own would change what he sees as a godless country, where having perhaps two or three children has become the norm.
“Our age is defined by warfare against the Christian family,” he says. “For our children to be mighty in the land, we must embrace a long-term vision of victory.”
Quiverfull is a radical branch of the Christian Patriarchy movement, itself part of fundamentalist evangelicalism, and the nuances of observance make it tricky to estimate how many people in America adhere to its beliefs. What is certain is that thousands of families are withdrawing from the world, educating their children at home and living according to a literal interpretation of the Bible that stresses absolute submission to male authority.
“There's a lot of fear among evangelicals right now,” says Garrison. “The more fearful evangelicals become, the more they retreat and start homeschooling, and that is where they're going to encounter Quiverfull ideals.
“Families are taught that getting into powerful institutions is part of their dominion mandate. They get internships at state level, get involved in political campaigns and in the justice system. That's the whole point of having all these sons: to have an influence on policy and reclaim the country for God.”
Patrick Henry College in Virginia, the headquarters of the conservative Christian Home School Legal Defence Association, sent more interns to the George W Bush White House than any other institution. Republican presidential front-runner Rick Perry has close ties to evangelical group Vision Forum through multi-millionaire campaign contributor Jim Leininger.
Lewis Wells has been writing about the movement ever since his fiancee, who came from a hardline Christian Reconstructionist family, abruptly broke off their engagement at her father's decree.
His website, Commandments Of Men, has become a hub for fundamentalists suffering a crisis of faith or looking for a way out. He says: “The women I deal with – and I hear from new people practically every day – their education is how to be a submissive wife and mother. They want to leave but they don't know how. A lot of the girls resort to self-injury, cutting themselves, to deal with the hell that they live in.”
A TV reality show version of Christian Patriarchy can be seen in 19 Kids And Counting, starring Jim-Bob Duggar, his wife Michelle and their identically dressed, beatifically smiling brood: Joshua, Jana, John, Jill, Jessa, Jinger, Joseph… and so on.
Wells says. “They hook people with the perfect family portrait, talk about God, wave an American flag or two and otherwise intelligent people take the bait.”
This was, essentially, what happened to Libby Anne, whose parents were ordinary evangelicals until they joined a community of Christians educating their children at home. Anne's mother had been a feminist at university and planned to return to work, but when a friend gave her a book by Debi Pearl, Created To Be His Helpmeet, her beliefs changed radically. Through their No Greater Joy Ministry, Pearl and her husband, Michael, preach that a woman's only godly role is to produce and raise children.
“The babies just kept coming,” says Anne, who uses an assumed name to protect her 12 siblings. “My parents always wanted to have a big family, maybe four, five or so, but they never stopped, partly because of this belief that they were raising up an army for Christ. They told us they were training us to go out and convert others.”
While being homeschooled, Anne learned that feminism is evil, that most people calling themselves Christians have been corrupted by worldly temptations and was taught that science supports the belief that God created the Earth in six days, around 6000 years ago.
Though she says she had a happy, busy childhood, her parents raised her to believe that the world was a scary, dangerous place.
“They talked about the possibility of a second American revolution. They saw a future when the government would put people in jail for homeschooling and eventually just for being Christians.” One day, her father took the kids to the home armoury and told them: “If need be, the resistance starts here.”
As the eldest daughter, Anne became her mother's right hand, feeding, bathing, clothing, teaching and even disciplining her younger siblings. Another Debi Pearl book, To Train Up A Child, teaches that children should be spanked from the age of six months, to instil absolute discipline. The family rule was that Anne could punish those siblings who were at least five years younger than her.
In fundamentalist households, fathers have absolute authority, derived from the Bible, specifically Ephesians 5, 22-24: “Wives, submit yourselves to your own husbands as you do to the Lord. For the husband is the head of the wife as Christ is the head of the church.” This may work for some families, but it can also lead to abuse. Garrison's husband was blind, unable to be the sole bread-winner, and beat and emotionally bullied the children.
“I started seeing my kids completely break down,” Garrison says. “I recognised how abusive my husband had become as a result of this patriarchal teaching, which gave sanction to some of his worst tendencies. I had to step in and protect my kids because I didn't want to see them getting hurt.”
One child attempted suicide. When, during a brief separation, Garrison's husband sent her a list of the ways in which she had been disobedient, she filed for divorce and won custody of all seven children. She now calls herself an atheist.
Garrison has collected scores of similar stories at her website, No Longer Quivering. The testimony of families who successfully pass on their beliefs is harder to come by. The Sunday Herald requested interviews with Vision Forum and No Greater Joy Ministries but received no response.
Joe Sands, one of seven children, was raised an Independent Fundamental Baptist. Despite doubts and private heresies – including listening to rock music and occasionally drinking beer – he stayed with the church until he and his wife, Kristine, had six children of their own.
But then, two years ago, a whooping cough epidemic swept through the congregation in Normandale, Minnesota, almost killing his son, Jack. “This movement is very paranoid about anything ‘worldly,' which is a very relative term, so they don't trust doctors and don't believe in getting vaccinated,” he says. His crisis of faith began in earnest.
The obvious flaw in the 200 Year Plan is it relies on children swallowing the belief system and replicating its rigid authoritarian structure in their own families. Sands claims that, in practice, few hardline patriarchal households stay together.
He says: “I explain it like the wet soap bar. You're going to lose the wet soap bar, so you press harder and it squirts out of your hand. I watched families break apart all around me as I was growing up. The sad part is that once the kids leave, the parents who are so indoctrinated reject them. My mother immediately rejected me when I left.”
Anne still has a relationship of sorts with her parents, but it has taken years to rebuild, since the day she came home from university and questioned everything they stood for. “Nothing that I can do or achieve in life – not my stable and happy marriage, not my child, not school or work – will ever please them,” she says.
However, thanks to the education they gave her, she is well-equipped to handle the world on her own, unlike other Quiverfull refugees who have spent their entire fertile lives pregnant and raising children.
“They don't have any money, any training, any idea how to navigate the world without their husband. It's heart-breaking,” says Wells.
For now, the informal support network run by Garrison is the only dedicated resource they have.
“It can be really sad and overwhelming reading their stories,” she says. “Sometimes I just shut my computer off and walk away and think: ‘I can't deal with this.'
“The one thing that is encouraging is these are very tough women. When it comes time to get their life out of the pit, they'll do it.”
TRIPOLI/BENGHAZI, Libya (Reuters) - More than 40 people were killed on Thursday in an explosion at an army depot in southern Libya after locals tried to steal ammunition, officials said, while four soldiers died in clashes in the restive eastern part of the country.
The incidents highlighted the turmoil in Libya where the government is trying to restore order in the oil-producing country, which is awash with weapons after the 2011 ouster of Muammar Gaddafi.
The blast in Brak al-Chati, near the main southern city of Sabha, happened after a group of 43 locals and Africans went to the army depot to steal ammunition, a security official said.
“More than 40 people were killed,” said Khalifa Alsghair, commander of a border security guard brigade in Brak al-Chati.
A local security official also put the toll at above 40 but medics in a hospital said the figure was probably too high because they had only received so far two dead bodies and four injured.
It was unclear what caused the explosion, which set off a fire.
Libya's nascent military is struggling to secure army bases and curb Islamist militants, militias and gangs who fought in the uprising against Gaddafi but refuse to disarm and control parts of the country.
The four soldiers were killed in Benghazi as clashes erupted between army special forces and militant Islamists of the Ansar al-Sharia group, officials said.
The trouble started when soldiers stopped a car loaded with weapons, explosives and large amount of money.
“Three soldiers were killed in clashes with Ansar al-Sharia,” Wanis Bukhmada, commander of the special forces in Benghazi, said at a news conference.
He later told Reuters: “We will defend Benghazi.”
Another soldier was killed by unknown gunmen in the morning in another part of the city, a security source said.
Fighting had initially started on Monday between army special forces and members of the Ansar Sharia in Benghazi, Libya's second-largest city. At least nine people were killed before the Islamists retreated from their main base. Three more soldiers were killed on Wednesday.
APPEAL FOR DIALOGUE
Army officials went on nationwide television on Thursday to appeal to the Islamists and other militias to lay down their weapons in Benghazi and start a dialogue.
“Brothers of the Ansar al-Sharia. You are Muslims and we are Muslims. We don't differ on religion ... but don't impose something which is not part of the religion,” Salah Obeidi, army commander of the eastern region, said.
The security situation has sharply deteriorated in the past few months in Benghazi, where car bombings and assassinations are part of daily life.
Most countries have closed their consulates in the city of 1 million inhabitants, home to several oil companies. Some foreign airlines also have stopped flying there.
Ansar al-Sharia was blamed for the attack on the U.S. consulate in Benghazi in September last year when the U.S. ambassador and three other Americans were killed.
The chaos in Libya is worrying its neighbors and the Western powers that backed the uprising, which led to the fall of Gaddafi in one of the Arab Spring revolts.
Hoping to co-opt former fighters, the government hired militia groups to provide security. But they remain loyal to their commanders or tribes and often clash in disputes over territory or personal feuds.
Libya's oil exports are down to a fraction of capacity due to seizures of oilfields and ports by militias, tribesmen and civil servants demanding more political rights or higher pay.
The deadline for applications is September 5th, 5pm PST. Apply here.
Get on the bus and get into two awesome conferences. We're teaming up with Box to bring 50 developers from Las Vegas and LA to San Francisco for TwilioCon and BoxWorks Developer Day. We'll take care of your travel to and from LV/LA and cover both conference passes. The only thing you need to handle are your accommodations in San Francisco. Apply now to claim your spot.
Join us for this jam packed week in San Francisco. These conferences give you access to incredible keynotes, talks from leading decision makers in the tech industry, a great opportunity for networking and hacking, and access to fun after parties.
Get On The Bus
Outfitted with Wi-Fi and flat screen TVs, you'll cruise in comfort with snacks-a-plenty, hacking challenges, and road trip games, or feel free to opt out and take a snooze. Once you get to San Francisco, it's go time at the conferences!
Tickets and Lodging
All of the riders on the bus will get complimentary registration to both TwilioCon and BoxWorks Developer Day, an invite-only event.
Both Twilio and Box have blocks of hotel rooms reserved at special rates during the conferences. When you receive confirmation for your spot on the bus, you'll be registered for the conferences and receive more information about making hotel reservations.
The Nitty Gritty
You'll Get:
A free ride on the bus from Los Angeles or Las Vegas
A complimentary pass to TwilioCon
A complimentary pass to the invite-only BoxWorks Developer Day
You're responsible for:
Accommodations in San Francisco
Travel to and from Los Angeles or Las Vegas
Bus Itinerary
Monday: Bus Day
Depart Las Vegas at 8:00am
Depart Los Angeles at 12:30pm
Snacks will be provided on bus.
Tuesday: BoxWorks Developer Day + After Party ft. Blink 182
Breakfast, lunch, and snacks provided
Wednesday: TwilioCon + Hacker Olympics
Breakfast, lunch, and dinner provided
Thursday: TwilioCon + After Party
Breakfast, lunch, and heavy appetizers provided
Friday: Bus Day
Departs San Francisco at 8am
Breakfast and snacks provided on bus
How To Get On The Bus?
Ready to get on the bus? Apply now, it's a first come first served basis based on applications. Sign up here.
After 20 losing seasons, the Pirates made the playoffs in 2013, 2014, and 2015. These were the fruits of their new strategy on pitching and defense: to generate lots of grounders and use infield shifts to convert many more balls in play into outs. Analytics are the foundation of Pittsburgh's plan, and Travis Sawchik summed up an important component of their ground ball-creating effort in Big Data Baseball:
[Dan] Fox and [Mike] Fitzgerald looked into the coaching staff's questions about pitching inside, and prior to the 2013 season they found that pitching inside would indeed have a psychological effect on batters that would create even more ground balls and further enhance the plan. The numbers showed opponents were more likely to pull outside pitches on the ground after being pitched inside earlier in the at-bat. After being pitched inside, players were less willing to aggressively lunge at outside pitches.
It's a strategy born of logic: throw inside, heighten a batter's fear of getting hit by a pitch, and half-hearted, lousy contact will come. Yet when I modeled groundball rates yesterday, the inside fastball variables emerged as useless predictors. Whether inside heat came on the previous pitch or earlier in the plate appearance, these factors' percentage impact figures never rose above a measly 0.1 percent.
I also tested a more general version of this variable: the previous pitch's horizontal location, a factor that applied to all pitch types. It did show that an inside pitch ahead of a pitch put in play does result in a bit more grounders. But its percentage importance in each model didn't even hit 2.5 percent, and for all pitches, crowding a batter by an extra inch doesn't even raise groundball percentage by one-fifth of a percent.
Why is there a discrepancy between my models and the Pirates' analysis? It's possible there's more to the Pirates' theory the models don't assess. Sawchik writes that “opponents were more likely to pull outside pitches,” so perhaps the implication is that grounders become more tightly distributed on the pull side. With more predictable spray angles, shifting one's infielders becomes easier, and more balls in play can be converted into outs. The Pirates also may have kept more nuanced insights under their pillbox hats. Perhaps through analysis of HITf/x data, Pittsburgh learned to create weakly-hit grounders.
Still, these psychological games shouldn't be the focal point of a ground ball-producing plan. I make that assertion for another reason, beyond insignificant model results; it's because the models correctly find the Pirates to be baseball's most groundball-devoted team in the past three full seasons. Pitches thrown by the 2013–2015 Pirates had an average 64.3 percent predicted groundball percentage, highest of any team and 5.3 percent better than league average. It's unlikely the models are missing a Pirates-specific strategy that would boost their groundball percentage to even greater heights.
We can see the Buccos' devotion to grounders by another extension of the models — the extent to which pitchers' groundball rates changed when they were newly acquired by Pittsburgh and plugged into the team's philosophical “system,” affecting pitch selection and pitch action. How much did the Pirates reshape pitchers' groundball profiles, and how did they compare to other clubs? To that end, I took year-to-year GB% changes of pitchers who changed teams following the 2012–2014 seasons, weighed them by the delta method (by way of harmonic means), and credited the differences to acquiring teams.
CHANGE IN TEAM-SWITCHERS GB RATES (2013–2015) Subset League Average GB% Y2Y Change Pirates GB% Y2Y Change Pirates Sample Size League Rank of Pirates' Boost Actual GB% +0.1% +5.1% 2,071 1 Predicted GB% (on BIP) -0.5% +4.8% 2,071 3 Predicted GB% (all pitches) -0.3% +2.4% 10,999 3
In the past three full years, no team's new pitchers lifted their groundball percentage on balls in play quite like new Pirates did, who tacked an extra five percent onto their collective rate. At +2.4 percent, their “all-pitch” boost was also very high. We can break that last subset down by pitch type and see the extent to which predicted groundball rates rose for new arrivals' specific pitches.
CHANGE IN PREDICTED GB% FOR TEAM-SWITCHERS' PITCH TYPES (2013–2015) Subset League Average GB% Y2Y Change Pirates GB% Y2Y Change Pirates Sample Size League Rank of Pirates' Boost Fastball -0.3% +2.1% 7,921 5 Offspeed -0.7% +1.2% 4,301 7 Breaking -0.3% +3.7% 1,722 2
That new Pirates pitchers threw more groundball-friendly fastballs is no surprise given how the team has transitioned pitchers away from four-seamers and to sinkers. What I didn't expect is that Pirates pitchers' breaking balls became even more groundball-friendly than the heat. Primarily, their breaking balls changed by being located farther outside (by 1.5 inches) and having added velocity (+0.5 mph), changes that ranked them third and ninth among the 30 teams.
Does this mean a pitcher who is signed by the Pirates can expect his overall groundball percentage to rise by 5.1 percent, his fastball groundball percentage to rise 2.1 percent, and so on? No, we can't take that leap and make that conclusion. That's because the Pirates handpicked specific pitchers who were strong candidates to have their groundball percentage amplified. Not just any MLB pitcher will benefit from this tutelage, and this year the Pirates seem to have picked up several pieces that don't quite fit.
New arrival Juan Nicasio has always had suspect command. In spring training, he worked with pitching coach Ray Searage to pitch lower in the zone. Despite some March success, he has ended up throwing many pitches in the fat part of the zone. That's bad for grounders, and Nicasio loses further margin for error due to his arsenal, which features a straight fastball and slider, but not a sinker or changeup that he can lean on. The former Rockie has been even more of a flyball-oriented pitcher in 2016.
Also, Searage directed free agent signee Ryan Vogelsong to pitch inside more, and the veteran has done so against righties. But, again—yesterday's models show this does little to generate extra grounders, and sure enough, Vogelsong's groundball percentage hasn't improved. Even apart from BIP ratios, neither acquisition has pitched well, either. In all, the 2016 Buccos' groundball percentage has dropped by 3.7 percent since last year, and at 46.7 percent, it's just 1.5 percent better than league average.
If the Pirates aimed to raise the groundball rates of the flyball-heavy pitchers who joined the staff this past offseason, they haven't (yet) succeeded. Also possible is that grounders weren't a priority for these acquisitions, but Pittsburgh still signed them as good buy-low opportunities. Either way, we would be seeing a change from a team that spent three years bringing players in and making them into groundball-friendly pitchers. And it will be interesting to see how far they deviate from the formula that jump-started their renaissance in the first place.
ISSSP Reflections No. 14, April 17, 2014
Author: Mr. Himanil Raina
[print_link]
The ongoing crisis in Ukraine which has seen the Russian invasion and annexation of Crimea has primarily generated two important legal questions. The first one relates to whether Russia has violated international law with respect to the non-use of force, respect for the territorial sovereignty and political independence of Ukraine. The second question relates to the legality of the referendum in Crimea whereby it has chosen to become a part of Russia.
Non-use of Force, Territorial Sovereignty and Political Independence of Ukraine
With regard to the first question, the UN Charter imposes via Article 2(3) the obligation upon nations to settle international disputes by peaceful means. Article 2(4) prohibits members from using force or the threat of force against another state's territorial integrity and political independence. The use of force is however permitted in a situation where the United Nations Security Council has authorised such action to maintain or restore international peace and security or where a state exercises its inherent right of self defence as recognised in Article 51.
In addition to violation of the provisions of the UN Charter, Russia is asserted to be in violation of the 1975 Final Act of the Conference on Security & Cooperation in Europe (Helsinki Accords) which reaffirmed the obligation of its signatories to respect each other's territorial integrity and borders as inviolable in addition to refraining from the use of threat of use of force. These are commitments that were echoed in the 1994 Memorandum on Security Assurances in connection with Ukraine's accession to the Treaty on the NPT (the Budapest Memorandum) & the 1997 Treaty of Friendship, Cooperation & Partnership between Ukraine & the Russian Federation. Further, Ukraine says Russia is violating the Black Sea Fleet Agreements & the 1999 Agreement between the Cabinet of Ministers on the Use of Airspace of Ukraine and of Airspace Over the Black Sea, which places caps on Russian troop levels in Crimea and mandates prior approval of Ukrainian authorities before making any troop movements.
Russia had no UNSC authorisation in the Crimean matter and has relied on the argument of acting on humanitarian impulses to protect minorities abroad. Article 12 of the Ukraine-Russia Friendship Treaty which specifically requires the protection of Russian origin ethnic minorities provides Moscow with some legal cover for its actions. Protection of citizens was a principle utilised by the US to intervene in Panama & Grenada. NATO relied upon the principle of protecting minorities in Kosovo. NATO's argument against Russian use of the precedent of Kosovo to intervene in Ukraine is that Kosovo was different owing to the many human lives that were lost before NATO intervention. This argument has been debunked by Putin on the ground that it requires nations to wait for the slaughter of innocents before intervening. To what extent the threat to Russians existed however is a matter of speculation and not law. This is similar to the question of the Russian violation of the Black Sea Fleet agreements which Russia claims to have not broken maintaining that its force deployments adhere to the troop caps. Vis-à-vis the Budapest Memorandum Russia has accused the West of violating Ukraine's sovereignty by indulging in a coup d'état that ousted President Yanukovich.
Legality of the Crimean Referendum
As for the second question Ukraine's stated position backed by the United States is that the Russian annexation of Crimea does not conform with the fundamental principles and norms of international law as the referendum violated the domestic laws of Ukraine and was unconstitutional.
This argument is flawed on two grounds. Firstly, the Ukrainian president possesses the power under Article 137 part two of the Ukrainian constitution to suspend the legal acts passed by the Crimean government based on their their inconsistency with Ukrainian laws. This can be done by asking the Ukrainian Constitutional Court to rule on the law's constitutionality. Whilst Crimea's act of secession was declared unconstitutional, the circumstances leading up to the decision bring into question the validity of a decision where the judiciary was coerced into adopting this course of action. This is happening in an environment wherein serious questions have been raised over the independence of the Ukrainian judiciary.
A greater problem however relates to the legitimacy of the Ukrainian government itself given the Russian position that the government came to power by means of a coup d'état and that the legitimate President of Ukraine has called upon Russia to stabilise Ukraine. This is evident in the statement of Moscow's permanent ambassador to the UN Vitaly Churkin, “It is clear that the implementation of the right of self-determination in the form of separation from the existing state is an extraordinary measure. In Crimea such a case apparently arose as a result of a legal vacuum, which emerged as a result of unconstitutional, violent coup d'état carried out in Kiev by radical nationalists, as well as direct threats by the latter to impose their order on the whole territory of Ukraine.”
This argument has force since Article 108 of the Ukrainian Constitution specifies that the President may lose office in only 4 situations, resignation, medical incapacity, impeachment or death. Technically speaking the Ukrainian parliament did not remove Yanukovich from office but merely voted to accept Yanukovich's “voluntary renunciation of duties”. The fact that 328 votes were cast in a 449 member assembly requiring 337 votes for an impeachment settles this issue beyond doubt.
Ultimately, regardless of the West's assertions on any other point, the fact is that Yanukovych was elected to power via elections declared fair by Western monitors themselves. As Kym Bergman has commented, baying mobs no matter what their size present no justification to remove a constitutionally elected President from power. The second problem is that so far, as international law is concerned there is no prohibition on unilateral declarations of independence as made clear by the International Court of Justice in its advisory opinion on Kosovo's declaration of independence. Putin has quoted American submissions to the ICJ that repeat the same position, “Declarations of independence may, and often do, violate domestic legislation. However, this does not make them violations of international law.”
Wider Geo-Political Ramifications of the Issue
Globally the precedent ascribed to by Moscow of intervention for protection of its Russian brethren can return to haunt it. China for instance which has traditionally harped upon the principle of non-interference, has been quite reticent about the whole matter which is understandable given how this will help relieve some strategic pressure from China. What is interesting however has been the speculation that China may use this precedent in a future bid on Russian territories. In an era of declining Russian demographic figures and a booming Chinese population, this is no fairy tale. Immense Chinese migration into Eastern Russia coupled with Chinese investments in itself is keeping Russian strategic thinkers up at night. Russian actions however have a deeper layer of ramifications as well, since its ascribing of Nikita Khruschev's decision to transfer Crimea to Ukraine in 1954 as an ‘historical injustice' has the potential to open up a Pandora's Box.
Allowing such a precedent to be set hypothetically may very well permit Russia to declare void everything from the 19th century sale of Alaska to the Treaty of Brest Litovsk after World War I to the Belavezha Accords of 1991. It would be imprudent to equate Nazi Germany and Putin Russia by any stretch of imagination, but the principle of historical injustice was used to escape the Versailles Treaty as well.
The weak U.S response also sends a dangerous signal to China whose entire claim to the South China Sea rests on historical grounds and notwithstanding US warnings to not copy the Crimea style actions, it is unlikely to be deterred. Western rhetoric decrying the Crimean referendum relying on the argument that referendums held under foreign military occupations are illegal is not going to find any credible reception in mainland Europe or the Asia Pacific.
As Reza Nasri has noted, post-Second World War, Japanese & German constitutions validated by public referendums occurred under allied military occupation. The same applied to South Korea and the 2004 Afghan & 2005 Iraqi Constitution as well. With international legal principles and norms finding themselves beaten periodically and re-casted in the boiling pot of contemporary geopolitics, the only thing one may, can expect for sure is a tumultuous ride up ahead.
About the Author
Himanil Raina is a student at the NALSAR University of Law and a freelance writer on geopolitical and international affairs. He can be contacted at himanilraina[at]gmail[dot]com
Picture Courtesy: www.nydailynews.com
Like this: Like Loading...
