Glamour recently conducted a sexuality survey in its March issue that polled over 1,000 women ages 18 to 44 to determine their feelings on the fluidity of sexuality. And the results were surprisingly contradictory. Although the survey represented and accounted for women of multiple sexual orientations — plenty of whom had had sexual encounters with other women, and most of whom firmly believe in sexual fluidity — a staggering 63% of them said they wouldn't date a man who has had sex with another man.
Glamour had Ritch C. Savin-Williams, Ph.D., director of the Sex & Gender Lab at Cornell University weigh in on the findings. He explained, "This suggests that these women hold on to the view that while women occupy a wide spectrum of sexuality, men are either gay or straight."
One of the reasons Glamour undertook this survey was because of the millennial — and specifically millennial female — trend toward not labelling one's sexuality. It pointed to various female celebs who have no problem being photographed out on casual dates with other women, and who also don't feel the need to label their sexual identity to inquiring media outlets.
It's clear that increased visibility of queer female sexualities is encouraging non-famous women to indulge their potentially fluid attractions. Here are three major findings of the survey:
1. 63% Of Women Believe Sexual Orientation Can Change
According to the survey, this reflects millennial women's desire not to be "boxed in."
2. 47% Of Women Say They've Been Attracted To Another Woman
That's almost half of women who say they have experienced some form of sexual desire for another woman.
3. 31% Of Women Say They've Had A Sexual Experience With Another Woman
Of those women:
93 percent said they kissed
85 percent said they touched a partner's breasts or genitals
63 percent reported receiving oral sex
55 percent reported giving oral sex
So what's the deal with that 63 percent who still won't date men who have had sex with another man? Doesn't that reflect some contradictory beliefs? Unfortunately, for as long as girl-on-girl action continues to go unstigmatized by society — largely because The Male Gaze fetishizes it so hard — women taking a swim in the lady pond won't be considered a threat to their "straightness," or their attraction to men, if they feel they have one somewhere. Basically, if a woman who a man is attracted to says she likes guys, he's going to believe her. The downside to this is that women who don't identify as being attracted to men often have to deal with men not believing them. See: the inane "oh, you're just a lesbian because you haven't had it good yet" argument.
Men, on the other hand, aren't as free to experiment or claim fluid sexualities, because guy-on-guy action is still so stigmatized. See: the perception that bisexuality among men is just a "stepping stone" to coming out as "fully gay."
In other words, it seems like having a penis involved is what "legitimizes" the encounter to men, and, in a patriarchal world, is thus what legitimizes the encounter societally.
Want more of Bustle's Sex and Relationships coverage? Check out our new podcast, I Want It That Way, which delves into the difficult and downright dirty parts of a relationship, and find more on our Soundcloud page.
Images: william87/Fotolia; Giphy (3)
A special prosecutor has been named in the post-conviction case of Making a Murderer subject Steven Avery.
Assistant Sheboygan County District Attorney Mark Williams was named to Avery's Manitowoc County case July 14 because of conflict of interest, according to court documents. Currently, Thomas Fallon with the state of Wisconsin Department of Justice is heading the prosecution on behalf of Attorney General Brad Schimel. Avery was tried in 2007 by special prosecutor Calumet County District Attorney Ken Kratz because of a pending $36 million wrongful conviction lawsuit Avery filed against Manitowoc County officials.
Before joining the Sheboygan County District Attorney's Office in 2015, Williams spent 20 years as the head of Milwaukee County homicide prosecution unit. He retired in 2014 but joined the Sheboygan County office when one of the prosecutors went on medical leave.
Williams' appointment ends considerable social media speculation about the identity of the special prosecutor. While details have not been released, Avery's lawsuit and current allegations of planted evidence and prosecutorial misconduct aimed largely at Kratz would likely present a conflict.
Although he's not a party to Avery's case, Assistant Manitowoc County District Attorney Michael Griesbach's book about Steven Avery and Making a Murderer would also present a conflict as attorney Kathleen Zellner argues her current motion for post-conviction relief.
Zellner is accusing the state of withholding evidence in Avery's case, including what she says are at least for violations under Brady v. Maryland, the 1963 Supreme Court case that requires prosecutors to turn over exculpatory evidence. One of Zellner's claims under Brady are that police failed to investigate more viable suspects. She says others, including Teresa Halbach's ex-boyfriend and roommate, had opportunity to kill her.
null
But that is not all, Zellner, who has exonerated 18 wrongfully convicted men in her career, is alleging in the 1,200-page motion. The attorney says members of law enforcement were duped by the real killer, which started a domino effect of planted evidence and poor investigative work that wrongfully put an innocent Avery away for first-degree murder. And the claims are not just bold ones. They're as staggering as can be, but Zellner says she has evidence to back up every word.
First, there is her theory that the real killer illegally entered Steven Avery's trailer, found some of his blood, and planted it in Halbach's vehicle. Zellner's claim that Teresa Halbach was not shot but clubbed to death is another direct challenge to what Kratz presented at trial. She says an array of testing, coupled with expert testimony, will prove Avery is not the state's man, and that Halbach's bones were planted on his property along with the key to her car. The key and bones were found by Manitowoc County deputies, whose only role because of the pending lawsuit was to “provide resources” to the Calumet County Sheriff's Department.
null
Avery is serving a life sentence without parole. His nephew Brendan Dassey's conviction was vacated last year, yet he remains imprisoned while Schimel's office appeals the ruling that the confession he gave to police in 2006 was coerced. A special prosecutor has also been appointed in Dassey's state case, which is currently closed. The case could be reopened in the coming months if the state is unsuccessful in the federal appeals court and decides to retry him.
[Featured Image By Bruce Halmo/AP Images]
Trains carry Bakken crude past public housing in Albany. | Scott Waldman Albany oil plan meets resistance
ALBANY—A group of Albany city council members and activists have found a way to challenge a Fortune 500 company that wants to turn their city into a major rail hub for crude oil.
The company, Global Partners of Waltham, Mass., didn't realize it needed a building permit to construct a new boiler facility to heat oil on trains, part of its ongoing effort to dramatically increase crude shipments through this city. Already, trains carry billions of gallons of explosive Bakken crude through Albany every year, making the city a significant new stop on the oil-by-rail pipeline of crude from North Dakota's Bakken shale. The crude can be offloaded on to a ship that carries it down the Hudson River to refineries along the East Coast.
Story Continued Below
Global Partners won't say where the new crude originates, and didn't return calls on Friday, but the new boiler at the Albany port would be capable of processing heavy crude from the tar sands of Western Canada.
City council members, who learned of the plan just days before the public hearing process was due to expire, are delaying the approval for the permit in order to push the state to study the environmental impact more thoroughly.
The activists are also using the state's environmental justice law, which regulates the effects of industry on poor and minority communities and gives them standing to sue.
On Friday, city council president Carolyn McLaughlin said she would rally the community if the concerns of those living near the tracks was ignored and said the previous approvals were rammed through with little public outreach. She said their request for more information would be polite, at first.
“We will only be confrontational when we need to be,” McLaughlin said.
The tactic seems to be working.
The state Department of Environmental Conservation on Friday extended for a second time the public comment period on the proposed boiler facility to April; and the D.E.C. will also hold a public meeting on February 12th at a local elementary school. Company officials have been invited. “We have and will take in account the nature of the materials being shipped and federal regulations related to the safety of the railcars in terms of emergency preparedness,” D.E.C. spokesman Peter Constantakes said in a statement.
Residents of the Ezra Prentice public homes have already felt Albany's key role in the oil-by-rail pipeline. On Friday, dozens of cars carrying the crude, which federal investigators have recently declared extremely dangerous, were parked a few feet from a playground. “It gives me the feeling we're the forgotten community,” said Charlene Benton who along with her neighbors have watched helplessly as the cars carrying explosive crude rumble through their backyards.
Benton and her counterparts in hundreds of cities and small towns around the country can do typically do little about the hazardous materials being shipped by rail through their towns. That's primarily because federal laws prohibits local communities from imposing laws that would inhibit rail transportation.
A group of New York state mayors and town supervisors who have trains running through their community sent a letter recently asking the D.E.C. to force Global to be more transparent and open about their plans. Global officials have carefully avoided using the term "heavy crude" on any application, but Bakken crude does not need to be heated to be offloaded from a train car. The type of crude also matters greatly to local officials in charge of responding to accidents because oil from different regions can be explosive or extremely difficult to clean up.
On Thursday, federal investigators declared the crude extremely dangerous and recommended transportation companies find new routes to ship it instead of through cities.
The Cuomo administration has not yet weighed in on the growing concern. However, the executive budget proposal did include five freight safety inspectors to monitor the state's 3,500 miles of rail. The increased oversight comes at a critical time, as 2013 saw more oil spilled from trains than the previous four decades.
About “Endless [Tracklist + Album Art]”
On July 2, 2016, almost four years after releasing his critically acclaimed debut Channel ORANGE (and a year after teasing an album/magazine combo titled Boys Don't Cry), Frank posted an update titled “Late” on his website, alongside an Apple Music live stream titled “Endless.” This stream would continue for over two weeks, until August 18th, when new music from Frank was finally played on the stream. After the stream ended, Endless was released as a 45-minute visual album on Apple Music.
However, in the hours following Endless's release, it was revealed that it was not the album/magazine that was teased earlier; that album, Blonde, was released the next day alongside a magazine, Boys Don't Cry. Shortly after Blonde dropped, Pitchfork reported that Endless was used to fulfill Frank's contract with Def Jam Records, which allowed him to self-release Blonde.
Highlights: Perry, Lanning spark big Stars win
The Commonwealth Bank Southern Stars have wrapped up the ODI leg of the Women's Ashes 2-1 with an 89-run thrashing of England in Worcester.
Allrounder Ellyse Perry was the standout for the victors, scoring a quick-fire 67 and taking two vital wickets with the new ball to cap off a brilliant one-day international campaign as player of the series.
Southern Stars skipper Meg Lanning top scored for the second-straight match with 85, aided by Perry and opener Nicole Bolton (40) as the visitors compiled 7-241 from 50 overs.
England's run chase never got going after Perry removed heavyweights Charlotte Edwards and Sarah Taylor in her first two overs as the hosts were bowled out for 152 with help from Kristen Beams (3-13) and Sarah Coyte (2-38).
Captain Lanning says the turnaround from the early loss in Taunton was born from backing their ability and playing the aggressive cricket that's made them world champions in limited-overs cricket.
"We were a bit timid in the first game," Lanning said.
"England played really well and then we were able to come back, enjoy our cricket, back ourselves.
"The more aggressive we are the better we play so that was a common theme we had going.
"It was just about enjoying ourselves and backing our preparation all through the winter and just coming out performing and putting on a show for the crowd and on TV as well."
The win moves the Southern Stars to four points after the one-day portion of the multi-format competition and head into the one-off Test match starting on August 11 in Canterbury with a two-point advantage.
Australia made a cautious start after they were sent in by England captain Edwards, soaking up 48 dot balls in the first 10 overs - but crucially without losing a wicket - to be 0-24.
However, seven balls after the powerplay Elyse Villani fell in the deep for 14 to bring Lanning and Bolton together for the match's first half-century partnership.
England had a golden chance to end Lanning's stay on five when the Australian skipper was left stranded in the middle of the wicket after a mix-up with Bolton only for bowler Georgia Elwiss to fumble the accurate throw at the non-striker's end.
England blows an early opportunity to dismiss Australia skipper Meg Lanning in the third ODI at Worcester (restrictions apply)
Bolton ticked along to 40 after a measured start but an attempted lofted drive found Laura Marsh at mid-off, earning Natalie Sciver her sole wicket of the match.
Alyssa Healy's promotion to No.4 was short-lived, out for a tidy 17, but the injection of energy she delivered spurred Lanning on past her half-century after she survived another chance, dropped by Lydia Greenway at backward point on 46.
Southern Stars skipper Meg Lanning survived a run-out and was dropped, making the most of it to lead the Australians with 85 at Worcester (restrictions apply)
The remainder of the innings was dominated by Lanning and Perry, who combined for 85 before the former was caught on the long-off rope aiming for six.
After lifting the Australians to 241 with a fluent 58-ball 67, Perry proved her all-round class by finding the outside edge of Edwards' bat after four balls on naught and then bowling the dangerous Taylor via an inside edge for one in her following over.
Matters got worse for the hosts when Lauren Winfield was sent back for a single and was run out by a sharp piece of fielding by Bolton at square-leg.
England steadied between two bouts of rain through Greenway and Knight, but when the latter walked across her stumps and was bowled behind her legs by Jess Jonassen for 38, England were in dire straits at 4-72.
Katherine Brunt was elevated in the batting order to add some much-needed oomph into the run chase, and the move was working when the hard-hitting allrounder belted the first six of the Ashes over square-leg off Jonassen.
A 51-run partnership restored some faith for England fans in a miracle comeback, but when Greenway sliced Coyte to Jonassen at backward point on the batting powerplay, England lost 6-29, three to the leg-spin of Beams, to surrender the vital two-points on offer.
England fast bowler Anya Shrubsole says the Test match now holds the key if the hosts are to retain the Ashes.
"We were outplayed by Australia in all three departments again, the same as Bristol," Shrubsole said.
"I think what is important now is that we go away and regroup and come back in Canterbury hard.
"The series isn't over by any stretch of the imagination if we play well in the Test match and win, we are right back in it.
"Of course we are disappointed about today but we have to come back hard in Canterbury."
Lowman M.D.
et al. Methods in Forest Canopy Research. University of California Press , ; View in Article Google Scholar
Anhuf D. Canopy structure of the Rio Surumoni rain forest (Venezuela) and its influence on microclimate. Ecotropica. 7 : 21-32 View in Article Google Scholar
Storck P.
et al. Measurement of snow interception and canopy effects on snow accumulation and melt in a mountainous maritime climate, Oregon, United States. Water Resour. Res. 38 : 5-1-5-16 View in Article Crossref
Google Scholar
Parker G.G.
et al. Structure and microclimate of forest canopies. in: Parker G.G. Forest Canopies. Academic Press , ; : 73-106 View in Article Google Scholar
Basset Y.
et al. Arthropod distribution in a tropical rainforest: tackling a four dimensional puzzle. PLoS One. 10 : e0144110 View in Article Google Scholar
Stork N.E.
Grimbacher P.S. Beetle assemblages from an Australian tropical rainforest show that the canopy and the ground strata contribute equally to biodiversity. Proc. Biol. Sci. 273 : 1969-1975 View in Article Scopus (73)
PubMed
Crossref
Google Scholar
Oguri H.
et al. Vertical stratification of spider assemblages in two conifer plantations in central Japan. J. Arachnol. 42 : 34-43 View in Article Scopus (6)
Crossref
Google Scholar
Erwin T.L. Tropical forests: their richness in Coleoptera and other arthropod species. Coleopt. Bull. 36 : 74-75 View in Article Google Scholar
Bluthgen N.
Stork N.E. Ant mosaics in a tropical rainforest in Australia and elsewhere: a critical review. Austral. Ecol. 32 : 93-104 View in Article Scopus (77)
Crossref
Google Scholar
Zotz G. Johansson revisited: the spatial structure of epiphyte assemblages. J. Veg. Sci. 18 : 123-130 View in Article Crossref
Google Scholar
Fordyce J.A.
DeVries P.J. A tale of two communities: neotropical butterfly assemblages show higher beta diversity in the canopy compared to the understory. Oecologia. 181 : 235-243 View in Article Scopus (9)
PubMed
Crossref
Google Scholar
Rico-Gray V.
Oliveira P.S. The Ecology and Evolution of Ant–Plant Interactions. University of Chicago Press , ; View in Article Crossref
Google Scholar
Mooney K.A.
et al. Interactions among predators and the cascading effects of vertebrate insectivores on arthropod communities and plants. Proc. Natl Acad. Sci. U. S. A. 107 : 7335-7340 View in Article Scopus (92)
PubMed
Crossref
Google Scholar
Sindelarova K.
et al. Global data set of biogenic VOC emissions calculated by the MEGAN model over the last 30 years. Atmos. Chem. Phys. 14 : 9317-9341 View in Article Scopus (139)
Crossref
Google Scholar
Vaughn N.R.
et al. Long-term fragmentation effects on the distribution and dynamics of canopy gaps in a tropical montane forest. Ecosphere. 6 : 1-15 View in Article Scopus (4)
Crossref
Google Scholar
IPCC (2014) Climate Change 2014: Synthesis Report. Contribution of Working Groups I, II and III to the Fifth Assessment Report, Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change View in Article Google Scholar
Elsen P.R.
Tingley M.W. Global mountain topography and the fate of montane species under climate change. Nat. Clim. Change. 5 : 772-776 View in Article Scopus (66)
Crossref
Google Scholar
Schweiger O.
et al. Multiple stressors on biotic interactions: how climate change and alien species interact to affect pollination. Biol. Rev. 85 : 777-795 View in Article PubMed
Google Scholar
Clark D.B.
et al. Annual wood production in a tropical rain forest in NE Costa Rica linked to climatic variation but not to increasing CO 2 . Glob. Change Biol. 16 : 747-759 View in Article Scopus (139)
Crossref
Google Scholar
Smith M.D. An ecological perspective on extreme climatic events: a synthetic definition and framework to guide future research. J. Ecol. 99 : 656-663 View in Article Scopus (282)
Crossref
Google Scholar
Cernusak L.A.
et al. Tropical forest responses to increasing atmospheric CO 2 : current knowledge and opportunities for future research. Funct. Plant Biol. 40 : 531-551 View in Article Scopus (53)
Crossref
Google Scholar
MacKenzie R.
et al. BIFoR FACE: a Free-Air Carbon Dioxide Enrichment (FACE) facility in old-growth temperate deciduous woodland. Geophys. Res. Abstr. 18 ( ) View in Article Google Scholar
Rowland L.
et al. Death from drought in tropical forests is triggered by hydraulics not carbon starvation. Nature. 528 : 119-122 View in Article PubMed
Google Scholar
Laurance W.F. Contemporary drivers of forest fragmentation. in: Kettle C.J. Koh L.P. Global Forest Fragmentation. CABI , ; : 20-27 View in Article Google Scholar
Klimes P.
et al. Experimental suppression of ants foraging on rainforest vegetation in New Guinea: testing methods for a whole-forest manipulation of insect communities. Ecol. Entomol. 36 : 94-103 View in Article Scopus (21)
Crossref
Google Scholar
Novotny V.
Miller S.E. Mapping and understanding the diversity of insects in the tropics: past achievements and future directions. Austral. Entomol. 53 : 259-267 View in Article Scopus (18)
Crossref
Google Scholar
Affeld K.
et al. Can spatial variation in epiphyte diversity and community structure be predicted from sampling vascular epiphytes alone?. J. Biogeogr. 35 : 2274-2288 View in Article Scopus (13)
Crossref
Google Scholar
Gilbert G.S.
Reynolds D.R. Nocturnal fungi: airborne spores in the canopy and understory of a tropical rain forest. Biotropica. 37 : 462-464 View in Article Scopus (35)
Crossref
Google Scholar
Unterseher M.
et al. Species richness and distribution patterns of leaf-inhabiting endophytic fungi in a temperate forest canopy. Mycol. Prog. 6 : 201-212 View in Article Scopus (33)
Crossref
Google Scholar
Duursma R.A.
et al. Canopy leaf area of a mature evergreen eucalyptus woodland does not respond to elevated atmospheric [CO 2 ] but tracks water availability. Glob. Change Biol. 22 : 1666-1676 View in Article Scopus (28)
PubMed
Crossref
Google Scholar
Place your first ad for FREE
Roommate / Shared ads are FREE
Students advertise for FREE Landlords Get your property in front of 1000's of potential renters. UVRENTSLINE.COM (fomerly amsrentsline.com) has been the first choice for UBC students, faculty and professionals since 1995.
read more TRY IT FOR FREE. Simply register using the icon above and you will be directed to "place your property listing" on our website. Each time you log in you can "edit" "cancel" "suspend" or "renew" your listing. Also, you'll get instant feedback on how many visitors have viewed your ad. All the details from your ad, including photo's, floor plans and descriptive material are saved for future reference.
For more information or questions email us at uvrentsline@gmail.com.
Renters Search our database of current listings for free. Use the "quick search feature" to filter by "accommodation type" "distance to UBC" "minimum/maximum rent" and by "preferred neighborhood". You can then contact the landlord directly via phone or by using the email form listed on their ad page. You can also have confidence in your choice of landlord by viewing the number of years clients have been advertising (Member since: July, 2006). Also, we keep a detailed record of any renters comments or feedback for each advertiser.
Please type in the Ad Number
Multiple Roommates Short Term Studio 1 Bedroom 2 Bedroom 3+ Bedroom Loft Other Map Loading...
Only listings within 18km of the UBC campus are displayed on this map. Javascript is required to view this map. Accommodation Types Roommates / Guest Rooms / Homestays
Bachelor / Studio
1 Bedroom
2 Bedroom
3 Bedroom or more
Loft & Live / Work
Other
All Accommodations
B & B
Resort / Hotel / Motel
Other (mobile homes, farms, etc)
Roommates / Guest Rooms / HomestaysBachelor / Studio1 Bedroom2 Bedroom3 Bedroom or moreLoft & Live / WorkOtherAll AccommodationsB & BResort / Hotel / MotelOther (mobile homes, farms, etc) Distance to University No limits Within 5 km Within 10 km Within 15 km Within 25 km Within 35 km Within 50 km Maximum Rent $100 or lower $250 $500 $750 $1000 $1250 $1500 $1750 $2000 $2250 $2500 $2750 $3000 No limits Neighbourhood All Neighbourhoods Vancouver (66 Ads) - Point Grey (11 Ads) - Dunbar (11 Ads) - Kitsilano (7 Ads) - Kerrisdale (4 Ads) - Downtown (4 Ads) - Oakridge (3 Ads) - Main Street (3 Ads) - Fraser (2 Ads) - Riley Park (2 Ads) - Kensington (2 Ads) - Cambie (2 Ads) - Fairview (2 Ads) - West End (1 Ad) - Coal Harbour (1 Ad) - South Granville (1 Ad) - Shaughnessy (1 Ad) - Marpole (1 Ad) - Arbutus (1 Ad) - MacKenzie Heights (1 Ad) - Tinseltown (1 Ad) - Renfrew Heights (1 Ad) - Killarney Area (1 Ad) - Victoria Drive (1 Ad) - Langara (1 Ad) - Dunbar/Southlands (1 Ad) Burnaby (2 Ads) - Metrotown (1 Ad) - Brentwood Mall (1 Ad) Coquitlam (1 Ad) - Coquitlam West (1 Ad) Richmond (3 Ads) - Steveston (1 Ad) - Cambie (1 Ad) - Richmond Center (1 Ad) Tenancy length All listings
Long Term only
Short Term only (under 3 months)
Advanced Search
A team of paleontologists has discovered a new species of turtle-like reptile that lived in what is now Germany during the Middle Triassic period, approximately 240 million years ago. According to the team, this extinct creature, named Pappochelys, is a missing link in the evolutionary history of turtles.
“The mystery of how the turtle got its shell has been a long-standing question in evolutionary biology. In the case of Pappochelys, we see that its belly was protected by an array of rod-like bones, some of which are already fused to each other,” said team member Dr Hans-Dieter Sues of the Smithsonian's National Museum of Natural History.
“Such a stage in the evolution of the turtle shell had long been predicted by embryological research on present-day turtles but had never been observed in fossils – until now.”
Dr Sues and his colleague, Dr Rainer Schoch of the State Museum of Natural History in Stuttgart, studied more than a dozen specimens of Pappochelys that were collected beginning in 2006.
Pappochelys was about 8 inches (20 cm) in length and lived in a tropical environment along the shores of a lake in what is now southern Germany. The reptile used its small, peg-like teeth to feed on insects and worms and had a long tail, possibly to help with swimming.
The scientists said that the discovery of this species confirms that the belly portion of the turtle shell, called the plastron, formed through the fusion of rib-like structures and parts of the shoulder girdle.
The physical traits of Pappochelys make it a clear intermediate between two of the earliest known turtles, Eunotosaurus and Odontochelys.
Eunotosaurus, considered the oldest precursor of turtles, dates back to 260 million years ago and lived in present-day South Africa. It had many characteristics only found in turtles, including broad ribs and a lack of intercostal muscles, which attach between the rib bones. Eunotosaurus also had a long slender tail.
By comparison, Odontochelys lived in present-day China 220 million years ago and had a fully developed plastron, a long tail and jaws with small teeth.
Pappochelys fits neatly between these two turtle precursors at 240 million years, sharing some characteristics with Eunotosaurus but having only a partially fused plastron.
Features in the skull of Pappochelys also provide critical evidence that turtles are most closely related to other modern reptiles, such as lizards and snakes. Previously, paleontologists believed that turtles may have descended from the earliest known reptiles.
Dr Sues and Dr Schoch have documented the discovery of Pappochelys in a paper published in the journal Nature.
_____
Rainer R. Schoch & Hans-Dieter Sues. A Middle Triassic stem-turtle and the evolution of the turtle body plan. Nature, published online June 24, 2015; doi: 10.1038/nature14472
On 9 July 2017, Breitbart News ran a story written by chart enthusiast James Delingpole, which carried a characteristically provocative and demonstrably false headline:
‘Nearly All' Recent Global Warming Is Fabricated, Study Finds
In it, Delingpole alleges that a “peer-reviewed” study (first “exclusively” highlighted by the Daily Caller), written by “two scientists and a veteran statistician” found evidence that “much of global warming has been fabricated by climate scientists”:
The peer-reviewed study by two scientists and a veteran statistician looked at the global average temperature datasets (GAST) which are used by climate alarmists to argue that recent years have been “the hottest evah” and that the warming of the last 120 years has been dramatic and unprecedented. What they found is that these readings are “totally inconsistent with published and credible U.S. and other temperature data.” That is, the adjusted data used by alarmist organizations like NASA, NOAA, and the UK Met Office differs so markedly from the original raw data that it cannot be trusted.
A Peer-Reviewed Study?
Breitbart here lowers the bar for what passes as both “peer-reviewed” and a “study”. This report, published on a WordPress blog run by co-author Joseph D'Aleo — a meteorologist who did not complete a PhD, but who prominently advertises his honorary doctorate on the document's cover page — is not published in a scientific journal.
Additionally, this study is not (as implied by some coverage) an official publication of the Cato Institute, despite the fact that co-author Craig Idso is an adjunct scientist there. “This study was not published by the Cato Institute,” a representative of the libertarian think tank told us.
The claim of peer review, widely reported by numerous outlets, evidently stems from the second page of the report, in which the names of seven scientists (spanning a wide range of fields including aerospace engineering and economics, despite a complete lack of discussion of these topics in the report) appear under the banner “The Undersigned Agree with the Conclusions of this Report”.
We reached out to these scientists to ask if this page was meant to imply that those listed individuals were the peer-reviewers news reports were speaking of. Only one person, George Wolff — a former Environmental Protection Agency atmospheric scientist who is now chief scientist for a company called Air Improvement Resource, Inc. — responded to our request. In a brief response, he simultaneously suggested that their inclusion on the document meant to imply they were the peer-reviewers, and that this process involved merely reading the study carefully:
My approach to reviewing the report was the same as I have used for the hundreds of journal articles that I have reviewed. I read the report carefully and critically. I gave it a formal peer-review.
Reading a study and saying that you agree with its conclusions is not how peer review works. A formal peer-review is a structured process that by nature requires a third party, usually a journal editor, who oversees an iterative process of critiques and revisions.
Given the fact that this study is not published in a journal but on a WordPress blog run by one of the co-authors, it is difficult to see how Wolff's careful and critical reading of the document constitutes a formal peer review. In response to multiple requests for clarification on what Wolff meant by “formal peer review”, he indicated that the conversations were between only himself and the lead author, making the suggestion of peer review more philosophical than an argument rooted in objective reality:
I provided critical comments to the lead author. We then discussed them and appropriate changes were made to the report.
Breitbart's Coverage of this “Study”
The main argument of the Breitbart article via this “study” appears to be that if you look at global surface temperature records compiled by a variety of governmental organizations, corrections applied to this data since the 1980s have steadily biased the results toward making current warming appear more dramatic by depressing past temperatures and inflating recent temperatures.
Delingpole even picked out his favorite chart that he claims makes this point:
This chart shows the difference in the corrected global temperature values, by month, from a National Climatic Data Center (NCDC) record produced in May 2008 compared to one produced with later corrections in June 2017. Importantly, they do not show a comparison between raw data and corrected data.
Using the apparently revelatory finding that the addition of more or higher quality data to a record can change and improve it over time, Breitbart cites co-author D'Aleo's analysis to suggest that the chart shows past temperatures are intentionally and nefariously biased to be cooler, while recent temperatures are biased to be warmer:
Note how most of the downward adjustments take place in the early twentieth century and most of the upward take place in the late twentieth century. According to meteorologist Joe D'Aleo, who co-authored the study with statistician James Wallace and Cato Institute climate scientist Craig Idso, this has the effect of exaggerating the warming trend. “Nearly all of the warming they are now showing are in the adjustments,” [D'Aleo said].
This statement implores us to falsely interpret the figure as showing changes to the raw data itself. As previously mentioned, however, this chart (and many similar ones in the “study”) shows changes between two versions of corrected data. To make the point Delingpole thinks D'Aleo is making, you would need to show that corrected records of climate relative to raw data make recent temperatures warmer than the raw data, and older records cooler.
Considering the most significant adjustment to the data actually increases early 20th century temperatures without doing the same to the post-1950 data, this argument would be a nearly impossible one to make if burdened by facts. Here's a comparison of a variety of corrected records compared to the raw (uncorrected data), showing that, in fact, the opposite of what D'Aleo is suggesting is the reality:
The “Study” Itself
Delingpole and D'Aleo's argument, if it accurately represented the data it claimed to be analyzing, might sound reasonable in the absence of literally any other information, but sprinkle just a pinch of context onto it and the interpretation becomes increasingly unpalatable, even with those grains of salt with which Delingpole implores us to take climate science. To dive into that context, some background is needed.
A bit about these records and how they are generated: Maintained by the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration's NCDC and other governmental organizations, these historical records come from myriad disparate, often non-standardized, and difficult to interpret bits of information — things like ship logs, buoy data, and instrument readings from mercury and digital thermometers. Both historical and modern data are continually added to these databases.
This heterogeneity of sources means there are a number of elements that, indeed, need to be adjusted if the record is to be internally consistent. One example comes from gradual changes made to the way in which temperature readings have been made since the 1950s, shifting from an evening reading to a morning reading, consequently shifting the raw data to become gradually cooler than morning temperature readings became more common.
Another very significant set of corrections that needs to be made stems from multiple shifts in how sea temperatures (which are used to calculate ocean surface air temperatures) have been measured on ships. Prior to the 1940s, buckets were thrown off the side of a boat, pulled up, and measured on the spot with a thermometer. Later, people began to use the intake water temperature in ship's engine rooms. Now, freestanding buoys are typically used, which provide relatively colder readings compared to engine room readings.
(It was, in fact, an increased understanding of the difference between buoy data and engine room data that caused the most significant change documented by the figure that Breitbart chose to highlight.)
Documenting the direction of these changes to the corrections, without explaining them, makes up a bulk of the main argument of the “study”. This section, which painstakingly reveals publicly available and well-discussed adjustments to historical climate records reads like a thriller, with the authors taking the reader chronologically step by step, through each mysterious (but also completely documented) correction to these global datasets.
Zeke Hausfather is a scientist at Berkeley Earth, an independent non-governmental research group originally skeptical of the correction methods employed in these sorts climate records. He told us these corrections change over time due to increased data and better analytical tools to analyze that data:
We have dramatically improved our ability to measure the Earth's climate the last thirty years. And we've also launched a lot of efforts to collect all of the global temperature data. […] Scientists in the eighties and nineties undertook some pretty big efforts to go around and collect all the weather records from all the stations you can find in various parts of the world. And this sort of efforts has continued up through today. And so, when you look at their, for example, 1980 value from NASA, what that actually came from was about five hundred or so stations on land almost entirely in the northern hemisphere. That's the best they had at the time so they said this is the best we can do for estimating global temperatures as these are all the stations that we have access to. Nowadays we actually have an ocean temperature record back to 1850 or so based on data from ships and more recently from buoys. And you know, two-thirds of the earth is ocean, so if you leave oceans out you're gonna get a fairly incorrect answer.
In the “study”, however, without once attempting to explain the reasons for the corrections, the authors boldly (and unconvincingly) conclude:
Clearly the historical GAST data adjustments that have been made have been dramatic and invariably have been favorable to Climate Alarmists' views regarding Global Warming. The question now is whether the latest versions of GAST data by NOAA, NASA and Hadley are credible for policy analysis, or even climate modeling, purposes.
Ignoring, once again, that adjustments to these records — relative to the raw data — decrease apparent warming across the 20th and 21st century, it is also worth noting that Berkeley Earth has painstakingly reviewed this process with their own independent methodology, concluding that the records produced by NCDC and others accurately represent global temperature trends. Hausfather was the lead author on that 2017 study.
The authors of the “study” Breitbart cites then attempt to make the point that the raw data from “exceptionally high quality sources” (for which they provide no selection criteria) demonstrate an ambiguously defined “natural cycle” gradually erased by malicious intent of data adjustments. Almost all of these records are from northern North America and literally all of them are from the Northern Hemisphere. Without acknowledging the geographical limits of their data, the authors conclude:
Thus, it seems that beyond any doubt, the U.S. data reflected in the Global Average Surface Temperature data calculation should contain the cyclical patterns shown above.
As previously mentioned, data used in the earliest records did indeed show this Northern Hemisphere signal more prominently because — follow us here — the vast majority was from land stations in North America. However, when you add the Southern Hemisphere signal — a crucial element in the “global” concept inherent to global warming — you are going to dampen the results a bit. This is one of the things that has been happening to that record since its earliest incarnation, says Hausfather:
The [1980 NASA record is] only based on about five hundred stations almost entirely from the Northern Hemisphere, you do see a bit more warmth in the '30's and '40's. Again [this is] because you're only looking at Northern Hemisphere lands. But when you add in the oceans, when you add in the Southern Hemisphere, that sort of mid-century warmth doesn't completely go away, but it becomes much smaller.
Ultimately, the central argument of this study and its representation by Breitbart and others is one based on a willful misreading of data propelled by a study whose academic rigor has been misrepresented. As such, we rank the claim that climate scientists have created global warming entirely through corrections to raw data as false. While these corrections to raw historical data have shifted over time, the cumulative effect of all corrections applied to the raw data has been to reduce apparent global warming over the industrialized period, not the other way around.
“If scientists were actually cooking the books,” Hausfather told us “we'd be cooking them in the wrong directions.”
Poetry
The Joy of Writing
Why does this written doe bound through these written woods?
For a drink of written water from a spring
whose surface will xerox her soft muzzle?
Why does she lift her head; does she hear something?
Perched on four slim legs borrowed from the truth,
she pricks up her ears beneath my fingertips.
Silence – this word also rustles across the page
and parts the boughs
that have sprouted from the word “woods.”
Lying in wait, set to pounce on the blank page,
are letters up to no good,
clutches of clauses so subordinate
they'll never let her get away.
Each drop of ink contains a fair supply
of hunters, equipped with squinting eyes behind their sights,
prepared to swarm the sloping pen at any moment,
surround the doe, and slowly aim their guns.
They forget that what's here isn't life.
Other laws, black on white, obtain.
The twinkling of an eye will take as long as I say,
and will, if I wish, divide into tiny eternities,
full of bullets stopped in mid-flight.
Not a thing will ever happen unless I say so.
Without my blessing, not a leaf will fall,
not a blade of grass will bend beneath that little hoof's full stop.
Is there then a world
where I rule absolutely on fate?
A time I bind with chains of signs?
An existence become endless at my bidding?
The joy of writing.
The power of preserving.
Revenge of a mortal hand.
By Wislawa Szymborska
From “No End of Fun”, 1967
Translated by S. Baranczak & C. Cavanagh
Copyright © Wislawa Szymborska, S. Baranczak & C. Cavanagh
To cite this section
MLA style: Poetry. NobelPrize.org. Nobel Media AB 2019. Wed. 27 Feb 2019. <https://www.nobelprize.org/prizes/literature/1996/szymborska/25585-poetry-1996-13/>
Mushrooms aren't just for stir-fry and psychedelic experiences anymore. Researchers are working on creating building materials, medicine, cleaning products, textiles, biofuels, packaging, and countless other products out of the fungi.
So what can't mushrooms do?
“Mushrooms can't play tennis,” says Tradd Cotter, mushroom researcher and cultivator for a company called Mushroom Mountain. “As far as their versatility in agriculture, medicine, and in the laboratory, there's not much they can't do.”
Mushroom Mountain focuses on growing, harvesting, selling, and researching mushrooms. The South Carolina-based company takes advantage of its proximity to Clemson University to collaborate on several research projects at the university, from medical to civil engineering, all involving mushroom science.
Here's a look at some of the emerging ways mushrooms are proving useful:
Building Materials
A few small structures have been made from mushroom-based building materials, and there are even companies that specialize in this “Mycotecture.” MycoWorks produces furniture and blocks, and Ecovative Design makes wall tiles, particleboard, a styrofoam substitute, and biodegradable packaging.
On the plus side, mushrooms grow quickly and create no carbon emissions or waste.
Phillip Ross, co-founder of MycoWorks, has a pending patent for “mycelium process engineering,” which he uses to make cheap, lightweight bricks. The blocks can then be used to make inexpensive but durable buildings. Mycelium is the threadlike, vegetative part of a mushroom, and the process of engineering involves using it as an adhesive.
Ecovative Design uses mycelium as a bonding agent to hold together wood particles for paneling, as well as for a durable, flame-retardant, and lightweight packaging.
Jennifer Ogle, a professor of civil engineering at Clemson University, is working on testing the mushroom-based building materials for strength, fire resistance, and insulation power.
Medicine
According to research by Tamara McNealy, a professor of biology at Clemson, fungi could help doctors fight superbugs. When faced with a bacterium that's resistant to current medications, she gives them to certain fungi, which then sweat out what she hopes can be a treatment specific to that pathogen.
However, not all mushroom meds are equal, says Cotter, who says he is skeptical of some mushroom-derived products on the market today. Various products are said to be good for immune support, stress relief, increased energy, and more. But the hot-water extraction technique sometimes in use would probably remove the restorative properties of the mushroom, rending the medicine ineffective, warns Cotter.
It's a reminder that rigorous testing is required before fungus-based products can move from the lab to store shelves.
Watch: This mushroom suit eats corpses.
The Future
Although there may be a number of surprising benefits from mushrooms, getting products to market is likely to take time and research. This field even has a name: bioprospecting.
“We're panning for something, and it may take time,” says Cotter. “Once in a while you find a little golden nugget in the stream. But most of the time you're just panning away.”
Sue Van Hook, a mycological consultant for Ecovative Design, says mushrooms have incredible potential. “My experience as a mycologist is that I just go out into the woods and I ask who wants to play,” she says.
Cotter has similar sentiments toward mushrooms, calling them “patient” and “wise.”
“Whether you like to eat them or not, the future is fungi,” adds Cotter. “And be prepared to see them shine in many different aspects of our lives.”
Books are lots of things – heartbreaking, enlightening, maddening and sometimes downright dumb. Whether they are intended to fool you, encourage you, or shed light on the truth, some books end up making readers dumber than they were before. Here are just 10 of the many books that will make you dumber:
The Secret by Rhonda Byrne
The secret is out- you will feel dumber after reading this book. The book claims that the secret to a wealthy, happy and healthy life is to change your way of thinking and you'll achieve positive life-changing results. Readers are told that victims can only blame themselves for their misfortunes, such as natural disasters and obesity, which Byrne claims is a product of their negative thinking. The Secret has encouraged a blame-the-victim approach to life and given nothing more than false hope to readers. But, maybe if you think long and hard about how dumb this book is it will go away once and for all.
The secret is out- you will feel dumber after reading this book. The book claims that the secret to a wealthy, happy and healthy life is to change your way of thinking and you'll achieve positive life-changing results. Readers are told that victims can only blame themselves for their misfortunes, such as natural disasters and obesity, which Byrne claims is a product of their negative thinking. has encouraged a blame-the-victim approach to life and given nothing more than false hope to readers. But, maybe if you think long and hard about how dumb this book is it will go away once and for all. No Mad by Sam Moffie
No Mad might actually make you mad and dumber after reading it. No Mad is about a writer who gets a major book deal followed by a divorce from his wife. Moffie portrays his main character as the perfect man with no imperfections, and expects you to wholeheartedly believe his story and find him worthy of such fortunes. This book will make you dumber from the not-so-intelligent prose, unrealistic characterization and the author's bolded pop culture references that he thinks you're too stupid to catch on your own.
might actually make you mad and dumber after reading it. is about a writer who gets a major book deal followed by a divorce from his wife. Moffie portrays his main character as the perfect man with no imperfections, and expects you to wholeheartedly believe his story and find him worthy of such fortunes. This book will make you dumber from the not-so-intelligent prose, unrealistic characterization and the author's bolded pop culture references that he thinks you're too stupid to catch on your own. The Da Vinci Code by Dan Brown
The Da Vinci Code was more of a decoder for errors than it was for investigating a murder in Paris' Louvre Museum, which leads to the main characters' discovery that Jesus Christ of Nazareth was possibly married to Mary Magdalene. Although it's a fiction novel, Brown supports this belief, which he claims is backed by historical facts and truth. In addition to its historical inaccuracies, The Da Vinci Code has also been criticized for its lack of artistic merit, literary mistakes and thoughtless prose. So, if you want to be dumbed down by a know-it-all, read this book.
was more of a decoder for errors than it was for investigating a murder in Paris' Louvre Museum, which leads to the main characters' discovery that Jesus Christ of Nazareth was possibly married to Mary Magdalene. Although it's a fiction novel, Brown supports this belief, which he claims is backed by historical facts and truth. In addition to its historical inaccuracies, has also been criticized for its lack of artistic merit, literary mistakes and thoughtless prose. So, if you want to be dumbed down by a know-it-all, read this book. Confessions of an Heiress by Paris Hilton
Obviously if you pick up party girl Paris Hilton's book, Confessions of an Heiress: A Tongue-in-Chic Peek Behind the Pose , you probably weren't looking for imaginative storytelling and quality prose. However, it's the “tongue in cheek” theme that keeps it from being marketed as a serious portrayal of Paris, but sadly, we all know it is spot-on. So, unless you want to take notes on Paris' favorite designer brands, cities, cosmetic products, and believe that you too can be an heiress if you “always act like you're wearing an invisible crown,” then save your money and don't read this book.
Obviously if you pick up party girl Paris Hilton's book, , you probably weren't looking for imaginative storytelling and quality prose. However, it's the “tongue in cheek” theme that keeps it from being marketed as a serious portrayal of Paris, but sadly, we all know it is spot-on. So, unless you want to take notes on Paris' favorite designer brands, cities, cosmetic products, and believe that you too can be an heiress if you “always act like you're wearing an invisible crown,” then save your money and don't read this book. If I Did It by O.J. Simpson
If I Did It captures O.J. Simpson's hypothetical confession to murdering Nicole Brown Simpson and Ronald Goldman. Like adding salt to the wound, publisher Judith Regan allowed Simpson a chance to confess again and cash in on his wrongdoing. The original 2006 release of the book was canceled due to a high level of public criticism, and all 400,000 printed copies were recalled to be destroyed by News Corporation. However, copies of the book were available through some bookstores, and it leaked online in 2007, which is how many got their hands on it. So, unless you like supporting a possible murderer, you should probably steer clear of this book.
captures O.J. Simpson's hypothetical confession to murdering Nicole Brown Simpson and Ronald Goldman. Like adding salt to the wound, publisher Judith Regan allowed Simpson a chance to confess again and cash in on his wrongdoing. The original 2006 release of the book was canceled due to a high level of public criticism, and all 400,000 printed copies were recalled to be destroyed by News Corporation. However, copies of the book were available through some bookstores, and it leaked online in 2007, which is how many got their hands on it. So, unless you like supporting a possible murderer, you should probably steer clear of this book. I Hope They Serve Beer in Hell by Tucker Max
I Hope They Serve Beer in Hell captures the real life adventures of playboy Tucker Max. Bachelor parties, booze and babes make up this manly book, but you'll no doubt feel like a slime ball and dumber after reading it.
captures the real life adventures of playboy Tucker Max. Bachelor parties, booze and babes make up this manly book, but you'll no doubt feel like a slime ball and dumber after reading it. A Million Little Pieces by James Frey
A Million Little Pieces or “A Million Little Lies,” as you may have heard it, is semi-fictional memoir by James Frey, which tells his story of rehabilitation for alcohol and drug abuse. Years after its release, this New York Times best seller drew some not-so-positive attention for its apparent fabrications that The Smoking Gun found during six weeks of investigation. The investigation found major fabrications in Frey's drug abuse accounts, criminal record, experiences and life. Although Frey has defended his story and issued notes and apologies, it's still difficult to get past the fact that he lied to readers and cashed in on a fabricated story printed as fact.
or “A Million Little Lies,” as you may have heard it, is semi-fictional memoir by James Frey, which tells his story of rehabilitation for alcohol and drug abuse. Years after its release, this best seller drew some not-so-positive attention for its apparent fabrications that found during six weeks of investigation. The investigation found major fabrications in Frey's drug abuse accounts, criminal record, experiences and life. Although Frey has defended his story and issued notes and apologies, it's still difficult to get past the fact that he lied to readers and cashed in on a fabricated story printed as fact. Louder than Words by Jenny McCarthy
Jenny McCarthy's memoir, Louder than Words is the story of her son's struggle with autism and her journey to better understand this complex condition. Although this book landed on the New York Times bestseller list, readers are again faced with a celebrity's real-life situation that is only relatable to people with a similar cash flow. Instead of giving advice from an everyday parent's perspective, McCarthy speaks on behalf of a stressed celebrity mom. Also, unless you think researching the Web makes you an expert on the topic of autism and worthy of being a spokesperson for the cause, you shouldn't read this book for its authority.
Jenny McCarthy's memoir, is the story of her son's struggle with autism and her journey to better understand this complex condition. Although this book landed on the bestseller list, readers are again faced with a celebrity's real-life situation that is only relatable to people with a similar cash flow. Instead of giving advice from an everyday parent's perspective, McCarthy speaks on behalf of a stressed celebrity mom. Also, unless you think researching the Web makes you an expert on the topic of autism and worthy of being a spokesperson for the cause, you shouldn't read this book for its authority. The Alphabet of Manliness by Maddox
For every letter of the alphabet, there's a word to describe sometime masculine in The Alphabet of Manliness . Depending on the reader, this book is more playful than serious, but if you don't really need to learn urinal etiquette or have the author to point out that “A” is for Ass Kicking, then this book will make you dumber.
For every letter of the alphabet, there's a word to describe sometime masculine in . Depending on the reader, this book is more playful than serious, but if you don't really need to learn urinal etiquette or have the author to point out that “A” is for Ass Kicking, then this book will make you dumber. Twilight by Stephenie Meyer
Twilight is the story of two high school students, Bella and Edward, who are torn by the forbidden love between a human and a vampire. Although Twilight is written for teens and tweens, you'll find 30, 40 and 50 year olds reading the saga and getting giddy over Edward and Jacob. The hype of Twilight sucks people in, without giving much consideration to the context, its ludicrous plot and the controversy of a Mormon author writing about teen lust, love and the undead.
“Oggatonama”, Tauquir Ahmed's latest big screen venture, is shining its light in the far corners of the world. At the award ceremony of the Film Fest Kosova on Sunday, Tauquir Ahmed had his hands full, quite literally, as he picked up the awards for Best Director and Best Screenplay.
The film which released in Bangladesh on August 19, earlier won a jury mention at an independent film festival in Naples, Italy, and was screened at the Le Marché du Film on the sidelines of this year's Cannes festival. It is set to premiere in Paris tomorrow (September 7), and will travel next to the USA to participate in the Washington DC South Asian Film Festival from September 9-11. It will then be screened at the Religion Today Film Festival in Trento, Italy from October 7-17, before going back to the USA to the Seattle South Asian Film Festival (October 14-23).
The film, starring Fazlur Rahman Babu, Shahiduzzaman Selim, Nipun, Mosharraf Karim, Shatabdi Wadud, Abul Hayat, Shehed Sharif Khan, Shahed Ali Sujon and many others, has also received rave reviews in Bangladesh.
AICC general secretary Shakeel Ahmed on Sunday said that rallies of "only one Chief Minister, Narendra Modi of BJP," were being covered by media, while five Chief Ministers of Congress were addressing rallies in New Delhi.
Congress rubbished BJP's claim that senior leaders of the ruling party at the Centre were cancelling rallies in the national capital because, unlike Narendra Modi's rallies, these were not attracting crowds.
AICC general secretary Shakeel Ahmed on Sunday said that rallies of "only one Chief Minister, Narendra Modi of BJP," were being covered by media, while five Chief Ministers of Congress were addressing rallies in New Delhi.
"Five Chief Ministers are campaigning for Congress - Sheila Dikshit of Delhi, Virbhadra Singh of Himachal Pradesh, Vijay Bahuguna of Uttarakhand, Oommen Chandy of Kerala and Bhupinder Singh Hooda of Haryana."
"But the attitude of media is somewhat surprising that they are giving publicity to the public meetings of Modi."
"This, when all these five Congress-ruled states are more developed than Gujarat," Ahmed said.
When it was pointed out that no top leader of the party like Sonia Gandhi, Rahul and Prime Minister Manmohan Singh are addressing rallies for Congress in the last leg of campaign for Delhi, he said Congress president Sonia Gandhi has already addressed one rally and Congress vice president Rahul has addressed two.
He said that Prime Minister Manmohan Singh's rally on November 30 had to be cancelled because of the visit by Japanese emperor and empress.
"Congress has not stopped its campaigning," he said.
"Dozens of leaders including Union Ministers Salman Khurshid, Ghulam Nabi Azad, Harish Rawat, K Rahman Khan, Kumari Selja, V Narayansamy, RPN Singh and Jitin Prasada, Punjab PCC chief Pratap Singh Bajwa, Assam PCC chief Bhuvneshwar Kalita and MPs Raj Babbar, Md Azaharuddin, Mukul Wasnik, Satpal Maharaj and others are campaigning," he said.
He said BJP leaders have on the other hand left everything to the Chief Minister of one state, Narendra Modi, and its local leadership has "totally surrendered realising they cannot defeat Sheila Dikshit on their own."
On the contrary, Ahmed said that ministers of Delhi government are out to address people and seek their vote.
After Dr Singh's last minute cancellation of the November 30 rally, BJP had said Congress leaders have stopped addressing rallies seeing the crowd at Modi's rallies in Delhi.
BJP had earlier taunted Congress over reports of people leaving the rally ground ahead of Rahul Gandhi's address.
YouTube "Last Week Tonight" host John Oliver did a 13-minute segment on FIFA on his HBO show Sunday night.
It was masterful.
He touched on nearly every contemporary criticism of the organization, ripping them for everything from 2014 World Cup costs to Qatar's abysmal human-rights record.
The litany of things he talked about:
The $270-million stadium in Manaus— an Amazon outpost without a professional team and no need for a giant soccer stadium.
FIFA reaping the profits of the World Cup while leaving Brazil with the costs.
FIFA forcing Brazil to repeal a public-safety law that banned the sale of alcohol in stadiums: "FIFA seemed anxious to protect Budweiser from a law designed to protect people."
FIFA's tax-exempt status as a nonprofit, even though it has $1 billion in the bank: "When your rainy-day fund is so big you've got to check it for swimming cartoon ducks, you might not be a nonprofit anymore."
FIFA's propaganda film.
Sepp Blatter saying the way to boost interest in women's soccer is by having the players wear tighter shorts.
The official website for the Garo anime announced on Friday that Masakazu Katsura (Tiger & Bunny character design, Zetman original creator) will design the characters for the upcoming second anime series, Garo -Guren no Tsuki- (Garo -Moon of Crimson-). The website teased his designs with a key visual of the characters in silhouette.
The website also began streaming a teaser video focusing on one of the main characters, Raikō, a "person who attacks the darkness." The video is the first in a series.
The video features the line "I will definitely not forgive those who exploit the weakness of people's hearts" next to a silhouette of Raikō. The end of the video features the line "In a world of peace (Heian), darkness surges."
Producer Masao Maruyama announced at animation studio MAPPA's Otakon panel in July that the new series will be set in Japan's Heian period and will have a female protagonist.
The Garo Project began in 2005, with the first live-action series airing in 2006 with 25 episodes. It has since inspired multiple television series, films, and specials. The most recent live-action drama, Garo -Gold Storm- Shō, debuted with a film in March, followed by a television series in April.
The first television anime, Garo: Honoo no Kokuin, premiered in October, and Funimation streamed the series as it aired in Japan.
An anime film with a new story is slated for this summer in Japan.
Source: Comic Natalie
CLOSE Pro-democracy protesters kept behind police barricades heckled Hong Kong's embattled leader on Wednesday when he attended a flag-raising ceremony on China's National Day. (Oct. 1) AP
Pro-democracy demonstrators display placards as they gather near a ceremony marking China's 65th National Day in Hong Kong on Oct. 1. (Photo11: AFP)
HONG KONG — Tens of thousands of Hong Kong residents marked China's National Day holiday on Wednesday with another show of defiance toward the city's pro-Beijing government, but there were no immediate signs authorities would try to disperse the pro-democracy demonstrators.
Student leaders of the protests vowed that if Hong Kong's leader doesn't resign by Thursday they will occupy several important government buildings, a scenario that raises the stakes for both sides because such a move is not likely to be tolerated by authorities.
Earlier Wednesday, activists protested outside a government flag-raising ceremony to mark the anniversary of the founding of communist China in 1949. Hong Kong's embattled leader, Leung Chun-ying, was heckled as he spoke at the reception and hundreds of protesters jeered the Chinese national flag as helicopters flew above Victoria Harbor.
In his speech, Leung made no direct mention of the protesters, who have blocked streets for days across the semiautonomous territory to press demands for genuine democratic reforms for Hong Kong's first direct elections in 2017 to choose the city's top leader.
Student leader Joshua Wong, the 17-year-old founder of the influential Scholarism protest movement, led 30 people who turned their backs on the flag near the flag-raising ceremony in the Wanchai district, "to show our disagreement towards the CCP (Chinese Communist Party), especially for the decision made on political reform in Hong Kong," he said.
The holiday will last for two days. With schools and offices closed, Wong expects even larger numbers on the streets to demand Leung's resignation and that Beijing withdraw its decision requiring a panel approved by the Chinese government to screen candidates for the Hong Kong leader role, known as chief executive.
"I hope the people will keep safe and still rely on the principle of non-violence," said Wong.
So far, it is an extremely polite "revolution," with many protesters eager to pick up litter, distribute supplies and help people cross road barriers built to separate what are usually busy lanes of auto traffic.
On Harcourt Road, student Cheryl Au was among several groups of young people Wednesday sweating to scrub off pro-democracy slogans painted and sprayed onto roads and barriers in recent days. "We are protesting against the government, but we should not destroy public property," she explained.
Followers of the Falun Gong spiritual movement, banned as an "evil cult" on the mainland, marched through central Hong Kong, along the roads not blocked by protesters.
With neither officials nor the founders of the pro-democracy movement appearing ready to compromise, it's not clear what happens next. Although there have been no further violent clashes since police used tear gas Sunday to disperse demonstrators, Thursday may bring more confrontation.
Agnes Chow, a spokeswoman for the Scholarism student movement, said protesters may enter "important government offices" Thursday if Hong Kong's leader Leung does not meet their demands.
Authorities have already canceled a planned Wednesday evening fireworks show, and Leung called the protests illegal, saying Beijing will not change its mind over its electoral decision.
Ken Tong, 28, an engineer, would normally spend National Day relaxing with relatives, "but this is a critical event, people come here to show their voice not only to the Hong Kong government but also the mainland China government that we must have a free choice of chief executive," he said.
"We want more than the chief executive resigning. ... If the system doesn't change, Beijing will just send anyone to sit as chief executive, and nothing changes," Tong said.
Beijing's top official in Hong Kong dismissed the protests Wednesday. "The sun rises as usual," said Zhang Xiaoming, director of the central government's liaison office, reported the South China Morning Post.
China has criticized the protests as unlawful, and Chinese President Xi Jinping vowed in a National Day speech to "steadfastly safeguard" Hong Kong's prosperity and stability. So far, China has not overtly intervened in the situation.
"Frankly, if I was a government official, I would not have a clue how to solve this," Chit Lau, a 35-year-old pilot, told the Associated Press, adding he thought the stalemate would continue until Leung or some other top official resigned, or the army clashed with the people.
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/YRUQt4
Man receives 20 years for half an ounce of marijuana
Storified by AJAMStream· Fri, Sep 27 2013 14:33:55
@Lawsonbulk this is insanity-shows what a colossal #fail #congress is on #marijuana laws & waste of #tax dollars let alone personal tragedySCVIndy
@FieldsHG The "Justice" system is just amazingMatthew Kirton
@rcooley123 That really is cruel and unusual punishment. Disgraceful.Beth Smith
One Twitter user chose to focus on the strict punishments enforced in Louisiana in particular:
@consprcy_carrot That would be legal or non-criminal in other parts of the SAME country.Rick Nothing
Another person criticized the U.S.' "War on Drugs" policy:
@jackhartmann we need to criminalize the drug war.Michelle
Although Ladd's race was withheld, some used his case to highlight the disproportionate incarceration rates that have come to characterize the War on Drugs:
@DrugPolicyNews @GreenerGA Continued SILENCE about #DrugApartheid Discrimination Policy = These Hate Crimes continuing unabated. WAKE UP!Medcanpoet
@Michelle9647 @dabreakradio This seems more personal than just, if nt colr, judge hvin a bad day.ccwriter
Others chose to pinpoint the implicit roles of private prisons in the continued policies that constitute the drug war:
@Michelle9647 They have to keep those privatized corporate prisons full. It's in their contracts.FriendofTrees
27-Year-Old Man Gets "20 Years Hard Labor" for Half Ounce of Pot.This is how they keep private prisons full http://www.alternet.org/drugs/27-year-old-man-gets-20-years-hard-labor-half-ounce-pot #CorruptAlmaz
A little felt that the punishment was warranted:
Louisiana Man Ladd Sentenced To 20 Years In Prison For Half Ounce Of Marijuana http://www.opposingviews.com/i/society/drug-law/louisiana-man-ladd-sentenced-20-years-prison-half-ounce-marijuana He's a Habitual Offender. So?David
@derekbayer @joerogan prior drug convictions, sentenced as habitual offender. Also his sentence is UP to 20 years, not a flat 20RJ Reber
@jaylee4291 But some of the cities in America are ravaged by drugs, it's a tragedy. So complicated.David Brown
What do you think about the sentence? Leave a comment below.
By Wang Min, professor of Hosei University, Japan
An article written by Professor Wang Min and published in the Japan New-generation Overseas Chinese Newspaper last Wednesday sheds light on how Japanese Emperor Akihito and Empress Michiko view the relationship between Japanese and Chinese cultures.
File photo: Japanese Emperor Akihito and Empress Michiko are visiting an exhibition of arts in the Chinese Tang Dynasty at the Tokyo National Museum in August, 2005. [Chinanews]
An excerpt is as follows:
Every year, Japan's Emperor and Empress invite experts and scholars for talks and discussions at their palace. On February 26, 2007, I was recommended and invited to take part in a special lecture themed on "mutual understanding of the Asian culture", where I was able to communicate with the Emperor and Empress face to face.
In accordance with the standards of many countries, the content of the closed-door discussions has to be kept in secret for a certain period. Two years later, we can now talk about it.
Issues relating to China
We talked with the Emperor and Empress while we dined together around a small table. Though the Empress had a cold and a fever, she showed considerable interest, sustaining the discussion with her guests and prolonging it beyond the scheduled time limit.
Aware that I was Chinese, Emperor Akihito began by mentioning that his second son had studied Chinese at college and had once been to southwest China's Yunnan Province to learn about ‘the rooster of the long-crow' as part of his thesis. It is said that in Ancient Japan roosters were raised in order to listen to their crow and admire their beautiful feathers rather than for eating.
Empress Michiko recalled that when she was a little girl, her textbooks contained many Chinese poems and articles. Thinking back to a song recounting how large China is and how broad the Chinese mind is, she was even able to recite all the lyrics by heart.
She also said that plum blossom was described in detail in the famous Japanese literature works Manyoshu, reflecting the influence of Chinese culture. Japanese people began to depict cherry blossom after the 10th Century AD, but previous to that era, the flower that was most talked about was the plum blossom.
Emperor Akihito went on to explain that many Japanese royal family rituals were related to Chinese traditions. For instance, in the past the Empress needed to wear the "phoenix coronet and decorated shawl" when attending a ceremony, just as a Chinese Empress would do. He also said his alternative courtesy name - "Rong", meaning tung – also had Chinese connections, as Japan had a similar legend telling how the phoenix will fly to the tung tree, which is a sign of luck and prosperity.
Both the Emperor and Empress said they had been to China's Shanghai, Beijing and Xi'an cities and loved their trips there.
Asian cultures are interlinked
I talked about the century-old tradition of Chinese students studying in Japan. They listened carefully and appeared very familiar with China's history.
On the subject of studying and living in Japan, I said that my experience was that many Japanese people enjoyed Chinese poetry and ancient Chinese culture. Japan's Shoso-in, where the national treasures are kept, houses many valuables such as ancient traditional Chinese musical instruments like the lute. Many wars and natural disasters have taken their toll of such items, and few have survived. Some ancient Chinese books that are now out of print in China can still be found in Japan.
The Empress said Japanese people knew less about China than previously, though many still pursued such studies. Lots of Japanese were indeed interested in China, although fewer knew a few about the South Korean culture.
I asked whether they had seen the South Korean TV series Dae Jang-geum. They smiled and said both they and their granddaughters enjoyed it very much. When I told them that its audience rating in China is 20 percent, the Emperor immediately asked why. I explained that although people saw things differently, by watching this TV series they could see how traditional culture penetrated deeply into their daily lives, and feel the impact of such traditions.
'We are the same'
When the Emperor and Empress asked how modern Chinese viewed Japanese culture, I told them Chinese people had a good many opportunities to acquaint themselves with Japanese culture. From the most ancient books - Kojiki and Manyoshu - through those written in the Taisho Period and Showa Period, to contemporary novels by Haruki Murakami, large numbers of typical works had been translated into Chinese and were available in most book stores.
Some people consider that Japan is the storehouse of the Asian cultures as it has preserved cultures that have disappeared in other Asian countries. I think there was some truth in this. I had not been familiar with the rituals of the Double Seventh Festival, but in Japan I learned what were the appropriate ornaments, food, and ceremonials.
Talking of the Japanese books I have translated, I told them the Chinese version of Kenji Miyazawa, a poet and author of children's literature of the early Showa period, would be published in China soon, which seemed to please them.
When the Emperor asked my opinion on Miyazawa's works I referred to the poem Not Losing to the Rain. This poem helped me to appreciate that whether Japanese or Chinese, we are all the same - simple people who love peace and enjoy life. Prior to this, I had known a different kind of Japanese, in particular members of the military, and this poem offered me the chance to discover another Japan. The Emperor repeated the phrase over and over: "Yes, we are the same."
(China.org.cn translated by Zhou Jing June 15, 2009)
Pressure grows on NZ prime minister Jacinda Ardern to make unilateral decision to take hundreds of men from closed detention centre
Refugee advocates in New Zealand and beyond are urging the new Labour government to bypass talks with Australia to resolve the escalating humanitarian crisis on Manus Island.
Manus island camp is a landscape of surreal horror | Behrouz Boochani Read more
Prime minister Jacinda Ardern has offered to take 150 of the 400 refugees and asylum seekers who have barricaded themselves in an abandoned detention centre on Manus Island in Papua New Guinea. The men are living in squalor without power, sanitation facilities or medical treatment, but say they fear for their safety in PNG if they were to leave.
One week ago Australian prime minister Malcolm Turnbull refused New Zealand's offer, and the situation continues to deteriorate, with Amnesty International reporting 90 men are now sick.
Ardern said she intended to press Turnbull to accept New Zealand's offer this week at their meeting in Manila, as direct talks with Australia were the “fastest route” to resolve the crisis.
“We made the offer because we saw a great need. No matter what label you put on it there is absolute need and there is harm being done,” Ardern said at the weekend at the Apec summit in Vietnam.
“I see the human face of this and I see the need and the role New Zealand needs to play. I think it's clear that we don't see what's happening there as acceptable, that's why the offer's there.”
By Tuesday, the two leaders had not held formal talks on the issue.
Papua New Guinea MP Charlie Benjamin told Radio New Zealand that the New Zealand government should bypass Australia and discuss its offer directly with the PNG government and the UN, a suggestion refugee advocates in New Zealand are also pushing for.
Arif Saeid from the Refugee Council for New Zealand said Ardern had the “freedom” to bypass the Australian government and a humanitarian obligation to do so.
“New Zealand is one of the signatories for the UN refugee convention and if Australia does not accept New Zealand's offer, then New Zealand can and should go straight to PNG,” said Saeid.
“The situation is getting worse day by day on Manus Island. Before anything horrible happens, New Zealand has to intervene.”
Saeid said New Zealand should also seriously consider offering asylum to all 600 men from Manus Island, as the men's welfare was in immediate jeopardy.
Michele Cox, the CEO of Asylum Seekers Support Trust in Auckland, said if Australia did not accept New Zealand's offer within the next few days, it was time for the government to press ahead regardless.
“We are a wealthy country, we can find that support if we really need to and this is a crisis, so it would be good to see New Zealand step in and show its humanitarian colours.
“I think the NZ government has made all the right noises. It is a very quick test of whether they are prepared to put their money where their mouth is. I have hope that they will do more.”
Greens MP Golriz Ghahraman, herself a former refugee and human rights lawyer for the UN, said Australia appeared to be “stalling” over making a decision regarding the Manus refugees and was using “delay tactics” to wait for media attention to subside so the men could be forcibly removed from the facility. She joined calls for New Zealand to take the men.
Leave today or face forcible eviction, men in Manus centre told Read more
“The indication from the Mangere Refugee Centre [in Auckland] is that they can take 150 to 194 in an ordinary intake, and they can take 250 with bunking. So they can take 250, we have the resources for that.”
Australian NGOs had offered to fly to New Zealand and provide “wraparound” services for Manus Island refugees, said Ghahraman, if New Zealand took the full 600.
Gharaman said to the best of her knowledge the government was currently negotiating only with Australia, although the NZ Herald reported seeing foreign affairs minister Winston Peters holding private talks with the Papua New Guinea prime minister, Peter O'Neill, at the Apec summit.
“The best option ovbiously would be if Australia stops selling off its human rights obligations in the Pacific, closed the camps and just processed these people as refugees, as it has an obligation to do,” said Gharaman.
The United Nations refugee agency on Tuesday urged Australia to accept New Zealand's offer to resettle 150 refugees. “We urge Australia to reconsider this and take up the offer,” Nai Jit Lam, deputy regional representative at the UNHCR said.
New Zealand currently accepts 750 refugees every year, with the new Labour government pledging to double that number in the next three years.
The New Zealand Red Cross, which helps process and integrate asylum seekers, said it was ready and prepared to accept the Manus Island refugees.
The uncomfortable attempting to justify the indefensible. That was how it looked as government ministers Harjit Sajjan, Judy Foote and Navdeep Bains delivered the news that Ottawa will sole source the interim purchase of 18 Boeing Super Hornet fighter jets. They appeared to be secretly ashamed at the trumpery of it all, as well they should have been.
The Liberal government had a political problem: it campaigned on the promise that it would not purchase Lockheed Martin's F-35 fighter jet, and that it would “immediately” launch an open and transparent competition to replace the aging CF18 fighter fleet.
But it could not risk being too open, transparent or immediate, lest the F-35 win before the next election.
So political operatives in the Prime Minister's Office came up with a plan so cunning, you could put a tail on it and call it a fox: buy a small number of the F-35's competitor and push off the competition to replace the fleet for five years.
Sajjan, the defence minister, decried the mismanagement of the previous Conservative government — “a highly politicized process” — that has left just 77 CF-18s in the fleet and no replacement jets on order. In this, he's right but it hardly excuses instigating a repeat of history as farce.
By sole sourcing the interim purchase, the Liberals will be doing exactly what the Conservatives did when they chose the F-35 in the first place.
Sajjan waved away such suggestions. Canada has a “capability gap,” he argued, and is unable to meet its Norad and NATO commitments.
He presented the new plan as a political solution to a national security problem.
The reality, of course, is that the Liberals have brought forward a political solution to solve a political problem of their own making.
The commander of the air force, Lt.-Gen Mike Hood, who was noticeable by his absence, previously told Parliament he needs just 65 aircraft to fulfil Canada's commitments, so the capability gap argument is unconvincing. (Chief of the Defence Staff, Jonathan Vance, was present at Tuesday's press conference and said the Air Force cannot meet its current missions and have the ability to respond to unforeseen circumstances. But really, what else was he going to say? This is a political decision and Vance is obliged to suck it up or resign.)
Hood told a parliamentary committee last spring that he was confident the Air Force could cope, if a decision on a replacement fleet was taken “in the next five years.”
That was why Foote, the procurement minister, said the government will undertake a lengthy competition “to avoid the mistakes of the past; we will not cut corners.”
Does that mean her department is cutting corners with the new warships that just went out to tender? A winner for the Canadian Surface Combatant program will be chosen by 2017.
Ottawa has already held two rounds of consultations with industry on the fighters. How much more is there to learn? Alan Williams, former assistant deputy minister of material at the Department of National Defence, has said a competition could produce results within a year.
But that would mean a winner could be chosen before the next election — an unacceptable political outcome for the Liberals.
Hence the curious solution of Canada now “exploring” the acquisition of 18 new Super Hornets with Boeing.
“Before proceeding, the government reserves the right to decide if they can provide the interim fleet at a cost, time, level of capability and economic value that is acceptable to Canada,” said the official news release.
But surely that decision has already been taken. If there were any doubts about Boeing's ability to deliver or about the price, why make the announcement?
Foote said the Super Hornet was chosen because it is “not in development,” a veiled reference to the F-35, even though the U.S. air force declared its first squadron of F-35A fighters combat ready in August.
What is clear is that the interim purchase will reduce the amount available to buy a replacement fleet. The government had previously earmarked $9 billion for 65 new jets. Foote could not say what the interim purchase would cost and Sajjan would not say how many jets the Air Force might still need, after the interim purchase of 18 new planes.
But we do know Kuwait bought 40 full-loaded Super Hornets, with support, equipment and training, for US$10.1 billion this week.
We also know that the 18 jets will be more expensive than they might have been, had the downward pressure on costs of a competition not been removed.
By sole sourcing from Boeing, the government may well have skewed the outcome of any future competition. The purchase of new Super Hornets will mean the RCAF will be operating a mixed fleet. The two jets share common weapons systems but have different engines, radar and electronics. Is the government willing to complicate things further, with the attendant cost implications, of adding a third jet to the mix?
Foote said, “Anyone who meets the criteria and wants to compete will be able to compete.” Yet the Liberal platform was clear that the CF-18 replacement competition “will exclude requirements that do not reflect Canada's interests such as first-strike stealth capabilities” – for which read the F-35.
Yet what is apparent to anyone with eyes is that Canada's interests have been supplanted by the Liberal Party of Canada's interests.
We may never know which aircraft best suits Canada's needs. But we can be in no doubt about which best favours Liberal fortunes.
• Email: jivison@nationalpost.com | Twitter: IvisonJ
SALT LAKE CITY -- One day after Latter-day Saint Church leader Elder Dallin Oaks spoke on religious freedom and discrimination following the passage of California's Proposition 8, a federal judge in San Francisco has refused to dismiss a lawsuit to overturn it.
We spoke Wednesday to people on both sides of the issue.
In his speech, Elder Dallin H. Oaks said, "We must not be deterred or coerced into silence by the kinds of intimidation I have described."
Elder Oaks was referring to reaction following the passage of California's Proposition 8. LDS meetinghouses were vandalized, LDS businesses were boycotted, and some church members lost their jobs, he says, because of the faith's support of Prop 8.
Will Carlson of Equality Utah says what Elder Oaks is talking about are two distinct kinds of discrimination. Latter-day Saints have recourse under existing laws he says; gays and lesbians do not.
"Unfortunately gay and transgender people can legally be evicted from their homes or fired from their jobs and have no recourse. And, so, there is a real difference in the discrimination that one group may be facing, which is wrong and illegal, and another group that's facing, that's wrong and completely legal," Carlson said.
Californians who were proponents of Prop. 8 had support from many LDS members in Utah. Prop 8 proponent Keith Kuder says he understands Elder Oaks' comments about discrimination.
"Right now, I feel I'm taking a backseat in society because of my religion. That isn't fair. That isn't fair for what country I'm in. That isn't fair for the constitution that we have," he said.
Wednesday, a federal judge in San Francisco said there are significant questions about whether Prop 8 discriminates against gays and lesbians in violation of the U.S. Constitution. Will Carlson agrees.
"The question is, does this fundamental right that exists for Americans, apply to all Americans?" he said.
The U.S District Chief Judge Vaughn Walker in San Francisco told attorneys that Prop 8 sponsors will need to show that allowing gay couples to wed threatens traditional male-female unions.
E-mail: cmikita@ksl.com
×
Related Stories
*Production time for custom championship belts 1.0 is 5-6 business days after approval of design
Build your own fully custom championship belt! Simply send us your images/design for each plate and we'll engrave it onto a championship belt for you! You can create a championship belt for any sport, theme, competition... anything!
Ordering your custom championship belt is as easy as 1-2-3!
Attach images (if you want text on side/end plates type it into the "Other design requests" box Fill in Text for top and bottom banner Submit Order!
After you submit an order we'll send over an edited proof with the images you provided. If there's anything you want to change no problem! We give UNLIMITED revisions for free. Once we get your approval it'll take just a few business days to complete your custom championship belt. That's right, our price includes everything needed: proofs, revisions, materials, production, and delivery! If you end up not liking any of the proofs and revisions you can cancel anytime before production.
By default the main plate will include our top and bottom banners like in the samples pictured unless you send your own full design.
Specs:
55" Length will fit around your waist or shoulder. Fits anywhere from 30" all the way up to 50" waist.
Main plate is 11" x 9".
Side plates are 4" x 4"
End plates are 3.5" x 3.5"
Strap made of synthetic leather. Looks and feels like the real thing!
We've done FIFA, Undertaker, March Madness, Madden, Street Fighter, NBA Jam, NFL Blitz, Mario Kart, Super Smash Bros, Fortnite, wrestling, basketball, bowling, soccer beer pong, ping pong, flag football, sales, golf, employee of the month, Incredible Hulk, Wolverine, and even guacamole championship belts!
For more pictures of our custom belts check us out on Instagram: @UndisputedBelts
Free Shipping Lower 48 States. Shipping calculated at checkout everywhere else. Yes we ship worldwide!
If you have any questions you can email us at: support@UndisputedBelts.com
Best Answer: Firstly: forgive me for not giving many sources but I haven't the time. The details should be verifiable.
Here goes: The BoE, like many big banks, is in fact a private corporation.
If you read the BoE Act of 1946, which ostensibly nationalised the bank, you'll see that share ownership still remained with whoever held shares in it previously, now with a government guarantee, neat. Yes, the government makes board appointments, but the process is not transparent and easily lobbied.
The reason the bank is so closely tied to the government (more explicitely, HM Treasury) shows how tightly interwoven parliament, The Crown and the BoE are. This has historical reasons, the BoE is the oldest institution of its kind and The Crown has had close relations to it and other corporations (British East India Company et al.) for hundreds of years. Empire as extension of corporate activity.
The Federal Reserve Bank in the US is a private corporation, as well. Since it is historically quite young, though, it is easier to verify its status visa-vis the government, check the Federal Reserve Act of 1913. The Federal Reserve is owned by a number of large banks and private interests through shareholdings.
Woodrow Wilson regretted his role in creating the Federal Reserve and its long-term consequences for the American people.
In essence: The Federal Reserve and its precursor, the BoE are privately owned, for-profit institutions. The missing 75% of your calculation are filling the establishment's pockets. Whose in particular? That's harder to figure in the UK, when you find out, let me know.
However, even the 25% going into HM treasury are not necessarily going towards revenue spent for public purposes. They are "the cut" The Crown gets for letting the BoE operate. A convenient arrangement.
So much for the profits. How does the BoE create these profits, though? Mostly by the monopoly of lending money to the government and charging interest. That interest is paid back, amongst others, by the taxes that you pay. As you can see, you are not necessarily benefitting from the process. It might be worth while finding out to see how the 25% cut is spent.
I am not sure if you are aware that governments, specifically their treasuries, can theoretically issue (and have practically issued) their own currency - and therefore wouldn't need to incur interest and, as a consequence, public debt. The process of creating money is the same for government as it is for the banks, by fiat ("out of thin air").
The "innovation" that was the BoE, was to be made MONOPOLY lender to the government, and in the process set a bad example for other countries to follow.
The BoE, the Parliament and The Crown are all located in the central part of London referred to as "The City of London". The City of London is itself a private corporation (issuing annual reports). It would be interesting to see how the BoE and The Crown interlink with that entity and the legal implications thereof.
Source(s): The various acts and charters of the BoE are worth studying:
http://www.bankofengland.co.uk/publications/foi/index.htm
A couple of very interesting charts showing the network of various individuals and companies associated with the Federal Reserve and the BoE (concentrates on the Federal Reserve but would probably show a similar pattern for the BoE):
http://www.oneradionetwork.com/money%10finance_-_articles/the_economy_-_articles/who_owns_the_federal_reserve_banks?_20080921478/
Doesn't explicitly show ownership but enlightens about influence.
Please google the rest
Anonymous · 1 decade ago
Canada can't quite shake off a key indicator of serious financial system stress.
In a new quarterly report from the Bank for International Settlements, Canada is among the few countries that triggers a warning about high levels of debt compared to longer-term averages. This sends up red flags about risks in the country's domestic banking systems.
BIS, a body made up of the world's central banks, puts a lot of stock in what it calls the "credit-to-GDP gap" as a signal of vulnerability. The gap is the difference between the credit-to-GDP ratio and its long-term trend in a particular country. The analysis looks beyond mere household debt figures to include other loans and fixed-income securities, and it is considered a harbinger of potential financial crises. China and Hong Kong are also noted to be at risk.
Story continues below advertisement
Frothy regional housing markets and high household debt levels have been nagging concerns for lenders and policymakers in many major Canadian markets for many years. At the federal level, successive Conservative and Liberal governments have made a number of moves that tighten up mortgage rules to discourage home buyers from chasing ever-more-expensive houses with too much debt. Provincial governments in British Columbia and Ontario also put in new measures to try to curb housing speculation by foreign buyers.
Overheated housing markets are a common cause of a big credit-to-GDP gap. Canada's gap now stands at 11.3 percentage points above the long-term average, down from 14.1 percentage points in the previous quarterly reading. While this drop is encouraging, any result of more than 10 percentage points is considered cause for concern.
"In most cases, these large gaps coincided with property price gaps above critical thresholds," the report states. Canada is among the countries that have drawn BIS attention for its soaring property prices in other reports.
But Toronto's hot real estate sector has showed signs of mellowing of late. And the Bank of Canada's recent rate increases, which have doubled the policy interest rate from 0.5 per cent to 1 per cent, are expected to further weaken house prices that have been sliding in the Greater Toronto Area for several months, even as Canadian home prices have edged up over all.
The central bank's recent Financial System Review, which outlines risks to the country's financial stability, found that the Canadian financial system was still resilient, helped along by a strengthening economy.
Those conditions are buoying other global markets, and the BIS has noted an increase in investor risk-taking spurred by reduced concerns about monetary policy constrictions as well as the prolonged low-interest rate environment.
"Share prices continued to climb towards new peaks, volatility plunged to new depths, and credit spreads tightened to levels not seen since the Great Financial Crisis," said Claudio Borio, head of the monetary and economic department at the BIS, adding that it seemed as if a "Goldilocks economy" had arrived in the recent quarter.
Odone thinks that people should be allowed to practice their religious beliefs, even if those beliefs include discrimination. (She notes the case of a couple in the United Kingdom who had to close their bed and breakfast because they wouldn't allow a gay couple to spend the night.) I keep waiting for someone like Odone to answer the question of whether one should be allowed to discriminate against, say, a black couple if one claims it is a matter of faith. But no luck.
Odone really should have stuck to ranting about political correctness gone awry, of which she has a couple of reasonable examples, but it soon becomes clear that her feelings are slightly creepier. She says, of a "new" secularism:
As in Europe, it elevates gay rights, women's rights, and pro-choice principles to unassailable values.
This at least makes clear that Odone does not believe women's rights or gay rights are unassailable values, which makes you wonder why a liberal magazine offered her a cover story (no, this is not a question of free speech). Odone then moves to a cheesier style, writing, "Believers should present themselves as ordinary people, men and women who worry about the price of the weekly shop and the size of the monthly mortgage." She then adds that they should "not appear to be "rabid pro-lifers." Excuse me, but what if someone does have a firm belief that abortion is wrong and should be illegal? Shouldn't he or she honestly express it? Odone here is more condescending than she perhaps intends, and oddly similar to the stereotype of western intolerance that she is scolding. Who is urging censorship of belief?
Eventually Odone's screed just becomes dreary. She writes: "Hippies, rock stars, comedians, university students and their professors, draft evaders and military deserters took up arms against the old order." We have heard this story before.
Odone ends by saying that liberals and atheists overreacted to the Salman Rushdie affair, and that not all religious people are intolerant and violent. The second half of this sentence is true, which only made me wonder more why Odone, earlier in the essay, was so intent on defending people who were intolerant. She should make up her mind. In the meantime, she should pause to ask whether there is really something so illiberal about having no tolerance for intolerance.
AD
The night bullets hit the White House
— and the Secret Service didn't know Scroll to continue
On Nov. 11, 2011, a man was able to park his car on a street near the White House, fire a semiautomatic rifle multiple times and inflict damage on the president's home, and then flee the scene. This reconstruction of the events of that night shows the confusion and lapses in security — never previously reported — amid an attack that the Secret Service failed to properly identify and investigate.
“If not for a fastidious housekeeper and a lucky break, we may never have known that a shooter fired into the first family's residence.” Carol D. Leonnig Reporter, The Washington Post
Friday, Nov. 11, 8:30 p.m. Before the shots Shortly before 9 p.m., President Obama was on the other side of the country to witness a moment in sports history: a college basketball game being played aboard the flight deck of the USS Carl Vinson warship in Coronado Bay off San Diego. While the North Carolina and Michigan State teams warmed up and entertained sailors, Obama was getting ready to be interviewed by ESPN. Back in Washington, daughter Sasha was at the White House, along with Michelle Obama's mother, Marian Robinson. Daughter Malia was expected home soon. And outside, about 700 yards to the south, Oscar Ortega was pulling his Honda Accord over to the side of a nearby street. Getty Images
“At 8:50 p.m., with the president's daughter and his mother-in-law inside the house, shots rang out on the South Lawn.”
Friday, Nov. 11, 8:50 p.m. A burst of bullets Pointing his semiautomatic rifle out of the passenger-side window of his Honda Accord, Ortega sent bullets flying across the South Lawn. At least seven bullets struck the upstairs residence of the White House, smashing a window just steps from the first family's formal living room. The White House Shooter location 650 yards Google Earth
8:50 P.M. onward ‘Stand down' Secret Service agents initially rushed to respond, drawing weapons and scanning for an attack. Moments later, a supervising sergeant said there had been no shots, ordering officers to “stand down.” The command surprised officers who had heard the shots, but many who had begun to respond to a possible attack returned to their posts. Roll over each dot to learn the role
each officer played in the incident. Ellipse security post Southeast post Joint Operations Center (JOC) North fence line White House roof South Portico Inside, in the Obama living quarters Shooter location
Secret Service officer reports gunshots to 911
Approximately 8:54 P.M. ‘No one's here' Ortega sped down Constitution Avenue toward the Potomac River, swerved and crashed his car near the on-ramp to the Roosevelt Bridge. Three women walking nearby heard the crash, and one called 911 on a cellphone. The Honda was spun around, facing oncoming traffic. The driver's-side door was flung open, but Ortega had run away. “No one's here,” a woman told a police dispatcher. Women hear crash Location of car Google Earth
Three women report Ortega's crash Reuters
Approximately 8:58 p.m. to 9 p.m. Weapon found The U.S. Park Police and Secret Service, having determined that shots had been fired near the White House, arrived on the scene. Officers found a Romanian-made Cugir semiautomatic rifle in the abandoned car, with nine shell casings on the seat and floor. Reuters
Tuesday, Nov. 15 Broken glass With the first lady's return that morning, the household staff was busy in the residence. A housekeeper alerted Reginald Dickson, an assistant White House usher, to come to the Truman Balcony, where she had found a broken window and a chunk of white concrete on the floor. Dickson saw a bullet hole and noticed a dent in a window sill that turned out to be a bullet lodged in the wood. Getty Images
Wednesday, Nov. 16, 7:45 A.M. Crime scene FBI agents, who had met the previous evening to plan for taking over the case, arrived at the White House to secure the crime scene. They interviewed some of the Secret Service officers who were at the White House during the shooting and scoured the Truman Balcony and nearby grounds for casings, bullet fragments and other evidence. AP
Wednesday, Nov. 16 Searching for evidence Investigators pulled a bullet from a window frame and recovered metal fragments from a center window ledge between broken exterior antique glass and interior bulletproof glass. AP
Wednesday, Nov. 16 The investigation Police took photographs and looked for casings, shells and bullet fragments. As they searched for evidence, the police created detailed maps of the White House with the location of each element they found. South face Google Earth
Wednesday, Nov. 16 Records of evidence Police recorded the different elements found during the inspection on diagrams of the White House. This sheet shows the Truman Balcony. The following slides show the evidence that was collected and how it was documented.
Balcony POINT OF IMPACT Investigators found seven instances of bullets striking the exterior of the White House. This impact was on the balcony column. Each red dot represents a point of impact; blue dots represent fragments and bullets that were found.
Garden BULLETS OR FRAGMENTS FOUND Investigators found several pieces of bullets around the property, represented by blue dots. 1. Bullet 2. Fragment 3. Metal bullet removed from window frame 4. Numerous metal fragments 5. Fragment
South face POINTS OF IMPACT Bullets that struck the facade are marked in red, numbered 2 through 7.
BULLETS OR FRAGMENTS FOUND 1. Bullet 2. Fragment 3. Metal bullet removed from window frame 4. Numerous metal fragments 5. Fragment, found in a garden area.
South face FBI investigators found most of the bullets struck the second and third floors of the White House, the family's residence
View from Constitution Avenue The shooter was at least 650 yards from the White House. He was positioned on Constitution Avenue slightly west of the entrance to the Ellipse that is shown here.
Aftermath of the shooting Secret Service investigators were initially doubtful that a rifle shot from this distance could reach the White House. Also, the Secret Service lacked camera surveillance around the perimeter of the White House at the time of the shooting, which could have help investigators more quickly determine what Ortega was doing. Google Earth
So far this year, at least 25 transgender people have been murdered across the country, two in Missouri, one of which was in St. Louis.
On Monday, supporters in the St. Louis area will pay tribute to those victims as part of a national effort, the Transgender Day of Remembrance. The annual event is held every Nov. 20.
Setting aside a day to remember brings these lives, and deaths, out of obscurity, said Steph Perkins, executive director of PROMO, an LGBTQ advocacy group.
“Sometimes we don't even know that these murders happen, unless we talk about them openly,” Perkins said.
Safety concerns pile up
An advocacy website called .Mic has kept track of transgender deaths since 2010, when nine transgender people were killed by violence. That number has grown nearly every year since.
Statistics show young, black transgender women face the greatest danger. One in every 2,600 young, black transgender women is murdered every year. That compares to an overall murder rate of one in 12,000 young adults.
St. Louis police shot and killed Kiwi Herring, a 30-year-old black transgender woman, on Aug. 22.
Ally Steinfeld, 17, who was white, was stabbed to death in southwest Missouri's Texas County in early September. Three people are charged with murder in her death.
Perkins said safety concerns add an extra layer of stress to an already vulnerable population.
“It's already a difficult thing to figure out who you are as a person,” Perkins said.
An early remembrance event will take place at 4 p.m. Sunday at the Ethical Society in Ladue.
Several other events are scheduled for Monday. They include a 6 p.m. gathering at the Metro Trans Umbrella Group's Transgender Memorial Garden in south St. Louis, co-sponsored by the Queer and Trans People of Color organization. The St. Charles Pride group will sponsor a 7 p.m. event at the Courtyard Marriott hotel in St. Peters.
Perkins said the addition of gatherings outside the city of St. Louis is a step forward.
“Trans people exist in every single county in our state,” Perkins said. “And it's important that, no matter where you live, you need to learn more about trans people, meet trans people and advocate for rights and protections.”
The Day of Remembrance follows a week dedicated to Transgender Awareness, an opportunity for everyone to learn more about this population.
“To make sure people understand what it means to be transgender and to help people be better allies,” Perkins said. “And really just calling out transphobia when they hear it, in their workplaces and within their families.”
Follow Nancy Fowler on Twitter: @NancyFowlerSTL
(CNN) The leader of U.S. military efforts to fight ISIS in Iraq says the terror group came within 25 kilometers (15.5 miles) of the Baghdad airport.
Offering what appeared to be previously unreported details, Gen. Martin Dempsey told ABC's "This Week" that the United States had to risk bringing in low-flying attack helicopters to keep ISIS at bay.
"The tool that was immediately available was the Apache [helicopter]. The risk of operating in a hostile environment is there constantly," the chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff said.
"You're not going to wait until they're climbing over the wall," Dempsey said. "Had [ISIS forces] overrun the Iraqi unit, it was a straight shot to the Baghdad airport. So, we're not going to let that happen."
CNN's Barbara Starr reported October 7 the United States had used the Apache helicopters to push back ISIS forces advancing near Falluja. The aircraft can carry out precise airstrikes but do so at a lower altitude, risking a possible strike by surface-to-air missiles ISIS is known to possess.
At the time, Starr reported the United States did not predict ISIS making a direct run for Baghdad. However, there had been general concern that ISIS elements are in the city and around the airport and have been in mortar range for months.
Dempsey's comments Sunday clarified for the first time that the Apache was used to protect the Baghdad airport from such an overt threat.
The comments came in a wide-ranging interview with ABC"s Martha Raddatz about U.S. efforts to destroy ISIS. Dempsey minced few words about the potential scope of U.S. and coalition involvement and the difficulty of targeting ISIS because of their adaptability.
Dempsey created messaging headaches for the Obama administration weeks ago testifying before Congress that if he thought ground troops might be needed at some point, he would recommend it to the White House.
President Barack Obama has repeatedly insisted he will not put U.S. forces on the ground and will instead work to advise and train coalition and Iraqi forces to fight ISIS.
In Sunday's interview, Dempsey conceded that having U.S. troops on the ground, in theory, would help Iraqi forces spot ISIS targets. But he still insisted the U.S. is not at that point.
"Yeah, there will be circumstances when the answer to that question will likely be yes. But I haven't encountered one right now," Dempsey said.
"I'd actually use the example of you know Mosul will likely be the decisive battle in the ground campaign at some point in the future," Dempsey said. "When they are ready to go back on the offensive, my instinct at this point is that that will require a different kind of advising and assisting because of the complexity of that fight."
Meanwhile, coalition partners continue to look to the United States for more military might. Obama has long resisted calls for a no-fly zone over Syria. However, Turkish leaders have repeatedly pressed for one.
"We want to have a no-fly zone. We want to have a safe haven on our border," Turkish Prime Minister Ahmet Davutoglu told CNN's Christiane Amanpour in an interview that aired October 6 . "Otherwise, all these burdens will continue to go on the shoulder of Turkey and other neighboring countries."
Dempsey said that while a no-fly zone is not in the works at this point, it can't be ruled out.
Coalition airstrikes continued over the weekend in Syria and Iraq. By some assessments, ISIS appeared poised for a victory in the disputed city of Kobani along the Turkish-Syrian border.
World leaders have repeatedly warned that should ISIS take the city, residents there could be massacred.
"Whether there are still 5,000 people there or not is, is a matter of conjecture," Dempsey said. "But I have no doubt that ISIL will conduct the same kind of horrific atrocities if they have the opportunity to do so."
Rep. Jim Himes (D-Conn.) slammed radio host Alex Jones on Tuesday night after Jones made headlines for confronting CNN anchor Piers Morgan over gun rights.
Like many if his ilk, Alex Jones can't stop the barrage of name calling, nonsense and non sequitur or a fact or question might get through. — Jim Himes (@jahimes) January 9, 2013
ADVERTISEMENT
The pro-gun Jones launched a White House petition to deport Morgan over his on-air gun-control advocacy, and loudly confronted the CNN host on his show Monday night in a segment that went viral. "1776 will commence again if you try to take our firearms,” Jones told Morgan on the show.
Himes, in his tweet, grouped Jones with an "ilk" of no particular description. Jones is a Texan, pro-gun, and a syndicated radio host and filmmaker. He affiliates himself with the Sept. 11 "Truther" conspiracy movement that claims the U.S. government knowingly allowed the terrorist attacks, and although he is typically described as a conservative, he calls himself "an aggressive Constitutionalist" with no political party.
Glenn Beck, another syndicated radio host often similarly labeled, blasted Jones on his radio show Tuesday for making "a fool out of himself" on CNN and "giving the left the perfect poster boy for their attempts to paint every logical conservative as an extremist nut job."
Morgan seems to agree, tweeting on Wednesday that Jones should "keep ranting."
"[T]he more we hear from you, the better chance proper U.S. gun control legislation will be passed," he wrote.
The White House intends to respond to the deportation petition against Morgan because it has gained more than 100,000 signatures, well over the 25,000 thresholds required to prompt an official response.
"It is worth remembering that the freedom of expression is a bedrock principle in our democracy," White House press secretary Jay Carney said in a statement about the petition on Tuesday.
US secretary of transportation Anthony Foxx unveiled a six-month initiative to prepare for an era of self-driving cars, at a press conference at the Detroit auto show today (Jan. 14). He also announced a new $3.9 billion initiative from the Obama administration's 2016 budget to encourage self-driving car programs over the next decade.
Representatives from Google, GM, Fiat Chrysler, Ford, Tesla, Volvo and Delphi—a company making self-driving technology for many automakers—were with Foxx at the conference.
Foxx said that US transportation infrastructure cannot keep up with future population growth, and forecast that 75% of the country will live in one of 11 “megacities” by 2045. “If the government doesn't change its ways, drivers in the future won't be moving on our highways, they will be crawling,” he said.
Google has been working on self-driving car technology for years, and its panda-shaped cars are being tested on the streets of Austin and the Bay Area, having already racked up over 1.5 million miles of driving experience. Most major US car manufacturers are also scrambling to acquire AI talent and technology to create their own self-driving cars; Ford CEO Mark Fields said he believes the first consumer self-driving cars will be on the streets within the next four years.
“We are bullish on automated vehicles,” Foxx said at the conference, commenting on the relatively short window of time that the Department of Transportation (DOT) has given itself.
Over the next six months, the DOT will develop a national policy with automakers on how to deal with self-driving cars. According to a release, this policy should establish ”a common understanding of the performance characteristics necessary for fully autonomous vehicles and the testing and analysis methods needed to assess them.” More broadly, the DOT initiative seeks to find a safe way to put self-driving consumer-owned cars on US streets.
In his Jan. 12 State of the Union address, president Barack Obama promised to ”put tens of thousands of Americans to work building a 21st-century transportation system,” Slate's Will Oremus observed. Setting up a network for self-driving cars might be just what the president means.
Obama's 2016 budget will be officially announced Feb. 9. While details are thin on how exactly the government plans to allocate $3.9 billion over the next ten years, or what exactly the DOT will be doing in the next six months, the government is clearly trying to get ahead of private-sector research.
Foxx recently requested that the US Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) set up a task force to get Americans to register their drones—which it did in just a few months. But the government has yet to work out a framework for integrating drones—especially autonomous delivery drones that Amazon wants to fly—into national airspace, and the government would certainly want a regulatory framework in place for autonomous consumer cars, given how integral cars are to the US economy.
Foxx is now encouraging automakers to come to his office with requests to discuss existing rules. The DOT and National Highway Traffic Safety Administration also announced that they will work with automakers to update the policies they first put in place around autonomous vehicles in 2013.
Here's a little trick I learned today. Think of a table with rows. Do you think that it's possible to only apply styles to first, let's say 3, rows using CSS3 selector? Well, it turns out it is possible with well known :nth-child() pseudo class selector. Let's look at it's basic usage first.
Besides accepting odd or even as an argument value :nth-child() accepts algebraic expression in format: an+b and executes it in iteration by incrementing n starting with n = 0 until it reaches the end of the elements tree or until the resulting value is zero or negative.
So, assuming following markup:
< ul > < li class = "item" > f </ li > < li class = "item" > o </ li > < li class = "item" > o </ li > < li class = "item" > b </ li > < li class = "item" > a </ li > < li class = "item" > r </ li > </ ul >
.item:nth-child(2n+1) will do something like:
2 * 0 + 1 equals 1 and so first element will be selected 2 * 1 + 1 equals 3 and so third elements will be selected 2 * 2 + 1 equals 5 and so fifth elements will be selected 2 * 3 + 1 equals 7 and so selector will stop iterating as seventh element doesn't exist (note that elements index start with 1 and not with 0 )
#Now the real stuff
In the end of spec, there is this note:
The value a can be negative, but only the positive values of an+b, for n≥0, may represent an element in the document tree.
What this means is that if we pass -1n+3 or shorter -n+3 following iteration will happen:
-1 * 0 + 3 equals 3 and so third elements will be selected -1 * 1 + 3 equals 2 and so second elements will be selected -1 * 2 + 3 equals 1 and so first element will be selected -1 * 3 + 3 equals 0 and so selector will stop as there is no element with index 0
..which results in selecting first 3 elements! Done.
By Jennifer Carpenter
Science reporter, BBC News
Microbial biofilms form in rocky pools, fed by hot springs containing arsenic In the warm, bubbling pools of Mono Lake in California, scientists have isolated a bacterium that fuels itself on arsenic. Combining light and arsenic, these bacteria make their food and multiply using a chemical that is toxic to most other life forms. The researchers think using arsenic as an energy source was a process used by ancient bacteria. Their findings are reported in the journal Science. Ronald Oremland of the US Geological Survey explained that these bacteria are photosynthetic, using sunlight - like plants - to turn carbon dioxide into food. What is different about them is that instead of using water in this process, they use arsenic. The US-based researchers isolated the bacterium from the lake, which lies at the foot of the Sierra Nevada. Colour film "These lakes are fed by hydrothermal waters that leach out arsenic-containing minerals from the surrounding rocks," Dr Oremland told BBC News. The researchers noticed that the bacteria had colonised small, hot pools, forming colourful "biofilms". Bacteria living in Mono Lake, California can survive the high levels of arsenic "We suspected that these bacteria were using arsenic to make a living, so we scraped the biofilms off the rock and studied them under laboratory conditions." By first withholding light, then arsenic, the team showed that the bacteria required both to grow. This is the first time an organism has been found that can use arsenic to photosynthesise under anaerobic conditions, Dr Oremland believes. He suspects that this is an ancient ability in bacteria. "We think that bacteria were photosynthesising before oxygen was present in the atmosphere," he said. Primordial niche Understanding how arsenic is metabolised by bacteria could help scientists comprehend its damaging effects inside human cells. Worldwide, 144 million people are exposed to toxic levels of arsenic in their drinking water. It enters the body's cells by diffusion; and once inside, it disrupts how they function by binding to their machinery, inactivating it, and disrupting the way energy is transported. Long-term exposure can lead to skin disease and kidney and bladder cancer, and it is thought to stunt the intellectual development of children. The most arsenic-contaminated regions are in India, Pakistan, and China, where soluble arsenic in ground waters is above the World Health Organization's (WHO) suggested maximum safe level of 10 parts per billion.
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with: Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon What are these?
How the government makes healthcare more expensive by cutting costs
Increasing healthcare costs are one of the most important issues facing the United States today. Although the rate of increase has slowed down over the past few years, the amount of money spent on healthcare in the US has risen at an alarming rate over the past decade. It's not only an issue for private insurers as the impact of Medicare and Medicaid spending also threatens to balloon the federal budget. Incredibly, cost savings measures instituted by the government have, and will, lead to further increases in healthcare costs. How will this happen? Lets focus on the treatment of cancer for a moment; the cause and effect should be clear.
When a cancer patient requires treatment such as chemotherapy, they are typically treated in one of two settings: (1) a community-based oncology clinic or (2) a hospital-affiliated clinic. Community-based clinics are private clinics owned by the doctors who practice there and can vary in size from only a few physicians to 50 or more. These clinics are run like small businesses with physicians paying themselves a salary and the clinic taking either a profit or loss at the end of the year. Hospital-affiliated clinics look very similar to community clinics from the outside, but differ in that the hospital system handles all of the accounting and the physicians who work there are typically paid a salary.
Another, very important difference between the two settings is that treating a cancer patient in a hospital-affiliated clinic is typically much more expensive than treating a patient in a community clinic. Data gathered by Avalere shows that, on average, the cost of treating a cancer patient is 20% to 55% more in a hospital-based setting (table 3 in this report).
Now, if you wanted to reduce the cost of healthcare, it would seem prudent to encourage cancer patients to receive their care at community-based clinics. If you're saving roughly a third per patient on average, it adds up to a significant amount of money. The reality is that the government has instituted two different programs that are pushing patients away from community-based clinics towards hospital-affiliated clinics. And incredibly, both of these programs were instituted to reduce healthcare costs.
The first government program was an attempt to reduce the amount spent on the drugs used to treat cancer. Typically, oncologists are reimbursed through “buy-and-bill.” Physicians purchase a cancer drug using their own money and once they have used it to treat a patient, they bill the patient's insurance company. Insurers, both public and private, typically pay physicians more than what the drug actually costs in order to cover some of the overhead associated with treating a patient. This extra money is typically referred to as the “spread.” In the past, the spread was quite generous; if a doctor bought a drug for $10,000, they might get an additional 10 or 20% ($11,000 or $12,000 back from the insurer). As healthcare costs continued to rise, Medicare and Medicaid decided to reduce their reimbursement levels so as to provide as little as an additional 4.2% in spread and there is talk of lowering it further. These changes have drastically reduced the revenue that community clinics take in and in many cases has forced doctors to sell or close their community-based practices. A recent report has shown that in 2012 there was a 20% increase in both oncology clinics closing or merging with existing hospital systems. Between 2005 and 2011, the percentage of cancer patients treated in the hospital setting increased by 150% (from 13.5% to 33%). As the number of community-based clinics decreases, more patients get treated in the more expensive hospital-affiliated clinics.
The other factor driving patients to hospital-affiliated clinics is the 340b program. Initially designed to assist hospitals who treat patients with little or no health insurance, the program allows certified hospitals to purchase out-patient drugs (such as cancer therapies) at a 23.1% discount (same discount Medicaid gets). This certainly helps those hospitals who treat underinsured and uninsured patients, but the program has a catch: 340b hospitals can purchase all of their out-patient drugs through this program, whether they are used for uninsured or insured patients. In addition, hospitals don't have to pass along the savings to the insurer, they are allowed to pocket the difference. It isn't unusual for oncology therapies to cost more than $100K/yr per patient, so that 23.1% discount becomes a lot of money, all of which goes to the bottom line of the hospitals. To give you an example, the Duke University Hospital system effectively doubled their profit margin on drugs to 53% for a gross profit of $70M. This has created a huge incentive for hospitals to both become 340b certified and for them to attract oncology patients to their clinics.
The situation we now have is that cancer patients are being pushed out of the less expensive community-based setting as oncologists struggle to stay profitable and pulled into the more expensive hospital-affiliated clinics as hospitals seek to capture as much 340b business as possible. Not exactly a great way to save money now is it?
Controlling healthcare spending will be a priority for the US in the coming decade. In order for that to happen, we need a coordinated effort by the government and private insurers to find a way to incentivize not only quality care but also cost-efficient care. Without an understanding of the economic pressures and incentives offered by the current system, this may prove a very difficult task.
Advertisements
The state's tourism department will soon boast of a massive marine theme park similar to the ones in Florida, Texas and California in the US. The state government has granted permission for the creation of a Sea World Park in the Konkan region. Built over 150 acres of land, the over Rs500-crore theme park will be the first of its kind in Asia.
The project is expected to be completed in three years and will attract over a million tourists every year. According to plan, the park will have glass-enclosed underwater viewing tunnels to closely experience sea life and see over 3,000 marine animals. Visitors can also feed animals like seals while children can enjoy dolphins having a ball. The park will also act a school for sensitising people about animal life with lessons on rescuing animals and environmental conservation.
The Maharashtra Tourism Development Corporation (MTDC) will soon initiate a process to acquire land for the project. “Once completed, it will be a major tourist attraction in the state,” said Sanjay Dhekane, senior manager, MTDC.
Officials said the project was approved by the state government during the recently concluded assembly session and that the feasibility study for the theme park has already been completed. Some part of the land needs to be acquired and the process for it will be initiated soon.
The exact location where the park will come up in Konkan was not revealed. But officials said Konkan was selected because it is blessed with nature - pristine beaches, coral reefs, dolphins and an abundance of endangered underwater animals - similar to the Pacific Ocean. “It is ideal for marine tourism,” officials said.
The MTDC said the Konkan project will come up near the sea and will have other recreational facilities too. Since it is a capital intensive project, MTDC officials are mulling about opting for the public-private partnership model.
There are three similar parks in the US which are popular with families. They attract millions of visitors every year. A similar project was planned in Dubai, but was shelved after the economic downturn a couple of years ago.
Just look for the robot pig singing country music and you'll find Porky's, the traveling carnival-grub vendor currently in Miami at the Dade County Fair & Expo. The Indiana company's claim to fame is its ice-cream-sundae style concoction of pulled pork, mashed potatoes, and barbecue sauce served in a big see-through cup and called the Pork Parfait.
The gypsy woman at the cash register's story (besides getting picked up in Bullhead City, Arizona 15 years ago) is, "The boss just set there and wondered what he could do, and this is what he came up with. People love it. The first time we did it was in Indiana. The food critic for the newspaper gave it five stars and we got bombarded. We actually ran out of pulled pork that day. And we have been doing it all over the country ever since."
It's a smart product for the fair because it's easy to eat while walking. The strong visual works to its advantage as well. Ironically, the food industry often uses mashed potatoes as a photographic substitute for ice cream because it doesn't melt. In this case, form and function work cup and spork for a truly original piece of county fair food history.
A photograph has emerged of two men lying on the ground after having been shot by the police during the terrorist attacks in London.
The image, taken by a documentary photographer, shows the men on a road near Borough Market — one of whom appears to have canisters taped to his body.
Police later confirmed armed officers had killed three suspects in the area. They said the canisters appeared to be designed to look like suicide bombs, but did not contain a viable explosive.
We'll tell you what's true. You can form your own view. From 15p €0.18 $0.18 $0.27 a day, more exclusives, analysis and extras.
Six people were killed and 48 injured after a van drove into pedestrians on London Bridge and the attackers stabbed passers-by in Borough Market just after 10pm on Saturday.
Gabriele Sciotto, who took the photograph, has told The Independent he witnessed three men trying to attack people in the crowds, before officers shot them and they fell to the ground.
“There were three men. Policemen were trying to pull the attackers off the crowd. He managed to pull them off. Then I saw them being shot,” said Mr Sciotto.
“I couldn't tell who was dead or who was alive. I'm glad I'm alive.”
Amid a flurry of conflicting reports, witnesses spoke of up to half a dozen people being hit by the vehicle and seeing victims bleeding and receiving CPR on the street.
One eyewitness, named only as Gerrard, told the BBC he saw a man with stab wounds on the floor, before then witnessing three men repeatedly stabbing a girl at Borough Market.
“I was walking up to London Bridge, going past the Natwest Bank, and next thing, I saw a geezer on the floor going ‘I've been stabbed'. He's got blood all down him. His mate comes past saying some stabbed his mate.
“Next thing, I saw three Muslim guys with knives, they started stabbing this girl. There were three of them. I was defenceless, I could do nothing. They attacked her. […]. She was shouting ‘Help me'.
“They stabbed her I don't know how many times. Ten times, maybe 15 times. I tried to throw bottles at them. I tried to throw a bike at them. But I couldn't do anything.”
Alex Shelham, who was in the Mudlark pub situated just off London Bridge with his girlfriend and friends, said they saw a woman who entered the venue “bleeding heavily from the neck”.
“A woman, probably in her early twenties, staggered into the pub and she was bleeding heavily from the neck and from her mouth,” Mr Shelham told BBC News.
“It appeared to myself and to my friends that her throat had been cut. People went to her aid. The pub was then closed.
“We saw police on the roads nearby. As we were told to leave the area by armed police, and started running from there, to my left was a further individual having CPR performed on them by the emergency services.”
Another eye witness, Georgia Grantham, a software consultant, was leaving the theatre on Southwark Street near Borough Market around 10:30pm, and said she and her parents were initially held inside the theatre and then hustled out.
She said she saw a man lying on the floor with his shirt off and “lots of police were near him”.
“It was obviously an emergency scene. There were loads of sirens and flashing lights and a lot of confusion. Everyone was very panicked,” she said.
Holly Jones, a BBC reporter who was on the bridge at the time, described seeing the white transit van hitting people walking nearby.
Shape Created with Sketch. London Bridge Terror Attack Show all 16 left Created with Sketch. right Created with Sketch. Shape Created with Sketch. London Bridge Terror Attack 1/16 Armed police on Borough High Street as police are dealing with a "major incident" at London Bridge PA 2/16 Armed Police talk to members of the public outside London Bridge Hospital as police are dealing with a "major incident" at London Bridge PA 3/16 Police Officers outside the Barrowboy and Banker Public House on Borough High Street as police are dealing with a "major incident" at London Bridge PA 4/16 Armed Police talk to members of the public outside London Bridge Hospital as police are dealing with a "major incident" at London Bridge PA 5/16 Armed police on Borough High Street as police deal with a 'major incident' at London Bridge PA 6/16 Emergency services near the scene of the incident Screengrab 7/16 People run down Borough High Street as police are dealing with a "major incident" at London Bridge Reuters 8/16 Emergency services arrive at the scene near Borough market at London Bridge Carl Court/Getty Images 9/16 Emergency personnel on London Bridge as police are dealing with a "major incident" at London Bridge PA 10/16 Police sniffer dogs on London Bridge as police are dealing with a "major incident" at London Bridge PA 11/16 A second helicopter lands on London Bridge as police are responding to three incidents in the capital, amid reports that a vehicle collided with pedestrians on London Bridge, Scotland Yard said. Officers are dealing with reports of stabbings in Borough Market, where armed officers attended and shots were fired. They are also at an incident in the Vauxhall area PA 12/16 Police attend to an incident on London Bridge in London REUTERS 13/16 Police attend to an incident on London Bridge in London, Britain Reuters 14/16 A police officer escorts members of the public to safety at London Bridge Getty Images 15/16 Police attend to an incident on London Bridge in London, Britain REUTERS 16/16 Police attend to an incident near London Bridge in London, Britain Reuters 1/16 Armed police on Borough High Street as police are dealing with a "major incident" at London Bridge PA 2/16 Armed Police talk to members of the public outside London Bridge Hospital as police are dealing with a "major incident" at London Bridge PA 3/16 Police Officers outside the Barrowboy and Banker Public House on Borough High Street as police are dealing with a "major incident" at London Bridge PA 4/16 Armed Police talk to members of the public outside London Bridge Hospital as police are dealing with a "major incident" at London Bridge PA 5/16 Armed police on Borough High Street as police deal with a 'major incident' at London Bridge PA 6/16 Emergency services near the scene of the incident Screengrab 7/16 People run down Borough High Street as police are dealing with a "major incident" at London Bridge Reuters 8/16 Emergency services arrive at the scene near Borough market at London Bridge Carl Court/Getty Images 9/16 Emergency personnel on London Bridge as police are dealing with a "major incident" at London Bridge PA 10/16 Police sniffer dogs on London Bridge as police are dealing with a "major incident" at London Bridge PA 11/16 A second helicopter lands on London Bridge as police are responding to three incidents in the capital, amid reports that a vehicle collided with pedestrians on London Bridge, Scotland Yard said. Officers are dealing with reports of stabbings in Borough Market, where armed officers attended and shots were fired. They are also at an incident in the Vauxhall area PA 12/16 Police attend to an incident on London Bridge in London REUTERS 13/16 Police attend to an incident on London Bridge in London, Britain Reuters 14/16 A police officer escorts members of the public to safety at London Bridge Getty Images 15/16 Police attend to an incident on London Bridge in London, Britain REUTERS 16/16 Police attend to an incident near London Bridge in London, Britain Reuters
“He hit several pedestrians in front of me. Myself and two pedestrians jumped out of the way. One of the casualties on the floor was being treated by a paramedic. She says she doesn't know where her boyfriend is,” she said.
Ms Jones said she had seen “probably about six casualties” on the ground. She also said she had seen a man being arrested, but it was unclear what connection to the incident he had if any.
Another witness, Will Heaven, a journalist with the Spectator, told Sky News he had been travelling south on the bridge in an Uber when he saw two people on the floor. One of them was on the pavement, the second in the middle of the road.
“It was about 10.10pm, I was back of an Uber when suddenly I noticed somebody down on the pavement with a small crowd around them. It looked like someone hd collapsed,” he said.
“We drove a bit further and there as another person, this time in the road. Then the penny clicked that something serious had happened....The traffic came to a halt. We looked around and we could hear the sirens.”
We'll tell you what's true. You can form your own view.
At The Independent, no one tells us what to write. That's why, in an era of political lies and Brexit bias, more readers are turning to an independent source. Subscribe from just 15p a day for extra exclusives, events and ebooks – all with no ads.
Subscribe now
Image caption Three pedestrians and the van driver were taken to hospital following the crash
Four people, including a 15-year-old boy, have been injured after a van crashed into a bus stop in Clydebank.
The incident happened on Kilbowie Road, in the West Dunbartonshire town, at about 07:45.
The 52-year-old male van driver was taken to Glasgow's Queen Elizabeth University Hospital along with the teenager, a 42-year-old man and 48-year-old woman.
The driver has since been discharged but is the subject of a police inquiry.
Police have appealed for witness to the crash to come forward.
It resulted in the closure of the route between the A82 Great Western Road and Second Avenue. All four people injured remain in hospital, police said.
Image copyright Chris McLean
Insp Adam McKenzie of Police Scotland said: "It is quite clearly a serious incident from the word go when pedestrians are struck by vehicles.
"One person had been knocked completely over the small wall at the back of the bus stop.
"The driver was still partially trapped within the vehicle and debris from the bus stop was embedded in the vehicle as well."
He added: "At the moment we are conducting the forensic side of the inquiry - photographs, measurements and every piece of physical evidence that we can gather.
"The vehicle will be removed and will be subject to a full mechanical examination as well.
"It's a busy area and I would ask that if anyone in a vehicle or a pedestrian has witnessed it this morning, and has not already spoken to police, could they please come forward."
SELÇUK DEMIREL FOR THE BOSTON GLOBE
What is Vladimir Putin up to? The crisis in Ukraine, brought to a boil when Russia's president sent troops into the Crimean peninsula, has created almost a cottage industry of guessing at the autocratic leader's intentions from one day to the next.
When it comes to Putin's long-term strategy, however, there is at least one concrete plan that offers some insight, and one specific date that Russia observers are looking ahead to. That date, Jan. 1, 2015, is expected to mark the birth of an important new organization linking Russia with an as-yet-undetermined constellation of its neighboring countries—an alliance Putin has dubbed the Eurasian Union.
Currently, only two nations besides Russia, Belarus and Kazakstan, have signed on. A number of other post-Soviet states, including Armenia, Kyrgyzstan, and Tajikistan, have signaled interest in joining. It's expected to build on an existing regional trade pact to establish common policies on labor migration, investment, trade, and energy.
Advertisement
But from the moment Putin announced his plan, experts have believed he sees it as the linchpin of something much larger: a new geopolitical force capable of standing up to Russia's competitors on the world stage in a way it hasn't been able to since the fall of the Soviet Union. “We suggest a powerful supranational association capable of becoming one of the poles in the modern world,” wrote Putin in the 2011 op-ed in which he first described his vision.
Get Today in Opinion in your inbox: Globe Opinion's must-reads, delivered to you every Sunday-Friday. Sign Up Thank you for signing up! Sign up for more newsletters here
For all its ambition and the grandeur of its name, the Eurasian Union hasn't been discussed much in the West outside of foreign-policy circles; when asked about it recently, the State Department declined to comment. This does not mean US officials aren't worried about its implications. In December 2012, then-Secretary of State Hillary Rodham Clinton made a remark that, to date, seems to represent the American government's only public position on Putin's idea: “There is a move to re-Sovietise the region,” she said. And while of course the new entity wouldn't be called the USSR, she said, “Let's make no mistake about it. We know what the goal is and we are trying to figure out effective ways to slow down or prevent it.”
Related Links Graphic: The Eurasian Union
It's tempting to see it that way, not least because Putin famously once said the breakup of the Soviet Union was “the greatest geopolitical catastrophe of the century,” and has also reportedly promised that the Eurasian Union would be based on the “best values of the Soviet Union.” But to say the project is simply an effort to reassemble the USSR is crude and incorrect, say Russia analysts. Instead, Putin's efforts should be seen as a realization of an entirely different, and much less familiar idea called Eurasianism—a philosophy that has roots in the 1920s, and which grew out of Russia's longstanding identity crisis about whether or not it should strive to be a part of Europe.
In recent years, the philosophy has been embraced by a swath of activists and political actors in the post-Soviet region, including some radical right-wing thinkers whose version of Eurasianism is built on a bluntly fascist ideology. While there are also some Russians promoting the Eurasian Union who believe a more moderate version of the philosophy is possible, Western critics say that Putin will need some kind of ideological glue to hold it together, and it's most likely to take the form of a forceful antidemocratic, anti-Western worldview.
The extent to which Putin is truly driven by any kind of Eurasianist philosophy—as opposed to, say, a raw appetite for power and drive for a stronger Russia—is as opaque as any of his plans. But it's worth noting, as the situation in Ukraine continues to unfold, that Russia experts have always considered that country the crown jewel—and even a necessary anchor—of any successful version of the Eurasian Union. “If you have Ukraine, the Eurasian Union moves a little further west, and puts it right on the border of the EU,” said Hannah Thoburn, a Eurasia analyst at the Foreign Policy Initiative, a Washington-based nonprofit. “Russia desperately wants to have Ukraine.”
***
Advertisement
Russia has spent much of its existence in a kind of tense suspension between Europe and Central Asia. Its landmass lies mostly in Asia, but its proud history of music, art, and literature are more closely associated with Europe.
That identity crisis has been part of Russian life for centuries, and it was in this context that a group of early 20th-century thinkers started making the argument that the people of Russia and Central Asia should not strive to contort themselves into Europeans, but rather assert themselves as a cultural and political force unto themselves.
What began as an emotional aversion to the prospect of Russia and its neighbors being “eternal disciples” to the West, wrote Russian political commentator Leonid Radzihovsky in an e-mail, became the basis for the theory of Eurasianism: “that the Slavic world must follow a separate path—that it should not be a second-rate Europe, but another type of civilization altogether.”
The Eurasian dream was eclipsed by the Bolshevik revolution and the formation of the Soviet Union, whose power stretched deep into Europe, and whose ideology vied for minds all around the globe. But after the USSR collapsed in 1991, the idea came back to life, said Jeffrey Mankoff, the deputy director of the Russia and Eurasia Program at the Center for Strategic & International Studies. Suddenly the relationship between the former Soviet states was again a totally open question.
In the geopolitical sense, Eurasianism isn't much more than a policy orientation, a belief that Russia is better served by building its own coalition instead of aligning with the economies of the West. Where observers get worried is who, exactly, is carrying the flag for it now—in particular a thinker named Aleksandr Dugin, founder of Russia's Eurasia Party and the figure most closely associated with what has come to be known as Neo-Eurasianism.
Advertisement
Though initially seen as a marginal figure in Russian politics, Dugin—who is said to be a professor in the sociology department at Moscow State University—has been a prolific author and tenacious public figure since the 1990s, giving speeches and appearing on television to press his cause. In a YouTube video promoting the Eurasian movement, Dugin is shown pointing a rocket launcher toward the sky, while a thundering soundtrack of Russian hymns mixed with threatening heavy metal plays in the background. His followers carry black flags with an aggressive logo of arrows bursting outward. He once wrote that the country needs an “authentic, real, radically revolutionary and consistent fascism.” More recently, he weighed in on the crisis in Ukraine with a column calling for “the liberation of Europe from the very Atlanticist occupiers who caused the catastrophe in Kiev.”
Aleksandr Dugin once wrote that Russia needs an ‘authentic, real, radically revolutionary and consistent fascism.'
While the language and aesthetics may sound like the definition of fringe, Dugin has become increasingly influential over time. According to fascism scholar Anton Shekhovtsov, he “entered the mainstream” when he became an adviser to the head of the State Duma, Russia's parliamentary body, in 1998. Today, Shekhovtsov, says, “his ideas are taken seriously by people who are close to Putin.”
Dugin and his followers may be the most worrisome face of Eurasianism, but they are not its only supporters; other Eurasianists disdain him as a fascist using the philosophy for his own ends. Among This is Yuri Kofner, the founder of the Eurasian Youth Movement, a clean-cut, blond 20something who makes friendly YouTube videos in English aimed at Westerners who might be curious about the Eurasian dream. “Dugin has used the Eurasian ideology and twisted it,” said Kofner in an interview. He added, “Other Eurasianists, like myself, believe he does a very harmful thing to the Eurasian idea by making it seem very imperialistic, which is something that people from other post-Soviet countries cannot agree with.”
But while Kofner and others may distance themselves from Dugin, they are not shy about their hopes for what the Eurasian Union will one day become. In this, they see Putin as an ally.
“The thing is, Putin and his people are very practical,” Kofner said. “The algorithm in their mind is: First, we'll build an economic union, we'll keep it calm, we'll keep it cool, we won't talk a lot about it in an ideological sense, and then step by step [we'll work to create a sense of cultural unity] and then maybe we'll add something political, like a common parliament.”
***
It is impossible to say whether a belief in any particular style of Eurasianism is what drove Putin to push for a Eurasian Union. “He's always had an intellectual affiliation with Eurasianist thinkers,” said Thoburn, “but he didn't really talk at all about this idea of the Eurasian Union [until relatively recently].”
For the most part Putin has spoken of the Eurasian Union in purely economic terms—the official name of the organization is the Eurasian Economic Union—and has rejected, more than once, as nonsense all suggestions that it's meant to create a new Russian empire. But he has also made remarks that indicate he envisions something deeper than a mere economic alliance, echoing some basic aspects of Eurasianist thinking. At a televised conference last year, for example, he described the Eurasian Union as “a project to preserve the identity of the people who inhabit the historic Eurasian space,” and said, “Eurasian integration is a chance for the post-Soviet space to become an independent center for global development—not a peripherality to Europe or Asia.”
While many Russia observers are skeptical that in pursuing the Eurasian Union Putin has in mind some abstract idea about the Slavic world's historic fate as a civilization, there are others—Yale historian Timothy Snyder in the New York Review of Books, Robert Zubrin in the National Review—who have warned against underestimating the influence of Neo-Eurasianist philosophy on Putin's thinking.
Putin's vision of the Eurasian Union, the argument goes, is going to require a shared ideology to succeed, and while that ideology won't be communism, as it was in the USSR, the history and rhetoric of the Eurasian movement suggests that it will inevitably be some hodge-podge of anti-Western, antiliberal thought.
“What unites these countries is that they all have autocratic or semi-autocratic regimes,” said Robert Legvold, professor emeritus and Russia specialist at Columbia University, referring to post-Soviet states like Belarus and Kazakstan. “The one thing that unites them is that they're against US efforts at democracy building around the world.”
Aleksandr Dugin once wrote that Russia needs an ‘authentic, real, radically revolutionary and consistent fascism.'
One intriguing argument that's been made by Russia observers in recent weeks is that the Kremlin's very high-profile campaign against gays and the increasingly intimate relationship it has established with the Russian Orthodox church are part of a broader effort to “brand” Russia as the bedrock of traditional values working to fight back the tide of moral corruption emanating from the West. This, too, could strengthen its role as the center of a new Eurasian power structure. “Part of this idea of contrasting Eurasia from the West is that they live according to different values,” said Mankoff. “So Putin talks about how the West has become decadent...and its embrace of gay marriage as being an example of that.”
***
Last week, as Russian forces maintained their position in the Crimean peninsula, the leaders of Belarus and Kazakstan held a meeting with Putin—previously scheduled for later in the month, but pushed up in light of the situation in Ukraine—to discuss the Eurasian Union treaty. There is reason to think Belarus and Kazakstan were spooked by Putin's decision to use military force in the situation with Ukraine, and are perhaps now reevaluating their decision to forge closer ties.
Given how much it appears to worry his allies, it might be surprising that Putin would have played such a strong hand in Ukraine last week. But that, say many observers, suggests just how much he has invested in this idea. Ukraine—with its steel mills, coal plants, bountiful agricultural resources, and massive population of 46 million people—has always, according to Russia experts, been key to Putin's vision for the Eurasian Union.
“Ukraine is the big one,” said Alexander Cooley, a political science professor at Barnard College who studies post-Soviet countries. “The others are small and weak.” For this reason, he said, the success of the Eurasian Union “hinges on Ukraine's participation and cooperation.”
Last fall, when it seemed like Ukraine was on a path toward closer ties with the West, and the government was taking steps toward signing an “association agreement” with the European Union, the Kremlin intervened and convinced the country's now-deposed president to back out. The following month, Putin announced that Russia would buy $15 billion worth of Ukrainian government bonds—widely seen as compensation for sticking by Moscow. Viewed in isolation, the episode was nothing more than a very expensive game of tug-of-war. In light of Putin's Eurasian dream, it was an investment in a legacy.
Putin himself, of course, hasn't spoken about his actions in Crimea in these terms: He has framed it as a measure to protect the region's Russian population in the wake of a coup. But as we watch his next moves, it's worth remembering that, whether or not he got it from Eurasianist thinkers, at the core of his foreign policy agenda lies the belief that Russia's destiny is to forge its own path.
Last December, Putin was asked a question at a conference about whether he planned to invest in infrastructure projects that would take advantage of the fact that Russia's geography puts it squarely in between the East and the West. Without pausing, Putin responded by objecting to the premise of the question. “You said that Russia is located ‘between' the West and the East. But in fact, it's the West and the East that are to the left and right of Russia.”
Leon Neyfakh is the staff writer for Ideas. E-mail leon.neyfakh@globe.com
Image copyright AFP Image caption Fans attending the match must wear white, black or grey
Football officials from Thailand and Australia have banned chanting at next month's World Cup qualifying match out of respect for the late Thai king.
Football associations in the two countries have also said fans should wear black, grey, or white.
Thais are observing a year-long period of national mourning after the death last week of King Bhumibol Adulyadej, 88, who reigned for 70 years.
People in Thailand have been asked to wear black and avoid "joyful events".
The Football Association of Thailand had tried to move the 15 November match, but the Australian side asked for the game to go ahead.
In a statement on its website, Football Federation Australia said banners, flags, and megaphones would be banned and "joyful activities" were "strictly prohibited both inside the stadium and surrounding areas".
King Bhumibol Adulyadej, who was the world's longest-reigning monarch, was thought of by many Thais as semi-divine. Much of the country broke down in sadness after news of his death.
Thailand's Crown Prince Maha Vajiralongkorn has been named as the king's successor, but has asked for a delay in the process.
Strict lese-majeste laws protect the most senior members of Thailand's royal family from insult or threat. Public discussion of the succession can be punishable by lengthy jail terms.
New York attorney general Eric Schneiderman has announced that his office will carry out a thorough review of AT&T's proposed acquisition of T-Mobile USA.
"Cell phones are no longer a luxury for a few among us, but a basic necessity. The last thing New Yorkers need during these difficult economic times is to see cell phone prices rise," Schneiderman said in a statement. "Affordable wireless service and technology, including smart phones and next generation handheld devices, are the bridge to the digital broadband future. We want to ensure all New Yorkers benefit from these important innovations that improve lives."
An announcement from Schneiderman's office said that the merger might have a particular impact on cities such as Rochester, Albany, Buffalo, and Syracuse, where there are already fewer wireless network options. But the announcement also said that the attorney general is concerned that the merger could effect consumers and businesses across the state.
Early last week, AT&T told the world it had agreed to acquire T-Mobile USA from Deutsche Telekom in a deal valued at roughly $39bn. AT&T runs what is likely the largest wireless network in the US, with about 95.5 million subscribers, and T-Mobile runs the fourth largest, with 23 million. Whereas the other two players – Verizon and Sprint – offer networks based on the CDMA standard, AT&T and T-Mobile use GSM, the same technology used in most major markets across the rest of the world.
In his announcement, Schneiderman said that his office would take pains to examine the potential benefits of the deal. AT&T has argued that the acquisition will more quickly bring 4G wireless broadband to the country and that it's taking a American operator out of the hands of a foreign company.
The Federal Communications Commission and the Department of Justice will also examine the merger. Late last week, speaking with The Wall Street Journal, an unnamed FCC official indicated that the merger would have a tough time winning approval from the commission. "There's no way the [FCC] chairman's office rubber-stamps this transaction. It will be a steep climb to say the least," the official said. ®
The budding new financial district in Doha, Qatar, in 2011. The Gulf state is one of the richest countries in the world - and the only place in a survey of more than 60 countries with faster rising house prices than New Zealand.
Only one country in a worldwide survey saw house prices rise faster than New Zealand in 2015.
And no country could top New Zealand for house price jumps relative to income.
The figures, published by the International Monetary Fund (IMF), looked at the annual percentage change in real house prices and covered more than 60 countries.
New Zealand's house price hikes (14.6 per cent) topped countries like Austria (3 per cent), Germany (4.2 per cent), the United States (5.9 per cent), Australia (9 per cent) and several other developed countries.
READ MORE:
* Shrinking house stock, high prices make it a seller's market
* Are you getting by?
* Interactive: How does your income compare?
* Speculators cause falling home ownership: Labour
* Richest 10 per cent own $436b: research
HANNAH PETERS/GETTY IMAGES The ballooning housing market is worst in Auckland and Queenstown.
Only Qatar (15.5 per cent) outstripped New Zealand in the data.
On the price-to-income ratio measure, New Zealand headed off 30 other countries in an index which compared the situation in 2015 with 2010.
New Zealand's 123.9 index score topped Australia (109.1), Japan (103.7) and the US (103). The index charts the relationship between middle (median) incomes and median house prices.
Since 2007, ownership rates have declined for almost everyone except those at the top earning more per household than $175,000 per year.
WHAT'S AFFORDABLE?
The accepted standard for housing affordability is three times the median household income, which equates to a house price of about $230,000.
Photographer: Joseph Kelly suppl Economist Shamubeel Eaqub says New Zealand faces a class split if the housing environment doesn't change.
The median house price in New Zealand was $490,000 in April, a multiple of more than five.
In the most expensive parts of the country such as Auckland's North Shore and Queenstown-Lakes, the mid-price property is 10 or 11 times more than the median income.
By this measure, there are affordable areas too, such as Invercargill, the Wairarapa and Wanganui.
AUCKLAND THE PROBLEM
New Zealand Council of Trade Unions economist and director of policy Bill Rosenberg said New Zealand was an attractive country in which to settle and invest. Longstanding Auckland housing market constraints were at the centre of the housing market.
"Queenstown is another and it's spreading out into most of the country, particularly around the Auckland region. One of the problems in Auckland is there has been a policy to make it a supercity, whatever that means.
"If you're going to focus so much of your economic development on one area you simply cannot do that without having a plan to provide the infrastructure, which needs to come first.
"Inevitably you get these kinds of blowouts in terms of needs."
People needed homes and there was no reason the Government could not take on more responsibility, he said.
"As soon as you get into housing there's no one simple answer.
"The economy is saying keep on reducing interest rates ... but if it does that it could contribute to further inflation of the housing bubble.
"We also need to have a good look at the attractiveness to renting as an alternative to buying a house."
'IT'S INCREASINGLY HOPELESS'
Economist Shamubeel Eaqub said house prices in New Zealand had increased relative to income since the 1990s.
"Home ownership has been falling since '91. It's reducing affordability and has been pushing more and more people into renting," Eaqub said.
"The pace of growth is just so far from income and savings it can't keep up for new entrants. For first-time buyers it's increasingly hopeless.
"Houses in most parts of New Zealand are relatively affordable but the job options are in Auckland.
"More and more money is driven into buying housing from each other rather than building new housing. If there were plenty of new houses there would not be demand for investment."
Sign up to receive our new evening newsletter Two Minutes of Stuff - the news, but different.
INDIANAPOLIS -- A new billboard that popped up over the past week on I-465 is an "attack on all Muslims," according to the Muslim Alliance of Indiana.
The billboard features the words "The Perfect Man" – apparently in reference to the founder of Islam, the Prophet Muhammad – followed by a list of attributes including "rapist" and "slave owner."
The billboard gives no indication who paid for it, save for the word "Truthophobes" – an Australian group dedicated to publishing anti-Islamic materials.
Rima Shahid, executive director of the Muslim Alliance of Indiana, says she was "heartsick" when she saw a photo of the billboard, especially since it has appeared just as the holy month of Ramadan has begun.
"At any point this would have been highly offensive, but we're in the holiest month of our faith, when we slow down and reconnect with our communities," Shahid said. "To have an attack on all Muslims during this period is very disheartening."
Shahid strongly condemned the billboard, saying it spread lies and misinformation about Islam and its prophet.
"It perpetuates hate. It perpetuates misconceptions about Islam, and it makes our neighbors think we believe things that just aren't true," she said.
SEE THE OTHER STORIES | I am Hoosier, I am Muslim: Six stories of faith and Indiana pride
And not putting a name on the billboard? Cowardice, Shahid said.
"It's cowardly. It's cowardly," she said. "If this is something they believe in, stand by it. Endorse it. Let me call you and have a conversation. Why are they so afraid? I know why: It's because it's untrue."
"I feel bad for them," she continued. "First of all, they've been misinformed. Second, you must be in a lot of pain to go out and spread this hatred. That's a lot of burden to carry in your heart."
The Muslim Alliance of Indiana has reached out to Mayor Joe Hogsett and Congressman Andre Carson (D-Indianapolis), one of two Muslims in Congress, about ways to challenge the billboard.
In the meantime, Shahid says she takes strength from a story about the Prophet Muhammad.
"He would take a route every day, and every day this woman would throw garbage at him – this is not new to us. If it was me, I would probably pick it up and throw it right back at her, or take a different route," Shahid said. "But he continued. One day, this woman didn't throw garbage. He asked the neighbors, he said, 'Where is this woman?" He found out that she was ill, and that's why she missed a day. He went and visited her and told her, 'I hope you get well soon.' That's what Islam is."
"So this is no different," Shahid added. "This billboard is garbage."
READ MORE | Letter sent to Indy Islamic School threatened to 'cleanse' Muslims under Trump presidency | Muslim groups call road rage attack against professor a hate crime | The Largest refugee groups entering the U.S. are Christians, not Syrian Muslims
MORE TOP STORIES | Trash, trash and more trash left after Indy 500 | PHOTOS: The greatest spectacle in people watching | PHOTOS: The Snake Pit concert at the Indy 500 | Scott Dixon, Jay Howard walk away after nasty crash in turn 2 at Indy 500 | Former NFL referee has unusual Peyton Manning story
Islamization. Source: Erdoğan Seizes 50 Syriac Churches and Monasteries, Declares Them Turkish State Property – Patrick Poole
The Turkish Directorate of Religious Affairs (Diyanet) has seized control of at least 50 Syriac churches, monasteries, and cemeteries in Mardin province, report media sources from Turkey: Diyanet wins the church lottery from Mardin https://t.co/TEDbAgjXrz — AGOS / ???? (@AGOSgazetesi) June 23, 2017 Turkey's Mardin Governorate has established a special Commission for Liquidation & Sharing of the properties owned by the Syriac community. — ???? ??? ????? (@zaliin) June 24, 2017 The Turkish-Armenian daily Agos reports: After Mardin became a Metropolitan Municipality, its villages were officially turned into neighbourhoods as per the law and attached to the provincial administration. Following the legislative amendment introduced in late 2012, the Governorate of Mardin established a liquidation committee. The Liquidation Committee started to redistribute in the city, the property of institutions whose legal entity had expired. The transfer and liquidation procedures are still ongoing. In 2016, the Transfer, Liquidation and Redistribution Committee of Mardin Governorate transferred to primarily the Treasury as well as other relevant public institutions numerous churches, monasteries, cemeteries and other assets of the Syriac community in the districts of Mardin. The Mor Gabriel Monastery Foundation appealed to the decision yet the liquidation committee rejected their appeal last May. The churches, monasteries and cemeteries whose ownerships were given to the Treasury were then transferred to the Diyanet. Inquiries of the Mor Gabriel Monastery Foundation revealed that dozens of churches and monasteries had been transferred to the Treasury first and then allocated to the Diyanet. And the cemeteries have been transferred to the Metropolitan Municipality of Mardin. The maintenance of some of the churches and monasteries are currently being provided by the Mor Gabriel Monastery Foundation and they are opened to worship on certain days. Similarly, the cemeteries are still actively used by the Syriac community who visits them and performs burial procedures. The Syriacs have appealed to the Court for the cancellation of the decision. “We started to file lawsuits and in the meantime our enquiries continued” said Kuryakos Ergün, the Chairman of Mor Gabriel Monastery Foundation. Ergün said they would appeal to the court for the cancellation of nearly 30 title deed registries. Included in the seizure is the 1600-year-old Mor Gabriel Monastery: Foundation of Mor Gabriel Monastery, filed a court case at the Civil Court of First Instance in Mardin against the registration of title deed records in the name of Treasury. In the petition filed to the court it has been noted that the properties subject to the court case had been, since ancient times, under the possession and ownership of the Foundation and the significance of Mor Gabriel Monastery has been underlined; “Its history dates back to the 4th century AD. The Monastery is one of the oldest monasteries in the world which is still active and is one of the most ancient religious centers of Syriacs and the entire world with its history of more than 1600 years. Midyat Syriac Deyrulumur Mor Gabriel Monastery Foundation had been established on the basis of the imperial order of Sultan Abdülmecid Han during the Ottoman Empire in “1267 Islamic calendar (1851/1852 Gregorian calendar) and its status was redefined, became a legal entity, on the basis of the Foundations Law of 13.06.1935 with no 2762. The Foundation had been recognised as “a religious community foundation” on the basis of a Regulation issued in 2002 by the Directorate General of Foundation and was included in the List of Religious Community Foundations drafted same year. Foundations that I'm not included in this list are in not recognised as religious community foundations.”
In 2016, Erdoğan did the same thing in another Turkish city. Source: Islamist Turkey seizes ALL Christian churches in city and declares them ‘state property'
President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan has taken control of six churches in the war-torn southeastern city of Diyarbakir in his latest move to squash freedom of speech and religious movement.
The state-sanctioned seizure is just the latest in a number of worrying developments to come out of increasingly hardline Turkey, which is in advanced talks with the EU over visa-free travel for its 80 million citizens.
Included in the seizures are Catholic, Protestant and Orthodox churches, one of which is over 1,700 years old.
They have now effectively become state property – meaning they are run by the government – in a country with a dire human rights record where about 98 percent of the population is Muslim.
The order to seize the churches was made on March 25 by Erdoğan's council of ministers, according to the website World Watch Monitor.
They claim it was made on the grounds that authorities intend to rebuild and restore the historical centre of the city, which has been partially destroyed by 10 months of urban conflict between government forces and militants from the Kurdish Workers' Party (PKK).
But the seizures have outraged worshippers at the churches, who fear a government coup against their religion are now threatening to take legal action against the decision.
Ahmet Guvener, pastor of Diyarbakir Protestant Church, said: “The government didn't take over these pieces of property in order to protect them. They did so to acquire them.”
And the Diyarbakir Bar Association – which represents Christians worshipping at one of the churches, has now officially filed an appeal the government's action.
In a statement the group said: “Among the expropriated plots, there are structures belonging to public institutions … and places of worship and residences considered as historical and cultural heritage.
“This decision, which seems to be made by the request of the Ministry of Environment and Urban Planning without any reason or justification, is unacceptable within the limits of constitutional order.”
Local government officials are also thought to be critical of the decision, claiming that the seizures lack legal justification and will cause cultural damage to the town.
In response ministers have insisted the order to take control of the churches was not religiously motivated, pointing out that they have also occupied a number of historic mosques in the city.
But, unlike Christian churches which are maintained by the generosity of their congregations, all mosques in Turkey are state-backed and funded, meaning their futures are secure.
Maybe this Florida Museum Will Celebrate The Conversion of More Churches.
Related issues in the quickly Islamizing Turkey we haven't had time to post:
agencies that exist outside of the federal executive departments
Independent agencies of the United States federal government are agencies that exist outside the federal executive departments (those headed by a Cabinet secretary) and the Executive Office of the President.[1] In a more narrow sense, the term may also be used to describe agencies that, while constitutionally part of the executive branch, are independent of presidential control, usually because the president's power to dismiss the agency head or a member is limited.
Established through separate statutes passed by the Congress, each respective statutory grant of authority defines the goals the agency must work towards, as well as what substantive areas, if any, over which it may have the power of rulemaking. These agency rules (or regulations), when in force, have the power of federal law.
Functional characteristics [ edit ]
Independent agencies can be distinguished from the federal executive departments and other executive agencies by their structural and functional characteristics.[2] Congress can also designate certain agencies explicitly as "independent" in the governing statute, but the functional differences have more legal significance.[3]
While most executive agencies have a single director, administrator, or secretary appointed by the President of the United States, independent agencies (in the narrower sense of being outside presidential control) almost always have a commission, board, or similar collegial body consisting of five to seven members who share power over the agency.[2] (This is why many independent agencies include the word "Commission" or "Board" in their name.) The president appoints the commissioners or board members, subject to Senate confirmation, but they often serve terms that are staggered and longer than a four-year presidential term,[4] meaning that most presidents will not have the opportunity to appoint all the commissioners of a given independent agency. The president can normally designate which commissioner will serve as the chairperson.[4] Normally there are statutory provisions limiting the president's authority to remove commissioners, typically for incapacity, neglect of duty, malfeasance, or other good cause.[5] In addition, most independent agencies have a statutory requirement of bipartisan membership on the commission, so the president cannot simply fill vacancies with members of his own political party.[4]
In reality, the high turnover rate among these commissioners or board members means that most presidents have the opportunity to fill enough vacancies to constitute a voting majority on each independent agency commission within the first two years of the first term as president.[6] In some famous instances, presidents have found the independent agencies more loyal and in lockstep with the president's wishes and policy objectives than some dissenters among the executive agency political appointments.[7] Presidential attempts to remove independent agency officials have generated most of the important Supreme Court legal opinions in this area.[4] Presidents normally do have the authority to remove heads of independent agencies, but they must meet the statutory requirements for removal, such as demonstrating that the individual has committed malfeasance. In contrast, the president can remove regular executive agency heads at will.
If the independent agency exercises any executive powers like enforcement, and most of them do, Congress cannot participate in the regular removal process of commissioners.[8] Constitutionally, Congress can only participate directly in impeachment proceedings. Congress can, however, pass statutes limiting the circumstances under which the president can remove commissioners of independent agencies.[9] Members of Congress cannot serve as commissioners on independent agencies that have executive powers,[10] nor can Congress itself appoint the commissioners – the Appointments Clause of the Constitution vests that power in the president.[11] The Senate does participate, however, in appointments through "advice and consent", which occurs through confirmation hearings and votes on the president's nominees.
Regulatory agencies [ edit ]
There is a further distinction between an independent agency and an independent regulatory agency. The Paperwork Reduction Act lists 19 enumerated "independent regulatory agencies". Generally, the heads of independent regulatory agencies can only be removed for cause, whereas Cabinet members and heads of executive agencies, such as the Environmental Protection Agency, serve "at the pleasure of the president".[12] Executive Order 12866, which requires cost-benefit analysis for certain regulatory actions, does not apply to independent regulatory agencies.[12]
Examples of agencies [ edit ]
Former agencies [ edit ]
The President hasn't announced his strategy for dealing with ISIS yet, but there is a clear military approach taking shape in Iraq. On an operational level, the military intervention has shown some early success in using U.S. airpower to support local ground forces and halt ISIS's advances. But the tension between tactics and strategy, methods and goals, is already starting to show. The battle we won yesterday could make it harder to win a war tomorrow.
And while the American strategy for ISIS is stalled, the air war in Iraq has been expanding steadily.
In early August, when airstrikes were first authorized, the administration articulated a limited set of goals and stressed that it wouldn't be drawn further into Iraq's civil war. In its first phase, the air mission focused on humanitarian relief and defending American personnel from an ISIS advance. That lasted about a week. The air strikes seemed to be working and as ISIS was pushed back so were the limits of the mission. A month ago there was a narrow reactive approach to ISIS, now there is an evolving, offensive mission.
Since mid-August, the U.S. has been acting as Iraq's de facto air force. American aircraft are bombing ISIS targets and supporting offensives by Kurdish forces, the Iraqi military and militia groups that were yesterday's anti-American jihadists and are today's anti-ISIS allies.
As The Daily Beast's Josh Rogin reported, the administration has given Congress four distinct reasons for waging war in Iraq: to protect American personnel in Erbil; to save the Yazidi minorities trapped on Mount Sinjar; to protect the Mosul Dam; and to break ISIS's siege on the Shiite town of Amerli.
And for each objective, there's a slightly different set of American allies being supported by U.S. air power.
“The ground coalitions we're supporting with air power are uniquely different in each case,” said Doug Ollivant, a former advisor to Gen. David Petraeus who served in the National Security Council under Presidents George W. Bush and Barack Obama. “In Sinjar, it's largely the PKK [a Kurdish militia] who rescued the Yazidis,” Ollivant said. “In Mosul, it was the Golden Brigades [An elite unit of the Iraqi army] with the Peshmerga in support, and in Amerli it looks like Shia militias with the Iraqi military in support.
Not all of these allies would ordinarily be considered friends of America. The PKK, which by some accounts has been leading the fight against ISIS in northern Iraq, is still listed as a foreign terrorist organization.
War makes strange bedfellows and the U.S. has certainly been promiscuous before choosing its allies in past wars. The question is whether short-term partnerships will undermine longer-term interests. Working with the PKK presents complications, especially in regard to our NATO ally Turkey, but no clear threat to the American people or our goals in Iraq.
With other emerging allies the calculus is trickier and leaves less margin for error. In Amerli, the U.S. backed operation was spearheaded by Asaib Ahl al-Haq, an Iranian backed group known for sectarian violence against Sunnis and attacks on American troops during the last war in Iraq. After American airstrikes helped Asaib Ahl al-Haq take control of Amerli, a spokesman for the group told a New York Times reporter, “we don't trust Americans at all” and added “we don't need them.”
The militia leader's words could have been taken for loose talk but the photo that leaked online shortly after the battle had the hallmarks of a deliberate message.
The photo reportedly shows the Iranian general Qasem Soleimani, commander of the Qods force, Tehran's chief military strategist, and the man many American officials consider to be America's most dangerous foe on the planet. His visit to the site underscores the convergence of U.S. and Iranian interests in Iraq, and Iran's desire to be seen as orchestrating the efforts.
Amerli was clearly a defeat for ISIS and a relief for the townspeople who had held off the group for six weeks. But it's less clear what the alliance between U.S. airpower and Iranian-backed militias says about the vision guiding the mission in Iraq. Even leaving aside questions of a grand regional strategy for the Middle East—and how our track record suggests that U.S. led wars in Iraq can benefit Iran—its not clear how the precedent set in Amerli will serve the President's more immediate goals for resolving the war in Iraq.
The president has been criticized for lacking a larger strategy to deal with ISIS but he's been consistent on Iraq, stressing that military force can only be effective as the prelude to a political solution. To push ISIS out of Iraq, the thinking goes, Baghdad needs to reintegrate marginalized Sunnis who have supported but are not ideologically aligned with the group. But the difficult task of dislodging ISIS from its Sunni support base will only become harder than Shia sectarian groups increases their influence in Baghdad and appear to receive U.S. backing.
“If you're goal is to cause some level of reconciliation, [Amerli] doesn't assist it one bit,” said Phillip Smyth, a researcher at the University of Maryland on Shia militant groups. “The fact is this is being promoted by Tehran as an Iranian initiative. It's them saying we run the show.”
Hassan Hassan, an analyst at the Delma Institute, believes “the appearance of U.S. support for Shia militias and tacit coordination with Iran are a mistake many thought the Obama administration would avoid.” It's a mistake that “plays into the hands of ISIS and makes it difficult to draw a wedge between extremists and other Sunni forces that have legitimate concerns and demands,” according to Hassan.
One former senior leader in the U.S. intelligence community disputed the interpretation that the campaign in Amerli would undermine American interests in Iraq. Speaking on condition of anonymity, he said, “I'm not concerned by the Amerli operation for several reasons: first, the ground force consisted of a mix of Peshmerga, Iraqi forces, and Shia militia, so this wasn't the US supporting just Shia militia against Sunni Arabs; second, the targets were predominantly ISIS, not just Sunni insurgents who might once again reconcile.”
One instance of U.S. airpower backing a Shia militia may not undermine the chances of political reconciliation in Iraq, but there's no reason to think Amerli will be an isolated event. Baghdad relies on the militias for its defense, as does the Iraqi military. At this point, any anti-ISIS coalition that aims to take back central Iraq will be forced to rely on the militias. The question is whose air cover they will operate under and whose objectives they will be pursuing on the ground.
Events in Iraq, where an approach to confronting ISIS is being tested, will likely lay a foundation for the president's coming strategy. It remains to be seen whether the compromises the current approach has required will lead to a political resolution in Iraq or a longer and more open-ended commitment from the military.
Exalted Blade
Fighter Archetype
Through some means, you have obtained a legendary weapon composed of an evanescent, magical energy. Be it an heirloom, bestowed upon you by a deity, or simply forged in the fire of your own essence, your weapon is a marvel to behold.
Exalted Blade
At 3rd level, your weapon manifests itself as an Exalted weapon. This effect may be applied to a weapon you already have or the weapon may originally appear at this stage. They could adopt a wondrous glow, or become entirely made of a plasma-like material. Regardless of their design, they adopt the following traits:
Your weapon is magically bound to you, and can disappear or reappear in your possession at your command. This consumes a bonus action, but it is a free action on the first turn of combat to summon it.
Exalted weapons are sentient, containing a spirit that's unique to each weapon.
When an Exalted weapon is not present in weapon form, it can choose to appear as a ghostly apparition.
You may only have one Exalted weapon at any given time. To gain a new one, you must perform an hour-long ritual during a rest, destroying the first weapon and spirit to create a new weapon and spirit.
Inversely, you can perform a similar ritual to place a magical effect and bonus from other weaponry into your Exalt. You may only have one such foreign effect and one such bonus added to your weapon, and you must forgo the first foreign effect or bonus to gain a new one. Should such an effect belong to a melee weapon, it won't apply to a ranged Exalt, and vice versa.
For example, if you were to infuse the effect of a Dragon Slayer into your Exalt, you would gain the additional damage against dragons that it grants. You could have the magic bonus from a Defender within it as well, giving you the bonus damage against dragons alongside a +3 magic bonuses, thus making your Exalt a unique tool.
Work with your DM to determine whether or not you control the actions and traits of the weapon's spirit. The weapon can telepathically communicate with creatures within 60 feet, and is like a character of its own in terms of roleplay.
Transient Manifestation
At 3rd level, your weapon's spirit can lurch out briefly to distract an enemy. You can use a bonus action when you attack to gain advantage in this way, or a reaction to impose disadvantage on an attacker in this way. You can perform this a number of times equal to your proficiency bonus, resetting on short rest.
s
Evolve and Overcome
At 7th level, your weapon begins to master its own form. As a bonus action, you can transform the weapon into any other simple or martial weapon, as well as several tools such as a crowbar or grappling hook. You don't need to be holding the weapon to do this. You can do this while summoning the weapon to your hand as a part of the same bonus action. Additionally, your weapon counts as magical for the purposes of overcoming damage resistance.
Focus and Liberate
At 10th level, your weapon is tightly entwined with your mind. If you are holding your weapon and are capable of using your action, you can expend an action to dispel a Frighten or Charm effect, as your weapon helps you snap out of it.
In games that incorporate Madness effects, this feature can either assist with shortening the madness, rid it entirely, or do nothing at the Dungeon Master's discretion. While making this decision, it is important to incorporate the personality of the weapon: are they fiercely loyal, or would they not even want to help their master?
Absolve and Unleash
At 15th level, your Exalt can tap into their true potential. As an action, you can absolve the restrictions of your Exalt and unleash the power in the weapon to grant it benefits for up to one minute. In addition to any magical effects already on the weapon, it gains an additional 5 feet of Reach if it is melee, or an additional 1000 on both Ranges if it is a ranged weapon. Attacks dealt with an Unleashed Exalt deal an additional 2d6 radiant damage for the duration.
While unleashed, the weapon may change in appearance, typically giving off a field of magic or plasma like energy to indicate its increased range and power. This can be performed once per long rest, and is very taxing on the weapon's spirit, leaving them feeling tired after their rampage concludes.
He said of his Sundance film 'Hunt for the Wilderpeople,' "We did 'The Revenant' without any money!"
Before Taika Waititi directs the upcoming installment of Thor, the indie director is premiering Hunt for the Wilderpeople at the 2016 Sundance Film Festival.
So will the director draw from his indie background when helming the Marvel installment? Yes, he joked of his potential approach: "Just shake the camera a lot. ... And carrot sticks instead of real food."
Waititi, who ignited Sundance buzz two years ago with What We Do in the Shadows, spoke to The Hollywood Reporter about Wilderpeople, a heartwarming adventure comedy that follows a manhunt in the New Zealand wild in search of a missing child and his foster uncle.
Despite the subject matter, shooting in the elements wasn't easy. "If you think The Revenant was tough going ..." joked actor Sam Neill. Waititi added, "We did The Revenant without any money!"
New theory on the origin of dark matter
Theoretical physicists at Mainz University present an alternative to the WIMP paradigm
8 August 2017
Only a small part of the universe consists of visible matter. By far the largest part is invisible and consists of dark matter and dark energy. Very little is known about dark energy, but there are many theories and experiments on the existence of dark matter designed to find these as yet unknown particles. Scientists at Johannes Gutenberg University Mainz (JGU) have now come up with a new theory on how dark matter may have been formed shortly after the origin of the universe. This new model proposes an alternative to the WIMP paradigm that is the subject of various experiments in current research.
Dark matter is present throughout the universe, forming galaxies and the largest known structures in the cosmos. It makes up around 23 percent of our universe, whereas the particles visible to us that make up the stars, planets, and even life on Earth represent only about four percent of it. The current assumption is that dark matter is a cosmological relic that has essentially remained stable since its creation. "We have called this assumption into question, showing that at the beginning of the universe dark matter may have been unstable," explained Dr. Michael Baker from the Theoretical High Energy Physics (THEP) group at the JGU Institute of Physics. This instability also indicates the existence of a new mechanism that explains the observed quantity of dark matter in the cosmos.
The stability of dark matter is usually explained by a symmetry principle. However, in their paper, Dr. Michael Baker and Professor Joachim Kopp demonstrate that the universe may have gone through a phase during which this symmetry was broken. This would mean that it is possible for the hypothetical dark matter particle to decay. During the electroweak phase transition, the symmetry that stabilizes dark matter would have been reestablished, enabling it to continue to exist in the universe to the present day.
With their new theory, Baker and Kopp have introduced a new principle into the debate about the nature of dark matter that offers an alternative to the widely accepted WIMP theory. Up to now, WIMPs, or weakly interacting massive particles, have been regarded as the most likely components of dark matter, and experiments involving heavily shielded underground detectors have been carried out to look for them. "The absence of any convincing signals caused us to start looking for alternatives to the WIMP paradigm," said Kopp.
The two physicists claim that the new mechanism they propose may be connected with the apparent imbalance between matter and antimatter in the cosmos and could leave an imprint which would be detected in future experiments on gravitational waves. In their paper published in the scientific journal Physical Review Letters, Baker and Kopp also indicate the prospects of finding proof of their new principle at CERN's LHC particle accelerator and other experimental facilities.
The tag team scene in WWE has been enjoying a resurgence for the better part of six months to a year. While there are a lot of great teams right now like The Usos, The Shield, and The Wyatt Family just to name a few, no one can deny the impact that The Brotherhood has had on the tag team landscape.
From the point that Cody Rhodes and Goldust won the tag titles back in October, fans knew they would eventually have to lose the championships. That eventuality became reality during the Royal Rumble kick-off show when The Brotherhood lost the belts to the recently returned New Age Outlaws. Then the questions started coming out. Would Cody and Goldust regain the tag titles? Would they part ways, returning to single careers? Or would they have a messy split culminating in a feud and match at Wrestlemania XXX?
Up until recently, I was in favour of the split. I have always enjoyed a brother vs brother feud. Whether it was Bret vs Owen or Matt and Jeff Hardy, I've always found a great brother vs brother feud to be very riveting, and I expect the Rhodes brothers would be no different. Both are solid performers, Cody's stock has been rising with every great match and Goldust has been having arguably the best run of his career. There's no denying that the two could put on a stellar match and possibly steal the show at Wrestlemania.
However, the more I thought about it the more I started to sway. While the storyline could be great, and the match could be a show stealer, would it be worth it in the long run? Goldust is 44 years old and while he has been having a fantastic comeback, the hands of the clock only go one way. How many options would be available to him after Wrestlemania if they went this route? From what I could see, not many. So for Goldust, it could be more of a send-off but for Cody, would it help his current rise or simply cause his wheels to spin?
Say they have the split, the feud and the match at Wrestlemania. Cody wins the match. Then what? He's beaten his brother who, while talented, isn't exactly in world title contention. So where does that put him? Cody's in a weird spot where he's not quite at world champion level, but a mid card title may seem like a step back. He brought life and a renewed respect back to the Intercontinental title, there's no denying that. But going back to that or the US title still seems like the wrong direction. And that is what led me to change my tune, so to speak.
The direction I am leaning now is for The Brotherhood to remain a tag team. Splitting them up would, if nothing else, eliminate one of the best teams in the aforementioned tag team resurgence. They proved they could have great matches with anyone, from Harper & Rowan to Big Show & Rey Mysterio. Is that worth losing for a one off match? Especially when, if you keep them together, you could have them continue to pursue the tag team gold. Even though they lost their rematch, maybe that hunger is still there. Perhaps Cody and Goldust continue to be a thorn in the side of the New Age Outlaws until they finally get a rematch. Or maybe they cost other teams their shot at the titles in an attempt to secure their own spot. Keep the Usos in the mix and add in another team, maybe Rey Mysterio & Sin Cara, and you could have a great four way tag title match at Wrestlemania XXX. Turn it into a ladder match and it's the makings of what would surely be an incredible match.
If The Brotherhood continue as a tag team and continue after the tag team championships then they are at least still on their current path. It's not a step backwards for Cody, and would certainly continue to be a major step forward for the tag team scene in general. This seems like the best option of the two, and produces the most positive results. It allows a veteran like Goldust to continue doing some of the best work of his career and to work with a lot of younger up and coming talent. And for Cody it makes him a part of a tag team renaissance, much like the Hardyz, Dudleyz, and Edge & Christian were 15 years ago, and keeps him sharp until he can move up the ladder in the WWE. And who better to have by his side than his own brother?
Thank you for reading. Feel free to comment below, and follow me on Twitter @DeHaanoffate. Support LWOS by following us on Twitter –@LastWordOnSport – and “liking” our Facebook page.
Interested in writing for LWOS? We are looking for enthusiastic, talented writers to join our pro wrestling writing team. Visit our “Write for Us” page for very easy details in how you can get started today!
Image caption HSBC made most of its money through investment banking in the first half of the year
The UK's biggest bank HSBC has reported pre-tax profits of $11.1bn (£7bn) for the first six months of 2010 - more than double its profits for the same time last year.
The bank said it was profitable in every region, except for North America where it saw losses of $80m.
In the UK, profits totalled $2.1bn - a rise of 26%.
The UK's other major banks Lloyds, Barclays and RBS are due to report their results later this week.
In a sign of the improving conditions in the banking sector, it said the amount of money set aside to cover bad loans had fallen to $7.5bn - the lowest level since the financial crisis began in 2008.
Business lending
Image caption David says he could employ an extra 10-12 engineers if he had more capital We have a full order book of over £1 million and we could employ an extra 10-12 engineers tomorrow if we had access to more cash David Cummaford, Abcoma, Greater Manchester Small businesses on bank lending
Unlike Lloyds and RBS, HSBC survived the financial crisis without receiving direct government support.
But the Chancellor George Osborne yesterday added to calls for banks to lend more to businesses in order to sustain the economic recovery.
HSBC chief executive Michael Geoghegan said his bank had seen the appetite for credit grow steadily over the first half of the year, especially among business customers.
"This is now feeding through into lending growth, a trend we expect to continue," he said.
Globally, the bank said it increased lending by 4% compared with the second half of 2009, with Asia seeing a 15% growth in lending.
In the UK, mortgage lending totalled £5.1bn for the first half of the year, HSBC said, while the bank added about £1.4bn in new loans to small and medium-sized businesses (SMEs).
However on a net basis, which takes into account existing loans being paid back and is considered a more significant measure, HSBC's lending to small businesses in the UK fell by 2%.
Angela Knight, chief executive of the British Bankers' Association (BBA), defended UK banks' record on business lending.
"85% to 90% of requests for loans are being granted [and] the numbers show that borrowing is increasing," she told BBC News, referring to the situation across the industry.
But she added that "not everyone who wants credit will get it because there are people who should not be borrowing".
Stephen Alambritis from the Federation of Small Businesses (FSB) said SMEs had seen a continual decline in lending from the UK's "big four" banks.
Lending, he said, was now at the rate of £500m a month - down from the £900m a month seen in 2008.
Investors optimistic
HSBC's Tier 1 ratio - which shows how much cash the bank is keeping in reserve and is an indication of its financial stability - was also up to 11.5%, well above its target range.
Investment banking delivered just over half the $11.1bn profits.
Banking analysts broadly welcomed the results, however, with the headline profit figure ahead of most expectations.
But some warned that the recovery in the US business would still depend on the continued recovery in the US housing market.
"The headline numbers look good, with a doubling of profits, but that's because last year was just a terrible year for everyone," said Francis Lun, from Fulbright Securities in Hong Kong.
"The numbers are not even back to 2008 or even 2005 levels yet."
In a conference call with investors, chief executive Michael Geoghegan stressed that emerging markets were the focus for the bank, which stations many of its senior staff in Hong Kong.
China and India were particularly important markets for the future growth of the bank, Mr Geoghegan said.
Hong Kong and the Asia-Pacific region accounted for 53% of HSBC's profits in the first half of the year.
In London, investors reacted positively to the results with HSBC shares closing up by more than 5%.
Other banking stocks also benefited, with Barclays up nearly 3%, and Lloyds and RBS up by 3.88% and 4.28% respectively.
By Jenny Gold
Kaiser Health News, November 28, 2011
Say you're trekking through the desert in Mexico, minding your own business, when all of a sudden a scorpion scrambles up your boot and stings your leg. You hobble over to a nearby clinic, where you're given a dose of anti-venom that brings you fast relief. The charge for the serum is about $100.
Now imagine instead that you happen to be hiking in Arizona, and the same type of scorpion stings you. You make it to the emergency room, where the charge for a dose of the same anti-venom costs can cost as much as $12,000, according to a survey by The Arizona Republic. Since patients need three to five doses, the cost can reach about $50,000.
The drug, called Anascorp, has been available for years in Mexico, but was just given FDA approval in August for the U.S. market. Anascorp is designed to treat the sting of the Bark Scorpion, a particularly poisonous species.
Milton Ellis, president of Rare Disease Therapeutics, a Tennessee-based company that has the rights to Anascorp in the U.S., told The Arizona Republic that the cost of the drug is based on a number of factors, including the expensive clinical trial the company sponsored to get FDA approval and the expected demand for the serum. The company sells the drug for $3,500 to another firm that provides it to Arizona hospitals for about $3,780, The Republic found.
Hospitals mark up the drug to cover other costs, including the expenses of patients who are uninsured and the heavy discounts it gives to insurers.
Dr. Leslie Boyer, director of the Venom Immunochemistry, Pharmacology and Emergency Response (VIPER) Institute and the principal investigator of the Anascorp study published in the New England Journal of Medicine, says she was surprised and “a little saddened” by the high cost of the drug. “It's priced at a level where we can only use it for the very sickest patients, when I know that people with more moderate symptom would also benefit but might not be able to afford it,” she explains.
If the drug were “priced for the walking miserable,” instead of only those patients with the most severe symptoms, more of the drug would be sold and the price could be lowed, she explains. As it is, she worries that rural Arizona hospitals, which tend to be the least wealthy, will not be able to stock the anti-venom and will still have to send critically-ill patients on a long helicopter or ambulance ride instead.
The high prices, she says, are “a public health problem.”
****
Response
Don McCanne says:
(Comment is awaiting moderation as of this posting.)
November 29, 2011 at 12:38 PM
Results of a quick Internet search:
Study posted yesterday at ClinicalTrials.gov:
http://clinicaltrials.gov/ct2/show/study/NCT00624078?term=Anascorp&rank=1
Sponsor: Instituto Bioclon S.A. de C.V. (Mexico
Collaborator: University of Arizona
R&D at Instituto Bioclon:
http://www.bioclon.com.mx/bioclon/html/investigaciond_en.html
“The Bioclon Institute's technology plan has been implemented through a financing strategy that combines the Institute's own investments with resources from governmental institutions through agreements with: The National Science and Technology Board (El Consejo Nacional de Ciencia y Tecnologia) (Mexico), The Commerce Secretary (La Secretaria de Economía) (Mexico), and The Food and Drug Administration (United States).”
Comment:
By Don McCanne, MD
The fact that government-supported research (United States and Mexico) can result in a product that sells for $100 in Mexico and $12,000 in the United States, says much more about how health care is financed in the United States than it does about government and private roles in research.
All other wealthy nations have controlled health care spending much more effectively, while covering everyone, by using financing systems that require considerable government oversight. We rely on a fragmented system of private plans, public programs (and no programs at all for far too many), that has allowed runaway spending without a commensurate improvement in quality and outcomes.
It really is time to dump the administratively wasteful but expensive private insurers which have been ineffective in slowing cost escalation. We should improve Medicare, and then provide it for everyone. We might not be able to get the price of Anascorp down to $100, but negotiations through our own public Medicare administrators would set pricing based on legitimate costs and fair profits – a price that would undoubtedly be a small fraction of the $12,000 being charged.
http://capsules.kaiserhealthnews.org/index.php/2011/11/treating-a-scorpion-sting-100-in-mexico-or-12000-in-u-s/comment-page-1/#comment-19404
And…
Antivenom for Critically Ill Children with Neurotoxicity from Scorpion Stings
By Leslie V. Boyer, M.D., et al
The New England Journal of Medicine, May 14, 2009
Among critically ill children with neurotoxic effects of scorpion envenomation, intravenous administration of scorpion-specific F(ab′)2 antivenom resolved the clinical syndrome within 4 hours, reduced the need for concomitant sedation with midazolam, and reduced the levels of circulating unbound venom. (ClinicalTrials.gov number, NCT00685230.)
Supported by grants from the Food and Drug Administration (FD-R-002385-01) and the Arizona Biomedical Research Commission (0001).
http://www.nejm.org/doi/full/10.1056/NEJMoa0808455#t=abstract
Comment:
By Don McCanne, MD
Instead of administered pricing, our government depends more heavily on the market for the pricing of our health care when payments are made through private insurers. Only the magic of the marketplace can price a $100 vial of antivenin at $12,000! Obviously we do not have nor ever will have a functioning free market in health care. It's time to abandon this myth and move on with an effective method of controlling costs through fair pricing – a single payer national health program.
You could take a trip somewhere like this if you use this holiday hack (Picture: Getty)
For those who like to get their holiday booked off ahead of time, there's an added bonus to reward you for being organised.
Thanks to the way bank holidays have fallen in this year's calendar, you can get 18 days off work in a row for just nine days of holiday.
Lonely paedophile is allowed to befriend fellow sex offender because he feels isolated
It would be rude not to, really.
To take advantage of this, book holiday time from April 18-21 and 24-28 – then the rest of the time off will just tag on automatically.
How does this work?
Good Friday falls on April 14 and Easter Monday on April 17.
May Bank Holiday falls on May 1.
So provided you get an automatic day off on those days, your last day at work will be April 13 and you will return on May 2.
Advertisement
Advertisement
Breaking it down, the 18 days will consist of three bank holidays, six weekend days and nine in the working week.
As if that wasn't enough Christmas is another chance to get in a holiday bonus.
To view this video please enable JavaScript, and consider upgrading to a web browser that supports HTML5 video
Christmas Day is on a Monday, Boxing Day is Tuesday and New Year's Day is the following Monday.
So this means if you can block out December 27 to 29, you can get ten days off in a row – December 23 to January 1.
You're welcome.
MORE: Best boss ever takes staff on holiday every year and bought them a castle
MORE: Islands overrun with cats, rabbits, pigs and horses – how you can visit them
Craig and Richeson's second study, “On the Precipice of a ‘Majority-Minority' America,” published last month, is even more directly relevant to the strategic choices facing Republicans. The authors found that whites – whether they called themselves liberals, centrists or conservatives — all moved to the right when exposed to the information about the approaching minority status of whites. This “suggests that the increasing diversity of the nation may engender a widening partisan divide,” Craig and Richeson write.
These findings led the two authors to observe that the future of the contemporary Republican Party may not be as bleak as some say. “Whites may be increasingly likely and motivated to support conservative candidates and policies in response to the changing racial demographics,” they write. “These results suggest that presumptions of the decline of the Republican Party due to the very same changing racial demographics may be premature.”
Responding to my emailed questions, Craig wrote, “Overall, making this racial shift salient could bring more moderate White Americans into the Republican Party, as well as increase turnout among White Americans who already consider themselves Republicans. “
The P.R.R.I. survey — conducted in 2013 of 1,028 respondents — was designed “to assess anxieties concerning the changing racial makeup of the country”; it was summarized in the May 2014 issue of The Atlantic by Robert Jones, the C.E.O. of P.R.R.I.
P.R.R.I. initially asked respondents a direct question: did they agree or disagree with the statement, “The idea of an America where most people are not white bothers me.” As you might expect, agreement was low, with just 13 percent saying they were bothered by the prospect of a majority-minority America. Then P.R.R.I. used a separate indirect technique to try to determine how many respondents were in fact disturbed by the growth of the minority population, but unwilling to admit it.
White respondents were divided into two demographically similar groups and then asked to describe how many of a list of short statements bothered them, but not to say exactly which ones, in what is known as a “list experiment.” One group was given three short statements unrelated to race and ethnicity, and the other group got the same three statements plus a fourth short statement which read: “An America that is not mostly white.”
This method allowed the institute to calculate the percentage of respondents who were actually bothered by the prospect of a white minority nation. The findings are striking.
md5sum: 658f8a388d87fad83d8ef1c8ae59e292
Support for incremental scanning has been returned
LibriVox allows downloading and listening to public domain audio books, this service has made a reappearance in Amarok after having been ported to QtScript.
Context View has received significant attention, with the Lyrics and Last.fm applets being fixed
Significant under the hood changes to much improve stability of Amarok
Version 2.0-beta2
Features
Automatically check for collection changes on startup if monitoring is enabled.
Files can be moved into collections from the Filebrowser. (BR 170077)
Clicking on the volume icon in the toolbar toggles mute. (BR 171017)
Arrows to switch between containments directly.
Scripted services can now show source info in the statusbar like most other services.
Scripts now able to access web via KDE-wide proxy.
Middle click on playlist will append URLs from the clipboard.
Numerous under-the-hood improvements to improve the stability of Amarok. Rejoice!
Incremental collection scanning support. (BR 169602)
Playlists found during a collection scan are automatically added to Amarok's Playlist Browser.
Lyricwiki support.
Chinese lyrics support from mp3.sogou.com
Sidebars can be toggled with the keyboard: Ctrl+1..4
Now remembers visible/invisible state of browsers. (BR 168344)
Add ability to play tracks directly off of MTP device.
Add option to enable/disable automatic cover fetching.
Changes
Jamendo service: Filter out genre names less than 3 characters long. This gets rid of some uninformative genres like "3" and "07". All content is likely still available under other genres.
Switch from Sqlite to MySQL Embedded (libmysqld), resulting in faster scanning and collection filtering times.
When saving a new user playlist, the playlist browser immediately shows the newly saved playlist and starts an edit operation on it.
Many small visual and layout tweaks.
Make the values for score, play count and time since last play appear in tooltip when hovering over the icons in the current track applet.
Make values for score, play count and time since last play in the current track applet readable.
The Librivox.org scripted service is back after a rather long, API-change induced hiatus.
Do not show the OSD if a stream repeatedly sends the same metadata.
"Rescan Collection" was moved to the collection settings dialog.
Do not always show status of cover fetching in the status bar. (BR 166946)
The playlist drop visualiser respects system colours when drawn.
Change the ordering of CurrentTrack applet information.
The option for exporting playlists with relative urls has been moved from the Amarok settings to the save file dialog.
Show recently added albums on the albums applet when no track is playing
The Love action in the Last.fm service is now available for all tracks, not just Last.fm radio.
Made album applets scrollable.
Default the OSD to the middle top of the screen.
New icons and layout for Context View navigation and applet manipulation.
Same default setting for proportional and fuzzy biases when filtering by year. Patch by Andreas MÃƒÂ¼tzel .
Config is now written right after closing the settings dialog, making it crash persistant.
Improve Biased Playlist solver by using genetic algorithm.
System tray tooltip is now translucent (if compositing is available).
QtScript: Importer.include imports the file in the same context that it is currently in.
PodcastCategory now uses PopupDropper actions.
Libgrypt is preferred over OpenSSL at build time, for licensing reasons.
Bugfixes
The Amarok team, in a brief pause from the frantic coding marathon towards the final release, is very pleased to bring you Nujalik, Beta 2 of Amarok 2.0. This release comes with a substantial changelog since Beta 1 and almost all parts of Amarok have received attention. Many bugs and crashes have been fixed and a few new features have snuck in as well. As Amarok 2.0 gets closer to release, we have seen a significant increase in number of contributors providing patches and filing bug reports. This has catapulted the development pace into never before seen rates! Help us make Amarok 2.0 even better by testing, reporting bugs or contributing patches.Also, please don't forget to support Amarok during Roktober 2008 The most significant change in this release is the switch from SQLite to MySQL-embedded as the database backend. MySQL-embedded allows us to leverage the performance increase of a MySQL configuration, whilst alleviating non trivial configuration that comes with a standalone server. Furthermore, this will allow us to expose using a standalone MySQL server in the future, if so desired, though this is not possible yet. Most noticeably, you will see much improved performance of collection scanning and searching, especially with very large music collections. Since there are technical intricacies involved with building MySQL correctly, we strongly recommend using an official distribution package as we are working with packagers to ensure a minimum of problems. For information on building and running Amarok on MySQL-embedded, please visit, edit and help update our wiki page Some other notable changes in this release:Please read the changelog for a more detailed list of changes since the release of Amarok 2.0 beta 1:
Baggage handlers stand next to luggage carts in advance of the incoming travel ban to the U.S. at John F. Kennedy airport in the Queens borough of New York City, New York, U.S. June 29, 2017. REUTERS/Carlo Allegri
NEW YORK (Reuters) - Six in 10 American voters support the new ban on people from six predominantly Muslim countries from entering the United States unless they can show they have a close relative here, according to opinion poll results released on Wednesday.
The Politico-Morning Consult poll found 37 percent of voters said they “strongly supported” the new U.S. State Department guidelines that would deny visas to citizens of Iran, Libya, Syria, Somalia, Sudan and Yemen who do not have close relatives in the United States. Another 23 percent of voters said they “somewhat support” the guidelines.
The poll was conducted online on Thursday and Friday following a U.S. Supreme Court ruling that partly upheld the ban, with 1,989 registered voters taking part. The poll results' margin of error was 2 percentage points, meaning results could vary that much either way. (Link to the poll: politi.co/2uJLfoO)
The survey asked respondents whether they support or oppose the State Department's new guidelines, “which say visa applicants from six predominately Muslim countries must prove a close family relationship with a U.S. resident in order to enter the country.” It did not mention U.S. President Donald Trump, nor the president's executive orders on immigration.
The Supreme Court ruled on June 26 that the temporary travel ban could proceed so long as visa applicants with a “bona fide relationship” with a person or entity in the United States were exempted.
A year before his election, Trump promised voters he would seek a temporary “total and complete shutdown” of Muslims entering the United States. Trump said it was necessary to prevent attacks by Islamist militants, while critics said it was a needlessly discriminatory policy that could inflame prejudice against Muslims in the United States and abroad.
The partial ban, which took effect on Thursday, was most strongly supported by Trump's fellow Republicans, 83 percent of whom approved. Even among Democratic voters, only 46 percent said they were opposed.
Forty-one percent of Democrats said they support it, and the remaining 13 percent said they “don't know.”
The Supreme Court allowed the ban, which bars people from the designated six countries for 90 days and refugees from any country for 120 days, to take effect until it can take up the case during its next term starting in October.
A Reactivation
It's commonly believed that brain cells stop multiplying when our bodies become fully grown. Researchers from the German Centre for Neurodegenerative Diseases (DZNE) theorized that our bodies have a sort of “molecular break”, that signals the neurons to stop growing when adulthood is reached. Reawakening neurons past this “break” could be key to treating diseases that cause damage to the neural network.
The scientists searched for the gene causing the molecular break through mice and cell cultures. “That was like looking for the proverbial needle in the haystack. There are hundreds of active genes in every nerve cell, depending on its stage of development,” said neurobiologist Frank Bradke, leader of the study.
They found a suspect gene using a data-analysing approach called bioinformatics. “This gene, known as Cacna2d2, plays an important role in synapse formation and function, in other words in bridging the final gap between nerve cells,” discussed Bradke.
A Linking Gene
Cacna2d2 controls the structures within a molecular complex that regulate calcium levels. This is essential to communication between neurons. The researchers aimed to reactivate Cacna2d2 using Pregabalin (PGB), a drug used to bind calcium channels within the complex. PGB was adminstered to mice with spinal cord injuries. The researchers observed that new nerve connections grew in the mice.
The SHRIMP: one of the great time machines..
Materials technology
at ANU
CSEM home last modified
March 2003
The SHRIMP
a window on our ancient past The SHRIMP is a device that allows you to determine the age of tiny samples of rock material by analysing the atoms that make up that sample (a study known as geochronology). SHRIMP stands for Sensitive High Resolution Ion Micro Probe, and it's been used to date some of the oldest rocks and crystals ever found - some over 4,000 million (or 4 billion) years old!
SHRIMP by name, but not shrimpish by nature; this device is no small prawn. SHRIMP dominates a large laboratory taking up 50 square metres of floor space and weighs a whopping 12 tonnes.
Who runs it: The SHRIMP is operated by the Research School of Earth Sciences (RSES) who also have the honour of developing the concept, designing it from scratch and building it to a working reality. What's more, RSES demonstrated how valuable the SHRIMP is to geological research and have built some ten versions of the machine which now operate in laboratories around the world. Not bad when you consider they're worth around $3 million each (which makes the SHRIMP a tale of innovation and export success as well as of great science).
How does it work: The SHRIMP determines the ages of crystals by measuring their lead and uranium contents. Uranium converts slowly and steadily to lead by natural radioactive decay. All rocks take up small amounts of lead and uranium when they form, but some special minerals in rocks, such as zircon, take up only uranium. Any lead found in zircon crystals must therefore come from uranium decay. We know how fast uranium converts to lead, so the ratio of lead to uranium in zircon tells us how old it is.
The difficulty with dating rocks using zircon is that many rocks contain zircon crystals of many different ages. Zircon is so tough that when new rocks form from older rocks, zircon crystals from the older rocks survive. Even if a rock is melted, the old zircon crystals simply grow a new layer, like the toffee layer on a toffee apple. Dating such mixed crystals by traditional methods, even one by one, gives meaningless average ages. This is where the SHRIMP excels. It is able to measure the ages of layers within single zircon crystals as small as 10 micrometres (one hundredth of a millimetre) wide. The growth history of the crystal, which sometimes spans more than a thousand million years, is revealed. SHRIMP works by firing a beam of oxygen ions (electrically charged oxygen atoms) at just one spot on the crystal. These ions are like tiny cannonballs. They hit the crystal and knock off atoms of all the elements in the crystal, including atoms of uranium and lead. These atoms are sucked away by electrical forces and then separated into their different types by magnetic forces (a process called mass spectrometry). The atoms of lead and uranium are counted and the age of the zircon at the target spot is calculated. How important is it to determine the age of single crystals? Consider this example. Geologists were studying an ancient sedimentary rock from Mount Narryer, Western Australia. The rock was determined to be around 3 billion years old, which is amazingly old in itself. However, trapped in the rock were tiny zircon crystals, ancient sand grains less than half a millimetre long. The SHRIMP was used to measure the age of those crystals, finding just a few that came out at a staggering 4.2 billion years old. These were the oldest pieces of the Earth ever found, and an invaluable window on our planet's earliest formation. (The Earth is believed to be only 4.5 billion years old.) But wait, there's more. The SHRIMP is now being used to study minerals that are much older; older even than the Sun. How can this be? Meteorites, of course. The SHRIMP is being used to analyse rare, tiny crystals found in meteorites that appear to be the remains of the stardust from which our Solar System was made! We might say that the RSES SHRIMP is one of the great time machines.
More information: Trevor.Ireland@anu.edu.au
SEATTLE--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Tippr™, the premier provider of group buying solutions, today announced its top five predictions for the group buying industry in 2012. Founder and CEO Martin Tobias, an emerging expert in social commerce, predicts that with the phenomenal maturation of the daily deal industry seen in 2011, a new paradigm will usher in programs that merge content with a seamless deal delivery experience. The industry focus will evolve from deal sites and daily emails to other messaging formats, providing relevant deals where, when, and how consumers want them.
Tippr's top five predictions for 2012 include:
1. LivingSocial Will Be Purchased The Amazon-funded daily deal site has patiently waited in the IPO shadow and has learned a lesson or two from its rival's bumpy road to Wall Street. Tippr predicts that LivingSocial will not stay independent long, despite their IPO plans. Instead, the deal provider will jump to the head of the group buying pack by combining assets with a major e-commerce player. By merging with a company backed by both a large Rolodex and bank account, LivingSocial will be poised to successfully leapfrog Groupon and render it a mere also-ran in the daily deals landscape. 2. 200 “Groupon Clones” Will Bite The Dust As Consolidation Mode Takes Off With more than 600 companies currently operating in the group buying space, industry consolidation is going to become a very real threat to many daily deal sites. According to Yipit.com, over 170 deal sites failed in 2011. Next year the trend will continue as large companies purchase smaller rivals and other generic deal brands go belly up. Tippr forecasts that over 200 of the ‘me-too' deal sites will close their doors within the first six months of the New Year. Meanwhile, sites that have found a way to integrate daily deals into their existing content, rather than just photocopying Groupon's model, will not only survive but thrive. 3. 2012 Is The Year of the White Label White-label providers will reign supreme in 2012. According to Yipit research, this year white label exhibited a transaction volume of 5-10%, but next year Tippr expects it to double to as much as 20%. Need further proof? Just how the SaaS industry and companies like Salesforce and Concur cemented their position as market leaders by enabling other sites with powerful consumer-facing CRM and expense management applications, so will the winner in the deal commerce game be the player who perfects the infrastructure behind daily deals and makes it available to many. Media companies, niche bloggers, and digital content creators have credible brands, local sales forces, and engaged audiences–critical components that large horizontal sites spend hundreds of millions to grow. The only piece these companies are missing is the technology on which to build a deal site. In the year ahead, white label technologies will allow publishers to prevail after the Groupons of the world have exhausted their resources acquiring new customers and finding new merchants. 4. Big Branded Sites' Futures Lies In Instant Contextualized Deals Tippr believes 2012 will be the year big brand sites, which source hundreds of deals to large audiences with diverse interests, establish a profitable business model. But profits will only follow the ability to tailor content, matching the right customer with the right merchant. Simply put, the daily space will be dominated by the players who understand how to effectively merge content and commerce into a seamless experience, allowing consumers access to relevant deals anywhere and at any time. In 2012, Tippr predicts Groupon and LivingSocial will make massive investments in their mobile capabilities, while Google, Facebook and other major audience aggregators will extend their commitment to the integration of location, advertorial, mobile, and contextual commerce. 5. Lacking Loyalty, Groupon Goods Will Come To A Dreary Demise From the operational challenges associated with maintaining a physical inventory to heavyweight competition from highly efficient retailers like Amazon, Gilt and eBay, Groupon Goods has faced an uphill battle from its very beginning. Tippr predicts that fatal flaw in Groupon's product arm will be the lack of loyalty and repeat customer opportunity. In fact, recent Forrester research already suggests that 51% of customers who buy the heavily discounted goods said they would've purchased those goods or services at full price anyway–but took the discount instead because it was available. Merchants, lacking the customer acquisition required to justify the steep discounts, will opt out of the site's partnerships.
“The future of group buying will continue to be a passionate debate between consumers, pundits, publishers and investors as long as the profitable business model continues to elude so many of the industry's players,” said Martin Tobias. “In 2012, the group buying landscape will be marked by consolidation, significant developments in offer targeting, and the introduction of new deal delivery technology. This is for certain, the daily deal show is far from over; instead, the scene has just been set.”
About Tippr
Tippr™ is the premier provider of group buying solutions. PoweredByTippr™, Tippr's white-label platform, is the industry's only patented software and services solution that provides publishers with the robust technology, full suite of services, and extensive network required to power a successful group buying service. Tippr leverages the techniques learned from its own leading deal site, Tippr.com, to optimize the platform and power the success of its partners. The Tippr platform offers both traditional and new media properties a risk-free, turn-key solution, while also creating additional inventory for local and national advertisers.
Tippr is headquartered in Seattle, Washington and is funded by leading venture capital firms including RRE Ventures. For more information, go to www.PoweredByTippr.com.
CLOSE Stan Van Gundy discusses the Pistons' 'awful' defense in the fourth quarter when they were outscored 37-22 by the Raptors in a 105-102 loss Wednesday, April 5, 2017. Video by Vince Ellis, DFP. Videolicious
Pistons forward Tobias Harris reacts after the Pistons' 97-96 loss to the Miami Heat on March 28, 2017 at the Palace. (Photo: Carlos Osorio, AP)
Upon further review, the Detroit Pistons still yet have a chance to make the NBA playoffs.
Though that could officially change tonight.
The Pistons (35-43) are 3 1/2 games out of the eighth and final playoff spot and have four game left on their schedule.
The Pistons must win out and need help from other teams.
Again, possible. But the Pistons have lost 10 of their past 12 games.
So, if the Pistons lose tonight in Houston (8 p.m., FSD) OR if the Heat win in Toronto, Detroit is eliminated.
It would be the seventh time in eight seasons the Pistons miss the playoffs.
The NBA draft lottery is May 16. Currently, the Pistons would have the No. 11 overall pick in the draft June 22.
ESPN NBA draft analyst Chad Ford released his latest mock draft (pay site) Tuesday and had the Pistons taking Gonzaga freshman big man Zach Collins.
"Collins proved he's worthy of a lottery pick with a dominant 14-point, 13-rebound, six-block performance coming off the bench for the Zags in the Final Four versus South Carolina," Ford wrote. "He added another nine points, seven rebounds and three blocks in the title game vs. UNC, but played limited minutes because of foul trouble.
"And scouts look beyond the stat sheet -- though the advanced analytics are very bullish on him -- at what he did almost every time he stepped onto the court. He played above the rim, was bouncy and energetic, stretched the floor and competed with toughness.
"Plus, he's used to playing with a more traditional center. In Detroit, he could make a very interesting pairing next to Andre Drummond."
At pick No. 11, the Pistons would have a 0.8% of winning the No. 1 pick in the lottery and a 2.9% chance to jump into the top three.
After tonight in Houston, Detroit plays at Memphis (Sunday), at home against Washington on Monday in the final game ever at the Palace and at Orlando (Wednesday).
Download our Pistons Xtra app on iTunes or Android! Contact Marlowe Alter: malter@freepress.com. Follow him on Twitter @MarloweAlter.
BP Stock Forecast: Algorithmic Perspective
BP stock forecast: While algorithmic analysis is not to be considered conclusive, it can prove a useful tool when combined with traditional techniques.
I Know First uses an advanced self-learning algorithm based on artificial intelligence, machine learning, and artificial neural networks to predict the flow of money in almost 2000 markets from 3-days to a year. This algorithm provides traders with a trend they can use to identify when to enter and exit the market; though it may be used for intra-day trading, the predictability of this trend becomes stronger in 1-month, 3-month, and 1-year forecasts; as such, it can – when coupled with traditional analysis and careful reasoning – effectively be used to analyze the value of such stocks as BP. While I Know First's algorithm should not be regarded as a stand-alone testament to BP's value, the algorithm has seen an unusually high degree of accuracy, and as such is, at least, a useful complement to independent analysis.
The new BP stock forecast generated by the Know First algorithm, updated on September 16th, is shown below (Figure 4). Bright green signifies a highly bullish signal; light green also indicates that the forecast is bullish, but not as strongly so. Bright red, in turn, signifies a bearish forecast; correspondingly, light red indicates a bearish forecast as well, but not as negative a forecast. Each compartment contains two numbers: the strength of the signal itself (represented by the number in the middle of each box, to the right), and itspredictability (found in the bottom left corner, this is the approximate level of confidence the algorithm has in the forecast). Taking all this into consideration, the ticker symbol for BP p.l.c. – “BP” – may be as bullish in the 1-month and 3-month time frames (Figure 3).
Figure 3. I Know First's most recent 1-month and 3-month forecasts for BP p.l.c.. BP is boxed in blue, and shown to be bullish. Please note that a negative predictability indicates high risk.
This bullish forecast for the short term coincides well with recent developments in BP's plans, its solid yield, and its increasing production and recovering margins. Given analysts' mean “Buy” recommendation and BP's activities in the last year, it may be wise to consider keeping BP in one's portfolio, though it may sometimes be seen as risky given current circumstances.
READ THE FULL ARTICLE ON SEEKING ALPHA
THIS photocopied picture shows a new Yamaha sports bike that's never been seen in public before – and it could be the firm's response to the Honda CBR250R.
The new bike's design appears to be based on that of the existing Yamaha R15, a 150cc machine that's effectively the firm's range-topping bike in the massive Indian market. Locally built to keep costs down, it's seen as a real superbike in India, but the launch of Honda's more powerful CBR250R is a threat to its position. Yamaha has long been rumoured to be developing a 250cc single-cylinder sports bike based on the R15, and this could be it.
Unlike the existing R15, the new design has a sportier fairing and seat design, with a marked step between the rider and pillion seats, plus a much more elegant and stronger-looking swingarm, which appears to have been borrowed from the European-market R125.
Although this is the first picture showing the bike in its finished state, the same machine was spotted testing on the road in India in December. At the time, Indian sources suggested it was a new R15 due to be revealed as 2011 model in January this year, but that unveiling never happened. Were Yamaha's plans for a revamped R15 revised when the Honda CBR250R arrived? Or is this a separate model?
If, as the Indian press suggests, this is merely an updated R15 then it's unlikely ever to make an appearance in the European market. But should it turn out to be a rival to the CBR250R then there's a much stronger chance a similar bike could be offered over here.
Lewis handed chance in Major League Soccer
In the genes: Lewis enjoyed an impressive season for Boston College, leading the Eagles scoring charts with seven goals (Photograph by Akil Simmons)
Zeiko Lewis will be looking to catch the eye at next months adidas Major League Soccer Player Combine in Los Angeles.
The Bermuda winger is one of 53 Division I collegiate players invited to take part in the five-day camp, which runs from January 8 to 12.
All invited players will be eligible for selection in next years MLS SuperDraft at the LA Convention Centre on January 13.
The 21-year-old, the grandson of former North American Soccer League professional Fred Pinks Lewis and son of Troy Lewis  a former top local player himself  enjoyed a superb season for Boston College last season, finishing as top scorer with seven goals.
A committee of MLS coaches and NCAA Division I coaches from every conference selected the invitees, all of whom completed their college eligibility this season, read an article on Bostons Colleges website.
Lewis earned All-Atlantic Coast Conference accolades in all four seasons he played at Boston College. He earned All-ACC First Team honours as a senior and was a three-time second team member. He also won ACC Freshman of the Year honours in 2013.
As a senior, the Pembroke, Bermuda, product led Boston College with seven goals, five assists and 19 points.
He ranked sixth in the ACC in points, eighth in goals and ninth in assists.
He shone in the postseason, scoring all four BC goals in the ACC and NCAA Tournaments. He scored three times in the ACC Championship, leading the Eagles to the semi-finals, and then scored the lone goal in a 1-0 opening-round win against Fordham in the NCAA Tournament.
Lewis finished his career as the all-time assist leader at Boston College with 27. He also ranks sixth in career points [63] and tenth in goals [18].
Bermuda players Jonté Smith, Lejuan Simmons, Drewonde Bascome and Shayne Hollis have all attended the MLS Player Combine in previous years.
8:43pm: Ruben Amaro didn't confirm or deny the reports of the Dodgers' claim on Lee to the media (including MLB.com's Paul Hagen) but said "It's irrelevant. [Lee] is not going anywhere."
5:16pm: The Dodgers were awarded Lee's claiming rights, tweets Jon Morosi of FOX Sports. This means that all NL teams with a record worse than the Dodgers' 56-50 mark (every NL team except the Reds, Nationals, Pirates, Braves, Giants and Cardinals) first passed on Lee.
5:06pm: The Phillies don't see a trade as very likely, reports Jon Heyman. The Phils also aren't likely to just let Lee leave to the claiming team without getting anything back in return.
3:46pm: Phillies left-hander Cliff Lee has been claimed on waivers, Jon Heyman of CBSSports.com reports (on Twitter). The Phillies can now pull Lee back off of waivers, assign his contract to the team that won the claim, or work a trade out with the claiming team. Lee can block trades and claims to 21 teams, which could limit the Phillies' flexibility, depending on the identity of the claiming team.
The team(s) that claimed Lee showed a willingness to take on approximately $95MM in future commitments. Lee earns $21.5MM in 2012 and $25MM per season through 2015. His contract includes a $27.5MM vesting option for 2016 with a $12.5MM buyout. If the Phillies can assign Lee to the claiming team without his permission, they will now have to decide whether they value Lee's performance more than the flexibility they'd obtain by letting him go. If multiple teams claimed Lee, National League teams have priority over American League teams.
Lee, who turns 34 this month, has a 3.73 ERA with 8.5 K/9 and 1.7 BB/9 in 125 1/3 innings so far this year. He has averaged seven innings per start and contributed 2.7 wins above replacement, according to FanGraphs.
The Red Sox didn't claim Lee, Rob Bradford of WEEI.com reports (on Twitter). More than 58% of 14,000 MLBTR readers correctly predicted that Lee would be claimed.
MLBTR's Mark Polishuk also contributed to this post
Derby County striker Darren Bent highlighted an “arrogant swagger” that fuelled Liverpool's 3-0 victory in their League Cup clash.
The former Aston Villa and Sunderland star, a target of the Reds under Brendan Rodgers, now finds himself leading the line for the Rams in the Championship.
Bent was given a taste of action against Premier League opposition on Tuesday night, as goals from Ragnar Klavan, Philippe Coutinho and Divock Origi sealed Liverpool passage to the fourth round.
While Jurgen Klopp‘s side can have been expected to win at Pride Park, speaking to Sky Sports on Wednesday, Bent praised both their hardworking attitude and their determination to progress.
“What really impressed me about them last night is how hard they work,” Bent said.
“Every time we got the ball and tried to keep it, they were after us, and tried to win it back within five or 10 seconds.
“We played as well as we could, we gave it a good go, but it just wasn't good enough.
“They kept possession so well, moved the ball, looked dangerous, looked effective and I'm sure they'll have a good season this year.
“If you talk about the top end of the Premier League and the top end of the Championship the gap is massive. The technical ability, the power, the arrogance as well.
“When you play a top Premier League side, they all seem to come onto the pitch with this arrogant swagger, that they know they're not going to get beaten.”
Bent continued to explain that, while Derby manager Nigel Pearson had highlighted Liverpool's left defensive flank as a weakness, with Alberto Moreno making only his second start of the season, they were unable to exploit this.
“If you can point out any weakness in Liverpool's back four, a lot of people say it is the left side,” he added.
“But last night, because they had so much of the ball it just became difficult.
“We couldn't get anything going, we couldn't attack them because they had the ball all of the time.
“When we did get it back, and tried to move it, tried to get them out of shape, they just got the ball back and made it difficult for us again.”
While Derby has struggled throughout 2016/17 so far, that Liverpool were able to dominate throughout this latest away clash is a testament to their growing fluency under Klopp.
The 49-year-old described it as a “professional” performance, and he will be hoping for more of the same throughout the campaign.
Announcing early access to Meteor Galaxy
Matt DeBergalis Blocked Unblock Follow Aug 23, 2015
We're excited to offer an early look at Meteor Galaxy, our commercial service for running and managing Meteor applications in the cloud. Click here to sign up.
Our goal has always been to build the best possible JavaScript application platform. Recently we've talked about two big parts of that effort: our plans for Meteor 1.2, coming next month, and the launch of the Meteor Developer Subscription, which we announced in June.
Today we're excited to add Meteor Galaxy to that picture. You can think of the open source Meteor SDK, Meteor Galaxy, and the Meteor Developer Subscription as the three legs of a complete JavaScript Application Platform that addresses each part of an app's lifecycle — from design and development to deployment and management — with comprehensive support covering you each step of the way.
Our objective with Galaxy is simple: we want to make it the best way to operate and scale Meteor apps, and give you a great development experience that doesn't force your team to learn, build, and maintain a sophisticated DevOps practice around your app. And so Galaxy goes far beyond scaling Meteor to multiple processes in the cloud. A lot of what's inside Galaxy addresses the particular challenges of managing Connected Client apps in the cloud, like tracking the list of browsers and mobile devices connected to the app, and smoothly coordinating version updates between client code and cloud service code without disrupting your users. I'll talk more about Galaxy's features in the coming months.
So today, we're making a first version of Galaxy commercially available as an early access service. Initially, we will focus on teams with critical applications in production, adding users as we fine tune. You can expect steady progress and updates from us on the early access list as well as here on our blog.
To join the program please sign up and tell us about your app.
In his aggressive defense of Arizona's immigration law, Justice Antonin Scalia pointedly went after President Obama's recent immigration policy shift and accused him of deliberately refusing to enforce immigration statutes.
Justice Scalia wrote a 22-page barnstorming dissent against the court's 5-3 decision Monday which found major provisions of S.B. 1070 violate the Constitution. The conservative jurist accepted the premise that the federal government has supremacy on immigration, but declared that the Arizona law is “in complete compliance” with federal statutes.
In his point-by-point defense of the Arizona legislation, the avowed law-and-order conservative surmised that the Obama administration “desperately wants to avoid upsetting foreign powers.” He accused federal officials of “willful blindness or deliberate inattention” to the presence of illegal immigrants in Arizona.“[T]o say, as the Court does, that Arizona contradicts federal law by enforcing applications of the Immigration Act that the President declines to enforce boggles the mind,” Scalia wrote. “If securing its territory in this fashion is not within the power of Arizona, we should cease referring to it as a sovereign State.”
The Reagan-appointed justice wrote:
It has become clear that federal enforcement priorities–in the sense of priorities based on the need to allocate “scarce enforcement resources”–is not the problem here. After this case was argued and while it was under consideration, the Secretary of Homeland Security announced a program exempting from immigration enforcement some 1.4 million illegal immigrants under the age of 30. [For certain illegal immigrants] immigration officials have been directed to “defe[r] action” against such individual “for a period of two years, subject to renewal.” The husbanding of scarce enforcement resources can hardly be the justification for this, since the considerable administrative cost of conductÂ­ing as many as 1.4 million background checks, and ruling on the biennial requests for dispensation that the nonenforcement program envisions, will necessarily be deducted from immigration enforcement. The President said at a news conference that the new program is “the right thing to do” in light of Congress's failure to pass the Administration's proposed revision of the Immigration Act. Perhaps it is, though Arizona may not think so. But to say, as the Court does, that Arizona contradicts federal law by enforcing applications of the Immigration Act that the President declines to enforce boggles the mind.
Scalia enlisted bubble-gum to make his point, before calling it an “assault on logic” to say “identifying a removable alien and holding him for federal determination” supersedes the federal government's authority.
“We are not talking here about a federal law prohibiting the States from regulating bubble-gum advertising, or even the construction of nuclear plants,” he declared. “We are talking about a federal law going to the core of state sovereignty: the power to exclude.”
Adam Winkler, a constitutional law professor at UCLA, pushed back on Scalia's argument.
“Scalia has finally jumped the shark,” Winkler told TPM. “He claims to respect the founding fathers, but his dissent channels the opponents of the Constitution. Back then, opponents argued that the Constitution denied states their sovereignty by giving too much power to the federal government, as with immigration. Now Scalia echoes their complaints that states are being denied their sovereignty. States are not sovereign when it comes to powers vested in Congress, such as the authority over immigration and naturalization.”
Added Scalia: “What I do fear–and what Arizona and the States that support it fear–is that ‘federal policies' of nonenforcement will leave the States helpless before those evil effects of illegal immigration that the Court's opinion dutifully recites … but leaves unremedied in its disposition.”
Read the court's opinions, including Justice Scalia's dissent.
scotussb1070
LONDON — Pics produced in the U.K. took an 11.4% share of the global box office last year, the lowest since 2009, according to figures just released by the British Film Institute.
B.O. revenue for British films in 2013 totaled $4.1 billion compared with $5.3 billion in 2012, which repped a 15.3% share.
As in past years, the vast majority of the B.O. revenue was generated by U.K. films that were wholly or partly financed by U.S. studios, but featured U.K. cast, crew, locations, facilities, post-production and often U.K. source material. These U.S. studio-backed U.K. films repped 9.8% of the global box office, which compared with 13.4% in 2012. Nevertheless, the 2013 tally is still an impressive figure, and testament to the allure of U.K. facilities, crews and tax credit for Hollywood producers.
Independent British films took a 1.6% share of global B.O. in 2013 compared with 1.8% in 2012.
The highest earning pic at the global B.O. to qualify as British was “Fast & Furious 6” with $789 million, followed by “Gravity” with $708 million, and “Thor: The Dark World” with $641 million.
The highest grossing independent U.K. film was “Red 2” with $148 million, followed by “Rush” with $90 million, and “Philomena” with $89 million.
U.K. films had an 11.9% share of the market in U.S./Canada, 5.7% in Japan, 11% in Korea, 9.9% in France, 9.6% in Germany, and 14.6% in Australia.
Intel took the wraps off its most powerful consumer CPU at the PAX video-game conference in Seattle, WA, today. Intel's Core i7 High-end Desktop Processor Family, code-named Haswell-E, consists of three unlocked processors that support hyperthreading, DDR4 memory, and Intel's all-new X99 chipset.
The top-of-the-line Core i7-5960X boasts eight cores (16 processor threads), 20MB of cache, and 40 PCIe 3.0 lanes. This $999 processor runs at a base clock frequency of 3.0GHz and torques up to 3.5GHz in turbo mode.
Intel manufactures server chips with almost twice as many cores as this, but the company won't bring that technology to its consumer business any time soon. It doesn't need to—it's already competing with itself on that front.
The Core i7-5930K provides six physical cores (12 processor threads), 15MB of cache, and 40 PCIe 3.0 lanes. Its base clock frequency is 3.5GHz (up to 3.7GHz in turbo mode) and costs $583. The Core i7-5820K is also a six-core (12 processor threads) CPU with 15MB of cache, but it supports only 28 PCIe 3.0 lanes. It runs at a base clock of 3.3GHz and a turbo frequency of 3.6GHz. Intel is pricing this chip at $389.
Since all three processors are unlocked, system builders and end users can tweak the PC's BIOS to run the CPUs at even higher clock speeds.
Intel is shipping three Haswell-E processors. This chart compares them to each other and to Intel's existing unlocked Haswell parts.
When Intel launched the original Haswell family of processors in June 2013, its messaging was all about power consumption, integrated graphics, and cooling. In other words, Intel was most interested in pursuing the laptop, hybrid, and tablet markets. Sure, the fourth-generation mobile and desktop Core processors were somewhat faster than the third-generation Core processors that preceded them (with a notable exception that I'll explain in a moment), but that chip family's biggest improvements were reduced power consumption (to extend battery life), better graphics (to reduce the need for outboard GPUs and to extend battery life), and lower thermal design power or TDP (to reduce cooling requirements and extend battery life). TDP specifies how much electrical power a computer must be able to dissipate in a worst-case scenario: while the CPU is operating at its maximum speed for a sustained period.
Did I mention Intel's focus on battery life?
Power users had to wait (and wait) for Ivy Bridge-E parts to get their next fix. Those unlocked processors, based on Intel's third-generation Core architecture, hit the market in September 2013. The best of that family of three maxed out at six cores (with hyperthreading to support 12 processor threads).
Like Ivy Bridge-E, Haswell-E CPUs don't waste any die space on integrated graphics. Anyone who buys one of these parts, or a complete desktop PC built around one, will rely on one or more discrete video cards for graphics.
Haswell-E processors are the first consumer desktop CPUs to support quad-channel DDR4/2133 memory.
And that's where Haswell-E's support for up to 40 PCIe 3.0 lanes comes into play: It enables a motherboard to support up to four discrete video cards (Ivy Bridge-E boasted the same feature). As you've probably guessed, anyone looking to upgrade from Ivy Bridge-E to Haswell-E will also need to buy a new motherboard and memory.
Intel's Haswell-class Extreme Edition parts must be installed in a motherboard with an LGA 2011-v3 socket and an Intel X99 chipset.
The big changes
The cores on Haswell-E processors share up to 20MB of L3 cache and are the first consumer desktop CPUs to support DDR4/2133 memory, providing four memory channels where Intel's most recent CPUs support only two channels to DDR3 memory (at speeds up to 1866MHz). While some boutique PC builders are touting the benefits of this increase in bandwidth, an Intel spokesperson told me in a briefing earlier this week that in these early days, DDR4's primary benefit will be reduced power draw.
Digital Storm and other boutique PC builders will be among the first to jump on the Haswell-E bandwagon.
That gave me a chuckle, because Intel otherwise threw caution to the wind in terms of thermal design power; after all, you'll never see one of these chips in a notebook.
Each of the three new Extreme Edition processors has a TDP of 140 watts. That's 10 watts higher than its Ivy Bridge-E parts, and it's considerably higher than Intel's other unlocked Haswell processors—the Core i7-4790K (code-named Devil's Canyon) and the Core i5-4690K—which have TDPs of just 88 watts. Intel's mainstream Core i7 desktop processors, meanwhile, have TDPs as low as 35 watts.
In addition to its DDR4 support, Intel's X99 chipset provides up to six USB 3.0 ports, eight USB 2.0 ports, eight PCIe 3.0 lanes, and 10 SATA 6Gbps ports (Intel's X79 chipset supports six SATA ports, but only two are the faster 6Gbps variety). Support for Intel's Rapid Storage Technology 13.1 is optional. Intel describes the X99 chipset as “Thunderbolt Capable,” but X99 motherboards must be “Thunderbolt Ready,” meaning they have a connector for a Thunderbolt 2 add-in card.
Thunderbolt 2 offers twice the bidirectional throughput of the original Thunderbolt spec—20Gbps—and supports daisy-chaining up to six devices on a single port. Who needs that much throughput? Content creators editing 4K video, rendering 3D images, or developing games. Thunderbolt 2 is overkill for most consumers; but since it comes in the form of an add-in card, you won't pay for it unless you need it.
Target customers
As I said at the beginning, Haswell-E is aimed at gamers, content creators, and unabashed PC enthusiasts. Intel claims the Core i7-5960X is up to 20-percent faster at editing 4K video, 32-percent faster rendering 3D graphics, and 14-percent faster processing game physics and AI. Intel also claims that Haswell-E's increased core and thread counts enable its best processor to convert 4K video to 1080p (using Handbrake), 34-percent faster than its six-core Core i7-4960X (Ivy Bridge-E), and 69-percent faster than its quad-core Core i7-4790K (Haswell).
Content creators and gamers will benefit most from the power of Intel's Haswell-E processor.
Most popular content-creation programs—including Adobe Photoshop and Premiere Pro, Sony Vegas Pro, and Cakewalk Sonar—are multi-threaded and can take full advantage of the multiple cores and processor threads Intel's Extreme-series processors deliver. Games will benefit somewhat less, and this class of CPU is complete overkill for productivity apps and media playback. But speed junkies are sure to be pleased.
Intel provided us with a Core i7-5960X so we could vet these claims; unfortunately, we didn't get a compatible motherboard in time to publish benchmarks. I'll update this story with that information soon.
The U.S. Supreme Court ruled against the 1.6 million women who wanted to file a class-action discrimination lawsuit against WalMart. As disgusted as I am that a company can now evade class action lawsuits merely by virtue of its size, I see the same silver lining some lawyers see -- that scads of smaller class-action lawsuits, significantly more provable by Mr. Scalia's standard than the huge class-action suit against the corporation, will proceed and possibly exact more justice, just in smaller amounts. Anyway, the National Women's Law Center sees the Wal-Mart suit as an occasion to help you support the Paycheck Fairness Act, which would tighten enforcement loopholes in the Equal Pay Act, and which Republicans filibustered with their bare Senate minority last term. Further, the National Women's Law Center will sponsor rallies today in solidarity with the Wal-Mart women; you can find a rally near you here.
Meanwhile, Keystone Progress still helps you oppose HB 934, Pennsylvania's voter ID bill. Why oppose a voter ID bill, you may well ask? Because "stricter voter ID bills" is a solution in search of a problem, voter "fraud" being nowhere near the problem right-wingers want you to think it is, and furthermore it's a solution that makes problems worse. How? By demanding government-issued ID from seniors, minorities, and low-income voters who do not routinely get government ID and haven't needed it to vote in many years, Pennsylvania's government would effectively disenfranchise those same seniors, minorities, and low-income voters. You have to wonder, sometimes, if that's the idea. And imposing unnecessary government-based requirements, keeping people from voting -- these ideas emanate from nominal conservatives, yet they don't sound particularly conservative. Actually, they sound anti-conservative. Again, you have to wonder.
Finally, NETWORK helps you instruct Vice President Biden that any "deal" over increasing the debt limit must include revenue-raising provisions. This would make Republicans fly into horrible tantrums, but I don't care so much about the tantrums of Republicans as I do about cutting deficits responsibly, and cutting deficits responsibly means taxing upper-income earners responsibly and closing tax loopholes responsibly. We're telling Mr. Biden, by the way, because he's been in charge of negotiating the whole debt limit "deal" with which we'll avoid another economic armageddon. Now these are Beltway elites we're talking about, so they're going to make a "deal" which will hurt you and please their elite friends. But, again: it doesn't matter what they want. It matters what we want. Otherwise, we might as well give up on democracy, and I'm not doing that.
Seeds Across the Oceans November 23, 2009
New York, N.Y.
How do plants get from one land mass to another? Here's one plausible answer from a man who actually performed the necessary experiments:
Living birds can hardly fail to be highly effective agents in the transportation of seeds. I could give many facts showing how frequently birds of many kinds are blown by gales to vast distances across the ocean. We may I think safely assume that under such circumstances their rate of flight would often be 35 miles an hour; and some authors have given a far higher estimate. I have never seen an instance of nutritious seeds passing through the intestines of a bird; but hard seeds of fruit pass uninjured through even the digestive organs of a turkey. In the course of two months, I picked up in my garden 12 kinds of seeds, out of the excrement of small birds, and these seemed perfect, and some of them, which I tried, germinated. But the following fact is more important: the crops of birds do not secrete gastric juice, and do not in the least injure, as I know by trial, the germination of seeds; now after a bird has found and devoured a large supply of food, it is positively asserted that all the grains do not pass into the gizzard for 12 or even 18 hours. A bird in this interval might easily be blown to the distance of 500 miles, and hawks are known to look out for tired birds, and the contents of their torn crops might thus readily get scattered. Mr. Brent informs me that a friend of his had to give up flying carrier-pigeons from France to England, as the hawks on the English coast destroyed so many on their arrival. Some hawks and owls bolt their prey whole, and after an interval of from twelve to twenty hours, disgorge pellets, which, as I know from experiments made in the Zoological Gardens, include seeds capable of germination. Some seeds of the oat, wheat, millet, canary, hemp, clover, and beet germinated after having been from twelve to twenty-one hours in the stomachs of different birds of prey; and two seeds of beet grew after having been thus retained for two days and fourteen hours. Freshwater fish, I find, eat seeds of many land and water plants: fish are frequently devoured by birds, and thus the seeds might be transported from place to place. I forced many kinds of seeds into the stomachs of dead fish, and then gave their bodies to fishing-eagles, storks, and pelicans; these birds after an interval of many hours, either rejected the seeds in pellets or passed them in their excrement; and several of these seeds retained their power of germination. Certain seeds, however, were always killed by this process.
— Charles Darwin, On the Origin of Species (1859), pgs. 261-2
by Paul Gardner , Mar 12, 2013
By Paul Gardner
Tut, tut, Alexi Lalas, naughty, naughty. On a recent ESPN telecast Lalas had the bad taste, or the attention-seeking gall -- or was it simply the courage? -- to bring up what has evidently become a thorny subject these days: the place of Latino players in American soccer.
Lalas was referring to the policy of Chivas USA, and had this to say of Chivas USA's recruiting: “It's very clear that Chivas USA have targeted players that have Mexican and Hispanic parentage. Some people have called it racist, I don't think it is -- but it is, though, exclusionary.”
Lalas went on to pose this question: “If you are a young boy playing soccer in Southern California right now, and you don't have Mexican or Hispanic parentage, do you have an equal opportunity to play for both of your teams [i.e. Chivas USA and Galaxy] in Los Angeles? And I think the answer right now is ‘No.'”
Does he have a point? Yes, very definitely he does. And it's a point that those of us who have been promoting the merits of Latino players need to acknowledge.
To get some irritating factors out of the way for a start. This discrimination against Anglo (i.e. non-Latino) players that Lalas is talking of needs to be seen in the context of years, decades, of the reverse bias -- that of a discrimination against Hispanic players.
American soccer -- and I'm very much including college soccer -- has a long and unenviable record of deprecating the Latin game and its players. The situation has been improving. The move by MLS to shift youth development away from the colleges into club academies is having an effect. Take a look at these percentage figures for Latino players on MLS club academies at the under-16 and under-18 levels:
Chicago 35%
Chivas USA 75%
Colorado 33%
Columbus 4%
Dallas 61%
D.C. United 25%
Houston 72%
Kansas City 19%
Los Angeles 62%
New England 24%
New York 29%
Portland 37%
Real Salt Lake 43%
San Jose 48%
Seattle 9%
For an overall average of 37%. A figure that is massively at odds with what we see from college soccer. It is a stat that ought to spell the death of college soccer as a pathway to pro soccer. A death from ineffectiveness, if you like, but shame should play its part as well.
Yes, Latino players have found it difficult in American soccer. So, maybe, the sort of bias alleged by Lalas can be overlooked as late justice? No, not really. The one prejudice does not excuse the other. But if we're going to start making accusations of exclusionary practices, how about starting with an admission that most of the blame for this attitude lies with the Anglo side of the game?
I haven't seen any evidence that Lalas has ever spoken out on behalf of Latino players, or against the difficulties they face in the American game -- so it's hard to accept his criticism. But accepted it must be. Chivas USA should not position itself as being uninterested in Anglo players.
But as soon as we start talking about the qualities of players we are dealing with a specific soccer issue. And this discussion starts with the fact that there is a specific Latin way of playing soccer, one that is recognized worldwide, and one that is seen as a style that features more ball-skills than any other style, and that includes elements of artistry and bravura that other styles lack or eschew. As its counterpoint, we have the no-frills, overtly physical game propounded by the northern Europeans, particularly the British, who claim greater action and excitement for their game, and like to see players “get stuck in.”
Those who do not, or refuse to, see these opposing forces do not belong in this debate. For they are the people who, lacking knowledge of the soccer nuances and subtleties involved, want to reduce this issue to a matter of racism, which it is not, and never has been.
The fact is that all soccer clubs in the world practice exclusion: Their coaches will have their preferences for the style of player that they like, and for the players that they don't like -- and those likes and dislikes are intimately related to the style of soccer that they want their teams to play.
This type of discrimination is at work quite frequently in soccer, and it particularly involves attacking players. The departure of goalscorer Zlatan Ibrahimovic from Barcelona in 2011 came about because Coach Pep Guardiola felt he did not fit the Barça style. The same reasoning applied when Andy Carroll found himself unwanted by Liverpool's new coach Brendan Rodgers.
Both cases could be damned as bias against huge center forwards -- sizeism, I imagine it would be called. You can see it that way, but it is essentially a matter of a soccer preference. There are, after all, plenty of soccer coaches who very obviously have no faith in small players.
It comes down to this. Chivas USA wants to play a Latin-style, even a Mexican-style, of soccer. Who else would it recruit to accomplish that, other than Latin-style players? Well, it should also be looking to see if there are any Anglos who fit the bill. There won't be many, but you never know. A Landon Donovan or a Clint Dempsey would do nicely. So the answer to the Lalas Lament about young Anglo players in Southern California is that the bias he complains of will exist -- but it is one of many biases to be taken into account when considering the value of a soccer player.
Above all, it is not -- and Lalas was quick to acknowledge this -- racism. It is exclusionary, maybe unnecessarily so (though Chivas did have four Anglos in its starting lineup this past weekend), but in principle no more exclusionary than any choice that a soccer coach will make in deciding to recruit or reject a player.
At least Lalas discussed the subject on television. That is not what happened during the FOX telecasts of the USA's team during the Concacaf under-20 championship. The team did well, getting to the final, improving with every game. For the final against Mexico, Coach Tab Ramos fielded a team in which eight of the 10 outfield players were Latino.
Yet ... during that 2-hour telecast of the final, neither of the TV commentators, JP Dellacamera and Christopher Sullivan, could bring themselves to discuss, to even make a passing reference to, the overwhelmingly Latino character of this team.
I find that extraordinary and, frankly, inexplicable. Not least because this was an exceptionally good performance from the USA. Actually, one of the best performances I have ever seen from any U.S. national team, at any level (my experience of U.S. national teams started in 1964, when I watched the USA, with one Latino player, get beaten 10-0 by England. Things have gotten better).
Mexican youth soccer can lay claim to being the best in the world at the moment, so for the USA, playing in Mexico, to take the Mexicans to overtime is impressive. Doubly so, because it was not achieved by relying (as has invariably been the case in the past) on intimidating physical play and good goalkeeping.
But things went way beyond the mere reliance on defensive qualities. We saw an American team playing with style, passing the ball well, crisply, accurately -- and, yes, excitingly -- trying, always, to play themselves out of tricky situations. All of the U.S. players looked comfortable on the ball -- I have never seen that before. This was soccer con brio, with artistry as well as commitment, with skill and determination.
What Tab Ramos and his team gave us down in Puebla was the breakthrough that American soccer has been seeking. Oh, if only ... I'm almost tempted to say that it was the breakthrough that the U.S. has been avoiding, because this has taken far too long.
A point has been made: That we have, in this country, a lot of exceptional Latino talent. But will that point, at long last, be accepted? Is there still a reluctance to allow Latinos their place in U.S. soccer? That telecast -- how was it possible for two experienced American soccer commentators to avoid discussing, to not even mention, the pivotal importance of what was happening in front of them?
Could it be that the antipathy for Latino soccer is still around. You bet it could. I'm sure it is not part of either Dellacamera's or Sullivan's DNA, but in being coy about bringing the subject up they evidently sense an awkwardness about it. As though it is not quite the done thing to discuss in polite company.
Yes, the old attitudes do hang on, but they need to be extinguished. You can see the contradictions involved by looking at those Academy percentages above. The overall trend is clearly toward accommodating Latino players. But not everywhere -- and some of the lower figures come from surprising places.
I suppose the biggest question to be answered, the one of immediate urgency, is this: Where does Jurgen Klinsmann stand? He saw the game, he knows -- he must know -- that he saw plenty of players on the field who match up to his desire for players who are fit, who play with an intense desire to win, and who play the sort of soccer that he claims to want.
And he knows that most of them were Latino. Then why does he not acknowledge that? He is “excited about the qualification,” and thinks it “well deserved,” he's “happy for Tab Ramos.” He says “we look at the individual talent, their strengths and weaknesses, and how they connect with each other. There are a lot of elements we talk about afterward with Tab Ramos because they're the future a couple years down the road.”
So -- does Klinsmann see a Latino future? Maybe. Maybe not -- he talks, in tepid, Scrooge-like tones, of “a couple of individual talents coming through the ranks there,” with no indication of who they might be. Maybe it's the decidedly anglo goalkeeper who caught his eye?
This is very disappointing. On this matter, as a result of what went on in the U-20 final, Klinsmann should be speaking out much more loudly, much more enthusiastically. Instead, we get the traditional omerta that envelops the Latino player and the Latino style. One has to wonder what sort of vision Klinsmann has for the future of American soccer if he cannot get truly excited about what Tab Ramos and his boys did in Mexico. ...
For Alexi Lalas, then, a sort of bouquet for bringing up what almost looks like a forbidden subject. But a sort of brickbat, too, for dubbing it “exclusionary” without pointing out that such measures are not unusual when it comes to assembling soccer teams.
For JP Dellacamera and Christopher Sullivan nothing but questions -- above all, what is it that makes a virtually all-Latino team something that cannot be talked about?
For Tab Ramos and his team, nothing but praise. For proving that those with unfailing faith in the Latino game have been right. That we have plenty of exceptional young talent among the Latino ranks, but we have so far failed to make use of it. I wish I could be confident that Tab's message will be heard throughout American soccer. But it has not been heard before, and the entrenched ignorance of, and opposition to, Latin soccer runs mighty deep among the get-stuck-in crowd.
Broadway's highest grossing show is on tour again!
Disney presents a musical that brings the much-loved 1994 animated film to life to breath-taking effects, spirit and power, inviting you to explore the African Serengeti and join the wide eyed cub Simba on the adventure of a lifetime as he grows up and accepts his destiny as the King of the Pride Lands. In addition to the beloved songs penned by Sir Elton John and Tim Rice (such as the soaring 'Circle of Life') this phenomenal adaptation has new original songs and explodes with joyous, captivating music that soundtrack the rich mythology and moving drama expertly.
Welcome to the lion king!
Since opening on Broadway in 1998, The Lion King has smashed records, evolving into the highest grossing show, playing to date, 6,700 performances and mounting new ones worldwide. The success is well deserved as the musical is a visually stunning affair, creating a realistic and thrilling landscape, with actors dressed as the wild animals and encompassing their characters in a spectacular, goose bump-giving performance that keeps audiences coming back time and again.
Whether you want to see the spectacle for yourself for the first time, or are a returning visitor, you can be sure that this is a musical that the whole family can enjoy!
What is The Lion King About?
To the rejoicing of all the animals of the savannah, a new prince is born, to just King Mufasa and his wife. The cub grows up into a lively youngster whose best friends are the sarcastic hornbill Zazu and the beautiful and feisty lioness Nyla. Together they play and discover their homeland in joy, until one day King Mufasa is tragically killed and Simba is replaced by his evil Uncle Scar, and retreats to the jungle to grow up with the hilarious meerkat Timon and the big-hearted wildebeest Pumba. But he can?t turn his back on the kingdom forever, and now he must act and stop Scar from destroying the Pride. Join Simba as he takes the journey to his destiny, learning about life, and love, along the way!
Did you know?
To transport the North American touring production, it involves 18 trucks to transport the puppets and set pieces from city to city! Of the 18, 14 of the trucks are 53' long trailers.
Being Gay In Sports Is A Problem for the Older Generation
Like most football fans outside of the Southeastern Conference, before last night, I did not know who Michael Sam was. Until I came out in May 2011 during my “Maxed Out” radio show at my former job at ESPN, few outside of a New York radio audience knew my name.
Like Michael Sam, I grew up knowing that I loved sports, wanted to make a career in sports and also happened to be attracted to people of the same sex. Like Michael Sam, I could not allow fears, however crippling, to deter me from pursuing my career. I was determined to follow my mission, my vision, my dream regardless of potential obstacles created by others—much like, I assume how Michael Sam was driven. Like Sam, I did not come out to make waves in the sports world. He knew, as I did, that coming out could ripple some waters. But, what is a man to do? This is what it means to be gay and in sports.
We are getting closer to a time when it will not be a national news story that an athlete or star player is gay. For now, it is still a freak show to some. And it is this “some” that's keeping us from advancing as a whole.
While being interviewed today on FOX-5's morning news show, “Good Day New York,” I was asked about Michel Sam's potential reception from future NFL teammates. I have been asked questions like this many times — whether it was about Jason Collins, Robbie Rogers, or myself. The answer remains the same. This is not an issue, by and large for Sam's fellow players, colleagues, or teammates who are of a younger generation.
This is an issue for potential employers. People from the old school. People with old money. People with old thoughts. People who believe that men looking at other men in “that” way are dirty, perverse, inferior. Yes, these people really exist, and some have boatloads of money and power. Thankfully, others live here too. Others from the new school. Others with new money. Others with progressive thoughts. People who believe that men looking at other men in “that” way is harmless and of no circumstance to anybody but the two men looking at each other.
Homophobia. This is what this story is about. Somewhere out there, some old dude richer than Richie Rich is in an uproar. Likely, he does not realize that his anger is driven by inner conflict. He will tell people why a gay player is not right for a football locker room, how he will become an unneeded distraction, etc. He will think in terms of himself being the brand of the team, concerned that fans — the people who consume his product — might not buy season tickets or team merchandise if it is known that one of the defensive ends is one of “those people” — someone who has Grindr on his iPhone, right next to the ESPN app.
To these old dudes who are richer than rich but dumb as a stump and afraid to draft a player who is gay, you must ask: "Do fans really care if a player is straight or gay?"
Michael Sam's teammates at Missouri knew he was gay last season. Most knew before he came out during team building exercises in training camp. Did they call him a sissy, a Mary, a fag, or whatever? It does not matter. What speaks to me is that they respected him and kept his secret. This tells me that there are likely several teams in sports where such personal information about teammates is protected, regardless if it is about their sexuality. Why? There is no connection between physical attraction and sport. On the field, we play as a team to win. In the locker room, we talk strategy as a team. In the showers, it is still a team. We are not in sixth or seventh grade anymore.
Michel Sam is a mountain of inner strength who was given the gift to communicate. His voice, despite being an all-American college football player unknown to most, is resonating around the world today. His courage and bravery stand out, screaming to a potential NFL employer, “You want a fearless leader, a mentally solid player with heart? I'm right here."
Jared Max is a sportsbroadcaster and the former host of "Maxed Out" on ESPN New York. More at JaredMax.com
Rev. Jesse Jackson Calls on President Obama to Reject Discriminatory Labeling Bill
July 14, 2016
(Photo Credit: Post Gazette)
Urges veto on basis of discrimination against poor, elderly and minorities
WASHINGTON— Today Reverend Jesse Jackson urged President Obama to veto the GMO labeling bill that is currently before the House, should it reach his desk. In a letter sent directly to the president the renowned civil rights activist called attention to the “serious inequities [in the] GMO labeling legislation.” The bill would allow companies to use QR codes in place of on-package labeling to disclose product information. In the letter Jackson points out the discriminatory nature of such a labeling system; “100,000,000 Americans, most of them poor, people of color and elderly either do not own a smart phone or an iPhone to scan the QR code or live in an area of poor internet connectivity.”
Jackson states,
“There are serious questions of discrimination presented here and unresolved matters of equal protection of the law.
I am asking you to veto this bill and to send it back to Congress with instructions to correct this fatal flaw.”
Many groups, including the Center for Food Safety, have likewise condemned the bill that exempts major portions of current and future GMO foods from labeling and is discriminatory against low-income, rural, minorities and elderly populations. The bill as written is also a gross violation of the sovereignty of numerous states, as it preempts the genetically engineered food labeling laws in Vermont, Connecticut, Maine and Alaska.
###
Irrespective of whether you believe in anthropogenic climate change, the facts are simple and incontrovertible: The world is getting warmer, and if it continues to get much warmer we will soon be in a lot of trouble. Low-lying nations will flood, many species will go extinct as their climates are destroyed, it will become even harder to grow crops in Africa, and it will yet again be possible to make wine in England.
There are two possible escape routes that would allow us to maintain the status quo. The easiest solution is to very, very rapidly reduce greenhouse gas emissions — but really, at this point, it looks like this isn't going to happen. The second path, which has been shunned for decades by scientists and plebs alike, but which is now looking more and more like the only viable option, is geoengineering.
Geoengineering is the act of deliberately altering the world's climate, with the purpose of controlling global warming. Basically, instead of kindly asking humans to alter their behavior and reduce greenhouse emissions, geoengineering is the nuclear, carpet-bombing approach to global warming.
There are two main schools of geoengineering: solar radiation management (SRM), and carbon dioxide removal.
Carbon dioxide removal generally revolves around the use of simple organisms, such as phytoplankton, to capture carbon dioxide from the air — and then burying that organism underground or undersea. It is very easy to encourage a phytoplankton bloom by adding iron to the ocean (pictured right). We'd need to do this on a very large scale, but it could significantly reduce the greenhouse effect.
Solar radiation management is as awesome as it sounds: It's basically a bunch of techniques that blot out the sky, preventing sunlight from entering our atmosphere, and thus lowering the Earth's temperature. One (theoretical) SRM approach actually involves blocking out the sun with a space-based sunshade, just like Mr. Burns in The Simpsons. The most cost effective SRM techniques, however, are stratospheric albedo modification, or in plain English: Increasing the reflectiveness of clouds.
In much the same way that a large volcano eruption kicks up enough dust into the atmosphere to block sunlight, these approaches involve the pumping of millions of tons of dust (aerosol) into the atmosphere every year, effectively creating a new Earth atmosphere that blocks more of the Sun's radiation. In a recent paper titled “Cost analysis of stratospheric albedo modification delivery systems,” three American researchers discuss six different ways of launching dust into the atmosphere — and some of the approaches are rather interesting.
The first three are humdrum: Modified 747s (they have to reach 18km/11mi high); new planes specifically designed to dump dust in the stratosphere; and rockets. The other three are much more exciting: guns (as in, huge, battleship guns); airships; and a “floating platform with slurry pipe” (i.e. a low-level space elevator that constantly pumps dust into the atmosphere).
According to the researchers, using specialized airplanes is the cheapest method, costing about $10 billion to get off the ground and then $2 billion a year to fly a few metric tons of dust into the atmosphere. The floating slurry pipe is cheaper in the long term, but significantly more expensive to get up and running. Rockets, unsurprisingly, are completely unfeasible ($2.3 trillion initial outlay, and $400 billion per year). Guns would be cheap to convert, but operational costs would be a very dear $137 billion per year.
Rather worryingly, the paper doesn't discuss the fact that Earth's last extinction event — the event that wiped out the dinosaurs — was caused by a massive asteroid or comet colliding with Earth and kicking up so much dust that the Sun was almost completely blocked out, causing temperatures to plummeted low enough to kill off many complex lifeforms. But I'm sure we'll get a grasp on our greenhouse gas emissions before we're forced to pump that much dust into the atmosphere…
Research paper: doi:10.1088/1748-9326/7/3/034019 (free to read, for now)
Joel and I were in Tahoe recently and I said to him, “I'm sure we can find some Juniper trees while we're here.” After spending many years in Yosemite, I figured Juniper trees were fairly common in the Sierras, but we didn't see any in Tahoe! However, not more than a week later, when I was back home in southern Oregon and running on a different route than usual due to serious heavy rains that flooded my regular path, I found a stand of Juniper trees with some plump berries. So, right here at home, I was foraging for Juniper Berries!
If you want to learn more about the edible and medicinal weeds that surround us and how to use them, check out my eBook: Wildcrafting Weeds: 20 Easy to Forage Edible and Medicinal Plants (that might be growing in your backyard)!
Juniper berries are the primary flavoring agent for gin, and they are in an ingredient in my Infused Winter Gin recipe. In fact, the name “gin” is derived from either the French or Dutch (no one knows for sure) word for Juniper. But, Juniper berries are good for way more than just gin…
The “berries” are actually fleshy cones, not true berries at all, that are usually covered with a white powdery bloom. That bloom is actually wild yeast, and you can use the berries to make your own wild yeast starter for homebrewing.
Beautiful and fragrant, Juniper trees have become a favorite of mine over the years. They often have a gnarly and weathered look to them that I find pleasant.
Dried Juniper berries are commonly used as a spice or flavoring agent in brines and meat, particularly for game birds and venison. I have use dried Juniper berries in my sauerkraut and love the subtle flavor it gives. Dried juniper berries can purchase here from Mountain Rose Herbs.
Juniper berries are also a highly effective medicinal, as I can attest to from first-hand experience. They are most notably a powerful diuretic and extremely effective in treating UTI's (urinary tract infections). I have been prone to these horrible and painful infections in the past, and after deciding to quit taking unnecessary antibiotics when I was in my mid-twenties, I started drinking Uva Ursi and Juniper tea whenever I felt one coming on. I'm not going to lie, the pain was still there, but after 2 or 3 bouts within a year or so I was able to combat the infection for good and haven't had one since… more than 15 years later.
Beyond its culinary and medicinal use, it is also amazingly beautiful and has a wonderful incense like fragrance. If nothing else, it will look and smell pretty in your home. Or you can turn it into an amazing smelling Juniper Spice Beard Balm for that bearded man in your life!
One thing to mention, there are certain varieties that contain a powerful resin that is toxic to humans if eaten in large amounts. Please be aware of this. Taste a tiny bit of a berry and if it is harsh and bitter spit it out and do not use internally. I tasted these berries that I collected and they were wonderfully piney and slightly sweet, not even a hint of bitterness. Amazing, actually.
I looked up Juniper in The Art of Fermentation by Sandor Katz, in which I discovered Smreka, a fermented Juniper berry soft drink. The only ingredients are Juniper berries (check) and water (check). And time, of course… every ferment needs time. I had to try it!
Would you expect any less of me? I sure hope not! 1/2 cup fresh Juniper berries (NOT the harsh & bitter resinous kind!) to 1 quart fresh, clean water (non-chlorinated preferred). Cover with a cloth and let sit.
Stir the berries around occasionally and when they sink it should be done. It will probably take about a month or so, depending on temperature. I only started this yesterday on a whim, I'll let you know how it turns out.
But for now, although Juniper berries are more than just gin, please don't forget about the gin! Go have a martini and think about how wonderful Juniper berries are. You can thank me later!
Save
Save
Save
Some medical residents at the University of Calgary are saying goodbye to the 24-hour shift, a move aimed at making doctors healthier and patients safer.
In Alberta, residents' shifts can run 24 hours, with some working up to 100 hours a week. It's a hectic, busy life for medical residents like Dr. David Ward, who says it can also be stressful.
"Often it's hard to find time to eat, to drink, maybe even sometimes to remember go even to the bathroom."
That's not ideal, according to residents' association president Dr. Gillian Shiau.
"You want to help people and you can't necessarily do that when you're tired, or you can't do that necessarily as well."
A recent University of Calgary study replaced the 24-hour shift with shorter rotating shifts for some residents, who reported they were less prone to make errors and they were better able to learn, among other advantages.
The shorter shifts have now been adopted by some U of C medicine departments and others are looking at changes as well.
"Many of our departments are looking at the hours and trying to modify how residents work in order to allow better patient safety, better resident wellness and physician wellness," said Dr. Maureen Topps, associate dean for post-graduate medical education.
WASHINGTON — The Knicks understand Enes Kanter isn't here to solve their defensive woes. He's an old-school, 6-foot-11, back-to-the-basket center and voracious offensive rebounder.
Defense hasn't been the new Knicks' strong suit and he even lost playing time in last season's playoffs with the Thunder because of that deficiency.
After the Knicks allowed 115 points in Tuesday's preseason loss to the Nets, they get back at it Friday against the powerhouse Wizards, trying to be stingier in their second outing with Kanter potentially starting in the pivot.
“We're not going to be the greatest defensive team to start out,'' coach Jeff Hornacek said. “Our makeup is a lot of offensive players. That's something we need to get them to work every day to improve.''
As the starting center battle rages on, Kanter may make his first start. He lost a lot of weight in the offseason — partly to get quicker on defense — but Hornacek is excited over what Kanter can bring, providing the Knicks an inside-outside game that was lacking last season when offensively challenged Joakim Noah manned the center position at the outset.
“Look at the NBA, you cannot give me three guys playing back-to-the-basket anymore,'' Kanter said. “The game is changing. But if you can play back-to-the-basket and have footwork, it's over. They send a double team, you can make the extra pass and that's it.''
Second-year man Willy Hernangomez showed flashes of solid post play last season, but Kanter, 25, is more advanced. The problem is neither are quick on defense. Even at age 32, Noah probably is their most effective defensive center, but he will miss the first 12 regular-season games because of a performance-enhancing drugs suspension. After sitting out the first exhibition game, Noah will debut Friday.
Hornacek, then the Jazz's shooting coach, saw Kanter at his worst as a rookie in 2011-12 with Utah.
“The game has slowed down for him — I think he's become better defensively on what teams are trying to do,'' Hornacek said. “He didn't play at Kentucky, [so] he was pretty raw his first year. Now he's been around the league. He's one of the best [true] centers in this league right now.''
The Knicks also like Kanter's toughness and spirit, though his flamboyance backfired last season when he angrily punched a chair and was lost for six weeks with a forearm fracture. When Kevin Durant returned to Oklahoma City for the first time with the Warriors last season, Kanter became the lone Thunder player to razz him.
“I've talked a lot of trash. I can't remember [what I said],'' Kanter said. “I don't hate that guy. I respect him. But whenever I'm on the court with him, I'll do everything to get in his mind.''
That's why the Oct. 19 regular-season opener at Oklahoma City could be a blast: with Carmelo Anthony facing the Knicks for the first time only part of the narrative.
“I've actually wondered too if Russell [Westbrook] will say hi to me or not,'' said Kanter, who played four seasons for the Thunder. “I hope they're not going to boo me. I like them. They liked me. That's different [with Durant]. I got traded. I didn't leave.''
Kanter spends most of his offseasons in New York for the culture and restaurants. He has lost 37 pounds since June, down to 235. But that came after putting on — as is his tradition — 20 pounds once the season ended. He finished last season at 250 pounds and ballooned to 273 by June.
“I feel better now, feel more energy, moving faster,'' Kanter said. “It's my thing. I gain 20 pounds and then lose it.
“When I lose weight, I got to not eat Turkish food: a lot of gyros, beef, bread. It's too greasy. If you eat that before a game you'll throw up. I tried it one time and it's a bad feeling.”
Fish and salads were Kanter's steady diet as he trimmed down to a new NBA low for this season — not realizing it was for the Knicks.
“I don't lose strength,'' Kanter said. “It takes pressure off my knees and back.''
Having played in a host of Anthony's pickup games at his Manhattan gym this summer, Kanter got familiar with several Knicks.
“I played with most of these guys in the summer, so I think I'm fitting in pretty well,'' Kanter said.
Ever since Google's uniformed UI redesign over all its products, its level of professionalism has gone up considerably. However the redesign might now get some minor but very noticeable UI and UX changes. Google's Creative Labs has been working with a number of UI and UX specialists and has come up with a new, even more refined and uniformed experience. And it simply looks awesome. I really love how minimalism is key here, just giving you all the information you really need. With lots of white space and spacing between text, buttons, icons and so on, makes everything look a lot cleaner and simpler.
ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching! Visit Website
Sorry there are no high res images. This is I'm guessing because Google doesn't want to release the original high res images of the work.
ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching! Visit Website
ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching! Visit Website
source
This is the primary school where more than half of its pupils do not speak English at home.
More than 40 different languages are spoken by students at Claremont Primary School in Nottingham which has seen its intake blow up over the last four years.
And because of its diversity, headteacher Andrew Gallagher has introduced an ‘inclusion team' to spot signs of racism.
More than 40 different languages are spoken by students at Claremont Primary School in Nottingham
He has even asked teachers not to use the term ‘British' to reduce the chances of upsetting migrant families.
He told the Sun: ‘We teach British values but we prefer to call them “human values” — we don't want to be elitist.
‘Being British is more than London cabs and fish and chips.'
International pupils at the school are given intensive English language tuition for two weeks and then sent into classrooms - where they are paired up with another pupil to help them overcome language barriers.
Although the school has been rated 'good' by Ofsted and its results have reached the national average – 80 percent are hitting Level 4 and above – not everyone is pleased.
One father told the Sun he feels his daughter cannot speak up in class and worries the school will ‘get worse'.
In four years the school's intake has increased dramatically, from 360 children to 446. In 1992, white British students accommodated for half of the school.
But now the school has a wide mix of nationalities - just 15 percent of the kids are white British while eastern European pupils make up 18 percent of the classes.
The school has been rated 'good' by Ofsted and its results have reached the national average – 80 percent are hitting Level 4 and above (file photo)
Newsletters are even translated into Romanian and Polish to accommodate for its growing international population.
And translators are now brought in for parent evenings to help teachers effectively communicate.
But Mr Gallagher - who admits he has not previously heard of some of the languages spoken by students - insists the varying nationalities do not hinder teaching and learning.
MOSCOW — Russia on Monday said one of its warplanes had briefly entered Turkish airspace during raids in Syria at the weekend due to bad weather, after the incident sparked concern in Ankara and the West.
The defence ministry in Moscow said measures had been taken to prevent a repeat of such incidents in the future.
"This incident is a result of unfavorable weather conditions," the Russian defence ministry said in a statement.
"There is no need to look for some conspiracy theories."
Turkey said the Russian aircraft exited its airspace after it was intercepted by two Turkish F-16 fighter jets.
Moscow said that a Russian Su-30 warplane entered Turkish airspace for "several seconds" on Saturday as it sought to return to Syria's Hmeimim air base after carrying out raids against Islamic State militants.
"The Hmeimim air base is located some 30 kilometers from the Syrian-Turkish border," the ministry said, adding that warplanes approach the airfield from the north under certain weather conditions.
Commanders of Russia's air forces, which are carrying out the Syria raids, analyzed the incident and had taken "necessary measures to prevent a repeat of such incidents in the future."
× Fear of missing out? Fear no longer. Be the first to hear about breaking news, as it happens. You'll get alerts delivered directly to your inbox each time something noteworthy happens in the Military community. Thanks for signing up. By giving us your email, you are opting in to our Newsletter: Sign up for our Early Bird Brief
On Sunday, the Russian military had sent necessary explanations to Ankara via its embassy in Moscow, the defence ministry said.
The Turkish army also said that two Turkish jets were harassed by an unidentified Mig-29 fighter jet on the Syrian border Sunday.
But the Russian defence ministry said Moscow had nothing to do with that incident.
"There are no planes of this type at the Hmeimim air base," it said.
Earlier Monday NATO member Turkey warned Russia against violating its airspace during raids in Syria and NATO condemned the "extreme danger" of such intrusions.
This was not accidental:
Maybe, facing the combined power of Disney and Christmas, orchestra conductor Giacomo Loprieno should have just let it go. At the end of a musical adaptation of the children's movie “Frozen,” Loprieno stood up after the last notes had died away, with an urge to convey to his young audience an unpalatable truth. “Santa Claus doesn't exist,” he said. Stunned parents who had taken their kids to the event in Rome on Thursday took to social media to express their fury, the press reported on Saturday.
The narcissist loves the “WHoops… I accidentally say something that screwed everything up for you?” It is an r-strategist urge to take shots at people and degrade their happiness, while avoiding all consequences by pretending it is innocent and accidental.
This was not an accident. This was a narcissist seeing lots of little kids and young parents happy, and it irritated him so much that he had to take some action to fix the situation, and make everyone as unhappy as he is. It would not surprise me if he had some sort of triggering event that irritated him and set his amygdala in high gear earlier in the day.
Now think about that psychology, and picture the leftists of the EU leadership, filling happy Europe with the Muslims and migrants which will bankrupt the states and devolve the entire continent into a violent mess. It is the exact same psychology – it just has far greater power, and a greater ability to plan.
Narcissists are the scourge of the planet, and they are no different than leftists.
Help r/K theory spread, because we need fewer narcissists in power
On the evening of March 31st, Elon Musk unveiled Tesla's sinuous Model 3, the company's first “affordable” electric-car model. After touting the sedan's punchy acceleration, two-hundred-and-fifteen-mile battery range, and sweeping, seamless glass roof, he mentioned its base price of thirty-five thousand dollars and told the audience that prospective buyers had already reserved more than a hundred and fifteen thousand of the vehicles, to rapturous applause and shouts of “You did it!” Not one to miss a marketing trick, Musk capped the night on Twitter, with a cryptic thank-you message that promised more: “Thanks for tuning in to the Model 3 unveil Part 1! Part 2 is super next level, but that's for later . . . .”
Within hours, the tech community was awash in speculation about what more Tesla could have in store for the Model 3. Some wondered, specifically, whether it would be the world's first mass-market, fully autonomous self-driving car. Spurred forward by Google and other Silicon Valley companies, the auto industry has been tinkering with autonomous vehicles for years. Tesla has demonstrated a unique appetite for risk, though, by equipping two of its cars, the Model S and Model X, with rudimentary self-driving capabilities. Musk has also said that people should be able to summon their cars from across the country by the beginning of 2018, which happens to coincide with the Model 3's planned release date. And, after the announcement, Bloomberg's Tom Randall noted that Musk kept referring to the Model 3's “steering system” or “steering controls,” rather than its steering wheel, and that he'd said that the system shown at the Model 3 launch wasn't final. But perhaps the most compelling evidence that Tesla's Model 3 may have significant autonomous capabilities lies in the company's unique technological approach, which could allow it to achieve a “hands off” driving experience at a fraction of the cost of its competitors—including Google, the heavyweight in the field. (A disclosure: one of the authors, Levi Tillemann, owns stock in Tesla.)
To understand why Tesla's strategy may give it a decisive advantage, it helps to know the history of its main competitor's approach. As Burkhard Bilger detailed in this magazine in 2013, the research began with a small group of Bay Area roboticists, led by Google's Anthony Levandowski and Sebastian Thrun, who bought a Prius, rejiggered its electronic controls, and installed a laser-based system, known as lidar (for light detection and ranging), that measures the physical distance between the car and the objects around it. At first, they worked on the vehicle as a side project. But then Google brought the endeavor in-house and gave it a basically unlimited budget.
There's a very good reason Google and other manufacturers have bet on lidar: by repeatedly firing pulses of laser light in all directions and timing their return, lidar can create a precise three-dimensional map of the car's surroundings, accurate down to a couple of centimetres. This precision allowed the Google car to progress much faster than most people expected. (Google demonstrated these advances in a 2012 YouTube video featuring Steve Mahan, who is legally blind, as he went about his daily routine in an autonomous Google car.)
But while much of the tech community marvelled at Google's achievement, Musk thought that lidar was too expensive. (A top-notch system costs about eighty thousand dollars.) He believed that Tesla could get the same results with a cheaper suite of sensors. Musk first revealed that Tesla was considering adding autonomous-driving features in 2013. Tesla's ultimate strategy was to bypass lidar with a combination of simple cameras, radar (which uses radio waves to estimate distances to objects that are farther away), and ultrasound (which uses sound waves to estimate the distance to objects in the immediate vicinity). The cameras, which aren't much different from the ones used in smartphones, produce a video stream that is then analyzed by algorithms trained to recognize objects. Tesla's key partner for the camera system is Mobileye, an Israeli computer-vision company which claims that its software can detect vehicles up to two hundred and thirty feet away using a single standard-resolution camera—all while adding only a thousand dollars to the price of a car.
In October of 2014, Tesla began offering its Model S and X customers a “technology package,” which included this sensor array and cost about four thousand dollars. The equipment allowed the company to record drivers' movements, unless they opted out of the tracking, and—most important—to start amassing an enormous trove of data. A year later, it remotely activated its “Autopilot” software on tens of thousands of these cars. Suddenly, drivers had the ability to engage some limited autonomous functions, including dynamic cruise control (pegging your car's speed to the speed of the car in front of you), course alignment inside highway lanes, and on-command lane-changing. Some drivers were unnerved by the Autopilot functions, and cars occasionally swerved or drove off the road. But many of Tesla's tech-tolerant early adopters relished the new features.
Autopilot also gave Tesla access to tens of thousands of “expert trainers,” as Musk called them. When these de-facto test drivers overrode the system, Tesla's sensors and learning algorithms took special note. The company has used its growing data set to continually improve the autonomous-driving experience for Tesla's entire fleet. By late 2015, Tesla was gathering about a million miles' worth of driving data every day.
To understand how commanding a lead this gives the company in the race for real-world autonomous-driving data, consider the comparably small number of lidar-based autonomous vehicles—all of them test cars—that some of its competitors have on the road. California, where much of the research on self-driving cars is taking place, requires companies to register their autonomous vehicles, so we know that currently Nissan has just four such cars on the road in the state, while Mercedes has five. Google has almost eighty registered in the state (though not all of them are in service); it is also doing limited testing in Arizona, Texas, and Washington. Ford announced earlier this year that it was adding twenty new cars to its test fleet, giving it thirty vehicles on the road in Arizona, California, and Michigan, which it says is the largest fleet of any traditional automaker. By comparison, Tesla has sold roughly thirty-five thousand cars in the U.S. since October of 2014. The quality of the data that these vehicles are producing is unlikely to be as rich as the information the lidar cars are providing, but Tesla's vastly superior fleet size means that its autonomous cars can rack up as much driving experience every day or two as Google's cars have cumulatively.
With its approach, Tesla has been making a classic information-age wager: that software and processing can beat hardware. Lidar systems will no doubt continue to get cheaper: in February, Velodyne, the world's preëminent civilian lidar company, announced the release of a pared-down system costing about eight thousand dollars. But, even so, it will take time for suppliers to ramp up production to the point that carmakers can reliably buy lidar devices at a lower cost and deploy them widely. Software, by contrast, can be improved cheaply and continually, and can be updated remotely in an entire fleet of vehicles overnights. The genius of this system is that Tesla doesn't have to decide up front whether the Model 3 will be self-driving—it can just install the necessary hardware and make the cars autonomous at a later date.
This could prove particularly important given the profound regulatory and liability challenges that lie ahead for any company looking to create a fully autonomous car. The U.S. Department of Transportation classifies autonomous vehicles on a scale of zero (no autonomous functions) to four (no driver necessary). For both regulatory and technological reasons, Musk's fantasy of drivers fetching their autonomous cars from across the country by 2018 seems unlikely. Much less far-fetched is the idea that the Model 3 will be capable of full autonomy, but in limited settings—which would make it a level-three vehicle under the federal system.
Such a car would require some degree of monitoring by a driver, but under the right conditions—say, highway driving—it would allow people to mostly disengage from the task of driving in order to read, check e-mail, or watch a movie. (Some Model S drivers report being able to do so already, though from a safety standpoint they really shouldn't.) Fully autonomous highway driving would only be an interstitial step for city dwellers, but it would be very popular with suburban commuters—and it will be a major technological coup if Tesla beats Google, Nissan, and GM in the race to deliver. That said, from a commercial standpoint, the Model 3 is poised for massive success, regardless: more than three hundred and twenty-five thousand consumers have now placed deposits, amounting to fourteen billion dollars in potential sales. Autonomous or not, delivering that volume of vehicles on time, on budget, and on spec will be a challenge unto itself.
0
It's no fun coming to learn that your significant other has bad habits, a temper or family drama, but Evan's (Lou Taylor Pucci) situation in Spring is above and beyond unnecessary spats and not doing the dishes. While backpacking along the Italian coast, Evan meets Louise (Nadia Hilker) and the two share an instant connection. However, as their romance intensifies, Evan also comes to realize that something isn't quite right with the woman he thinks could be the love of his life. Turns out, Louise has a serious condition and it could put both their lives at risk.
Spring's made its way to quite a few notable film festivals including Fantastic Fest, Sitges and the Toronto International Film Festival, but now Drafthouse Films and FilmBuff are gearing up to share it with the public. In honor of Spring's March 20th theatrical and VOD debut, we've got the opportunity to premiere an eerie new trailer for the film. It's an especially powerful piece, one that takes the time to let you come to know and like the characters before teasing the more horrific elements of the experience. You can find out what Evan is dealing with in our exclusive Spring trailer below.
Here's the official synopsis for Spring:
Before the mid-1970s, debtors were able to get rid of student loans in bankruptcy court just as they could credit card debt or auto loans . But after scattered reports of new doctors and lawyers filing for bankruptcy and wiping away their student debt, resentful members of Congress changed the law in 1976.
In an effort to protect the taxpayer money that is on the line every time a student or parent signs for a new federal loan, Congress toughened the law again in 1990 and again in 1998. In 2005, for-profit companies that lend money to students persuaded Congress to extend the same rules to their private loans.
Photo
But with each change, lawmakers never defined what debtors had to do to prove that their financial hardship was “undue.” Instead, federal bankruptcy judges have spent years struggling to do it themselves.
Most have settled on something called the Brunner test, named after a case that laid out a three-pronged standard for judges to use when determining whether they should discharge someone's student loan debt. It calls on judges to examine whether debtors have made a good-faith effort to repay their debt by trying to find a job, earning as much as they can and minimizing expenses. Then comes an examination of a debtor's budget, with an allowance for a “minimal” standard of living that generally does not allow for much beyond basics like food, shelter and health insurance , and some inexpensive recreation.
The third prong, which looks at a debtor's future prospects during the loan repayment period, has proved to be especially squirm-inducing for bankruptcy judges because it puts them in the prediction business. This has only been complicated by the fact that many federal judicial circuits have established the “certainty of hopelessness” test that Mr. Wallace must pass in Ohio.
Lawyers sometimes joke about the impossibility of getting over this high bar, even as they stand in front of judges. “What I say to the judge is that as long as we've got a lottery, there is no certainty of hopelessness,” said William Brewer Jr., a bankruptcy attorney in Raleigh , N.C. “They smile, and then they rule against you.”
Debtors themselves struggle with testifying in their undue hardship cases. Carol Kenner, who spent 18 years working as a federal bankruptcy judge in Massachusetts before becoming a lawyer for the National Consumer Law Center, said that one particular case stuck in her mind.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
The debtor had a history of hospitalization for mental illness but testified that she did not suffer from depression at all. “She was so mortified about the desperation of her situation that she was committing perjury on the stand,” Ms. Kenner said. “It just blew me away. That's the craziness that this system brings us to.”
Debtors also stretch the truth in other directions. In 2008, a federal bankruptcy judge in the Northern District of Georgia expressed barely disguised disgust in deciding a case involving a 32-year-old, Mercedes-driving federal public defender with degrees from Yale and Georgetown. With nearly $114,000 in total household income, the woman's financial situation was far from hopeless, despite her $172,000 in student loan debt.
Photo
No one keeps track of how many people bring undue hardship cases each year, but it appears to be under 1,000, far less than the number of people failing to make their student loan payments. In its most recent snapshot of student loan defaults, the Department of Education reported that among the more than 3.6 million borrowers who entered repayment from Oct. 1, 2008, to Sept. 30, 2009, more than 320,000 had fallen behind in their payments by 360 days or more by the end of September 2010. About 10.3 million students and their parents borrowed money under the federal student loan program during the 2010-11 school year.
One reason so few people try to discharge their debt may be that such cases require an entirely separate legal process from the normal bankruptcy proceeding. In addition, those who may qualify generally lack the money to hire a lawyer or the pluck to file a suit without one.
Nor is the process quick, since the lender or the federal government often appeals when it loses. And even if clients can pay for legal assistance, some lawyers want nothing to do with undue hardship cases. That's the approach Steven Stanton, a bankruptcy lawyer in Granite City, Ill., settled on after trying to help David Whitener, a visually impaired man who was receiving Social Security disability checks. The judge was not ready to declare him hopeless and gave him a two-year “window of opportunity” to recover from his financial situation, saying he believed that Mr. Whitener had the potential to obtain “meaningful” employment.
Mr. Stanton did not see it that way. “It's the last one I've ever done, because I was just so horrified,” he said. “I didn't even have the client pay me. In all of the cases in 30 years of bankruptcy work, I came away with about the worst taste in my mouth that I've ever had.”
Those who do go to court face the daunting task of arguing against opponents who specialize in beating back the bankrupt.
They will often square off against Educational Credit Management Corporation, a so-called guaranty agency sanctioned by the government to handle a variety of loan-related legal tasks, from certifying students who are eligible for loans to fighting them when they try to discharge the loans in bankruptcy court.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
On its Web site, the agency paints a picture of how much of a long shot an undue hardship claim is, noting that people “rarely” succeed in discharging student loan debt.
Photo
Some academic researchers have come to a different conclusion, however. Rafael Pardo, a professor at the Emory University School of Law, and Michelle Lacey, a math professor at Tulane University , examined 115 legal filings from the western half of Washington State . They found that 57 percent of bankrupt debtors who initiated an undue hardship adversary proceeding were able to get some or all of their loans discharged.
Jason Iuliano, a Harvard Law School graduate who is now in a Ph.D. program in politics at Princeton , examined 207 proceedings that unfolded across the country. He found that 39 percent received full or partial discharges.
His assessment of E.C.M.C.'s view of the rarity of success? “I think that's wrong,” he said. While his sample size was small and he agrees that it's not easy to prove undue hardship and personal hopelessness, his assessment of bankruptcy data suggests that as many as 69,000 more people each year ought to try to make a case. And they don't necessarily need to pay lawyers to argue for them, as he found no statistical difference between the outcomes of people who hired lawyers and those who represented themselves.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
Dan Fisher, E.C.M.C.'s general counsel, said it had no opinion on whether more borrowers should try to make undue hardship claims. As for the “rarely” language on its Web site, he said the company stood by its assertion that it was uncommon for an undue hardship lawsuit to end in a judgment discharging the loans in its portfolio.
Sometimes, getting any judgment is a challenge, as judges may delay a decision if the case seems too close to call or there is a possibility that the facts may change reasonably soon.
Radoje Vujovic, a North Carolina consumer bankruptcy lawyer, for instance, had more than $280,000 in student loan debt and just $23,000 in annual income.
When Judge A. Thomas Small, a federal bankruptcy judge in the eastern district of North Carolina, examined the case in 2008, he decided to wait two years before rendering final judgment, given that Mr. Vujovic thought his law practice might grow. “Must the cost of hope be permanent denial of discharge of debt?” Judge Small asked in his written opinion. “The answer to that question cannot be an unequivocal ‘yes.' Hope is not enough to end the inquiry and, ironically, permanently tip the scales against a struggling debtor.”
Video
The Department of Education, unhappy with the two-year delay, appealed before the period was up and persuaded a higher court to overturn the ruling. “I would stand by my decision,” Judge Small, who is now retired, said in an interview. “If you're forced to make that decision, all you have is speculation, and speculation is really not good enough to overcome the burden of proof.”
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Getting judges out of the speculation business, however, would require a new law or an entirely new standard, possibly from the United States Supreme Court . Neither appears likely anytime soon.
In the meantime, Doug Wallace, the blind man in Ohio, is nearing the end of his long wait for a ruling.
In December 2010, C. Kathryn Preston, a federal bankruptcy judge in the southern district of Ohio, tried to assess Mr. Wallace's hopelessness by pointing to expert testimony that blindness does not necessarily lead to an inability to ever work again. But she also noted that because he lived in a rural area, he faced significant transportation obstacles. So she set a new court date for Sept. 5, to give him “additional time to adjust to his situation.”
The question for Mr. Wallace then became what sort of adjustments he was supposed to make aside from a court-ordered $20 monthly loan payment. His routine has not changed much. Aside from hernia surgery a few months ago, his days consist of sitting close to the television (he can just make it out through one eye that still has a bit of vision) and regular trips to the gym with his father. His college diploma hangs on the living room wall, and at night he sleeps underneath it on the couch of the rental house he shares with his father and sister.
Mr. Wallace's sister, a community college student, is sometimes around during the day while his father works at a Honda factory. There are few visitors. “I've got friends around here, I'm sure, but they've got lives for themselves,” he said. “So I don't really bother them.”
The judge did not explicitly order him to move closer to a training center, and his lawyer, Matt Thompson, said that doing so would set him up for certain failure. “I don't think there is anyplace he could go in central Ohio and live on $840 a month,” he said.
Logistics aside, Mr. Wallace said that it was hard to imagine his overall situation ever improving and wondered who would hire a blind man in this economic environment.
“Do I think I'm hopeless?” he said. “Well, yeah, I mean, by looking at it you would think I am hopeless. Like it won't get better for me.”
Can your pet be allergic to humans ?
28 July 2015 Posted by: Mia Rozenbaum Category: Research & medical benefits
Allergies to pets are the second most important cause of allergies in UK home according to the charity Allergy UK. Half of asthmatic children are allergic to cats and 40% allergic to dogs. But the converse is also true - just like people, pets can also show allergic symptoms and can even be allergic to humans. Although rarely life threatening, allergies in pets cause discomfort and distress.
Just like people, dogs and cats can show allergic symptoms when their immune systems begin to recognise certain everyday substances – or allergens – as dangerous. Even though these allergens are common in most environments and harmless to most animals, pets with allergies will have an extreme reaction to them. Allergens can be problematic when inhaled, ingested or in contact with the pet's skin. As the body tries to rid itself of these substances, a variety of skin, digestive and respiratory symptoms may appear.
Pets can be allergic to humans, among others
There are three main types of allergies that affect your cats and dogs, food allergies, allergies to flea bites and environmental allergies.
Adverse reactions to food affect less than 10% of all cats and dogs and can show up at any age. When they are allergic to food, cats are mostly allergic to beef, dairy, chicken or fish (totalling to 80% of all cases) and dogs are allergic to beef, dairy wheat, lamb, chicken, chicken eggs or soy (93% of the cases).
Flea Allergy Dermatitis (flea- bite hypersensitivity) is an allergic skin reaction to flea saliva that rarely happens before the age of six months in pets. The saliva causes irritations way out of proportion to the actual numbers of fleas on the pet.
Environmental allergies can be provoked by outdoor allergens such as grass or pollen or indoor ones like mold, dust mites or fabrics. Environmental allergies can be genetically inherited. Some pets even go on to develop asthma, also known as allergic bronchitis. House pets have long been blamed for breathing problems in humans, but the problem goes both way, since humans – more specifically, human dandruff – can also trigger asthma attacks in both cats and dogs.
Asthma tends to be more common in cats than dogs - Feline asthma isn't new, it was first described more than 90 years ago. Asthma is an inflammation of the airways that is caused by an allergic reaction. It results in an obstruction of the airways when the bronchi fill up with mucus and go into spasm. Most of the time asthma is a mild disease but it can in some cases cause collapsed lungs and rib fracture due to difficulty in breathing.
Keeping the allergies under control
Recent advances in the treatment of human asthma are helping sick pets. “We now do exactly what we do for infants and children”, explains Dr Padrid, veterinarian for the Family Pet Animal Hospital in Chicago. Inhaled anti-inflammatory medication similar to human inhalers can be delivered to pets through an aerosol chamber with a facemask.
Some research in the field of human asthma has also been transferrable to felines. The work suggested in humans a link between bacterial infections and the worsening of asthmatic symptoms. The same bacteria were then later found in 1/5 of all lung fluid samples taken from asthmatic cats.
Like allergies in humans, affected pets tend to become more sensitive as time goes by. Today prognosis for the control of the disease is excellent, with most pets living happy and normal lives. Although there is no cure for allergies for now, medication such as allergy injections, antihistamines or even cortisone, can be used to sooth the symptoms of the disease.
But overall, the best way to keep your animal from developing the symptoms is identifying the allergens and making sure your pets stays as far away as possible from them, be they fleas or chicken wings.
REFERENCES
1. https://www.canadianveterinarians.net/documents/food-allergies-in-pets
2. https://www.canadianveterinarians.net/documents/pets-can-become-allergic-to-flea-bites
3. https://www.canadianveterinarians.net/documents/animals-can-suffer-from-asthma
4. http://www.nhs.uk/Livewell/Allergies/Pages/pet-hygiene.aspx
5. http://pets.webmd.com/dogs/allergies-dogs
6. http://healthypets.mercola.com/sites/healthypets/archive/2011/09/15/help-your-dog-overcome-these-common-allergies.aspx
7. http://news.nationalgeographic.com/news/2005/10/1025_051025_cat_asthma.html
8. http://dogs.about.com/od/caninediseases/fl/Can-Dogs-Be-Allergic-to-People.htm
"I don't really understand [why pairs skating isn't more popular], because I think pairs is dynamic and highly dangerous sport and the public loves that," Halasa said. "These are amazing incredibly beautiful skaters."
Another factor is that the U.S. doesn't have a strong tradition of pairs skaters compared to countries like Russia and China. And America likes winners. Changing that will have to mean changing the way pairs skating has been approached in the U.S.
"In our country, most of the pairs skaters are failed singles skaters and it's considered a lesser discipline," Lease said. "Whereas Russia has had a strong history and tradition ... In China, their pairs skaters are their best skaters," he added, explaining that we need to value and study pairs skating to produce better teams.
That said, just because the best teams in the world right now aren't American or Moseley and Dorsey, doesn't mean that we should ignore the sport or these splendid pairs. Here's who to keep an eye out for:
The Perfectionists: Russia's Tatiana Volosozhar and Maxim Trankov
Tatiana and Max have taken the lead after the short program and hold around a 5-point advantage going into the free skate. "They perform high-risk elements with ease and perform with a poise that makes you believe they've skated together all their lives," Morgan said. He noted that they've won almost every event they've entered this year.
What to watch for: Their perfection. "They have lines that match perfectly," Lease explained, noting that Tatiana and Max's moves are textbook. "That old crotchety piano teacher you had would love them." Lease also explained that this perfection cuts against their maybe-odd music choice. "They have this weird mash-up of 'Jesus Christ Superstar,'" he said. Adding: "You have to appreciate anyone who wears a fake mustache."
The Competitors: Germany's Aliona Savchenko and Robin Szolkowy
Savchenko and Szolkowy are four-time world champions and are Volosozhar and Trankov's biggest rivals. They don't have the perfect lines and OCD-like unison that the Russian pair has, but they have excitement and big tricks on their side.
What to watch for: Savchenko's competitive spirit. Savchenko does not like to lose, and she is the fiercest competitor in the game. "Those eyes," Lease said, referring to a look Savchenko shoots "where you know she is going to land it. And if her partner misses, he will see her for his life afterward." Savchenko is so committed to winning that she wore a hot pink bodysuit in her short program. That type of spirit cannot be underestimated.
With Savchenko determined to land everything, it makes sense that this team has the capability to perform big tricks like the throw triple axel, one of the hardest throws in the sport Morgan says.
The Darkhorses
While there seems to be a consensus when it comes to the top two teams, there is no odds-on favorite for the bronze medal. Lease's money is on the other Russian team, Stolbova and Klimov, who are consistent and a little quirky. "They have a free skate to the Addams family," he told me over the phone. I imagine if Lease had told me face-to-face there'd be a smirky grin and an eyebrow raise accompanying that comment. He also likes the experienced Chinese team, Qing Pang and Jian Tong.
Morgan believes that the American team of Marissa Castelli and Simon Shnapir have a good chance as any of sneaking into the third spot. "They are currently in 9th place. However, they are around 7 points away from the top teams, which is possible to make up in the free skate. They are planning to do a throw quad salchow, even harder than the Germans' throw triple axel," Morgan said. "However, more than just their throws, they have an amazing James Bond program that could win big. I'll be rooting for them in the long."
This is the second image I've done for an upcoming RPG forum. This particular dragoness is named "Talitha", and from what I understood from the client's e-mails she's going to be a featured character/NPC in the game. She is the daughter of a water dragon and is nearly god-like.The client requested that the pose and general appearance of the character be copied from a picture that I did back in 2003. It's flattering that someone actually remembers pictures I've done from back then, but my style has changed a lot since then and this isn't the type of pose that I'd normally do nowadays.Since I've had a few people contacting me and asking about the particular RPG forum, it won't be ready until about this time next year... and it will be in German. The client did tell me that he'd give me the web address when it's ready and there may possibly be an English version sometime in the future.Other Pictures done for this particular RPG forum:Image © 2011 Traci Vermeesch-Vezina
Police are searching for two men who robbed nine victims throughout Elmhurst since last month, kicking and punching them and even threatening a victim with a knife.
The suspects, described as Hispanic men who are between the ages of 17 and 21 years old, between 5 feet, 9 inches and 6 feet, 1 inch tall with a slim build, began their spree on Jan. 28. They robbed four victims that day, who ranged in age from 19 to 49.
Law enforcement sources said the robberies occurred between the hours of 9 p.m. at night and 5 a.m. In almost every instance, authorities said, the men stole cash, cellphones and wallets. The men also stole a 26-year-old victim's sneakers and jacket. He, along with a victim who was robbed on Feb. 8, were taken to Elmhurst Hospital in stable condition.
A full list of the incidents is as follows:
On Saturday, Jan. 28, at 1:05 a.m., the individuals robbed a 49-year-old male victim at 91-31 Lamont Ave. On Saturday, Jan. 28 at 1:10 a.m., the suspects robbed a 19-year-old Gleane Street and Elmhurst Avenue. The victim was not injured as a result of this incident. On Saturday, Jan. 28 at 3:30 a.m., the suspects robbed a 26-year-old male victim in the vicinity of 43rd Avenue and Elbertson Street. He was pushed and kicked several times in the back and was taken to Elmhurst Hospital in stable condition. On Saturday, Jan. 28 at 5 a.m., the suspects robbed a a 38-year-old male victim in the vicinity of Elmhurst Avenue and Elbertson Street. The victim was not injured as a result of this incident. On Sunday, Feb. 5, at 10:10 p.m., the men robbed a 27-year-old male victim at the intersection of Elmhurst Avenue and Ithaca Street. The victim was not hospitalized as a result of this incident. On Wednesday, Feb. 8, at 2:45 a.m., the suspects robbed a a 29-year-old male at the intersection of Whitney Avenue and Forley Street. He was punched in the face and knocked to the ground during the robbery and taken to Elmhurst Hospital in stable condition. On Friday, Feb. 10, at 9 p.m., the men robbed a 41-year-old male victim in front of 74-02 43rd Ave. The victim was not injured as a result of this incident. On Friday, Feb. 10, at 9:10 p.m., in front of 87-42 Elmhurst Ave., the men robbed a 30-year-old male. The victim was not injured as a result of this incident. On Saturday, Feb. 18, at 12:55 a.m., in front of 44-40 Denman St., the suspects robbed a 28-year-old male. The victim was not hospitalized as a result of this incident.
The robberies were reported to the 110th Precinct. The investigation is ongoing.
Anyone with information in regards to this missing is asked to call the NYPD's Crime Stoppers Hotline at 800-577-TIPS or for Spanish 888-57-PISTA (74782). The public can also submit their tips by logging onto the Crime Stoppers website or texting their tips to 274637 (CRIMES) then enter TIP577. All calls and messages are kept confidential.
Dean Obeidallah, a former attorney, is the host of SiriusXM radio's daily program "The Dean Obeidallah Show" and a columnist for The Daily Beast. Follow him @deanofcomedy. The opinions expressed in this commentary are his.
In fact, one Trump supporter rushed the stage in Central Park on Friday night in an effort to stop the show -- claiming those behind the production have "blood on their hands because it contributes to the overall desensitization of violence." The play depicts the Trump lookalike being stabbed to death.
The protester documented her actions on Periscope.
After she was arrested, prominent Trump supporters tweeted their defense of this attempt to silence the play. Ironic to see this response, given that many on the right are so often outraged when college students interrupt or try to silence political views they don't agree with
In any event, the person who stormed the stage was far from the only one on Team Trump going after this production of Caesar. Trump's cheerleaders-in-chief Newt Gingrich and Sean Hannity also railed against the production, claiming it incites political violence.
But targeting this production of Caesar is the soul of hypocrisy. Where was this outrage in 2012 when a Minneapolis production of "Julius Caesar" starred a Barack Obama-lookalike as Caesar?
The conservative publication "The American Conservative" reviewed the play at the time, explaining in no uncertain terms that this Caesar was clearly intended to be Obama while praising the production as "riveting."
And where was the outrage in 2015 when the Trinity Repertory Company in Providence staged the headline-grabbing production of "Julius Caesar" that featured a middle-aged female Caesar wearing a pantsuit who was stabbed to death? Media outlets at the time, from NPR to reviewers, noted that this production was clearly intended to evoke Hillary Clinton.
We could possibly forgive this lack of consistency if the Trump supporters had at least called out their candidate when he explicitly called for and defended political violence on the campaign trail on various occasion s. Some of the most alarming examples include Trump's words after one of his fans beat up a protester, "I thought it was very, very appropriate." Trump shockingly added , "And that's what we need a little bit more of." At another event Trump reminisced about the "old days" where protesters would "be carried out on a stretcher."
Candidate Trump even offered to provide legal fees if his supporters would attack people in his name, "If you see somebody getting ready to throw a tomato, knock the crap out of them, would you?" Trump added , "I promise you, I will pay for the legal fees. I promise."
Let's be blunt: Trump's words inciting his crowd to beat up protesters and then publicly defending their actions was, and remains, far more dangerous than any reinterpretation of a Shakespearean play. And to be clear, Shakespeare's intention with this classic play is not to make light of killing leaders but is actually a cautionary tale about "the costs of political violence." This is truly the opposite of Trump's own words on the campaign trial where he expressly called for political violence.
Yet can you recall Trump supporters protesting his incitement of political violence and streaming their protest on social media? I can't. But I can recall them cheering and actually attacking people in response to his words.
In fact, there's a federal lawsuit currently pending against Trump and his campaign by protesters injured by Trump supporters at a Kentucky campaign rally after Trump yelled, "Get 'em out of here." Just two months ago a federal judge ruled the lawsuit could proceed, noting that Trump's words -- "Get 'em out of here" -- "at least implicitly encouraged the use of violence or lawless action."
And if Trump supporters were sincerely upset by those who employ violent imagery in a political context, they should've been screaming in April when Ted Nugent visited the White House. After all, in 2016, Nugent declared that Barack Obama and Hillary Clinton "should be tried for treason & hung."
Nugent also called Obama "a piece of s***" and declared that the then-President should "suck on my machine gun."
Follow CNN Opinion Join us on Twitter and Facebook
But not a word from these Trump supporters about Nugent's despicable violent imagery. At least Nugent belatedly seems to get it ; he announced after the horrific shooting of Congressman Steve Scalise earlier this week that he would no longer use such "harsh" terms, saying, "we have got to be civil to each other."
If Trump supporters are really worried about political violence, they should begin by urging the President to admit that his actions and words on the campaign trail were destructive and wrong. Anything less sends a message that those who support him are more concerned with shutting down a play because they oppose its content than with reducing political violence in America.
UPDATE (6/22): Kansas City, Kansas, police have found the stolen van.
----
ORIGINAL STORY
Thieves stooped to a new low on Monday when they stole a meal delivery vehicle that belonged to the Don Bosco Center.
Anne Miller blames the heat. The Senior Center director for the Don Bosco Center in KC's Columbus Park said one of her delivery drivers left a 2009 white HHR running while he dropped off a meal near 14th and Ewing. He wanted to keep the air conditioning going.
“He just ran up the stairs to hand the meal to the little elderly lady who lives there,” Miller said. “And of all days, the lady said, ‘My leg is bothering me, I don't feel good, can you put [the meal] in the refrigerator?'"
Police believe the car is still in the neighborhood.
The delivery driver was back out on Tuesday and spotted it near 12th and Ewing and again near Independence Avenue.
Miller said the white HHR is hard to miss for two reasons.
“Last week, when he was driving down the street delivering a meal, where he has gone for years, someone professional was cutting a tree down and it fell across the road, landed on the hood of his vehicle,” she explained.
The delivery driver noticed the thieves also doctored the HHR's logo, covering it with spray paint.
Losing the car is a huge setback for the nonprofit.
“When something like this happens, I know it just puts a huge strain on what they can do and what they want to do to help people in the community,” said Ann Van Zee, who lives near the Don Bosco Center and works for another KC nonprofit.
The HHR is white and has Missouri plates WF3Y9U. Please call the KCPD TIPS hotline 816-474-8477 with any information.
------
Lexi Sutter can be reached at lexi.sutter@kshb.com.
Follow her on Twitter:
Follow @LexiSutterTV
Connect on Facebook:
Astronomers have found the coolest star – temperature-wise, that is – although some would argue it should not be called a star. It is approximately 40 light-years away, in the direction of the constellation Lyra the Harp.
Using data from the WISE satellite, scientists located a Y-class brown dwarf star with a temperature of 80 degrees Fahrenheit (25 degrees Celsius). In other words, although we think of stars as blazing hot, this star is cooler than the human body. Or as Geekologie said:
Astronomers discover an 80-degree star: that's shorts and T-shirt weather!
And so it is.
The coolest star, called WISE 1828+2650, was one of six Y-dwarfs recently found by astronomers in their analysis of data collected by NASA's Wide-field Infrared Survey Explorer (WISE) satellite. Y-dwarfs are the coolest category of brown dwarf stars.
Davy Kirkpatrick is a WISE science team member at the Infrared Processing and Analysis Center at the California Institute of Technology in Pasadena, California. He said in a press release:
The brown dwarfs we were turning up before this discovery were more like the temperature of your oven. With the discovery of Y dwarfs, we've moved out of the kitchen and into the cooler parts of the house.
Brown dwarfs have been called “failed” stars. They lack the mass to start the nuclear reactions that make a star shine. So far, WISE scientists have found 100 brown dwarf stars and expect to find many more. Scientists hope to develop a deeper understanding of how stars form through the study of brown dwarfs.
Not only did they find the coolest star, but the astronomers are finding stars that are relatively close to our own solar system. One of the Y-dwarfs, WISE 1541-2250, was only nine light-years away. For comparison, the closest known star to our solar system is Proxima Centauri, at 4 light-years away. The other Y-dwarfs range from nine to 40 light-years away.
Michael Cushing, a WISE team member at NASA's Jet Propulsion Laboratory in Pasadena, California, said:
Finding brown dwarfs near our sun is like discovering there's a hidden house on your block that you didn't know about. It's thrilling to me to know we've got neighbors out there yet to be discovered. With WISE, we may even find a brown dwarf closer to us than our closest known star.
The WISE satellite, launched December 2009, imaged the sky through February 2011, using an infrared telescope. Some of the mission's objectives were to find the coolest and nearest stars and to look for near-Earth asteroids. By using infrared technology, WISE has been able to detect objects with temperature ranges between roughly minus 330 degrees Fahrenheit (minus 200 degrees Celsius) to 1300 degrees Fahrenheit (700 degrees Celsius). Infrared also allows detection of objects through dust clouds. In July 2011 astronomers using WISE data announced the discovery of Earth's own Trojan asteroid.
For now WISE 1828+2650 is the coolest star known. Scientists are sure to announce more discoveries from WISE data, possibly even the discovery of a cooler or nearer star.
New Nintendo 3DS comes with all kinds of advancements and new features, such as Amiibo support, and it's possible that another interesting feature could be on the way. According to some hackers that have been toying with the New Nintendo 3DS hardware, it has a video decoder that supports the H264 video format.
This is currently used for viewing HTML5 on the handheld, but it's also used for streaming between the console and GamePad of the Wii U, which means it's hypothetically possible for New Nintendo 3DS to stream Wii U games if Nintendo allows for that in the future. If that happens, a New Nintendo 3DS could be used in place of the GamePad, or even alongside it. Would you like to see this feature added in?
Source: Player Essence
Last updated at 15:40 11 October 2007
When the Turkish gendarmes came for Mugrditch Nazarian, they did not give him time to dress, but took him from his home in the dead of night in his pyjamas.
The year was 1915, and his wife, Varter, knew that she was unlikely to see her husband alive again. Armenian men like him were being rounded up and taken away. In the words of their persecutors, they were being "deported" - but not to an earthly place.
Varter never found out what fate her husband suffered. Some said he was shot, others that he was among the men held in jail, who suffered torture so unbearable that they poured the kerosene from prison lamps over their heads and turned themselves into human pyres as a release from the agony.
Heavily pregnant, Varter was ordered to join a death convoy marching women and children to desert concentration camps.
Scroll down for more ...
She survived the journey alone - her six children died along the way. The two youngest were thrown to their deaths down a mountainside by Turkish guards; the other four starved to death at the bottom of a well where they had hidden to escape.
Varter herself was abducted by a man who promised to save her - but raped her instead. Eventually, she was released to mourn her lost family, the victims of Europe's forgotten holocaust.
The killing of 1.5m Armenians by the Ottoman Turks during World War I remains one of the bloodiest and most contentious events of the 20th century, and has been called the first modern genocide.
In all, 25 concentration camps were set up in a systematic slaughter aimed at eradicating the Armenian people - classed as "vermin" by the Turks.
Winston Churchill described the massacres as an "administrative holocaust" and noted: "This crime was planned and executed for political reasons. The opportunity presented itself for clearing Turkish soil of a Christian race."
Chillingly, Adolf Hitler used the episode to justify the Nazi murder of six million Jews, saying in 1939: "Who, after all, speaks today of the annihilation of the Armenians?"
Yet, carried out under the cover of war, the Armenian genocide remains shrouded in mystery - not least because modern-day Turkey refuses to acknowledge the existence of its killing fields.
Now, new photographs of the horror have come to light. They come from the archives of the German Deutsche Bank, which was working in the region financing a railway network when the killing began.
Unearthed by award-winning war correspondent Robert Fisk, they were taken by employees of the bank to document the terror unfolding before them.
They show young men, crammed into cattle trucks, waiting to travel to their deaths. The Turks crowded 90 starving and terrified Armenians into each wagon, the same number the Nazis averaged in their transports to the death camps of Eastern Europe during the Jewish Holocaust.
Behind each grainy image lies a human tragedy. Destitute women and children stare past the camera, witness to untold savagery.
Almost all young women were raped according to Fisk, while older women were beaten to death - they did not merit the expense of a bullet. Babies were left by the side of the road to die.
Often, attractive young Armenian girls were sent to Turkish harems, where some lived in enforced prostitution until the mid-1920s.
Many other archive photographs testify to the sheer brutality suffered by the Armenians: children whose knee tendons were severed, a young woman who starved to death beside her two small children, and a Turkish official taunting starving Armenian children with a loaf of bread.
Eyewitness accounts are even more graphic. Foreign diplomats posted in the Ottoman Empire at the time told of the atrocities, but were powerless to act.
One described the concentration camps, saying: "As on the gates of Dante's Hell, the following should be written at the entrance of these accursed encampments: 'You who enter, leave all hopes.'"
So how exactly did the events of 1915-17 unfold? Just as Hitler wanted a Nazi-dominated world that would be Judenrein - cleansed of its Jews - so in 1914 the Ottoman Empire wanted to construct a Muslim empire that would stretch from Istanbul to Manchuria.
Armenia, an ancient Christian civilisation spreading out from the eastern end of the Black Sea, stood in its way.
At the turn of the 20th century, there were two million Christian Armenians living in the Ottoman Empire. Already, 200,000 had been killed in a series of pogroms - most of them brutally between 1894 and 1896.
In November 1914, the Ottoman Empire entered World War I against the Allies and launched a disastrous military campaign against Russian forces in the Caucasus. It blamed defeat on the Armenians, claiming they had colluded with the Russians.
A prominent Turkish writer at the time described the war as "the awaited day" when the Turks would exact "revenge, the horrors of which have not yet been recorded in history".
Through the final months of 1914, the Ottoman government put together a number of "Special Organisation" units, armed gangs consisting of thousands of convicts specifically released from prison for the purpose.
These killing squads of murderers and thieves were to perpetrate the greatest crimes in the genocide. They were the first state bureaucracy to implement mass killings for the purpose of race extermination. One army commander described them at the time as the "butchers of the human species".
On the night of April 24, 1915 - the anniversary of which is marked by Armenians around the world - the Ottoman government moved decisively, arresting 250 Armenian intellectuals. This was followed by the arrest of a further 2,000.
Scroll down for more ...
Some died from torture in custody, while many were executed in public places. The resistance poet, Daniel Varoujan, was found disembowelled, with his eyes gouged out.
One university professor was made to watch his colleagues have their fingernails and toenails pulled
out, before being blinded. He eventually lost his mind, and was let loose naked into the streets.
There were reports of crucifixions, at which the Turks would torment their victims: "Now let your Christ come and help you!"
Johannes Lepsius, a German pastor who tried to protect the Armenians, said: "The armed gangs saw their main task as raiding and looting Armenian villages. If the men escaped their grasp, they would rape the women."
So began a carefully orchestrated campaign to eradicate the Armenians. Throughout this period, Ottoman leaders deceived the world, orchestrating the slaughter using code words in official telegrams.
At later war crimes trials, several military officers testified that the word "deportation" was used to mean "massacre" or "annihilation".
Between May and August 1915, the Armenian population of the eastern provinces was deported and murdered en masse.
The American ambassador to the Ottoman Empire, Henry Morgenthau, said: "Squads of 50 or 100 men would be taken, bound together in groups of four, and marched to a secluded spot.
"Suddenly the sound of rifle shots would fill the air. Those sent to bury the bodies would find them almost invariably stark naked, for, as usual, the Turks had stolen all their clothes."
In urban areas, a town crier was used to deliver the deportation order, and the entire male population would be taken outside the city limits and killed - "slaughtered like sheep".
Women and children would then be executed, deported to concentration camps or simply turned out into the deserts and left to starve to death.
An American diplomat described the deportations or death marches: "A massacre, however horrible the word may sound, would be humane in comparison with it."
An eyewitness who came upon a convoy of deportees reported that the women implored him: "Save us! We will become Muslims! We will become Germans! We will become anything you want, just save us! They are going to cut our throats!"
Walking skeletons begged for food, and women threw their babies into lakes rather than hand them over to the Turks.
There was mass looting and pillaging of Armenian goods. It is reported that civilians burned bodies to find the gold coins the Armenians swallowed for safekeeping.
Conditions in the concentration camps were appalling. The majority were located near the modern Iraqi and Syrian frontiers, in the desert between Jerablus and Deir ez-Zor - described as "the epicentre of death". Up to 70,000 Armenians were herded into each camp, where dysentery and typhus were rife.
There, they were left to starve or die of thirst in the burning sun, with no shelter. In some cases, the living were forced to eat the dead. Few survived.
In four days alone, from 10-14 June 1915, the gangs 'eliminated' some 25,000 people in the Kemah Erzincan area alone.
In September 1915, the American consul in Kharput, Leslie A. Davis, reported discovering the bodies of nearly 10,000 Armenians dumped into several ravines near beautiful Lake Goeljuk, calling it the "slaughterhouse province".
Tales of atrocity abound. Historians report that the killing squads dashed infants on rocks in front of their mothers.
One young boy remembered his grandfather, the village priest, kneeling down to pray for mercy before the Turks. Soldiers beheaded him, and played football with the old man's decapitated head before his devastated family.
At the horrific Ras-ul-Ain camp near Urfa, two German railway engineers reported seeing three to four hundred women arrive in one day, completely naked. One witness told how Sergeant Nuri, the overseer of the camp, bragged about raping children.
An American, Mrs Anna Harlowe Birge, who was travelling from Smyrna to Constantinople, wrote in November 1915: "At every station where we stopped, we came side by side with one of these trains. It was made up of cattle trucks, and the faces of little children were looking out from behind the tiny barred windows of each truck."
In her memoir, Ravished Armenia, Aurora Mardiganian described being raped and thrown into a harem. From a wealthy banking family, she was just one of thousands of Armenian girls to suffer a similar fate. Many were eventually killed and discarded.
In the city of Malatia, she saw 16 girls crucified, vultures eating their corpses. "Each girl had been nailed alive upon her cross, spikes through her feet and hands," Mardiganian wrote. "Only their hair blown by the wind covered their bodies."
In another town, she reports that the killing squads played "the game of swords" with young Armenian girls, planting their weapons in the ground and throwing their victims onto the protruding blade in sport.
Elsewhere, bodies tied to each other drifted down the Euphrates. And in the Black Sea region, the Armenians were herded onto boats and then thrown overboard.
In the desert regions, the Turks set up primitive gas chambers, stuffing Armenians into caves and asphyxiating them with brush fires.
Everywhere, there were Armenian corpses: in lakes and rivers, in empty desert cisterns and village wells. Travellers reported that the stench of death pervaded the landscape.
One Turkish gendarme told a Norwegian nurse serving in Erzincan that he had accompanied a convoy of 3,000 people. Some were summarily executed in groups along the way; those too sick or exhausted to march were killed where they fell. He concluded: "They're all gone, finished."
By 1917, the Armenian 'problem', as it was described by Ottoman leaders, had been thoroughly "resolved". Muslim families were brought in to occupy empty villages.
Even after the war, the Ottoman ministers were not repentant. In 1920, they praised those responsible for the genocide, saying: "These things were done to secure the future of our homeland, which we know is greater and holier than even our own lives."
The British government pushed for those responsible for the killing to be punished, and in 1919 a war crimes tribunal was set up.
The use of the word "genocide" in describing the massacre of Armenians has been hotly contested by Turkey. Ahead of the nation's accession to the EU, it is even more politically inflammatory.
The official Turkish position remains that 600,000 or so Armenians died as a result of war. They deny any state intention to wipe out Armenians and the killings remain taboo in the country, where it is illegal to use the term genocide to describe the events of those bloody years.
Internationally, 21 countries have recognised the killings as genocide under the UN 1948 definition. Armenian campaigners believe Turkey should be denied EU membership until it admits responsibility for the massacres.
Just as in the Nazi Holocaust, there were many tales of individual acts of great courage by Armenians and Turks alike.
Haji Halil, a Muslim Turk, kept eight members of his mother's Armenian family safely hidden in his home, risking death.
In some areas, groups of Kurds followed the deportation convoys and saved as many people as they could. Many mothers gave their children to Turkish and Kurdish families to save them from death.
The Governor-General of Aleppo stood up to Ottoman officials and tried to prevent deportations from his region, but failed.
He later recalled: "I was like a man standing by a river without any means of rescue. But instead of water, the river flowed with blood and thousands of innocent children, blameless old men, helpless women and strong young people all on their way to destruction.
"Those I could seize with my hands I saved. The others, I assume, floated downstream, never to return."
Originally Posted by DJohnson
Here's an entertaining contrast:Story 1 - Fat DJohnsonAt a club, saw a girl I knew a few years back. Went to talk to her and she didn't immediately recognize me. She rolled her eyes with a disgusted look and was like "No thanks". I called her a bitch and she recognized me and we laughed about it, but still damn not cool to be in situations like that.Story 2 - Leaner DJohnsonAt a club, four girls run up to me and start talking to me. They grind with me and take pictures with me. I'm fairly confused but play along. Then the hottest one licks my face.You can't even compare the two. It's really messed up how different you are treated just depending on how much energy you have stored on your body for later use.
Signs of Abuse
Some signs of domestic violence are more obvious than others. Here are a few common signs.
Does your intimate partner ever:
Accuse you of cheating and being disloyal?
Make you feel worthless?
Hurt you by hitting, choking or kicking you?
Intimidate and threaten to hurt you or someone you love?
Threaten to hurt themselves if they don't get what they want?
Try to control what you do and who you see?
Isolate you from your family and friends?
Pressure or force you into unwanted sex?
Control your access to money?
Stalk you, including calling you constantly or following you?
If you recognize these signs of domestic violence and suspect that you or someone you know is in an abusive relationship, you are not alone; there is help in your community.
So far, Cloud 9 has dominated the NA LCS Summer Split by going 13-2 after 5 weeks. With their only losses to CLG and Vulcun, Cloud 9 is definitely the team to beat. I got a chance to talk with week 5 MVP Cloud 9 HyperX Balls about his team's dominance.
How has Cloud 9 changed now that Jack is the owner and Alex Penn is your analyst?
Balls: Well, Hai usually did everything like managing scrims sponsors and stuff, but now that Jack is our manager and Alex is our analyst, it helped Hai become less stressful or made his life easier of having to worrying about that stuff and can now focus and just playing and getting better. Jack helps us get the right materials we need to play and just overall made it easier for us to concentrate on LoL. Alex gives us information on all the other international teams of what comps they run, champs they play, and their runes/masteries. It lets us try out many different things and change it into our play style.
The team has said that they copy the Korean meta, and adapt to that play style. Do you think you would be able to beat a Korean team at their own strategy?
Balls: ﻿Even though we use the same strats that the Korean's use like 1 vs 2 fast push or same FOTM champs, we still have different mechanics and probably runes/masteries that the Korean's use. If you have better mechanics and can kill the other laner, it can pretty much change the flow of the game. Right now, I can't tell how we would do against them since we have different play styles, but I'm pretty sure the Korean's won't fall for their own strat and will know how to defend against it, so we can't really tell that we can beat them unless we play against a Korean team and learn from it from experience.
Did you expect such a big fan following, and the "Cloud 9 hype train" after qualifying in the Summer Promotion? And now that you guys have been sitting at first place for a while, have you seen your fan base increase even further?
Balls: ﻿I don't think we expected so much fans or the hype train after qualifying for the Summer Promotion and we were all surprised by the amount of fans we had during MLG Anaheim. It was crazy how before MLG Dallas only few people would recognize us and then MLG Anaheim there was probably over 500 asking for autographs and pictures with us. Sitting at first place, I think that's part of it that our fan base keeps increasing, but coming into the super week 5-0 and our personality also helped increase our fan base.
After losing to Vulcun at MLG Anaheim, how did you prepare for your next meeting, and ultimately the victory?
Balls: ﻿I think after losing to Vulcun we were angry from the fact that we could've won, but a misclick ruined the whole game for us. We all talked about the game at our house and we didn't really bring the topic up about the throw since he already knew what happened, but instead we looked at what we did early game, picks/ban, and how we could've made that game a lot easier for us because even though we came back from that game, it could've been cleaner. Our next game against Vulcun, we actually still got destroyed early game and admitted defeat, but somehow we managed to hold the ground with them because we weren't mad at all from getting stomped and actually focused enough to come back and win the game.
You guys went from always ending games early, to being able to hold out and win late game. What areas would you say you can improve as a team now?
Balls: ﻿I think our biggest problem right now is dominating the early game like we used to against better teams. We've been struggling a few times from dying or just that we could've done a better lvl one to control the map better. We just need to figure out clearly how to open up better and study what the enemy team might do early game.
As your team favors objective based play, would you say that you are the most coordinated team right now? Are you always on the same page with your teammates, or is there often miscommunication?
Balls: ﻿We pretty much have a clear idea of what we want to do most of the time and we have a dedicated shot caller for all the objectives that we want to do or take. We just trust each other when someone makes the call and follow it through most of the time, but we also have the ultimate decision of our own safety when doing it. We are on the same page most of the time, and in scrims we tend to argue on calls or plays that we make, but that's what helps us get better. There has been some miscommunication at some point in our games, but its not that much compare to I guess other teams in the LCS.
With the current laneswap meta, and your and Hai's overlapping champion pool, where does your play style differ to his, or do you both essentially play the same role on the team?
Balls: ﻿I think we our play style is pretty similar because we both are really aggressive in our lane and would probably die going for kills most of the time rather then being passive and worry about dying to the other laner. Since we both can go anywhere, I think that helps us confuse the enemies sometimes in a way that they don't know what the lanes are and lets us surprise them.
When you pick a champion, do you always know who will be playing it, or can you make a last minute change?
Balls: ﻿Most of the time during drafting, we already have everything prepared beforehand on what we are going to play against the other team. The only thing that will change our team composition is if the enemy team brings out something that caught us off guard which makes us rethink at that moment what we really want to play or use against them.
What is the relationship of your team like? Are you guys strictly business, or do you have relaxed friendships with your team?
Balls: ﻿﻿Were all pretty much friends when we are at home and playing either solo queue on League or doing other stuff that we have in common, but when we are playing as a team, we are teammates over friends because this is still our job and we don't want to be biased when someone does bad and we talk about our plays. I think overall we are just friendly as a team and troll each other a lot.
Since you've moved out of your parents place, to living with the people you work with, do you think you've matured? What's daily life like with your teammates?
Balls: ﻿I think moving to a new place by myself helped me become more mature since I actually do chores or whatever they tell me to do now. I'm also learning a lot of stuff while in the house that I don't really do at my house and pretty much also not being lazy. Life in the house is pretty much for us waking up to eat, scrim, break time and scrim again. During my break I usually use it to run to the gym also and I think that its awesome since I couldn't do this at my house since there wasn't a gym nearby that I could run too.
After playing so much League of Legends for so long, can you say that the game is still fun for you?
Balls: ﻿Yeah, playing League would never get boring because I just like how competitive it is and that there are so many things you can theorycraft about. Its also something that I'm good at and brings a good feeling after winning a ranked game or just winning a match overall.
Would you like to give any shout-outs?
Balls: ﻿Shoutout to our sponsors Astro, Cooler Master, Kingston Hyperx, IBuypower, Lolclass, and crunchyroll. And you can follow me on Twitter @C9Balls.
You can follow Balls on Twitter here, and myself here.
PKK militants kill three migrants in eastern Turkey
AĞRI – Anadolu Agency
Outlawed Kurdistan Workers' Party (PKK) militants killed three migrants on Sept. 25 and injured seven others, one critically, in the eastern province of Ağrı, according to a military source.
Attackers opened fire on a minibus carrying migrants who had entered Turkey via an illegal route in Ağrı's Doğubayazıt district, according to the source.
Turkish gendarmerie forces detained 10 passengers, but the driver and others in the vehicle managed to escape.
Authorities have been conducting a search to find the attackers and the remaining passengers as the injured were taken to a hospital.
The Ağrı Governor's Office confirmed the incident in a statement late Sept. 25, saying the detained passengers were all Afghan nationals.
A similar incident had occurred on Sept. 25 in the southeastern province of Hakkari.
One person was killed while five others were wounded in an attack by the PKK on Syrian migrants in the Şemdinli district of Hakkari.
PKK militants fired a mortar shell at around 2 p.m. from the Balkaya Mountains in the Derecik region, hitting a gendarmerie battalion command hosting Syrian migrants, who were apprehended after illegally crossing the border and were waiting for their procedures to be completed.
One person was killed while five others were wounded, of whom two heavily, in the explosion that took place due to the attack.
About
This project came to mind after nearly tripping on one of the hundreds of remote controllers lying around the house. I set out to get a device that could control everything in the house. I already have the patent for the video game controller and all that is left, is to get the design to the market. The funds raised will go to getting a functional prototype made. With a functional prototype, my first dream will have come true. I would also like to see the device produced in large numbers hence creating jobs and improving the economy.
The prototype is going to be made by a local 3D printing company. It's going to be a functional prototype, hence all the buttons and the screens will be able to operate a radio controlled toy. It will also be able to open up showing the gaming keyboard and screen.
Since the prototype is done to scale, the final design may differ from the prototype due to the cutting edge technology. Measurements might have to be adjusted to fit the ever changing microchips, circuit board and battery. The final design will also take into consideration the cost of building a market ready device and hence structural adjustments might have to be implemented to save on cost.
ESPNChicago.com kicks off its countdown to the April 25-27 NFL draft with a look back at last year's draft class. Check back each day leading up to the draft for a positional preview of all the draft prospects.
The Chicago Bears muddied the draft picture for outsiders with the moves they made in free agency, but that certainly added flexibility for what the club can now do with the 20th overall pick.
So as we prepare to get into that subject in preparing to kick off coverage of the 2013 NFL draft, let's take a look at how the team fared in 2012 with its six draft picks. Often immediately after a selection is made, reporters -- having not seen any of the prospects play a single down in the NFL -- submit overly positive or negative grades.
Well, we've now had an entire season to make an evaluation, and here's what we think:
Shea McClellin, DE, Boise State
Round: 1 Pick: 19 (Overall: 19)
AP Photo/Nam Y. Huh
What we said after the draft: General manager Phil Emery raved about McClellin's natural instincts, and functional athleticism, which should translate well as an NFL pass rusher. His physical attributes don't necessarily jump off the charts, but he plays better than workout testing would indicate. Drafting McClellin over Whitney Mercilus and Chandler Jones says a lot Chicago's belief in his ability opposite Julius Peppers.
Initial grade: B+
What we say now: First, the bad. McClellin struggled early on at training camp, and never cracked the starting lineup as a rookie. Sure, he was a rookie. But shouldn't a team's first-round pick be an immediate starter and impact player? McClellin wasn't either of those, but that's not to say he didn't produce a solid rookie campaign. He played in 14 games with 2.5 sacks and seven tackles, and after the season, Emery discussed metrics that would indicate McClellin was an impact player. The problem was he didn't make enough of an impact. Right now, this looks like an Emery single. This team needs home runs with the first-round picks.
Current grade: C
Alshon Jeffery, WR, South Carolina
Round: 2 Pick: 13 (Overall: 45)
Rob Grabowski/US Presswire
What we said after the draft: The Bears could have chosen LSU receiver Rueben Randle with this pick, but Jeffery -- even with concerns about his weight, and work ethic -- seems to project as the better prospect. Paired with Brandon Marshall, the Bears could start the season with the division's most physical duo of wideouts. At 6-foot-3, 216 pounds, Jeffery possesses impressive strength and explosion and provides Cutler a dangerous threat in the red zone. Could turn out to be a steal.
Initial grade: B+
What we say now: Certainly looked the part early on last season. Jeffery caught three passes for 80 yards and a touchdown in his NFL debut, and hauled in at least three passes in three of his first four games. Then a hand injury against the Jaguars on Oct. 7 pretty much ruined Jeffery's rookie season by putting him on the shelf for the next four games. Upon his return Nov. 19 against the San Francisco 49ers, Jeffery suffered a knee injury that put him out another two weeks. Over the next four games he caught a total of eight passes for one touchdown. Expect Jeffery to be an improved player in better physical condition in 2013.
Current grade: B+
Brandon Hardin, S, Oregon State
Round: 3 Pick: 16 (Overall: 79)
Brian Kersey/Getty Images
What we said after the draft: The issue with the Bears taking Hardin in the third round has little to do with ability, but everything to do with health. To be fair, Hardin is fully recovered from a shoulder fracture that caused him to miss the entire 2011 season. However, the Bears already had a couple of injury risks on the roster at safety. Major Wright has yet to prove he can stay on the field, while Chris Conte finished the year on injured reserve due to a foot injury. If Hardin can stay off the injury report, he projects to be a solid strong safety who can deliver hard hits. Odds are Hardin would have been able to improve on his 2010 numbers at Oregon State (63 tackles, three forced fumbles) if not for the shoulder problem last summer. But we'll never know, which is what makes the Hardin pick somewhat risky.
Initial grade: C
What we say now: Hardin essentially confirmed the injury concerns about him coming into the NFL during the team's Aug. 18 preseason win over the Washington Redskins with a textbook example of how not to tackle. Hardin suffered a season-ending neck injury when he lowered his head in an attempt to tackle Redskins tight end Logan Paulsen. While the injury ended Hardin's season, it really wasn't that significant as he was cleared to return in October. But the Bears designated him for season-ending injured reserve, which is why he never returned. There's a reason the Bears did that, and it wasn't concern over the injury. It was the simple fact that prior to the injury, Hardin simply wasn't playing well. Sure, he possesses significant size, speed and physicality. But nobody saw enough of that during Hardin's rookie campaign to think he might become an impact player.
Current grade: D
Evan Rodriguez, TE, Temple
Round: 4 Pick: 16 (Overall: 111)
AP Photo/Nam Y. Huh
What we said after the draft: From an ability perspective, Rodriguez grades out much higher. The "F" tight end role is the same position that Greg Olsen played in Chicago, and while Olsen entered the league with the reputation as a more polished receiver, Rodriguez can be counted on to block and contribute on special teams, in addition to stretching the field as a vertical threat. If Rodriguez is even close to Olsen in terms on production, the Bears got themselves a steal in the fourth round. However, all the off-the-field issues makes it impossible to give this pick a higher grade. Rodriguez must prove he's matured and moved beyond all the problems he encountered at West Virginia and Temple.
Initial grade: C
What we say now: Played the first three games, but missed the next four recovering from a sprained knee. Rodriguez didn't register a reception until Nov. 25, and finished the season with just four catches for 21 yards; so much for the threat of Rodriguez stretching the field. The new coaching staff likes Rodriguez's ability, and wants to give him the opportunity to play a more significant role, as he wasn't given many opportunities as a rookie. Off-the-field issues crept up once again for Rodriguez this offseason when he was arrested in March for resisting arrest. The team also signed free agent Martellus Bennett to come in as the starter. So it appears Rodriguez could encounter difficulty finding a role in 2013.
Current grade: D
Isaiah Frey, CB, Nevada
Round: 6 Pick: 14 (Overall: 184)
AP Photo/ Nam Y. Huh
What we said after the draft: Emery talked about using picks from the fifth round on down to secure height-weight-speed guys who can eventually develop into contributors. Frey certainly fits that mold; at least in the weight and speed departments. At Nevada, Frey displayed strong cover skills in picking off five passes and breaking up 21 passes as a senior. But he doesn't appear to be very physical, which doesn't translate well in Chicago's scheme. More concerning is the fact physicality can't be coached into a player, which might be key for Frey since the Bears envision competing on special teams as a potential gunner.
Initial grade: D
What we say now: He showed some promise in training camp, and even picked off a pass in the third preseason game against the New York Giants. Coming out of the draft, Frey projected as a sub defender and special-teams contributor, but was never to be able to earn those roles. The Bears waived Frey on Aug. 31, and later brought him back to the practice squad. With the team in need of young corners, Frey will be given plenty of opportunities to earn a role. But he'll need to make a significant jump from Year 1 to Year 2 for that to happen.
Current grade: D
Greg McCoy, CB, Texas Christian
Round: 7 Pick: 13 (Overall: 220)
Brian Kersey/Getty Images
What we said after the draft: The Bears can never have too many quality return men. McCoy was the Mountain West Special Teams Player of the Year last season after he returned two kickoffs for touchdowns. He did start for two years at cornerback for TCU, but his best shot to make the team is on special teams. Even if McCoy fails to make the final 53-man roster, it's tough to fault the Bears for taking a potential playmaker in the final round. But given the extreme importance placed on special teams this offseason, it would be a mistake to assume McCoy has no shot to make the team.
Initial grade: B
What we say now: Despite his pedigree as a return man coming out of college, McCoy finished the preseason with the lowest average (21.5 yards per return) among the club's returners on kickoffs. On defense, McCoy flashed potential at times at cornerback, and even returned an interception for a touchdown in the preseason finale at Cleveland. Still the club waived McCoy on Aug. 31, and he signed in September to the practice squad of the Arizona Cardinals. McCoy is now on the roster of the Minnesota Vikings. So the Bears didn't receive much for their investment. But at the same time, the club used a seventh-round pick, which wasn't much. Although McCoy isn't with the team anymore, what we liked about the pick was the fact the Bears took a chance on a playmaker. We can't knock that.
Current grade: C-
If there is one team in the NFL with whom the Houston Texans are familiar, outside of their annual AFC South foes, it's the New England Patriots. Over the past five seasons, the Texans and the Pats have met in all but one (Bill O'Brien's first season as head coach in 2014), and in two of those seasons, 2012 and 2016, they met twice, once in the regular season and once in the postseason.
Considering where the Patriots stand in the NFL's pecking order, staring down at everyone else, that's pure scheduling torture, and I don't need to reeducate all of you on how it's gone. For Texan fans, it's been ugly. The Texans are 0-6 in those six games, with the only single-digit loss, ironically, coming in 2013, when the Texans finished the season 2-14.
Perhaps the Texans have a sadomasochistic gene, because not only do they meet the Patriots in New England in Week 3 of the upcoming season, but they chose to practice with them in West Virginia this past week. This all culminates with a preseason game at NRG Stadium this Saturday night.
York University fired a key executive and paid him an $86,000 “performance” bonus as part of a severance package of almost $700,000 while he was under an internal school investigation for possible fraud, court documents show.
Former York assistant vice-president Michael Markicevic reveals in an affidavit and exhibits relating to a university lawsuit against him that he received the extra bonus, more pension money and 36 months of pay or double his severance entitlement when the school terminated him in 2010.
Furthermore, Markicevic, who also faces criminal fraud charges, got $25,000 in lieu of the costs of finding a new job plus a letter of recommendation “attesting to your service and achievements at York” at the same time the university probe widened.
In an interview on Sunday, Markicevic described the severance settlement as “very generous” but noted he doesn't understand why York would pay him that much while under suspicion of misconduct.
“I don't know but it's a very good question,” added Markicevic, who had worked at York for 5-1/2 years. “It's absolutely insane what they did. I offered to co-operate and help them get at the issues, but they had no interest in that. It turned into a witch hunt.”
Markicevic suggested the “highest” levels of York quickly pushed for his termination and a settlement before he could expose their own wrongdoing and shortcomings in managing the university.
“You'll hear the rest of the story when this gets to court,” he said.
York's chief spokesperson Joanne Rider has confirmed that president and vice-chancellor Mamdouh Shoukri agreed to the settlement “and no other approval was required.” She said Shoukri was not available for comment.
York, which is seeking a return of the money as part of its multi-million dollar civil lawsuit against Markicevic and other parties, emphasized that the university deemed the settlement “reasonable” at the time of the dismissal because there was no solid information of wrongdoing against him.
“There was no substantiated evidence that he personally was engaged in any fraudulent activity,” Rider said last week. “It was determined, however, that Mr. Markicevic could not continue in the position and that his employment was terminated without cause for that reason.”
Rider said York considered options but would not comment on whether that included suspending him with pay until completion of the university's probe.
Last year, York, one of the country's biggest universities, sued Markicevic and two dozen other parties in the Ontario Superior Court of Justice for more than $4 million in damages for their alleged role in a “vast and complicated conspiracy” to defraud the school.
York claims Markicevic, who was responsible for campus services and business operations, was “the mastermind” in a phony invoice scheme that involved the diversion of more than $1.23 million in payments to university employees, families, friends and outside companies.
Toronto police charged Markicevic with two counts of criminal fraud and one count of laundering the proceeds of crime several months later. Phil Brown, who is also a defendant in the civil lawsuit, faces similar criminal charges.
Markicevic, a former Collingwood police officer, has denied York's allegations including a claim he gained at least $250,000 in improvements to his two homes including a Jacuzzi hot tub and snow blower. The allegations have not been proven in court.
Markicevic has countersued York for allegedly breaching the agreement's terms. The 2010 deal bars York and himself from taking any future legal action against each other, he alleges.
He noted in his claim that the resulting negative publicity from the university's lawsuit has made him unemployable. Markicevic is seeking potential lost income and damages.
York has argued the university didn't realize the extent of Markicevic's alleged misconduct when it agreed to not take any legal action. As a matter of law, York said it could not release Markicevic from criminal activity about which it knew nothing.
In its lawsuit, York is seeking $4 million in damages from the defendants; recovery of the value of the alleged Markicevic home improvements and the return of his severance money. The university has also applied for a court order to freeze Markicevic's family assets. His wife and daughter are among the defendants.
York said it could not discuss or reveal details of Markicevic's severance package because it would breach personal confidentiality.
However in legal proceedings, Markicevic has submitted York's correspondence on the negotiations for the package and the accompanying release prohibiting further legal action by both sides.
In one note, Markicevic sought 36 months in severance pay instead of 18 months that his contract specified.
“I demanded a higher settlement sum because York had allowed the baseless allegations to damage my reputation and because I was agreeing to release York from all potential claims I may have,” he added in an affidavit.
A subsequent offer sheet from Gary Brewer, York's vice-president of finance and administration, proposed “base pay” of $573,819 for 36 months. That would have been double the entitlement of $286,909 for 18 months under his employment contract.
The sheet also revealed York gave him “performance pay” of 15 per cent of his base pay or a total of $86,072 over the same 36-month period. In another filing, Markicevic described the pay as a “bonus premium.”
Rider said that since York couldn't comment on the severance settlement, the university could not indicate why it paid the performance bonus to Markicevic when he was not working there during the three-year period.
Markicevic also received $33,274 in pension contributions over the 36 months for a total severance package of $693,166.
In addition to those severance amounts, Markicevic received $42,510 for 53 “accrued vacation/personal days” and a lump sum of $25,000 in lieu of normal costs of outplacement services “to assist you in the transition to new employment.”
The university provided Markicevic with a letter of recommendation “in a form mutually agreed between us.”
Brewer said at the end of the offer sheet he would like to acknowledge Markicevic's “significant contributions” to the university and thank him for his “support and advice.”
Markicevic said in an affidavit he lost a job at a Vancouver hospital authority in the summer of 2010 when “my immediate supervisor became clearly uncomfortable with me” after learning about the York situation.
Markicevic added he lost another job in 2011 after publicity about the allegations surfaced.
The severance agreement also called on Markicevic to co-operate in York's defence of a lawsuit by a longtime former executive assistant over allegations of workplace harassment. York said it would indemnify Markicevic for any financial outcome in that litigation.
York and the former executive assistant reached an out-of-court settlement in 2011. The two sides would not release terms but the assistant said she was “very happy” with the outcome.
Everton shot-stopper believes club are still in race for fourth place and demands points from Manchester City, inadvertently aiding Liverpool's title quest.
Liverpool's ambition of bringing an overdue Premier League title back to Anfield was taken out of their hands on Sunday, April 27 after their 2-0 loss to Chelsea means that, should Manchester City triumph in their remaining fixtures, then the domestic crown will end up at the Etihad Stadium.
Liverpool's local rivals Everton are next up for City and the Goodison Park lot have their own designs on closing the season strongly so that they can give themselves the best chance of finishing within the top four and secure a route into the qualification stages of the Champions League next term.
Everton take on City on Saturday, May 3 at 17:30 and if Roberto Martinez's men are able to take points off of City then the title pendulum could swing back in the Reds' favour.
Considering the way the playing staff at Everton are feeling, they will do all they can to not only take points but actually defeat City and so would inadvertently be doing their neighbours a massive favour in the Premier League title race.
"We still have a chance mathematically [of finishing fourth] so therefore it is not the end," goalkeeper Tim Howard is quoted to have said by Sky Sports. "There are still six points remaining, if we win and Arsenal drop points we are in the Champions League."
He continued: "We are trying with every bone in our body but that is part of being at the top, part of the pressure that professional athletes thrive on, and it has not been a problem. We are a top team and dropped points but Arsenal can drop points as well. We have been putting in brilliant performances all season so will expect a good display next week [against City]."
Arsenal could open the gap between themselves in fourth and Everton in fifth to four points should the Gunners shoot down and beat Newcastle United this evening.
WANTING CHANGE: Members of John Parker's group that is pushing for reform of New Zealand Cricket (clockwise from top left): Mark Greatbatch, Glenn Turner, Martin Crowe, Jeremy Coney, John Morrison and Ian Smith.
Recent Black Caps coach Mark Greatbatch is the latest high profile cricketing identity to confirm he is part of John Parker's group trying to reform New Zealand Cricket.
With ex-Black Caps captain Parker coming under increased fire for his ongoing campaign to challenge the governance of NZC, Greatbatch has stepped forward in joining former national team-mate and media commentator Ian Smith as identified members of the Parker group.
The group is preparing to have candidates stand for election to the NZC board in September and remain aggrieved at the organisation's senior administration, including chairman Chris Moller and chief executive David White.
The Sunday Star-Times can also exclusively reveal the other members of the group.
They include ex-national captain, coach and selector Glenn Turner, other prominent ex-New Zealand skippers Martin Crowe and Jeremy Coney, and former national representatives John "Mystery" Morrison and Mark Priest.
Their names, along with Greatbatch's and Smith's, appear on a rolling email update, which the Star-Times has a copy of, used to advise group members of their campaign's progress.
Turner has lobbied the Canterbury association on the group's behalf while Morrison and prominent local businessman Doug Catley approached senior Wellington Cricket officials to push the cause.
With the exception of Parker, who was appointed spokesman, the group had originally pledged to keep their identities secret for fear their message would be lost in publicity over their identities.
But, as attacks on Parker increase, the latest from former NZC boss Martin Snedden and talkback radio host Tony Veitch yesterday, allies are coming out of the cold.
Smith admitted to being part of the group on a Friday morning radio programme while Greatbatch opened up last night.
"I'm happy to say I'm part of the group," Greatbatch told the Star-Times.
"I've listened and read the information, I've contributed to some of it. The other people need to be comfortable themselves to tell you who else is involved in the group. There are former players, former captains.
"At the end of the day we're trying to help the game in this country. We don't think there's enough knowledge in the [board] group. I'm happy to come out in public. We're concerned people about our game."
Greatbatch also said he agreed with prior comments of both Smith and Parker, that the re-emergence of the controversial incident which saw NZC sack Ross Taylor as captain for Brendon McCullum, is a symptom overshadowing a bigger message.
The contentious Taylor-McCullum issue regained traction after a nine-page report compiled by the Parker group, including 77 bullet points, emerged last week raising serious accusations about Taylor's removal, with several senior players lined up alongside coach Mike Hesson and McCullum for criticism.
Already NZC has agreed to implement a new constitution and have the board resign en masse - though it is not yet known whether incumbent members will stand for re-election.
White, meanwhile, who has been one of the most criticised NZC administrators in the whole saga, has said he will not resign as CEO.
White confirmed to Fairfax Media a draft of the new NZC constitution was distributed to members on Friday. The document is scheduled for public release tomorrow.
Parker's group will be most interested in two potential revisions from the old constitution, in how the NZC board is elected and the make-up of the team appointments panel.
Parker says former skipper Stephen Fleming has already admitted that he shouldn't have been on the panel that appointed Hesson.
One of Sydney's most famous street murals will be preserved following a historic decision by the Marrickville Council to heritage list it.
It's a decision original artist Juilee Pryor calls "brave" and "extraordinary".
The "I Have A Dream" mural on King St in Newtown was created during a weekend in August 1991. Ms Pryor and Andrew Aiken, who later served a jail sentence in the UK for murder and now lives in Canada, had twice asked for permission to paint it but were refused. So they decided to do it anyway.
They decided the best way to conceal themselves was by hiding in plain view. Starting at 7pm on Friday night, they worked into the night and continued the next night. When they needed extra height, they borrowed a friend's cherry picker to finish the job. Ms Pryor described the experience as "wonderful".
La ligne claire has not made this much news in Europe for decades. On Wednesday, the Grand Palais opened an epic Hergé expo, which has received only raves from critics and the art world. Its curator, Jérome Neutres, calls it an ambition fulfilled. "Our whole aim is to show that Tintin's creator was, quite simply, a truly great artist. We want to put him on the same footing as a Vélasquez, a Helmut Newton or a Fantin-Latour."
Then two days after the opening, France discovered that Thierry "Ted" Benoit had died. Benoit, 69, may not have been the ligne claire's purest inheritor. But he was certainly one of its great innovators. As the obituaries and tributes to him proliferate, many have begun with similar sentiments. Benoit, they note, was more than just a wonderful draftsman. He was – quite simply – a truly great artist.
Just like Hergé, Benoit was also beloved. When he created his astonishing character, Ray Banana, the artist fused several French fetishes into one protagonist. The most obvious is an obsession with film noir and the 'hard-boiled' American vision found from Stephen Crane to Mickey Spillane. There's also a very French view of le rock and roll, one whose iconography remains replete with leather, Brilliantine and brothel creepers. Visually, Benoit gave Banana a fixed, unchanging backdrop. It's a particular French dream of the urban filched from Raymond Chandler, Edward Hopper and post-War Hollywood.
All in all, the view is rather sans sourire – unsmiling. Yet Ray was named for the jaunty sunglasses he never sheds.
Initially Benoit hoped to work in film himself. He studied it at IHEC, the Institut des hautes études cinématographiques. Then, until 1971, he worked in television. But, being a fervent fan of Robert Crumb and his compatriots, Benoit soon got involved with French underground comics. By 1975, he had appeared in and worked for Géronimymo, Actuel, Métal hurlant and L'Echo des Savannes. In 1979, he published his debut album – the chilly and expressionistic Hôpital (Hospital). Portraying its central institution almost as a prison, it won Angoulême's prize for the year's best scenario.
Then Benoit discovered Joost Swarte's L'Art Moderne, the ligne claire reasserted in flat pastels and pellucid lines. Already known for discreet, fastidious draughtsmanship, the Frenchman found his Dutch colleague's recipe irresistible. In its clarity he sensed an existential elegance – but it was also the perfect vehicle for his stark and stylish world. Ted Benoit embraced the style and he never looked back.
It was in 1980, with La Berceuse électronique (Electric Lullaby), that Benoit unleashed the figure of Ray Banana. Part Clark Gable and part Phil Perfect, this dandy of a certain age stalks streets assembled from every '40s and '50s film Benoit had seen. If you should happen to order yourself a copy from Amazon, here – in the words of one French fan – is what you'll get:
Ever dreamed of being able to live a stunning adventure? Just imagine: your face is hidden behind black shades as you start to drift away, in a melancholy reverie, uncertain what to do with all your mental anguish. Welcome inside the skin of Ray Banana. He's a confusing character, one who marries the mug of Elvis with the viewpoint of a Brussels intellectual. But then you've just entered the subversive world of Ted Benoit. It's one I've been unable to leave since my childhood.
By the mid-1980s, Benoit was helping lead an energetic French renaissance of the ligne claire. This was conducted by a varied group, composed of artists ranging from Luc Cornillon and his buddy Yves Chaland – tragically killed at 33 in a road accident – to Jean-Claude Floch and the wünderkind Serge Clerc. Swarte, who actually coined the term ligne claire, christened their emerging new aesthetic atoomstijl or "atomic style". It reminded him of the spunky, Populuxe "style atome" that was pioneered by Jijé and Franquin in the '50s.
The new artists' neo-ligne claire had links to a 'Rock & BD' school of artists (including, in terms of its humour, Frank Margerin), most of whom were resident at Métal hurlant. But their style was soon as visible in illustration as it was in comics. By working for the UK's Melody Maker and NME, Serge Clerc especially helped it spread into other arenas. But, with the quirky persona of Ray Banana, Benoit kept on pushing the limits of ligne claire in the bande dessinée. There, the world he created was something more than surreal. His Banana sagas do involve noir-ish crimes, but they also feature rock stars and extraterrestrials, religious cults, modern art and Platonic philosophy. In every story, however, the visuals are consistent. All are filled with the '50s cars, cities and clothing the artist loved.
Madeleine de Mille, Benoit's wife, was his colourist. But in 1986, to pay a special tribute, Casterman reissued Ray Banana's Cité Lumière (City of Light). This time, the colour was handled by Studios Hergé. The homage marked a singular thing about Benoit: his talents won over both the hard-core fans of Hergé's legacy and those who far preferred to follow independent auteurs.
There is another reason the comics world is mourning Benoit. This was his reprise of Edgar P. Jacobs' series Blake and Mortimer. By the mid-90s, when he took up this challenge, it was the equivalent of a Mission Impossible. Jacobs had been Hergé's close pal and sometime collaborator (his bursts of temper helped inspire Captain Haddock). Thus he was a massive and magnificent icon, and one with an enormous, ultra-theatrical talent.
Benoit helmed the series for just two albums: L'Affaire Francis Blake (The Francis Blake Affair) and L'Étrange rendez-vous (The Strange Encounter). Initially, both were heavily criticized. Now, they are seen as probably the finest revivals.
Benoit, who always worked slowly and meticulously, spent four years on each one of the books. He said he found the key to Jacobs' world in its anti-contemporaneity. As Benoit told Le Figaro in 2001, "What I take from Jacobs' own style is all theatrical because, with him, every frame is suffused by the maximal dose of drama. Blake and Mortimer isn't a cinematic BD but a theatrical story. It's the actual dated, bombastic, over-the-top quality – the outmoded grandiosity – which is the very thing that attracts new generations".
At the end of the 1990s, Benoit took up scripting. For Pierre Nedjar, he concocted Le Homme de nulle part (The Man from Nowhere). This was narrated by Thelma Ritter, who is Ray Banana's cheekily-named cleaning woman. In 2004, having declined any more of Jacobs' British detectives, Benoit scripted Playback – a Hitchcock-style thriller – for François Ayroles.
Benoit then began devoting himself to illustration. He produced advertising, posters and numerous silkscreen portfolios. Like his BD output, all of these now fetch a pretty penny at auction. Yet what colleagues and critics are remembering is a modest man. A trailblazer, certainly. But also, as all of them add, a deeply sympathetic and sensitive man.
Every year, for instance, Ted Benoit would attend Les Rencontres Chaland. Held in the village of Nérac – the town that was home to Yves Chaland – it's a small BD festival which honors his long-lost friend. As it takes place this weekend, wrote the critic Jérome Dupuis, "undoubtedly the event will be plunged into sadness." But Benoit himself, he stressed, will be elsewhere. "He'll be up there alongside Chaland, in paradise".
Photo by Shannon Stapleton/Reuters
With just seven days left before Election Day on November 8, the latest RAND Presidential Election Panel Survey (PEPS) (2,269 respondents between October 20 and November 1, 2016) indicates that the popular vote gives Democrat Hillary Clinton a significant lead of 9.1 points over Republican Donald Trump. Libertarian Gary Johnson is estimated to garner 7.7 percent of the popular vote, while others claim 13.1 percent.
Throughout the PEPS data collection, which began in December 2015, the popular vote estimate has favored a Democrat over a Republican, as seen in Table 1. Since March 2016, the Democrats' lead has been outside the margin of error — meaning that the lead is greater than what we would expect from sampling error, so we can be confident in the results.
Table 1. More Respondents Have Favored a Democrat Than a Republican in All PEPS Waves PEPS Wave Any Democratic Candidate (Percentage of Popular Vote) Any Republican Candidate (Percentage of Popular Vote) Difference December 2015 46.7 43.1 Democrat +3.6 March 2016 53.0 37.9 Democrat +15.1 August 2016 48.1 39.7 Democrat +8.4 September 2016 43.3 33.4 Democrat +9.9 October/November 2016 43.7 34.6 Democrat +9.1 NOTE: Beginning in the August 2016 wave (Wave 3), we asked respondents if they would vote specifically for Clinton or Trump because they had clinched their respective party's nomination by then. The difference in all waves except December 2015 was statistically significant.
This trend continued in the October/November data, collected after October 19, when the final presidential debate was held. Clinton's 9.1-point lead in the popular vote is outside the margin of error (±1.9).
Recall from earlier reports in the PEPS series that unlike most other polls, we do not use a standard "likely voter" model to estimate popular vote.[1] Instead, the PEPS employs a probabilistic method in which we first ask respondents to rate how likely they are to vote at all (on a scale of 0 to 100) and then ask, "If you do vote in the election, what is the percent chance that you will vote for [Clinton/Trump/Johnson/Someone else]?" Combining these two pieces of information provides our popular vote estimate.
Figure 1. Who Respondents Think Will Win the Election
We also asked respondents to estimate the percent chance that each candidate would win the election ("What do you think is the percent chance that each of the candidates for president will win the election?"), and those results also indicate that voters anticipate that Clinton will win by a significant margin. The percentage of voters who think Trump will win has declined significantly since before the first debate: In September, 37.8 percent thought that he would win,[2] but now only 31.4 percent report this belief.
The final wave of PEPS data will be collected shortly after Election Day. The post-election survey data will enable us to compare respondents' reports of how they actually voted with their reports of how they thought they would vote.
A Note on Weighting As with other surveys, we apply weights to ensure that our PEPS results are representative of the population overall. The benchmark distributions against which American Life Panel surveys (including the PEPS) are weighted are derived from the Current Population Survey (CPS) Annual Social and Economic Supplement (administered in March of each year by the U.S. Census Bureau). This choice follows common practice in other social science surveys, such as the Health and Retirement Study. The weighting procedure we use for the PEPS is the same weighting procedure that we used for the RAND Continuous 2012 Presidential Election Poll. The weighting procedure involves two steps: First, the PEPS respondents are matched to a set of demographic groups in the CPS, based on combinations of age, gender, race/ethnicity, education, household income, and household size. These groups are defined so that no group contains less than 5 percent of the PEPS sample. This rule of thumb is commonly adopted in order to prevent very small cell sizes and, therefore, extremely high weights.[3] The second stage of weighting is done separately. This consists of reweighting the sample so that its recall of voting behavior in 2012 matches known population voting behavior from that year. This practice is based on the premise that the best predictor of future voting behavior is past voting behavior and that any discrepancies in the composition of past behavior are thus likely to give biased predictions of behavior in the 2016 election. Also note that the weights resulting from this second adjustment, when compared with the standard demographic weight derived in the first step, have not significantly altered the results in our PEPS head-to-head polls. More information on the PEPS weighting procedure is available in our methodology report and on the American Life Panel website.[4]
Notes
2. When you tear down an old building, you never know what's being destroyed.
A decade ago, the Daylight Building in Knoxville was a vacant eyesore. A developer purchased the property with plans to demolish the building to make way for new construction.
However, following multiple failed deals to demolish the building, the Daylight went back on the market. Dewhirst Properties bought it and began renovations only to discover the building's hidden gems: drop-ceilings made with heart-pine wood, a large clerestory, a front awning adorned with unusual tinted “opalescent” glass, and a facade lined with bright copper.
Beyond surviving demolition and revealing a treasure trove of details, the Daylight reminds us that even eyesores can be valuable for a community's future.
3. New businesses prefer old buildings.
In 1961, urban activist Jane Jacobs startled city planners with The Death and Life of Great American Cities, in which Jacobs discussed economic advantages that certain types of businesses have when located in older buildings.
Jacobs asserted that new buildings make sense for major chain stores, but other businesses–-such as bookstores, ethnic restaurants, antique stores, neighborhood pubs, and especially small start-ups―thrive in old buildings.
“As for really new ideas of any kind―no matter how ultimately profitable or otherwise successful some of them might prove to be―there is no leeway for such chancy trial, error, and experimentation in the high-overhead economy of new construction,” she wrote. “Old ideas can sometimes use new buildings. New ideas must use old buildings.”
What you're looking at is the deck of the U.S.S. Ronald Reagan covered in the vehicles of Navy Sailors heading to Naval Base Kitsap in Bremerton, Washington. At a cost of about $4.5 billion this is probably the world's most expensive parking lot.
It may seem phenomenal, but this is actually a common occurrence for the Navy and a lot cheaper and easier than transporting the vehicles almost any other way. The weight of one E-2C Hawkeye is approximately 43,000 pounds, or about 12 cars, and a Nimitz-class carrier usually carries four of those.
But more to the point, this does save the U.S. Navy money. First, the only other way to get vehicles owned by Navy sailors to their final destinations is to put them in another ship. Second, if they didn't send soldiers' vehicles they'd have to pay for transportation at the final destination. Both of which would absolutely cost more money.
The U.S.S. Ronald recently served in Asia and was en route to Kitsap for upgrades and repairs.
Advertisement
(Hat tip to SenorDuckLives!)
Photo Credit: US Navy/Mass Communication Specialist 3rd Class Robert Winn, US Navy/Mass Communications Specialist 3rd Class Shawn J. Stewart
According to Ralph Vacchiano, the Giants are promoting WR Kalif Raymond to their active roster on Tuesday.
Dan Duggan reports that WR/KR Ed Eagan is being released.
is being released. Jordan Raanan of ESPN reports that the Giants are re-signing TE Matt LaCosse to their practice squad after he officially passed through waivers unclaimed on Monday.
The Giants' practice squad now consists of:
OL Adam Bisnowaty WR Marquis Bundy S Ryan Murphy WR Darius Powe G Ethan Cooper DB Brandon Dixon LB Trevor Bates DE Jordan Williams TE Matt LaCosse
Raymond, 23, wound up signing a three-year, $1.62 million contract with the Broncos as an undrafted free agent out of Holy Cross back in May of last year. He was unfortunately waived coming out of the preseason but the Broncos later signed him to their practice squad.
Denver once again cut Raymond loose at the start of the regular season and he was later claimed off of waivers by the Jets. After a brief stint on the Jets' practice squad, the Giants signed him to their taxi squad.
In 2016, Raymond was active in four games for the Broncos and recorded 137 yards as a kick returner and 111 yards as a punt returner, while also losing one fumble.
LaCosse, 25, wound up signing on with the Giants as an undrafted free agent out of Illinois back in 2015. He was waived during the preseason and later had a brief stint with the Jets before returning to the Giants during the 2015 season.
LaCosse spent the 2016 season on injured reserve but was brought back on an exclusive rights contract this past February. New York waived LaCosse this past weekend.
In 2017, LaCosse appeared in three games for the Giants but did not record a single statistic.
The Canadian national anthem proudly honors "The True North strong and free!” Yet Canadians face an imminent round of frightening online spy proposals that threaten long held civil liberties and privacy rights. Public Safety Minister Vic Toews has insisted that he won't budge in his support of online spying legislation despite heavy criticism from privacy watchdogs.
We last discussed the former online spying bills (C-50, C-51 and C-52) Canada's majority Government sought to advance in October. Collectively called the “lawful access” bills, these measures are essentially a backdoor for law enforcement to easily access personal information. While Public Safety Canada has defended the bills, stating they would enable authorities to protect Canadians from “criminal and terrorist activities” without “infringing on the rights of law abiding Canadians,” the outcry over this legislative mandate has been considerable.
Academics, civil society, all opposing political parties, Internet service providers, and even public officials have continually criticized these bills for risking Canadian's online security and privacy. As last drafted, the bills represent a dramatic and dangerous attempt to leverage online service providers as agents of state surveillance. They include new police powers that would allow Canadian authorities easy access to Canadians' online activities, including the power to force ISPs to hand over private customer data without a warrant. Adding insult to injury, the legislation will also pave the way to gag orders that would prevent online service providers from notifying subscribers that their private data has been disclosed–a move that would make it impossible for users to seek legal recourse for privacy violations.
The dangers of these measures should not be underestimated. Openmedia.ca, CIPPIC, and other civil society groups have firmly denounced these spy bills and worked tirelessly to raise awareness about their true impact and intent. The wildly successful Stop Online Spying campaign, which began in June, now has over 75,000 signatures (please sign now if you haven't already).
Canadian Privacy Debate Heats Up
On October 26, Federal Privacy Commissioner Jennifer Stoddart sent a letter to Vic Toews outlining her deep concern about the potential impacts of this online spying legislation prior to its reintroduction. Commissioner Stoddart reminded Toews that privacy protection “underpins our democratic freedoms…It allows us to exercise these freedoms openly, without fear, mistrust or censorship. This is why caution is so critical, to avoid the possible erosion of our free, open society.”
Public Safety Minister Vic Toews replied that he won't budge on the government's online surveillance laws despite the "deep concerns" of Canada's privacy watchdog. Toews was quick to uphold his support of these bills, saying that:
Our approach strikes an appropriate balance between the investigative powers used to protect public safety and the necessity to safeguard the privacy of Canadians…As technology evolves, many criminal activities — such as the distribution of child pornography — become much easier. We are proposing measures to bring our laws into the 21st Century and provide police with the tools they need to do their job.
“Privacy Invasion shouldn't be ‘lawful'”
A few days after Toews' reply, Information and Privacy Commissioner of Ontario Ann Cavoukian came out strongly against the bills in the National Post:
I must add my voice to the growing dismay regarding the impact of impending ‘lawful access' legislation in this country. In my view, it is highly misleading to call it “lawful.” Let's call it what it is — a system of expanded surveillance.
Commissioner Cavoukian also sent a letter to Toews outlining the imminent threats they posed to Canadians' privacy: “New powers must not come at the expense of the constitutional framework." Warrantless access to subscriber information is "untenable and should be withdrawn."
Christopher Parsons, a PhD candidate studying surveillance technologies, recently blogged that:
A large number of Canadians who look at these proposals may feel some unease but then quickly assert that the legislation is ultimately innocuous. The standard rhetoric is that ‘If you have nothing to hide then you shouldn't fear this legislation.' Such a statement obfuscates the realities of both contemporary policing and what studies demonstrate about how people actually versus rhetorically understand privacy… …being situated in a wrong category can have significant implications on one's life regardless of whether a person has ‘something to hide' or not…. [What matters is] the ‘types' of people one knowingly and unknowingly associates with, whom their associates are connected to, and the risk profiles that are assigned to those communicative partners and their colleagues…
The government has attempted to defend its stance on warrantless disclosure of subscriber information, arguing such identifiers are analogous to what can be found in a phone book. Many have pointed out the flaws in this analogy. Canadian Internet Law expert Professor Michael Geist explains:
While some of that information may seem relatively harmless, the ability to link it with other data will often open the door to a detailed profile about an identifiable person. Given its potential sensitivity, the decision to require disclosure without any oversight should raise concerns within the Canadian privacy community.
On the merits of Minister Toews' analogy, Commissioner Cavoukian adds:
Consider just one of the new threats to our fundamental freedoms: police could force telecoms to provide the name, address and unique device number of people (enabling online tracking) who posted comments on newspapers' websites under pseudonyms - without a warrant, without explanation and in secret.
Canadian Lawyer, David Fraser, former Chair of the Canadian Bar Association's National Privacy and Access Law Section, joined the debate and explained why lawful access legislation should not be allowed:
We expect to carry on our lawful lives free from police intrusion unless a judge can be persuaded that the police are justified in their intrusion into your life, including the fact that the intrusion relates to a lawful investigation into criminal wrongdoing. Lawful access would remove the only check and balance, allowing police the ability monitor citizens without any reason.
The heavy technical surveillance capacity obligations the legislation seeks to impose on ISPs even threaten Canada's fragile competitive telecom environment. A lawyer for a coalition of independent ISPs outlined the risks such bills pose to small independent ISPs. ITWorldCanada notes, reporting on a recent panel:
“Assuming it will be the same act introduced in the last Parliament, “this isn't going to be sustainable,” Chris Tacit, who acts for the Canadian Network Operators Consortium (CNOC), said Wednesday during a regulatory panel discussion at a conference in Toronto for independent ISPs.”
While no one can know what the new versions of the bills will look like, it is our hope that Toews will at least begin to consider the 75,000 Canadian voices opposing a law that would fundamentally jeopardize Canadian privacy and security. If similar bills are introduced in the coming weeks or months, Canadians must mobilize to fight to protect their data from excessive state surveillance.
===
For more information and updates:
Follow #lawfulaccess, #stopspying and #cdnpoli on Twitter.
CIPPIC: @cippic - http://www.cippic.ca/en/lawful-access-faq
Open Media - @OpenMedia_ca - http://openmedia.ca
Michael Geist - @mgeist - http://www.michaelgeist.ca
Activist Post
As the U.S. steps up aid to Syrian rebels and Israel has begun preemptively bombing Syria because they claim the Assad regime is using chemical weapons in the conflict, a United Nations investigation has revealed just the opposite.
The rebels are the ones responsible for using sarin gas and other chemical weapons, according to testimony given to medical staff and human rights workers.
Reuters reports:
The United Nations independent commission of inquiry on Syria has not yet seen evidence of government forces having used chemical weapons, which are banned under international law, said commission member Carla Del Ponte.
“Our investigators have been in neighboring countries interviewing victims, doctors and field hospitals and, according to their report of last week which I have seen, there are strong, concrete suspicions but not yet incontrovertible proof of the use of sarin gas, from the way the victims were treated,” Del Ponte said in an interview with Swiss-Italian television.
“This was use on the part of the opposition, the rebels, not by the government authorities,” she added, speaking in Italian.
The Obama Administration is continually expressing outrage at the Syrian government over what they call “varying degrees of confidence” that Assad used chemical weapons in the conflict. The Administration made these charges with no viable evidence or reliable intelligence.
While the West tries to imply that the Assad regime is guilty of war crimes based on rumor, Israel's unprovoked strike against Syria is a clear international crime in direct violation of international law. Shall we add the use of chemical weapons by the allied Syrian rebels to the list of war crimes?
Read articles by Activist Post Here
Spread the love
San Jose, CA — Alen Chen, a San Jose State University student is suing the University of California system, San Jose State, and officers Sean Farrell, Jonathan Silva, Muniz Adais, as well as officers Tassio and Buckovic. Chen claims the defendants: used excessive force during his arrest, failed to provide reasonable post-arrest care, were negligent, battered him and intentionally inflicted emotional distress when they arrested him on April 17th, 2015.
The incident began as Chen was waiting with his friend to attend a music event headlining DJ Dillon Francis at the Event Center at San Jose State University when his friend became involved in a discussion with Event Center security staff. The pair was told to leave. And even though Chen attempted to separate himself from his friend's actions, the two left their place in line, headed down the stairs, and away from the entrance doors. Chen's apartment was in the direction with which the line of patrons was formed. As he was walking away from the Event Center, he was explaining to friends he passed why he was being asked to leave. And that's when it happened.
He was approached by SJSU police officers Silva and Edais. He was asked by Silva, “Sup, bro. Didn't they tell you to go?” And without really giving Chen time to even answer the question, he says he was violently thrown to the concrete, face first. The blow resulted in him being knocked unconscious, and his front teeth being broken. The pair of officers screamed for him to stop resisting but his lawyers contend, according to court documents, at no time did he resist.
While still unconscious, the lawsuit declares Chen was violently stepped on and pummeled with punches. Several people witnessed the attack and reported the crew of officers whisked Chen away quickly to draw attention away from their actions. Chen was allegedly then dragged by his handcuffs to an awaiting patrol car where he was placed inside. There, he started bleeding profusely but was told to stop bleeding on the inside of the officer's patrol car, as if one could coagulate their blood on the command of an officer of the peace.
Other officers seemed to gloat over the punishment they dished out on Chen's visage. “Oh look what you did to his face and teeth,” they began to mockingly say. The blood appeared to be too much for the officers to endure, so they put a bag over his face, presumably the kind they use when a suspect is spitting. Then they transported him to an ambulance where he was treated for his most immediate injuries. He was transported to Valley Medical Center but wasn't allowed to go inside for treatment. Rather, he was forced to remain outside in the cold. It was only until the following day that he was allowed to leave.
The following day he noticed bruises all over his body along with a swollen face, elbows, knees, back and neck pain, scratches all over his body, and headaches among other injuries. The most serious of which were his teeth. Chen had to undergo emergency dental surgery to implant two teeth in place of the two which were irreparably damaged. Several weeks later, on May 11th, Chen was charged with being drunk in public and resisting arrest but those charges were later dismissed.
The lawsuit, which was filed on April 12th, seeks actual, consequential and punitive damages for the unreasonable use of force against Chen who says he never once resisted arrest. He even says from the time he was approached by officers, who didn't even identify themselves, to the time he was violently slammed to the ground, only a handful of seconds had passed.
We conducted an exhaustive search for any video of the incident. If anyone has such footage and would be so kind as to share it with TFTP, we will gladly update this story. Chen's attorney told a local CBS affiliate, he is in possession of such video.
Chen's attorney, Steven Berki, told CBS San Francisco that he has obtained a video from a chest-mounted police camera that captured the beginning of the incident including the officers slamming Chen into the ground. A video taken by a person in line for the concert also captured the incident, he said.
As the clash between police and protesters over the construction of a pipeline in North Dakota continues, tribal nations and environmentalists are gearing up to fight an even bigger pipeline in the Pacific Northwest.
On Tuesday, Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau gave the green light to the construction of a new pipeline, dubbed the Trans Mountain Expansion Project. This one would triple the amount of oil going from Alberta to a shipping terminal in Burnaby, a suburb just east of Vancouver, increasing the capacity of the existing system from 300,000 barrels a day to 890,000.
The battle to stop the pipeline in British Columbia and protect Salish Sea waters on both sides of the border could bring some of the largest environmental protests ever seen in Cascadia.
On Thursday, a leader of the protests in Canada predicted that the pipeline will never be built, noting that the route of the pipeline will go right to Vancouver, the nation's second largest city and a hotbed of environmental activism.
More importantly — to supporters and opponents — the plans will bring nearly a sevenfold increase in the number of oil tankers in the waters of the Salish Sea, from 120 per year to 816. The shipping would allow the energy industry and Canada to reap big returns from sales to refineries California and Asia. The $6.8 billion project is expected to make Canada the biggest oil producer in the Americas.
It's been a good week, though, for Kinder Morgan, a giant Texas-based multinational energy firm, and supporters of the company's planned pipeline from the Alberta oil sands to the coast of British Columbia.
Kinder Morgan proposed the expansion in December 2013, and Canada's National Energy Board recommended approval in May. On Tuesday, Trudeau made the final decision to move forward with it, saying that he would impose strong environmental safeguards. And he said the project would provide many jobs as well as spurring larger-scale Canadian economic development.
“We have not been and will not be swayed by political arguments, be they local, regional or national,” Trudeau said. “We have made this decision because we are convinced it is safe for B.C. and the right one for Canada.”
Four Washington tribes — the Swinomish, Tulalip, Suquamish and Lummi — fought the decision in Canadian hearings and immediately vowed to continue to work to overturn the decision.
Jewell James, a Lummi Nation member and famed woodcarver, expressed disappointment and called the proposal “a very big threat.” Tribal nations and environmentalists point to the likely risks for fish, orcas and water quality.
“We're all very concerned about the quality of the Pacific Northwest for future generations,” James said.
Jewell took part in the North Dakota protests late this summer, and he drew a parallel Wednesday. “We know that pipelines will break,” he said, questioning Trudeau's assurance of environmental safety. “They always break. They have been breaking. There's no guarantee that they can prevent it. The same thing with ships. It's not, will they wreck? It's when will they wreck.”
Kristen Boyles, an Earthjustice attorney in Seattle who represents U.S. tribes in the fight against Kinder Morgan, said, “American tribes have treaty-protected rights which they believe were not considered or consulted to a fair degree.”
She added, “Prime Minister Trudeau had talked a good game until now about respecting tribal rights, about respecting preservation of the Salish Sea and the environment. I was surprised that his decision was so blatantly in favor of oil companies.”
The Washington-based tribes will continue to work closely with the other Coastal Salish First Nations opponents of the pipeline, she said.
The U.S. administration and Sens. Patty Murray and Maria Cantwell have done little or nothing to express concerns about tribal fishing rights and environmental protection, Boyles said, but noted that the Washington state Department of Ecology has expressed concerns about the effects of any tanker wreck. Immediately after Trudeau's decision, an environmental group, Stand Up to Oil, called on the two Democratic senators, the rest of Washington's congressional delegation and Gov. Jay Inslee to make their voices heard in opposition. Still, Boyle and others said it's not immediately clear what U.S. opponents can do, other than to support the opposition in British Columbia while looking at possible legal strategies.
A leading organizer there, Karen Mahon of Stand.earth, expressed optimism about stopping the project. “We do have a pathway to defeat this pipeline,” she said on a conference call with reporters Thursday morning.
Mahon noted that two and a half years ago, the Canadian government gave similar, tentative approval to another West Coast pipeline, which would have been farther north in British Columbia. Legal action beat back that proposal, with a court ruling that the First Nations fishing and environmental concerns had not been adequately considered. In his Tuesday announcement supporting Kinder Morgan's proposal, Trudeau said he wouldn't appeal the ruling, effectively killing the northern route.
Mahon said opponents would take a similar legal tack with Kinder Morgan's Transmountain Project.
She also pointed to political action, saying that more than 1,000 people had already trained in nonviolent civil disobedience tactics to prepare for protests in case Trudeau gave Kinder Morgan the go-ahead. A new round of training is coming up for protests that, she said, are likely to far exceed British Columbia's epic battles that protected old-growth forests in the 1990s. She said some leading political figures have already promised to join the activists on the protest lines.
“We will basically see," she predicted, "what people are already calling Standing Rock North.”
Debt Management Plans For UK People
Rising prices and limited incomes have caused many UK consumers to fall into debt, even when they make every effort to prevent this from happening.
The strategies that allow people to resolve their financial issues are categorized as debt management. UK consumers who are falling behind with paying their bills should make debt management a priority.
The best time to get debt under control is before it becomes unmanageable. Experts recommend that consumers implement a debt management plan as soon as they begin falling behind on their bills.
Our company provides debt management services and quotes for UK consumers with any level of debt.
Our Company - How We Can Help You
While many services offer informal debt management programs, very few offer formal plans. We are proud to be an organization that provides numerous formal debt management plans for UK consumers with large amounts of debt.
This enables us to help not only consumers who are sliding down the slippery financial slope into debt but also those who are watching debt pile up around them and becoming more desperate by the minute.
After reading the information above, you realize how many different programs there are in the UK alone. For someone with little to no previous experience with this topic, merely reviewing the options can be overwhelming. Were you required to make a decision on your own, you would probably be ready to give up and just let debt overtake you. We are here to make sure that does not happen, as our goal is to help you get on solid financial ground as quickly as possible.
Whether the debt is small enough to be addressed through creditor repayment negotiations or requires a more aggressive tactic, our company can handle it. While a large amount of debt may be overwhelming to those facing it, our experts are used to handling these figures and coming up with the most effective solutions. Over our years of experience, we have seen it all and this exposure benefits you, our potential customer. In some cases, a combination of approaches may be required. A less experienced company is often not skilled in developing such a multi-faceted debt management plan. This results in consumers overpaying for their debts and taking longer to free themselves financially. The goal of our company is to help you eliminate debt in the most efficient manner and prevent it from reoccurring.
No one hopes that an IVA or bankruptcy is in the future but if one of these is the only option, our company can provide assistance. These formal solutions are more complex than other methods of consolidating debt. A licensed Insolvency Practitioner (IP) is the only individual who can establish an IVA and only this person or an Official Receiver can serve as a trustee in bankruptcy. We match you with these qualified individuals, saving you the work.
Whether you know which debt management solutions are right for you or are exploring your options, contacting our company should be your first step. We will help you from start to finish, streamlining the processes of consolidating and eliminating debt. Being under financial strain is difficult and we want to reduce the stress involved while getting our customers back on their feet financially.
The most experienced DM company is staffed with professionals who provide accurate information and guide those in debt to the most effective solutions. This describes our company perfectly and our customer service team is available when you need us. Explore our website to learn more about managing your debt and then contact us to learn how we can help.
Types of Debt Management Plans
In the UK, Debt Negotiation, Debt Consolidation, Individual Voluntary Arrangements (IVAs), and Bankruptcy are the main types of debt management programs.
In a debt negotiation arrangement, the debtor makes arrangements with creditors directly. A debt management company is often not used, allowing the individual to avoid paying any fees. Though this process requires diligence on the part of the debtor, the individual may only have to repay 30 to 70 percent of the debt. A third party can be used and may be able to negotiate an even smaller repayment, but this is partially offset by the fee charged.
Debt consolidation involves assistance from a debt management company. The company helps the individual develop a debt management plan to repay outstanding balances. An experienced professional negotiates lower interest rates from creditors, reducing the total payment due. With a debt consolidation arrangement, a single monthly debt payment is made to the company providing assistance. This company then allocates the proper amount of money to each creditor.
This arrangement is similar to an Individual Voluntary Arrangement, or IVA. It is often the choice of individuals who do not want to directly interact with creditors. UK consumers who are interested in debt consolidation should use a debt solution calculator to find out if they are eligible. They should then contact one of the recommended companies to learn more about the process it uses, as there are subtle differences from one organization to the next.
A debt consolidation loan is similar to debt consolidation because it combines all debt and reduces the number of monthly payments that must be made. The difference with this debt management plan is that it involves taking a loan to repay the total amount outstanding. This loan carries an interest rate that increases the total repayment amount. When home equity is used as collateral for a debt consolidation loan, the interest rate is reduced. This is an easy way to lower the repayment, but not everyone is comfortable with releasing equity in the home.
An IVA is a governmental program. It involves a legally binding agreement for the repayment of a reduced amount of debt and the write-off of remaining qualified debts. The rigid structure of this repayment program is often a deterrent, which makes it important to seek assistance from a debt management company. Bankruptcy is a last-resort solution to debt issues and a professional can advise when it is recommended.
Though not a program for handling debt,debt management counseling plays a role in each of the approaches above. An experienced professional reviews the financial situation of the individual, the amount and types of outstanding debt, and repayment ability. Recommendations are based on these factors and may include any or a combination of the three solutions mentioned above.
UK residents who see their bills piling up should learn more about the types of debt management plans and decide which one is right for them. The sooner they take action to reduce their debt, the better. Many are able to become debt-free within just one year by following the advice of someone skilled in managing debt.
Debt Management Services - How Do They Work?
Some UK consumers avoid dealing with debt management services because they are not familiar with how these companies work. There is no big secret to the operations of the best organizations because complete details are provided on the company website. If it appears that the company is too good to be true or is hiding something, it probably is.
Debt management services are middle parties that assist with the development of a DMP. After assessing the debt situation of the consumer, they recommend one or more solutions. Negotiating debt to a percentage of the original balance is one resolution they may propose. Though debtors can do this themselves, it is often time-consuming and someone more experienced can usually negotiate a better deal. Once the arrangements are in place, consumers make their repayments in the same manner as before, paying the revised monthly amounts.
A debt management company may alternatively propose a debt consolidation plan. This solution is suitable for individuals who have the money to repay outstanding balances but could benefit from a longer repayment period. By negotiating a reduction in interest rates on outstanding debt, the company reduces the overall repayment required. Consumers have the option of taking longer to repay their outstanding balances, though this will accrue additional interest, albeit at a lower rate than initially charged.
With this arrangement, debts are also combined into one. The debtor makes one monthly payment, issuing it to the debt management company, which divides the payment appropriately among creditors and forwards the money to each one. This makes things much easier on the individual owing the money because there is only one payment date, amount, and payee to remember. The chance that a payment will be skipped decreases, allowing the debtor to eliminate late charges and additional interest accrual.
Services include debt consolidation loans in the recommended solutions for some debtors. Like a consolidation program, this aggregates the debt, creating only one payment. A loan is then taken to repay the total debt amount. The consumer is then responsible for repaying this loan principal plus interest. This solution removes the debt from the credit record but adds a loan. Therefore, it is important that the debtor make the minimum required loan payment on time each month.
A reputable debt solutions provider does not merely provide these solutions and then walk away. It discusses the pros and cons of each one with the consumer. It also provides additional debt management counseling that includes developing a budget and offering tips to avoid getting into debt in the future. Company representatives know that providing excellent service is the best way to become a go-to solution for others in debt.
Whether they want an informal debt management plan, a debt consolidation program, or a consolidation loan, consumers should review the debt management services that operate in the UK. By finding one with an excellent record of accomplishment that matches them with the most cost-effective solutions, UK consumers get themselves on the correct financial path. Any company that is less than forthcoming with its process should be avoided.
Dealing With The Burden Of Personal Debt
Toulon coach Diego Dominguez wants Wales full-back Leigh Halfpenny to stay at the club beyond the current season.
Halfpenny's current deal expires at the end of the season after he joined the club in 2014 from Cardiff Blues. While Halfpenny might decide to return to Wales next year Dominguez believes he should stay at Toulon if he wants to keep on improving.
"We speak very often with him about (his future), and I am confident he will stay," Dominguez told BBC Radio 5 Live.
"I think for him it will be the best decision to be outside (Wales), to challenge the best every week. I respect him as a person so I have told him this, not as a coach, but as personal advice."
Under the terms of the Welsh Rugby Union's senior player selection policy, Halfpenny will have to rely on a wildcard pick if he is to play for the national side. Interim head coach Rob Howley hopes the ruling will encourage those based overseas to return to a region.
Halfpenny is reportedly open-minded about his future, and is concentrating on reaching peak form and fitness after missing the bulk of last season with a serious knee injury.
Dominguez believes the player will soon be back to his best.
"It is never simple to come back but Leigh is coming back very well. He is very professional. I have no doubt he will come back 100% as he was before the injury," Dominguez said.
"He is happy at the club, he is having a good time. This year he is much more open, he is making new friends in France. He hasn't made the decision yet, but I will be very happy if he stays and the club will be very happy if he stays."
-
Did you know that law enforcement can track your cellphone with a fake cell tower? It's true — and devices that do this, known as stingrays, are at the center of a growing scandal.
The FBI has done everything it could to keep the existence and use of stingrays a secret. Local law enforcement agencies are forced to sign nondisclosure agreements before they can use the devices. The FBI claims that revealing details about how the gadgets work would tip off criminals and terrorists, rendering them less effective.
But in recent months, civil liberties groups have steadily chipped away at the secrecy of these devices. We've learned that they're used by dozens — and probably hundreds — of law enforcement agencies across the country, and that at least one agency has used them thousands of times.
Critics say the way these devices have been used violates the US Constitution, by tracking people's locations without judicial oversight. And the secrecy surrounding the devices also appears to be hampering efforts to prosecute violent criminals, as prosecutors have dropped key evidence rather than discuss how it was obtained.
The extreme secrecy surrounding these devices is out of step with the American tradition of open and accountable government. Americans have a right to know that law enforcement spying has proper judicial oversight. And this kind of oversight is impossible if even basic information about the technology is kept under wraps.
Stingrays are fake cellphone towers police use to spy on people
When you turn on your cellphone, it scans the surrounding area to find the cellular tower with the best connection. It then communicates with this tower to send and receive phone calls and other data.
A device called a cell-site simulator, popularly known as a "stingray," lets law enforcement spy on people by pretending to be a cellphone tower. This device, not much larger than a toaster, fools nearby mobile devices into connecting to it instead of to a real cellphone tower. That gives law enforcement information about the identity and precise location of nearby mobile devices. Police departments say they never use the devices to intercept the contents of people's calls or messages, though it's hard to verify that without knowing more about how they work.
By turning everyone's cellphone into a tracking device, stingrays allow cops to track suspects from the back of a van hundreds of feet away — without any help from the target's cellular provider. Unsurprisingly, the devices have proliferated to police departments across the country.
And while we don't know the full extent of Stingray use, there's evidence that they're used heavily by law enforcement agencies. The ACLU has compiled a map of states where law enforcement is known to be using the devices — there are almost certainly other places where their use has yet to be uncovered:
How often are the devices used? Most police departments won't say. But police in Baltimore recently admitted that they've used the device 4,300 times. And we don't know how many of these uses occurred with court approval — we'll discuss the legal issues more below.
The FBI has closely guarded the secrecy of stingray technology
We know that many law enforcement agencies use this technology, but we don't know how many agencies use the devices or how often they do so. That's because an elaborate scheme has mostly kept the devices out of the public eye until recently.
The FBI thinks that releasing even seemingly minor information can cause harm
Because stingrays emit radio waves, they must be approved by the Federal Communications Commission before they can be used. Harris Corporation, the leading manufacturer of the devices, asked the FCC to require state and local law enforcement agencies to get approval from the FBI before they can use the devices. And the FBI, in turn, requires law enforcement agencies to sign nondisclosure agreements in order to get access.
The FBI declined to comment for this story, but a spokesman sent me a copy of a 2014 affidavit from an FBI official explaining why the agency requires that information about the devices be kept secret. The FBI says that giving the public details about how stingray technology works or how it's used could provide criminals and terrorists with information that allows them to "develop defensive technology, modify their behaviors, and otherwise take countermeasures designed to thwart the use of this technology."
The FBI thinks that releasing even seemingly minor information can cause harm, since the bad guys can piece together different bits of information to learn how stingrays work and how they can be evaded.
Earlier this month, the New York Civil Liberties Union obtained a copy of the nondisclosure agreement the FBI asked the sheriff's office in Erie County, New York, to sign in order to use cell-site simulators. The agreement bars recipients from telling anyone about the devices, and specifically prohibits Erie County law enforcement from disclosing information about stingray technology in court.
Stingray secrecy appears to be hampering prosecutions
The FBI's gag order appears to be undermining efforts to prosecute violent criminals. This week, for example, the St. Louis Post-Dispatch reported that the St. Louis city police chose to drop the prosecution of three men charged in a violent robbery spree shortly before a government witness would have had to testify about the use of stingray devices in the case. Prosecutors say the timing was a coincidence.
Judges are getting fed up with the secrecy surrounding stingrays
In a Baltimore case last year, prosecutors chose to drop evidence about the location of a suspect's phone after an angry judge insisted that police explain how they had located it. In Florida, prosecutors offered a defendant a generous plea deal to avoid having to comply with a judge's order to show a stingray device to the defendants' lawyers.
If the FBI continues insisting on keeping the devices secret, this problem is only going to get worse. In the past, defense attorneys didn't know that stingrays existed, so they didn't ask questions about them. But now defense lawyers not only know the devices exist, they also know that pressing for information about them can force prosecutors to drop the case. So expect law enforcement to face a lot more awkward questions about this in the coming months.
Meanwhile, there are signs that judges are getting fed up with the secrecy surrounding stingrays. When a Baltimore police officer said he was barred from discussing the stingray in court due to a nondisclosure agreement, Baltimore Judge Barry Williams retorted, "You don't have a nondisclosure agreement with the court," and threatened to hold the cop in contempt if he didn't answer the question.
Stingrays — and stingray secrecy — raise constitutional issues
Adam Bates, an analyst at the Cato Institute (where I was a staff writer from 2003 to 2005), says that law enforcement use of stingrays raises two different constitutional issues.
One has to do with the Fourth Amendment. While the law isn't totally clear, a 2012 Supreme Court ruling suggested that tracking a suspect's location without a warrant may run afoul of the Fourth Amendment's rule against warrantless surveillance. For example, Bates notes that documents in Erie County showed that police "had deployed the device 47 times and had only gotten one court order." Future court cases will likely clarify when the police must seek judicial approval before tracking suspects.
A related problem, Bates says, is that when police use a stingray, they capture information about every cellphone in a large area. That means that in the process of spying on a single criminal suspect, they may also capture information about the location of dozens of totally innocent people, as well — making judicial oversight all the more necessary.
Also, it wouldn't be difficult for stingray-type devices to intercept not only a suspect's location and identity, but also the contents of his communications. Bates says law enforcement agencies have consistently denied that they do this. But given the potential for abuse, he argues that more oversight is needed to verify that these devices are not being used for illegal wiretapping.
And Bates says the FBI's gag order raises additional constitutional issues. "We have a long history of not allowing that kind of secret evidence," Bates says. The Constitution guarantees defendants the right to see evidence used against them and interrogate opposing witnesses. So even if warrantless stingray surveillance is legal, barring prosecutors and police officers from discussing it in court might still violate the Constitution.
It's time for the FBI to come clean about stingrays
The FBI claims it needs to keep information about stingrays under wraps to prevent the bad guys from learning how to evade surveillance. That argument might have made sense a decade ago when the use of this technology was unknown, but it doesn't make much sense today.
This isn't how we handle other police surveillance techniques. For example, law enforcement has long had the power to wiretap people's telephones. Information about specific wiretapping operations — whose phone lines are being tapped, and when — are kept secret for obvious reasons. But the existence of wiretapping capabilities is not a secret.
There's no way to put the stingray genie back in the bottle
Nevertheless, criminals regularly make incriminating statements over tapped phone lines. That's partly because criminals can be careless, and partly because it's hard to know which information might turn out to be incriminating. There's no reason to think that providing more information about how stingrays work would destroy the devices' utility to law enforcement.
We don't know if warrantless cellphone tracking is legal or not. Law enforcement agencies have insisted that the Fourth Amendment doesn't apply in this type of situation, and the courts have yet to squarely address the situation. Prosecuting people using secret evidence certainly seems constitutionally problematic.
In any event, there's no way to put the stingray genie back in the bottle. At this point, smart criminals are going to assume that the police have the ability to track their cell phones. If the FBI continues to insist on secrecy, it's only going to hamper the efforts of prosecutors, who will be put at a disadvantage by their inability to explain how they got incriminating evidence.
Warm your body and soul through nostalgia
Warm your body and soul through nostalgia
Lifting your spirit, smiling, laughing, core energy, soul renewal, divinity, warmth. Don't these words sound inspiring? They may even make you feel relaxed and warm inside. On these cold winter days the tiniest of things can stir and warm our souls.
A ray of sunlight reflecting through the window, the first daffodil, a sign of movement, new activity and the lifting of spirit are all feelings, observations and thoughts that can help us to renew our souls after damp, cold weather conditions. It is important to form balance and reunite with our passions whether its making plans for Spring, gathering with old friends, clearing out the clutter or falling in love again.
Sensing the purity of a new season can light the way for us and interestingly a warm feeling of nostalgia can also help us to regain our sense of inner strength and purpose. Yes, passing over fond memories, taking a trip down memory lane- both mentally and physically. A recent study from the University of Southampton[1] shows people actually feel warmer and have a higher tolerance for cold temperatures when recalling nostalgic memories of the past. The study explains that while nostalgia is known to help combat psychological pains such as loneliness, there are physiological effects as well.
For example, one participant was placed in a cold room. They were instructed then to recall either a nostalgic or ordinary event from their past. They were then asked to guess the temperature of the room. Those who recalled a nostalgic event perceived the room that they were in to be warmer. It may seem ludicrous to think that our emotions and memories can change the way we deal with situations but when we are stressed, nervous or anxious our body will automatically take these feelings on and signals from the brain inform our bodies about this.
For example, our blood pressure may go up, we may start to shake or sweat and in general feel as if we are in great danger. But when we take control and imagine instead that the situation is actually “ok” our bodies instantly begin to retain a sense of calmness and peace. The ability to change and create movement within ourselves can be very rewarding.
Even just by remembering a moment that made us feel warm and fuzzy inside. For example waiting for a bus in the cold, hard rain after a long miserable day will undoubtedly make you feel even worse about your day. But if you were to recall a moment of heat in your life such as a warm, sunny holiday or a sweaty concert that you went to the previous Summer you will instantly start to feel the effects of that moment making you feel a little warmer inside again making the anticipation of your bus even more bearable!
Here are some things you could try to warm both your body and your soul:
Music, memories and magic!
[2]Researcher at the University of California, Davis, believes that the region of the brain where memories of our past are stored and retrieved also serve as a hub that links familiar music, memories and emotion. The discovery may help to explain why music can elicit such strong responses from people with Alzheimer's disease, said the study's author, Petr Janata, associate professor of psychology at the UC Davis Center for Mind and Brain. Interestingly many of us recall happy memories whilst listening to some of our favourite songs or soundtracks and nearly all of us have at least one song that reminds us of a warm and happy time in our lives. Playing a song over from the past can help us to restore that happy feeling once again.
Think warm thoughts only
Remembering times where you felt warm and comforted as a child, cherished as a mother/father, or worshiped by a lover. All these feelings make us feel as if the world is our oyster, like we have absolutely nothing to lose. Casting our minds back and remembering a hug that we received from someone special, a postcard from a long distance or a bouquet of flowers for hard work our essentially ways to enhance our inner wellbeing.
A trip to memory lane
Going somewhere that reminds you of your childhood – the old park you use to meet up in, the bike shed where you received your first kiss or your parent's old tree house where you exposed all your secrets. This could be anything! Even a holiday resort that you want to go back to. Whatever lane you choose to travel down should be a lane that takes you back to that warmth and glow that once filled your heart and soul. Even if you simply choose to imagine this scenery on a cold, dark night, the result can only be a good one!
Necrophilia, or the act of engaging in sexual relations with corpses, has become the stuff of gruesome legend, due in part to serial killers such as Ed Gein, Gary Ridgeway, and Jeffrey Dahmer, and, to a lesser extent, because of films like Kissed, Nekromantik, and Nekromantik 2.
But while the practice is highly taboo in our society, real necrophiliacs (or necrophiles) are alive and among us. Are they the sick, twisted monsters we've seen in film and television, or are they just like the rest of us? This list will attempt to parse fiction from reality and examine the necrophilia facts, even quoting from some real life necrophiliacs. A difficult task, given the stigma attached to having sex with corpses. It's tricky to have one hundred percent solid data on the people who believe that love is a dish best served cold. And due to the fact that some of the most popular necrophiliacs are also serial killers, our views on this subgroup of fetishists and paraphiliacs are somewhat skewed (to say the least).
It is neither the intent of this list to advocate for nor denounce necrophilia, but rather to examine the condition with objective curiosity. If you're a necrophiliac and feel like you have something to add to the conversation, PLEASE leave us a comment.
Kansas State University's policy not to investigate accusations of rape in off-campus fraternity houses is “incorrect,” according to federal government statements filed in court in support of two female students at the university.
The two women, Sara Weckhorst and Tessa Farmer, both told the university that they had been raped in two separate episodes at fraternity houses in 2014 and 2015. In both cases, they say, the university would not investigate because the fraternity houses were off campus, even though they were sanctioned fraternities.
Their federal lawsuits, filed in Kansas in April, say the university violated Title IX, a civil rights statute prohibiting discrimination on the basis of sex, by failing to respond to their complaints of rape. Title IX generally governs gender equity in education.
Responding to the lawsuits, the university argued in court that the cases should be dismissed because it is not legally responsible for reports of student-on-student rape at “off-campus” fraternity houses or events.
A Critical Battle for Working People and the Left
The strong record of Socialist Alternative Seattle City Councilmember Kshama Sawant in achieving victories by organizing and activating working people is the basis to win more, especially for affordable housing. After winning legislation for a $15 an hour minimum wage, the task to make Seattle affordable for all is far from done. Donate and volunteer in this year´s referendum on the first open socialist elected in the city in a century.
This campaign promises to be the most highly visible city council race Seattle has seen in decades, one that pits the corporate establishment against the only consistent voice for working people on the council. Moreover, the impact of this campaign will extend far outside of Seattle, with the potential to inspire more independent, left-wing, pro-worker challengers to the two parties of big business nationwide.
Kshama Sawant´s election victory in 2013 showed that you can challenge pro-corporate candidates independently of the Democratic Party, without taking any money from the super-rich and big business, and on a platform that benefits working people.
In 2015, we're going to prove you can do all that, win concrete victories for working people at the expense of corporate interests while in office, and win re-election.
A Year of Tremendous Change in Seattle
Kshama is running on a strong record: Through the combined efforts of low-wage workers, the labor movement, 15 Now, and Kshama's role as a councilmember, we passed a $15 an hour minimum wage – the first major U.S. city to do so. Through the efforts of Kshama Sawant's council office, we passed Indigenous People's Day, won millions in funding for social services through the People's Budget, won raises for low-wage city workers, and won a major victory in helping defeat a brutal attack on low income housing: the so-called “Stepping Forward” program. We showed that when we organize, we can win! You´ll find many more reports of small and big efforts of Kshama and Socialist Alternative on our website, SocialistAlternative.org or Kshama´s council blog, Sawant.Seattle.gov.
Now, with the call to “Make Seattle Affordable for All,” the campaign to re-elect Kshama Sawant to Seattle City Council in 2015 is off and running.
Confronting the Power of Corporate Cash
In recent polls, Kshama Sawant had a 61% approval rating in her district, and she has become the third most popular representative in the city. However, the corporate establishment, enflamed at the passage of the $15 an hour minimum wage and determined to head off any other reforms that would threaten their profits, is intent on unseating her.
Already, two candidates to the right of Kshama Sawant have entered the race, Rod Hearne and Morgan Beach. In reality, this election is a referendum on Kshama and the pro-working-class interests she unapologetically fights for.
Why will the establishment find us so hard to beat? Because of the grassroots campaign we will launch, and because of your donation and the energy that you can give to support this campaign!
Follow Kshama Sawant's campaign in Seattle at:
KshamaSawant.org
VoteSawant on facebook
@votesawant on Twitter
Get the biggest daily news stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A woman who captured hearts by launching a moving video appeal to find the father of her unborn child has revealed it was a hoax.
Filmed by the beach at Mooloolaba, on Australia's sunshine coast, Natalie Amyot asked social media to help her find "the really cute guy" she met at a party on the last night of her holiday.
But a day after the video was released, another clip was uploaded to her YouTube channel in which she admitted the appeal was actually a marketing ploy set up by Sunny Coast Social Media in Queensland.
The new clip opens with the 26-year-old announcing: "I found him", before stepping aside for the social media company's owner Andy Sellar.
The revelation comes after doubts had been cast over the story of Ms Amyot, who was searching for a man she claimed got her pregnant on the last night of a three-month trip to Australia.
A former friend of the fictional Ms Amyot confirmed to Daily Mail Australia she was in fact Alizee Michel who is believed to have studied marketing and tourism.
Jordan Foster said Ms Michel had attended the University of the Sunshine Coast - north of Brisbane - for "a few years", and had a long-term boyfriend.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
And on Wednesday, the truth was finally revealed by Mr Sellar in a YouTube video.
He said: "This has been a viral video for Holiday Mooloolaba. My name is Andy Sellar and I own a company called Sunny Coast social media.
"We do viral videos for businesses. Now I know there is going to be a lot of you that are upset by this... maybe not too happy.
"But this young lady was just a volunteer in this. I did all the Facebook, the YouTube, I did all the answering. She had nothing to do with that, she literally was just an actress."
Mr Sellar goes on to reveal why he had engaged in such a campaign.
"We just wanted to put Mooloolaba on the map because it's a wonderful place. So thank you for watching and we are going to do many, many more videos like this," he explained.
Earlier on Wednesday, speculation was mounting about whether or not Ms Amyot was real and if her story was fake after she refused to reveal the name of her one-night stand.
The 26-year-old made international headlines when she posted a video onto Facebook and YouTube claiming she had returned home only to discover six weeks later she was pregnant following their one-night stand.
After the "beautiful night" they spent together, the woman pretending to be Ms Amyot said she her phone with his number in soon after arriving back home.
That might have been it - except six weeks later, Natalie found out she was pregnant.
With no way to contact the father of her baby, and no family of her own, the mum-to-be made the dramatic and undeniably romantic decision of flying back to Australia to see if she could find him.
Imploring her audience to share the video, she does not name the man in question during the clip nor on her Facebook page.
However, she describes him as 6ft tall, tanned and with blue eyes with blond hair, saying "If he doesn't want to know then that's OK, but I really want to try and find him."
The video generated a lot of interest and attention, with some comments suggesting her reluctance to name him publicly means it was a hoax.
Hundreds of keen helpers expressed their concerns and support online while others questioned Ms Amyot whether her story was genuine or just an elaborate hoax.
But she hit back at critics, saying: "If you don't want to help or are rude please just go back to you lives and don't judge me [sic].
"I said if he isn't interested ill go home and that is it....can i not try though? why is that so bad," she wrote on Tuesday before the big reveal.
"Am sorry if i have upset anyone doing this...i am just going to go on esplanade tommorw and every day and see...i don't want to go not tv as he will scare by it.....am lost here."
For the first time ever, a vegan baked good has won a nationwide baking competition in Australia. Ka Pies, an Australian company crafting savory hand pies, beat out more than 1,700 other entries from across the country in the Australia's Best Pie competition with its lemongrass and chili-infused Thai Vegetable Curry pie. Helmed by New Zealander Doug Meijer, the company entered its other popular meat- and cheese-based options, but the vegan pie ultimately won out, snagging top honors. It's just the latest development in the world of award-winning New Zealand vegan hand pies—a meat- and dairy-free Mexican-inspired pie beat out hundreds of other entries in a customer submission competition last year, affording the winning recipe to be mass-produced and distributed among one of New Zealand's top gasoline chains. The pie—the first vegan offering made available by the chain—has been so well-received that it's been added permanently to the lineup.
Want more of today's best plant-based news, recipes, and lifestyle?
Get our award-winning magazine! Subscribe
Since Brazil didn't allow the import of microcomputers until 1993, anything users wanted had to be made in and for the local market. For those who wanted a Macintosh, Unitron created the Mac 512, essentially a clone of the 512 KB “Fat Mac”.
Rainer Brockerhoff from Brazil writes, “It's a long story, but here are the highlights. Facts are as they were told to me at the time, but I've no way of verifying the political parts.
“The clone was made around 1985 by Unitron, a Brazilian company that had a very successful line of Apple II clones. Initially the plan was to make a Brazilian Mac under license from Apple; however, Apple would not accept less than a 51% share of the operation, which at that time was specifically prohibited by Brazilian law.
“Unitron went ahead anyway, getting a $10M loan from a government bank, and, with help from university laboratories and National Semiconductor, they succeeded in reverse-engineering the ‘custom' Mac chips: the diskette controller (which was simply a one-chip version of the Apple II controller board), the real-time clock, and the PAL chips.
“At the same time, a software team reverse-engineered the ROM, based on the ‘Inside Mac' specifications. I was a consultant for that team and eventually did most of the Toolbox managers . . . everything was coded in C, except for some critical device drivers and the QuickDraw emulator which were done in Assembly language. As a result, the resulting ROM was originally double the size of Apple's . . . in fact, in the final shipping version it was substituted by static RAM, which was loaded from a special pre-boot floppy.
“Meanwhile Apple had somehow obtained an early hardware prototype which still contained an actual Mac ROM, used for compatibility testing of the chips. They promptly cried foul and pressured the Brazilian government through the State Department. Faced with threats of import barriers for Brazilian shoes and oranges (so they tell me) the government quickly backed down. At the time, a special license was required to manufacture computers in Brazil. The Unitron seems to be the only case where two contradicting reports were filed by the official appraisers: a technical report which lauded the project as a sterling example of reverse-engineering and technical ingenuity and a political report which denounced the project as a contemptible theft of trade secrets.
“Needless to say the project was canceled – over 500 machines had already been made and were ready to ship – and Unitron took a serious financial hit (they're still paying off interest on that loan).
“The chip designs were later sold to a Taiwanese company which also made noises about producing a Mac clone. There was a write-up in Byte magazine at the time, but I can't find their name right now. The lawyers descended on that company, too, and they weren't heard from again.
“Unitron was subsequently downsized. Today they make industrial electronic equipment and still produce small numbers of Apple II clones, which apparently are still used as stage lighting controllers and similar stuff.”
There are claims that Unitron did not reverse engineer Apple's ROMs, but instead cloned the ROMs with a few minor changes. These claims are probably based on the prototype the contained Mac ROMs and was used for compatibility testing. The Mac 512 had 128 KB of ROM, twice as much as the Fat Mac.
Rainer notes that the ROM code was written in a mix of C and assembly language.
Details
These specifications are based on the fact that the Unitron is a clone of the Fat Mac.
introduced 1985; discontinued
works with any system through 4.1
CPU: 8 MHz 68000
performance: 0.8 (relative to SE); 0.7 MIPS
ROM: 128 KB
RAM: 512 KB
9″ b&w screen, 512 x 342 pixels
keyboard attached via coiled telephone-like cable
mouse attached via DB-9 connector
DB-9 serial ports
floppy: 800 KB single sided Chinon drive with eject button
floppy connector on back of computer
size (HxWxD): 13.6″ x 9.6″ x 10.9″
weight: about 18 lbs.
PRAM battery: 3 AA
Gestalt ID: unknown, probably 1 like the Mac 128K and 512K
addressing: 24-bit only
Further Reading
Keywords: #macclone #unitron512 #unitronmac512
Short link: http://goo.gl/6azDZJ
Like this: Like Loading...
Three weeks after Brexit, Keir Starmer held a public meeting in his London constituency of Holborn and St Pancras. “We had hundreds turning up,” he remembered. “The town hall was absolutely packed - it was standing room only and we had to turn people away. We haven't had a public meeting of that size for some time.”
When it comes to Brexit, Starmer is an obvious Labour asset. Director of public prosecutions from 2008 to 2013, he has the legal background to properly scrutinise an EU deal. His time spent as a shadow immigration minister means he understands some of the thorniest problems facing negotiators.
But instead, the MP finds himself on the shadow back benches.
“My decision to resign was driven by Jeremy's decision on the referendum,” he told The Staggers. “I was particularly troubled by his suggestion that we should invoke Article 50 straight away, and start the exit process [Corbyn has since backtracked on this suggestion].
“That is not for me a question of left-right politics. When he said that, I felt he was in fundamentally a different place from me in terms of how we fight for the future of our country.”
Starmer is not a man to enjoy life in opposition, and he has little time for airy promises. “Jeremy talks of dealing with inequality and housing projects, and a fairer society - all of which I would agree,” he said. “What I haven't seen is the emergence of detailed policy that would get us to these places.”
He also gives purists in the party short shrift. “I would reject wholeheartedly any notion of a Labour Party that is not committed to returning to power at the first opportunity,” he said. “Of course that needs to be principled power. But standing on the sidelines looking for the purest ideology is a dereliction of the duty for any Labour member.”
Starmer believes Labour should be joining Scottish and Northern Irish leaders in trying to influence Brexit negotiations. He sees the time before invoking Article 50, the EU exit button, as crucial.
Nevertheless, the man named after the Scottish founder of Labour, Keir Hardie, is pessimistic about the future of the UK.
“It is going to be increasingly difficult to resist a further referendum in Scotland,” he said. “It will be increasingly difficult to keep Scotland as a part of the UK. I hope that doesn't happen, but everyone knows David Cameron has put that at risk.”
Starmer may be a London MP, but he follows events in the rest of the country closely. While still in his shadow cabinet post, he embarked on a countrywide tour to learn more about attitudes to immigration.
He condemns the increase in racist attacks post-Brexit as “despicable”, but insists there is “a world of difference” between these and genuine concerns about resources. “If you lose your job because there has been an influx of labour from another country, that is a legitimate cause for concern.”
He is equally scathing about the Government's net migration cap. “If immigration is simply seen as a numbers game, nobody will ever win that debate,” he said. “The question should be: what is it we want to achieve?
“What do we expect of those who are arriving? What is the basic deal?”
In January, Starmer visited the informal camps in Calais and Dunkirk. “What I saw in Calais was appalling,” he said. “It is an hour from London.
“To see families and children in freezing, squalid conditions without any real hope of a positive outcome was enough to make anybody think: ‘This is not the way to solve the refugee crisis.'”
The new PM, Theresa May, built her reputation on a rigid asylum policy, but Starmer believes a strong opposition can still force change. “If you take the Syrian resettlement scheme, that started life as a scheme for victims of sexual violence,” he said. “When pushed, it became a scheme for 20,000 Syrians but not if they reached Europe. When pushed, the Government accepted the case for some unaccompanied children in Europe to come to this country.
“Labour needs to keep pushing.”
For now, though, Labour is divided. Starmer has been tipped as a future leader before, in 2015, but declined to run because of a lack of political experience. One year and a Brexit on, he certainly has some of that under his belt. But he rules himself out of the current leadership challenge: “I am 100 per cent behind Owen.” What will he do if Jeremy Corbyn wins? “Let's cross each bridge when we come to it.”
Starmer is clear, though, that Labour can only win an election if it comes up with a more ambitious project, an economy with purpose. And the Brexit negotiations provide an opportunity. “We have to ask ourselves,” he said. “Do we simply want a series of trade agreements, the more the merrier? Or do we want deals that achieve certain ends? It is a moment to recast the future.”
The comedian John Oliver lampooned President Donald Trump's plan to spend $314 million to recruit, hire, and train 500 new Border Patrol agents and 1,000 new Immigration and Customs Enforcement officers in 2018.
“These new personnel would improve the integrity of the immigration system by
adding capacity” to stop people from entering the United States illegally, and to remove those who have already entered, Trump's budget proposal says.
Adding capacity quickly hasn't always worked well, however.
Oliver's segment focused on how difficult the job of a border patrol agent can be, given its mixture of humanitarian work and law enforcement. Border Patrol agents are responsible for engaging with a population of people that spans “the Venn diagram of hardened drug dealers and people who need blankets,” Oliver said. That's why a hiring blitz like the one Trump is suggesting raises concerns about corruption, he argued.
As my colleague Jeremy Raff reported in May, Customs and Border Protection traces much of its corruption problem to a post-9/11 hiring surge, when the agency doubled its ranks from 9,821 agents in 2001 to 20,119 in 2009. “In order to inflate its force that quickly, CBP relaxed its hiring standards,” Raff wrote. “Border Patrol sent some agents into the field before background checks were complete, and unlike other federal law-enforcement agencies, they didn't use polygraphs to vet applicants.”
Three family members found dead in concrete tank in NSW town of Gunning
Updated
Three people found dead in a water tank at a rural property in the New South Wales Tablelands overnight were from the same family, authorities have confirmed.
Police said a 69-year-old man was working inside the empty cement tank on his property in Gunning, near Yass, when he collapsed.
Another man, aged 68, and a 63-year-old woman jumped into the tank to try to help and also collapsed.
A neighbour who heard the woman call out contacted emergency services, who arrived to find the bodies of all three people.
Forensic officers established a crime scene, but the deaths were not being treated as suspicious.
Police said post-mortem examinations, to be carried out over the coming days, would help piece together what happened.
The names of the deceased have not been released.
Police are expected to provide an update later this morning in Goulburn.
Topics: accidents---other, gunning-2581, yass-2582, nsw, act, australia
First posted
In his first year he took a lousy hockey team and made it entertaining. In his second year he made it a division champion. But for someone so good at making others better than they really are, since getting the boot from Buffalo, Ted Nolan has failed to do the same for himself.
Once considered a rising star in the NHL coaching ranks and a beloved figure for his great work and fiery persona in his short time in Buffalo, Nolan has been responsible for much of his own career demise since he and John Muckler were both losers in a 1997 power struggle.
And as the 15-year anniversary of his hiring as head coach of the Sabres approaches, Nolan apparently hasn't used up all of the cards in the racism deck just yet.
Two weeks ago, PuckLife Magazine ran an amateurish error-filled Nolan apologist piece disguised as an objective interview, and the former Sabres coach was in rare form. In case you missed it - well, you really didn't. You've seen this routine before:
"You know, that's one of the bad misconceptions out there, that I don't get along with GMs very well, it's just one of those things. You know, me and my wife have been married thirty years. We have disagreements all the time. Does that mean I'm a bad husband?"
"I'm different. I didn't go to their hockey schools, I don't look like them. Racism, when I was younger, was in your face. And I almost preferred that. When you become an adult it is less pronounced but it's there, just not to your face. It's hard to deal with."
"I know the reason (for the rift with franchise goalie Dominik Hasek). And it's just one of those things I'll write in a book when I'm all done. But it wasn't a very pretty situation."
You have to hand it to Nolan for being a master of using emotions to blind people into overlooking simple facts. He's so good at it that he even fooled Hall of Fame writer Frank Deford, who used a 2006 NPR interview with Nolan to jump on board and suggest that racism was behind Nolan not being offered another NHL job.
There's just one problem with this outcry, however. As great a writer as Deford is, he seemingly failed to do his homework on this one.
Six weeks after Nolan lost the Buffalo job, Phil Esposito offered him the head coaching position in Tampa Bay. Nolan rejected him. And while he contends that this was due to the fact that the area didn't have adequate hockey programs for his talented sons, Esposito seems to have a different take on it.
In television and print interviews, Esposito has implied that money was the issue, and that at a time when Tampa was struggling financially due to incompetent ownership and a huge Chris Gratton contract, Nolan demanded a salary of $750,000 - more than what any coach, including Scotty Bowman, made in ‘97. Eventually Jacques Demers, who had better credentials, took the job for $350,000.
During the same offseason, Nolan turned down an offer to become an assistant coach with the New York Islanders. He then rejected them for the head coaching position in January of 2006, but they stayed in pursuit and offered him the job again that summer.
Thankfully for the Islanders, at long last, his schedule was apparently finally free enough to allow New York the esteemed privilege of having him.
There's no shame in accepting a lesser position to stay involved in the game. Former Sabres head coach and the father of hockey video scouting, Roger Neilson, accepted assistant coaching gigs on three separate occasions after having already been a head coach. Ken Hitchcock and Terry Murray took scouting jobs while waiting for openings.
And, unlike Nolan, those guys actually won more than 45% of their games. Having a subpar record along with an entitlement mentality doesn't exactly equate to being a slam dunk for the latest hot coaching gig. It's not about racism - it's about professionalism.
Not coincidentally, it wasn't just an issue in Buffalo but also in New York.
After reaffirming his media darling status following the Islanders earth-shattering eighth place finish in 2007, things fell apart the following season. The team struggled and Nolan once again through the media played his GM like a fiddle, bemoaning the lack of talent on his team. Conflict arose over the use of veteran players like Bill Guerin, Miro Satan, and Rick DiPietro.
At the end of that season, Snow did the unthinkable. He fired the coach that led his team to the 26th best record in a 30-team league.
Was Nolan let go because he is an Ojibwa Indian? Larry Brooks of the New York Post apparently doesn't think so. Following the firing, Brooks wrote: "Ted Nolan fired himself the first week of March when he picked against Rick DiPietro for both ends of a home-and-home series against the Rangers."
Anyone with more than a hockey puck for a brain knows that racism is still a sad reality in society. But Nolan, in comparing the mentality of the naïve and ignorant fools he's faced in his life to the collective mindset of a group of hockey executives simply obsessed with winning, proves to lack any credibility once you put emotion aside and just look at the facts.
Turning down job after job and in the process complaining about being blackballed should make people roll their eyes. Many folks who matter have grown tired of the act.
Media personalities and former Sabres forwards Rob Ray and Matthew Barnaby were once huge Nolan backers, but last year on Canadian television both admitted they no longer felt it was a good idea for any NHL team to hire him.
Sabres Managing Partner Larry Quinn, who also was in charge during Nolan's tenure, said this week on Buffalo sports talk radio that the major cause of the Nolan-Hasek rift was that when newspapers and talk shows turned on him, Hasek could never count on his head coach to defend him.
That theory from Quinn, who himself has had a maligned career, can certainly be opened up for criticism. But the point here is, both in this case and in the Islanders saga, that none of this involves racism and all of it involves professionalism in the eyes of the decision maker. Anyone who has worked in a professional capacity in any walk of life should understand this.
This is not about blackballing anybody. There aren't a lot of openings out there, and good coaches sometimes slip through the cracks for awhile. John Tortorella didn't come close to landing one of the eight head coaching gigs that opened up in 2008 despite having a Stanley Cup championship on his resume.
And when finally offered the Rangers job, he didn't turn it down and then whine about being shut out.
Shortly after the PuckLife interview Nolan said he regretted being "too honest" and declared that he wouldn't talk about it anymore.
Seeing that this soap opera has dragged on far too long, and many fans and media would just assume see it put to bed for good, we can only hope that this time he means it.
Twitter: @DaveDavisHockey
President Obama will make his third and final visit as POTUS to The Daily Show with Jon Stewart on Tuesday, July 21 leading up to Jon's last show as host on Thursday, August 6. Reporters Who Cover The White House are forecasting Obama will use the opportunity to pitch his nuclear deal with Iran to millennials.
You know, like how, in making his third and final visit at POTUS to say so-long to David Letterman, back in May, Obama pitched his plan to play dominoes with Dave.
Obama's been appearing as Stewart's guest for a decade and this will be his seventh visit to Stewart's show overall. He also previously appeared on October 18, 2012, October 27, 2010, October 29, 2008, April 21, 2008, August 22, 2007 and November 7, 2005.
An Obama visit has become one of the stations of the cross for bowing out late-night hosts. “We've grown up with you, this country. And after … coming home from work, knowing you've been there to give us a little bit of joy, a little bit of laughter. It has meant so much,” Obama told Letterman, for instance, in that aforementioned so-long stop on CBS's Late Show. “You've given us a great gift, and we love you,” Obama added.
Obama also suggested that when they were both finished with their current gigs they “play some dominoes together – go to the local Starbuck and swap stories.”
“I plan to teach law at Columbia,” Letterman responded.
“I'd be interested in sitting in on that class,” Obama snarked, adding, “That would be a hoot.”
Here is Obama's first appearance on The Daily Show with Jon Stewart:
With all of the recent talk of increasing the minimum wage, the mega wealthy, the tea party, and the Pope's comments on trickle down economics. Lets look at some facts.
Lets start with trickle down economics. The economic idea of trickle down economics got its start under President Reagan. Some people still refer to it as Reaganomics. It is the belief that giving tax breaks to the wealthy will cause them to have more money and thus create more jobs and stimulate the economy. The problem is that this doesn't account for the ever expanding greed of the mega wealthy. The Pope (Pope Francis) said it best when he said “The promise was that when the glass was full it would overflow, benefitting the poor. But what happens instead is that when the glass is full, it magically gets bigger, nothing ever comes out for the poor.” Anyone that knows me, knows that I am in fact an Atheist and feel that religion is full of it, however, I do have to give the new Pope quite a bit of credit. He is trying very hard to put the church back in line with the teachings of Christ, a man (who assuming he existed) had a very good handle on how people should be treated, with love, kindness, and forgiveness. At any rate, the Pope is correct in his assertion that trickle down economics does not work. Save for when Presidents Kennedy and Clinton were in office, the US has been following the idea of trickle down economics, and the end result is that it hasn't worked. The rich have gotten much richer and the poor have only gotten poorer.
Right now, the poverty line (the minimum wage at which you can survive working 40 hours a week) in the US is $8.11 an hour for a single person. This amount decreases slightly if you are married and have a spouse working 40 hours a week as well. However if you are single with a school age child that wage shoots up to $10.68 an hour (infants and toddlers increase the cost much more).
Now consider that the minimum wage in the US is $7.25 an hour and factor in that none of these numbers include things like health insurance, a vehicle payment, car insurance, prescriptions, going to the doctor or *shudder* doing anything fun such as seeing a movie. A single person working 40 hours a week at minimum wage will make $1250 before taxes in a month, or a net income of $958 a month. Which until you make $7.35 an hour is enough to qualify you for food stamps (around $80). Now find a place to live, food, electric, car, gas, car insurance, and phone service for that. Now, imagine you are a single parent on that income, trying to take care of only one child. There are a lot of good people who are in that exact position. These numbers also assume that you are at work exactly 40 hours a week. If you get sick, you lose hours and thus money. Get overtime? 4 hours of overtime in a month and you will get kicked from food stamps.
Now, lets look at the other side of the fence. The richest 1% of the country owns more than a third of the country's assets and the poorer 50% owns less than 2.5%. Lets take a look at the Walton family. These are the people who own Walmart.
From the 2013 Forbes list of The Richest Americans: (including their relation to the founder Sam Walton)
No. 6: Christy Walton (daughter-in-law), $35.4 billion
No. 7: Jim Walton (son), $33.8 billion
No. 8: Alice Walton (daughter), $33.5 billion
No. 9: S. Robson Walton (son), $33.3 billion
No. 95: Ann Walton Kroenke (niece), $4.7 billion
No. 110: Nancy Walton Laurie (niece), $4 billion
To add that up for you, those six people are worth a total of around $144.7 billion, or as much as the bottom 42 percent of Americans (58,800,000 people) combined. First of all, its a bit absurd that 6 people have the same amount of money as 58 million people combined. Secondly these people want for nothing and at first glance, they look like the model of trickle down economics, they are very wealthy, and are job creators… right? Yes, Walmart is one of the largest employers in the world. But, that doesn't mean much. While Walmart is posting record profits (more than $16 Billion last year), The average Walmart employee makes in a one-earner household, thousands below the $22,000 poverty line. As part of their hiring process, many Walmart locations provide the forms and information to their new hires to get on government aid programs like food stamps. This takes us back to the point of what the Pope said. As a rule, no matter how much the rich have, it will never be enough, they will not willingly of their own accord help those less fortunate. There are some exceptions to this (Bill Gates, Warren Buffet, and the like) But most of the wealthy are not going to do things to benefit the poor.
For those that think the minimum wage should go up, you are right. Had the minimum wage kept up with inflation from its inception, minimum wage would now be $23.25 an hour, or a little over $48,300 a year. Yes the argument can be made that we want to encourage those working minimum wage to get a useful skill set and get a better job, however, with as many people as are out of work after the recession (still around 10% in most places) people are working harder for less money just trying to tread water and stay afloat. Meanwhile, Republicans in congress are dolling out tax breaks for the rich while cutting funding for assistance programs that help those that are working hard and barely surviving.
Oddly enough, looking at what states receive the most federal money for things like SNAP, TANF, SSI, Medicaid, etc is quite different than you would expect from all the Rhetoric. In order from most to least money from the federal government; New Mexico, Mississippi, Alaska, Louisiana, West Virginia, North Dakota, Alabama, South Dakota, Virginia, and Kentucky. All of these states use far more in federal money than they pay in. The states that pay in far more than they take out? New Jersey, Nevada, Connecticut, New Hampshire, Minnesota, Illinois, Delaware, California, New York, Colorado. There is an interesting correlation between blue states (Democrats that are in favor of the aid programs) who pay in far more into those programs than they use, versus the red states (Republicans that are against the aid programs and want to shut them down) who use far more of the money from those programs than they pay in.
In short, trickle down economics is an economic model that's been an overwhelming failure for 98 percent of Americans while benefitting only the richest 2 percent. Who are conveniently pulling the wool over the eyes of many, who vote them ever bigger tax cuts while cutting the much-needed aid from the poor and disenfranchised who need it. The Republican party has been mostly swept away and replaced by the Tea Party, who's sole concern are their corporate backers and are exceptionally good and convincing those that need the most help, to give that up to make the rich even richer. All of this occurring while more states become “Right to Work” states that remove the unions that fight for fair pay and safe working conditions while making it possible for you to lose your job at any time and for any reason.
Advertisements
This is my first blog here on iBuypower and I'm not too sure what direction I want these blogs to head in. I'll start off my first blog talking about my history and how I “went pro”.
I think the start of my gaming career was when my group of friends and I started playing DoTA-Allstars on Warcraft III. I had so much fun playing around with them on easy mode. Some of my favorite heroes back then were techies like Pudge, Mirana, and other solo lane champions. From there I moved into WoW and HoN. I played WoW for a few years back in the 6th grade and kind of set school aside for my gaming. Although my grades were still fine throughout 6-7th they got a little bit worse in 8th grade and my teachers actually had an intervention with my mom about my grades because they didn't think I would do so hot in high school lol. Another reason why they probably did the intervention is because I slept through most of my classes whenever I got the chance to.
Going into high school was about the time that I picked up on HoN. The switch was relatively easy for me as I mainly played all the champions that I had become accustomed to in DoTA, although the items and gameplay were much different and faster than standard DoTA. Once I got into the game a lot more with my friends I felt like I started getting pretty good at it. There was a ranking system called PSR, which stands for Public Skill Rating, and mine was about 1850 for pretty much my whole career of 2000+ games. However, I never really got into the pro scene for that game. Since I only ever saw random tournaments going on and almost had no clue about the tournament meta of tri-laning and such, it never felt like it was a thriving success.
After about a year or two of playing HoN, my friends and I started getting bored of the game and started searching for games that we could sit on for years. We found League of Legends to be a pretty damn good game. At first I was reluctant to switch over because of how much time I had spent playing HoN, and I wasn't sure I just wanted to give up on the game completely. I ended up giving in and playing with them after about a week. I don't regret switching. After a while of playing I hit level 30, and was pretty intimidated by ranked. I only ever wanted to play when I was in the right mood for it. If I ever felt off I would just relax and play normal games. I slowly climbed up to 1900 rating for platinum right before the season ended, playing middle champions mainly, such as Cassiopeia, Brand, and Ahri. It was only until season 2 that I started spamming ranked queue as AD. I got rid of my fear of ranked and played all the way up to 2650 elo which was one of the highest at the time and from there I started getting into the competitive scene.
Right about before summer of last year I was asked by my friend to join his team as a mid player since Phantoml0rd just left the team and they needed a quick replacement. I only played a few matches with them before leaving the team. After that, my friend “jpak” had asked me to try out for his team called Absolute Legends which I thought was sweet at the time. I ended up staying with them for almost my whole summer in college, when I had a lot of free time. We played in small tournaments like go4lol and TSM weekend invitationals. After a while the team started breaking off after we replaced jpak with support daddy or “evaniskus”. He and I decided to make another team with Onionbagel, Kenikth, and Kevin. With this roster we were finally able to do really well at one TSM invitationals, placing 2nd to CLG and giving us 700$ each, which was a lot of money to me back then since I never had a job or any sort of spending money. From there we moved on to the online qualifiers for LCS and ended up going. The LCS qualifier finally came around and we failed to get in, which pretty much made us all really sad. From there we went to MLG Dallas together under the name Dignitas to play and ended up losing to Cloud 9 with turtle on it in the semi's. After Dallas was the IPL 6 qualifiers which we participated in, and lost to Cloud 9 into again. This was about the time when my team's morale was down and Cloud 9 lost their AD turtle to TSM, so my manager helped me out and talked to Hai for me and kind of set me up to tryout for them. I ended up getting the spot and moved in with the guys under the name Quantic in Palmdale for Riot's IPL 6, and for the summer split LCS qualifiers.
The Department of Justice review of Comcast's proposed acquisition of Time Warner Cable is examining whether Comcast lived up to promises it made the government when it purchased NBCUniversal in 2011.
To gain government approval for the NBC merger, Comcast agreed to relinquish any control over the management of Hulu, an online video streaming service co-owned by NBC, Fox, and the Disney-ABC Television Group. Yet in 2013, "executives from Walt Disney Co., 21st Century Fox and Comcast Corp. met to discuss the future of Hulu, the online video service the media companies co-own that was up for sale," a Wall Street Journal story on the merger review said last night.
Although Comcast was not supposed to influence or participate in the governance or management of Hulu, "Comcast's assurances at the Sun Valley meeting played a significant role in how its co-owners evaluated the sale process, people familiar with the other owners' thinking said," the Journal reported. "Comcast told its partners it would help make Hulu the nationwide streaming video platform for the cable TV industry, which would boost the site's growth and make it a stronger rival to Netflix. That influenced Disney and Fox's decision to call off the sale when the conference was ending, people familiar with those companies' thinking said. Among the top bidders for Hulu were Comcast rivals DirecTV and AT&T Inc."
The decision not to sell Hulu "is among the issues that have captured the interest of the Justice Department in recent weeks," the Journal wrote.
Comcast denied playing any role in calling off the Hulu sale, saying, “Comcast has no role in making, evaluating or reconsidering any management decisions at Hulu. Pursuant to the NBCUniversal Consent Decree, Comcast is essentially a passive investor in Hulu. All strategic decisions at Hulu are made by the other partners and not by Comcast.”
In another article last night, the Journal wrote that the Justice Department's antitrust enforcers are skeptical that any conditions could make the merger worth approving. DOJ antitrust lawyers are reportedly close to recommending that the government block the deal.
Comcast is scheduled to meet with DOJ antitrust officials today in what could be the first of numerous meetings about the merger. The Federal Communications Commission is also reviewing the deal.
The merger has numerous potential competitive effects that the DOJ could be examining, according to a Capitol Forum report yesterday by Sally Hubbard, a former antitrust enforcer with the New York attorney general's office. These include "an increased incentive and ability to refuse to carry rival cable content"; incentive to hinder competition "by restricting access to Comcast-owned content," by raising interconnection costs, and imposing data caps; and anticompetitive effects in pricing of regional sports networks.
The report detailed numerous concessions Comcast could make, such as divestiture of content holdings, regional sports networks, and subscribers in key markets. There could also be behavioral conditions including "ethical walls" separating Comcast's programming, broadband, and pay-TV functions, as well as net neutrality commitments.
But if the conditions are too onerous for Comcast, the company could abandon the merger without paying Time Warner Cable a breakup fee.
Happy World Oceans Day! It's the perfect time to admire and protect our world's oceans with the debut of Disney•Pixar's “Finding Dory” swimming into theaters June 17. In anticipation of the film, we are celebrating Speak like a Whale Day June 11 at Walt Disney World Resort and Disneyland Resort. All theme parks at these two sites will distribute buttons to guests, and there will be special festivities at Disney Springs, as well as Downtown Disney at Disneyland Resort.
At The Seas with Nemo & Friends at Epcot, guests may have the opportunity to participate in brief personalized experiences with one of our animal experts throughout the day. Based on your interests, our cast members can provide insider's knowledge about our animals and point out the real-life species who inspired the characters of Dory and her friends, including a sea star like Peach and clownfish like Nemo.
We know that some of you may be inspired to get a fish tank of your own after seeing the film, so here are a few things you should be aware of in order to choose the right pet fish for your family:
On Disney.com/FindingDory, you can find a free downloadable activity packet developed by our Animals, Science and Environment Education Team that includes fun games and recycling-craft ideas. My favorite is the “Speak Like a Whale” activity, in which you work with two of Dory's new friends, Destiny and Bailey, to decode their “whale-speak.” There is also a terrific educator's guide and the pet ownership document above that are also available for download.
To learn more about some of the animals at the Walt Disney World Resort, including sharks, rays, sea turtles and coral reefs, visit DisneyAnimals.com.
There's still time to brush up on your whale-speak before June 11, and you can practice by showing us in the comments below!
NEW YORK (CBSNewYork) — You may have heard of smart cars, smart phones, and even smart washing machines, but what about smart pills?
As CBS2's Dr. Max Gomez explained, the new technology is helping doctors and parents keep children healthy.
Riley Kinman, 5, has to take medication twice a day because of a kidney transplant. The pills keep her body from rejecting the kidney she got from her dad.
But they aren't just any pills. Each one also has a tiny sensor.
The sensor activates inside of Riley's stomach and transmits a signal to a patch that she wears.
The technology then sends data to her doctors and parents through a tablet, alerting them that she took her meds.
“If patients aren't taking their medications as prescribed or missing medication doses, we know they're at a higher risk for potential complication such as organ rejection or infections,” Dr. Dev Desai, Surgical Doctor, Children's Health said.
Children's Health in Dallas is the first hospital in the country to use technology in kids. It's not just whether they take their meds, smart pills also keep track of patients in other ways that impact their health.
“It provides heart rate monitor functions, it gives us an idea of activity and sleep cycles,” Dr. Desai explained.
Riley's parents hope the technology will give her independence.
“Right now, we're in charge, but 10, 15 years, now I'll know exactly when she took her medicine, and I don't have to nag her about it,” Nicole Kinman said.
It's giving everyone peace of mind.
The smart pills are especially important when young patients hit their teenage years. That's when they often rebel against the regimented medication routine they have to follow, because medications only work when they're taken as directed.
It's a message most adults could also take to heart.
Nathan Peterman got quite a bit of attention during his Pro Day at Pittsburgh on Wednesday and the standout quarterback caught the attention of one AFC team. Following his workout in front of several dozen scouts, Peterman had a meeting with the Jets following his Pro Day a source tells Metro New York. The Pitt quarterback had an impressive showing at the event, with good mobility and accuracy. A transfer from Tennessee, Peterman threw for 47 touchdowns and 15 interceptions during his final two seasons of college football, both at Pitt. He was ranked eighth nationally in pass efficiency and fourth nationally in yards per completion. Recommended Slideshows 4 Pictures PHOTOS: Singapore's treasures star in NY Botanical Garden's 2019 Orchid Show 4 Pictures 36 Pictures Oscars 2019: Red carpet looks and full list of winners 36 Pictures 36 Pictures All of these celebrities have had their nudes leaked 36 Pictures More picture galleries 16 Pictures These photos of Trump and Ivanka will make you deeply uncomfortable 16 Pictures 4 Pictures Inside Brooklyn's Teknopolis is tech that makes us more human 4 Pictures 4 Pictures Inside The Strand's Fight Against Being Named a New York City Landmark 4 Pictures The player also met on Wednesday with a representative from the Arizona Cardinals.​ Related Articles Kristian Dyer's 3 things we learned: Giants take down mighty Cowboys Kristian Dyer: New York desperately needs American Pharaoh victory Kristian Dyer: Is Triple Crown bad for horse racing
This post has been updated.
Read more on the complaints from On Faith.
Benetton returns to its controversial marketing roots with a new campaign that features photoshopped images of President Obama and other world leaders engaging in a kiss. In two separate ads, Obama is made to appear as if he is kissing Venezuelan president Hugo Chavez, and Chinese President Hu Jintao.
View Photo Gallery: The clothing company's controversial ad campaign features world leaders kissing.
More from ArtsPost:
Occupy's 84-year-old pepper spray victim: Is this the most iconic image of the movement?
Arts Post : Michele Bachmann makes a point with manicure style
The Unhate Foundation, founded by the Italian clothing company, is an advocacy group for tolerance. The controversial ad campaign is an attempt for Benetton to regain its status from the “United Colors” ads that regularly shocked viewers with subjects that had nothing to do with clothing: A priest kissing a nun, a man dying of AIDS, a just-born baby with umbilical cord still attached, a trio of real human hearts.
In the new campaign, the leaders of North and South Korea lock lips, and German Chancellor Angela Merkel smooches Nicholas Sarkozy, president of France (What will Carla Bruni think?). Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas and Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu also share a kiss. The campaign was inspired by a kiss between Soviet leader Leonid Brezhnev and East German communist leader Erich Honecker in 1979.
The most controversial of the pairings has proven to be the Pope kissing Ahmed Mohamed el-Tayeb, the Imam of al-Azhar mosque in Egypt. The Vatican condemned the image, and the company decided to remove it from all publications after complaints. On Thursday, the Vatican announced that it plans to take legal action over the image. The BBC said it was unclear if the Vatican planned to sue the Benetton directly for damages. A statement from the Vatican said the ad was “damaging to not only to dignity of the Pope and the Catholic Church but also to the feelings of believers.” A spokesperson for al-Azhar called the ad “irresponsible and absurd.”
“It means not hating,” Alessandro Benetton, deputy chairman of Benetton Group and son of the founder of the family company told the Wall Street Journal. “In a moment of darkness, with the financial crisis, what's going on in North African countries, in Athens, this is an attitude we can all embrace that can have positive energy.”
Skepticism abounds, though — the company's sales have been dragging, and some are speculating that the ad campaign might just be a way of jolting consumers into remembering the Benetton name. The campaign is the first part of a three-step plan to revive the Benetton brand. According to the WSJ, the brand is also rethinking its clothing lines.
Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas kissing Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu (Courtesy Unhate)
North Korean Supreme Leader Kim Jong-Il kissing South Korean President Lee Myung-bak (Courtesy Unhate)
Read more from The Washington Post:
Bradley Cooper: ‘Sexiest Man Alive'
Super Mario is targeted by PETA
For the professional Washington woman, Ann Taylor is her muse
View your WP7 App's Isolated Storage Structure (with source code)
August 12, 2010
Working with the Isolated Storage within the Windows Phone 7 emulator can be quite tricky. Firstly, there are often exceptions thrown that don't always explain what the root cause of the error is. Secondly, it's often difficult to figure out the structure of your Isolated Storage, especially as more directories and files are created. Therefore, I decided to write a quick class (IsoViewer.cs) which makes it easier to get an overview of the structure of your Isolated Storage.
It will display the directories present and their subdirectories. It will also display all the files within the folders. The class is easy to use and, by default, displays the structure using Debug.WriteLine so you'll be able to see it within the Output window of Visual Studio. Of course, this can easily be changed, so you can route the information to an external file or have it displayed elsewhere. In order to use the class, simply add it to your project and call it with IsoViewer.GetIsolatedStorageView(pattern, IsolatedStorageFile) – simple. To display all files, simply use “*” as the pattern. The class is static, so there's no need to create an instance of it.
Download IsoViewer Source Code
Hope you find this useful! If you have any problems with the code, feel free to comment and I'll try and get them fixed.
Updated (13/08)
A small update – If you don't have any directories, and only files in the root directory, then the files aren't displayed. Add “if (directories.Length == 0) GetFiles(root, “*”, storeFile);” on Line 49 (after initialisation of string[] directories) to fix this. (I've updated the source code in the download already)
Retweet This Post
–@keyboardP
Advertisements
Russia's only aircraft carrier will visit Moscow's small naval base in Syria later this year, BBC Monitoring reported citing a newspaper published by the Russian government.
“At the end of the year, most likely in early December, the Project 11435 heavy aircraft-carrying cruiser the Admiral Kuznetsov will set off on a long-distance sea voyage during which it will call at the Russian Federation Navy's logistical support centre located in the Syrian city of Tartus,” Russia's Defense Ministry said in a statement, BBC Monitoring reported on Saturday, citing a Russian-language report in Rossiyskaya Gazeta, a newspaper run by the Russian government.
The article goes on to quote a Defense Ministry staffer as saying that the route of the vessel's “long-distance sea voyage” was already set and it was therefore unlikely to be affected by the civil war in Syria. The Admiral Kuznetsov's stopover in Tartus is “in no way connected” to the Syrian civil war Rossiyskaya Gazeta paraphrased the staffer as saying, according to BBC Monitoring.
The Admiral Kuznetsov is Russia's only operational aircraft carrier. The article clarifies that Russia refers to the ship as an aircraft-carrying cruiser because “under international treaties aircraft carriers are banned from passing through the Bosporus and Dardanelles…. But this ban does not extend to aircraft-carrying cruisers.”
According to the article, the carrier can hold 50 airplanes and helicopters and comes equipped with “Granit antiship missiles, Kortik and Klinok surface-to-air missiles, and Udav antisubmarine warfare systems.” The article also reports that the Admiral Kuznetsov is 14,000 square meters and carries a crew of nearly 2,200 people including flight and technical personnel.
Earlier this year a Russian naval officer told Interfax that the Navy had decided to end the Admiral Kuznetsov's scheduled maintenance early and deploy it on a mission that would include a stopover in the Mediterranean Sea, where Russia has established a permanent naval task force in response to the hostilities in the Middle East. That report did not specify whether it deployed to the Tartus military base in Syria, although speculation abounded.
As late as Friday Interfax reported that Russia's Defense Ministry had told the newspaper that no decision had been made yet on whether the carrier would deploy to the Tartus base after it completes maintenance later this year.
The Admiral Kuznetsov previously made a port call at Tartus in January 2012 as part of a “naval carrier group” that was on a 43-day voyage in late 2011 and early 2012. After the naval carrier group returned, Russia's defense minister at the time said the carrier group's presence in the Mediterranean confirmed Russia's status as a “great naval power.”
Russia has been beefing up its Mediterranean task force over the past week as the U.S. and France contemplate air strikes against the Bashar al-Assad regime in Syria for its suspected chemical weapon attacks against civilians. Last week Russian military officials told Interfax that a missile cruiser from the Black Sea Fleet and a large anti-submarine ship usually attached to the North Fleet would deploy to the Mediterranean Sea in the coming days. It clarified that both deployments were routine and had nothing to do with the Syrian conflict.
On Sunday Interfax quoted an unnamed Russian military official as saying that the SSV-201 Priazovye, a reconnaissance ship, had left Sevastopol port in the Black Sea en route to the eastern Mediterranean where it would operate separately from the naval task force already there. Specifically, the military source said the reconnaissance ship's mission would be “"to gather current information in the area of the escalating conflict" in Syria, Reuters reported on Monday, citing the Interfax report.
The U.S. has also beefed up its naval presence off Syria's Coast in the Mediterranean in anticipation of President Barack Obama ordering missile strikes against Syrian regime targets. Last week it was reported that the U.S. had five destroyers armed with cruise missiles stationed in the Mediterranean compared to the 3 it usually deploys to the region.
Additionally, the USS San Antonio (LPD-17), an amphibious transport dock with about a thousand Marines aboard (counting both troops and crew, according to the ship's official website), was given orders to remain in the Mediterranean last week while it was traveling through the Red Sea on a regularly scheduled deployment. The ship can deliver 700-800 Marines on shore. U.S. officials described the decision to have the USS San Antonio remain in the region as a “precaution” and emphasized that there aren't any plans to send U.S. Marines into Syria.
On Monday the U.S. Navy said that it had decided to station a carrier strike group centered around the USS Nimitz in the Red Sea as well, but added that there are no plans to use it in any Syrian contingency at this time. Along with the USS Nimitz aircraft carrier, the carrier strike group includes four additional destroyers and one cruiser. The strike group was expected to return to the U.S. after being deployed in the Arabian Sea as part of Operation Enduring Freedom. It was re-routed to the Red Sea for “prudent positioning” purposes, U.S. officials told media outlets.
Although less acknowledged, the U.S. is almost certainly also operating submarines capable of launching cruise missiles in the region as well.
President Obama announced Saturday that he would ask Congress to support U.S. military action against Syria.
Donald Trump has accused Democrats of working to undermine the legitimacy of his presidency, but he should look somewhere else: to the faceless bureaucrats leaking drafts of his executive orders and the West Wing staffers sharing hugely embarrassing information about him.
In the past two days alone, government sources gave reporters drafts of executive orders that would gut US contributions to international organizations like the United Nations, potentially pave the way for the CIA to once again torture terror suspects, start the process of building Trump's long-promised wall, and make it easier to arrest and deport undocumented immigrants.
By Wednesday afternoon, senior officials like Defense Secretary James Mattis were working to distance themselves from the more controversial of the measures, potentially making it harder for Trump to actually put them into place.
Or consider the surprisingly large array of senior administration officials stepping forward (anonymously) to paint Trump in the worst light possible. New York magazine's Eric Levitz has a useful rundown: One Trump aide told Politico Sunday that the new president “gets bored and likes to watch TV,” while others told the New York Times that Trump's “lack of discipline troubled even senior members of Mr. Trump's circle.”
By Monday night, the Washington Post was publishing a lengthy story describing how Trump “grew increasingly and visibly enraged” by coverage of his sparsely attended inaugural and, “over the objections of his aides and advisers,” ordered White House press secretary Sean Spicer to give a fiery and wholly inaccurate rebuttal. The Post said it based its account on “nearly a dozen senior White House officials and other Trump advisers and confidants.” As Levitz notes:
Nearly a dozen of Trump's closest confidantes helped plant an embarrassing news story about how their boss can't handle embarrassing news stories. Which is to say: A president who prizes loyalty in his subordinates has already been betrayed by a huge swath of his inner circle.
Adding literal insult to injury, the social media accounts of several parts of the National Park Service took to social media in recent days to tweet out information about climate change — which Trump dismisses as a hoax — and retweet a photo distinctly showing that his inauguration drew a far smaller crowd than Barack Obama did in 2009. Trump responded by ordering the Interior Department to temporarily shut down its official Twitter accounts.
In the runup to the election, pundits like the Washington Post's Melinda Henneberger penned columns with titles like “How the government could resist President Trump's orders.” Trump has been in office for less than a week, but there is more and more evidence that the resistance has already started.
Leaks happen all the time. These are different.
All presidents try to prevent leaks, and all presidents fail. But what's happening to Trump is different. There's a lot of it, it's happening quickly, and it seems to come not just from disaffected civil servants but also from Trump's closest aides.
In some ways, that may be the inevitable outcome of Trump's chaotic campaign, which was marked by bitter infighting all the way to the top and his willingness to give Cabinet picks to those who openly disagree with him on an array of key issues.
To take one example, Trump believes torture works and should potentially be reinstated; newly confirmed CIA chief Mike Pompeo, who leads the agency that would actually carry out the brutal interrogations, recently told lawmakers that he would “absolutely not” be willing to do so, even if Trump personally gave the order.
To take another, Trump has startled policymakers from both parties by cozying up to Russian President Vladimir Putin and arguing that NATO had become obsolete; Mattis, the new secretary of defense, told lawmakers at his confirmation hearing that NATO was “the most successful alliance in modern history, and maybe ever,” and that his list of threats to the US “starts with Russia.”
The open divide between Trump and his Cabinet picks is unprecedented in modern US political history, and civil servants at the Pentagon, the CIA, and other agencies could easily decide that their new bosses are giving them a subtle green light to slow-roll or ignore the president's directives.
Some lower-level officials may not wait for that type signal to begin working to stymie Trump. The new president is proposing the harshest changes to the nation's immigration laws in generations, and many of the bureaucrats charged with implementing the new policies are likely to oppose all or some of the new measures. The same holds true at the Pentagon, where there is widespread distrust of Russia, and the CIA, where there is strong institutional opposition to bringing back torture.
Leaking drafts of the executive orders is a good way to give Democrats time to begin mobilizing to fight the measures and to get Trump some bad publicity. It can also help further fuel the internal divisions already wracking the new administration: Just hours after the New York Times broke news of the draft executive order on torture and black sites, unnamed congressional sources told NBC's Ken Dilanian that “[c]ongressional sources tell me Pompeo and Mattis are disclaiming any involvement” with it.
By Wednesday evening, lawmakers from both parties had issued statements blasting the administration for even considering bringing back torture. Arizona Republican Sen. John McCain, who authored a measure designed to ban brutal interrogation techniques, said in a statement, “We are not bringing back torture in the United States of America.”
Given the political furor, it's now unclear when that order will be released — or what it will contain.
Trump's own aides seem to dislike him as many Democrats do
In most administrations, senior White House aides save the most embarrassing stories about the presidents they served for their memoirs. That's not the case with Trump, whose top aides are already giving reporters reams of damaging information about him.
It's not entirely clear what those aides hope to gain by painting their boss as a conspiracy-minded, easily distracted, TV-obsessed bully prone to paranoia, feelings of inadequacy, and flashes of blind, irrational anger.
The generous reading is that they may be hoping that Trump, who is known to obsess over how he's portrayed on television and the media more broadly, may see reports about his behavior and try to grow into the office. The less generous reading is that aides are already trying to distance themselves from a president they see as catastrophically unsuited to the job and to set the stage for other Trump confidants to take the blame for his failures.
Either way, we're left with a president whose draft executive orders are being quickly leaked to the press and whose own West Wing staffers are openly deriding him. And that's all happened within his first week. We have at least 204 more weeks to go.
Watch: Trump's real war is with facts, not the media
Server Deployments, Week 21
As always, please refer to the server deployment thread for the latest updates / news.
On Tuesday, May 19th the Main (SLS) channel received the server maintenance package previously deployed to the three RC channel, comprising Internal server logging changes, back-end system bug fixes and a change to Reply-To e-mail addressing on snapshots. There were no RC deployments on Wednesday, May 20th.
SL Viewer
The Attachments Viewer RC (Project Big Bird) was updated to version 3.7.29.301943 on Thursday May 21st. As noted in part 1 of this week's report, the initial RC release of this viewer had an elevated crash rate compared to the current release viewer, including a crash-on-exit bug, so this release will hopefully address those issues.
Group Chat
A fix for issues around BUG-9130, where some people were unable to see any posts in some or all of there group chats, including their own posts, while everyone else in the same group could see their posts, has started to be deployed across the chat servers, and should be completed on Friday, May 22nd.
“The chat servers got stuck with bad info about where the sender was, so the messages never reached them,” Simon Linden said at the Server Beta User Group meeting on Thursday, May 21st, reiterating an explanation given at a recent Simulator UG meeting. “And unfortunately it wouldn't fix with relogging or even a chat server restart.”
“Loading…” Issue with Names in Group Chats
This is a viewer-side problem which causes avatar names to appear as “Loading” under certain circumstances in group chat (see BUG-3829 and STORM-2114). A contribution by Ansariel Hiller is currently with the Lab and is expected to be released as a part of the next Snowstorm contributions viewer, which is expected to appear soon.
Other Items
Region Restart Glitch
There has been something of a rise in reports of regions experiencing issues following recent following restarts – most noticeably caps failures. This is something the Lab is looking into, and Simon commented, “we have a suspicion that after rolls, as that server host starts up regions, it's doing enough of them at about the same time that things get overloaded. It's still a theory but makes some sense why we'd get cap failures like that.”
Advertisements
At a minimum you will need four 3 inches by 4 inch rectangles of the circuit sheet to form the billfold area. I only carry a few credit cards and my ID so I added two 3 inch square pockets to the pieces that I needed. It might help if you make a template on a sheet of paper and tape the pieces together to better visualize the end product. The circuit sheets are very forgiving and tape can be pulled off without damaging them (in my trials).
Use thick packing tape for this project for the best durability. I have been using my wallet daily from October through March and have only needed to add one small piece of tape. Where the wallet will fold leave a few millimeters between the circuit sheets for a hinge. The more space the more cash (or receipts) the wallet can carry without being forced open by the thick bills.
You might find it helpful to cut pieces of paper out to make a crude template to see how you want to configure your pockets. Just remember to try and build the wallet so that the tape is folded over any seams. Tearing the packing tape is much more difficult if it is folded onto itself.
Makoto Shinkai's your name. anime film stayed at #1 during its 13th weekend at the Japanese box office. It sold 191,000 more tickets for 254 million yen (about US$2.29 million) for a new grand total of 18.9 billion yen (about US$170 million) — just a little over 400 million yen (about US$ 4 million) behind Princess Mononoke's lifetime box office.
Shinkai's latest film had topped the Japanese charts for nine straight weekends since it opened on August 26, and in its 10th weekend dropped to #2 to Death Note Light up the NEW world, before regaining the top spot in its 11th weekend. The film had earned 18.5 billion yen (about US$166 million) as of November 16.
The film is the seventh highest-grossing film of all time in Japan, the fourth highest-grossing Japanese film in Japan, and the fourth highest-grossing anime film in Japan. The three highest-grossing Japanese films in Japan include Spirited Away (30.8 billion yen), Howl's Moving Castle (19.6 billion yen) and Princess Mononoke (19.3 billion yen). Shinkai's your name. is projected to possibly approach 20 billion yen (US$200 million).
The live-action Museum film stayed at #2 for its second weekend. The film adapts Ryōsuke Tomoe's Museum ( Museum - The Serial Killer is Laughing in the Rain ) suspense horror manga, which centers on a series of bizarre murders by a man wearing a frog mask. The man calls himself a vigilante and performs the murders based on themes such as "dogfood punishment," or "punishment of knowing a mother's pain." Detective Sawamura is leading the investigation, but becomes aware that his wife is one of the killer's targets.
Additionally, the Death Note Light up the NEW world live-action stayed at #4 in its fourth weekend. The live-action Oboreru Knife film fell from #6 to #7 during its third weekend. The Eiga Mahō Tsukai Precure! Kiseki no Henshin! Cure Mofurun! anime film dropped from #7 to #8 in its fourth weekend.
Mobile Suit Gundam The Origin IV: Unmei no Zenya ( Mobile Suit Gundam The Origin IV Eve of Destiny ), the fourth episode of the Mobile Suit Gundam the Origin anime, debuted at #9. The film screened at 15 Japanese theaters on Saturday.
The current Char/Sayla arc of the anime ends with the fourth episode. The episode features Char's "fateful encounter" with the girl Lalah Sune, the first Gundam anime's protagonist Amuro Ray, and "the legendary Dr. Minovsky" (whose physics breakthroughs eventually led to mobile suit warfare). The episode also covers the development of the MS-04 and the RX-78 Gundam mobile suits, as well as the first ever mobile suit battle in history.
Daisuki began streaming the episode last Friday with an English dub and English, Japanese, French, Korean, Traditional Chinese (Taiwan), Traditional Chinese (Hong Kong), and Simplified Chinese subtitles.
Sunao Katabuchi's (Mai Mai Miracle, Black Lagoon) In This Corner of the World anime film stayed at #10 in its second weekend. It expanded to 68 screens and thus actually increased its box office from its first weekend to its second weekend. It sold 39,638 more tickets for 56,798,980 yen (about US$513,000) in its second weekend. In total, it has now sold 117,332 tickets for 162,899,760 yen (about US$1.47 million)
Source: Kogyo Tsushin
Update: Added numbers from Eiga.com
A group of former top military officials and intelligence analysts released a new report Wednesday concluding that the nuclear deal with Iran will threaten American interests and increase the probability of military conflict in the Middle East.
In its report, the Iran Strategy Council wrote that the nuclear deal, called the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action (JCPOA), “will enable Iran to increase support for terrorist and insurgent proxies, aggravate sectarian conflict and trigger both nuclear and conventional proliferation cascades.”
Additionally, the deal will “provide the expansionist regime in Tehran with access to resources, technology and international arms markets required to bolster offensive military capabilities in the vital Persian Gulf region, acquire long-range ballistic missiles and develop other major weapons systems,” the council wrote.
In its report, the council argued that the deal is not an alternative to war with Iran, as many of its supports have claimed, but would actually make war more likely.
“Contrary to the false choice between support for the JCPOA and military confrontation, the agreement increases both the probability and danger of hostilities with Iran,” the report noted. “Given the deleterious strategic consequences to the United States, implementation of the JCPOA will demand increased political and military engagement in the Middle East that carries significantly greater risks and costs relative to current planning assumptions.”
The Iran Strategy Council was commissioned by the Jewish Institute of National Security to educate Americans on the consequences of the Iran nuclear deal.
PHOTOS: Best states for concealed carry — ranked worst to first
Members of the council include retired Gen. James Conway, former Commandant of the Marine Corps; retired Air Force Gen. Chuck Wald, former Deputy Commander of the United States European Command; retired Adm. Mark Fitzgerald, former Commander of the U.S. Naval Forces in Europe/Africa; and retired Vice Adm. John Bird, former Commander of the U.S. Seventh Fleet.
The report comes as Senate Democrats on Wednesday gained the final crucial vote needed to block a resolution from opponents of the deal, with Democratic Sen. Barbara Mikulski of Maryland becoming the 34th vote in favor of the agreement.
The backing from Ms. Mikulski gives supporters the margin they need to uphold a veto from President Obama of a congressional resolution to disapprove the deal, should Republicans pass such a measure later this month.
Copyright © 2019 The Washington Times, LLC. Click here for reprint permission.
Early in his career, enigmatic songs like “Suzanne” and “Bird on the Wire” — quickly covered by better-known performers — gave him visibility. “Suzanne” begins and ends as a portrait of a mysterious, fragile woman “wearing rags and feathers from Salvation Army counters,” but pauses in the middle verse to offer a melancholy view of the spiritual:
And Jesus was a sailor when he walked upon the water,
And he spent a long time watching from his lonely wooden tower,
And when he knew for certain only drowning men could see him,
He said “All men will be sailors then until the sea shall free them.”
But he himself was broken, long before the sky would open,
Forsaken, almost human, he sank beneath your wisdom like a stone.
Mr. Cohen was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 2008.
A Poet in the Beginning
Wearing a bolo tie and his trademark fedora, Mr. Cohen, in his acceptance speech, dryly made light of the fact that none of his records had ever been honored at the Grammys. “As we make our way toward the finish line that some of us have already crossed, I never thought I'd get a Grammy Award,” he said. “In fact, I was always touched by the modesty of their interest.”
Leonard Norman Cohen was born in Montreal on Sept. 21, 1934, and grew up in the prosperous suburb of Westmount. His father, Nathan, whose family had emigrated to Canada from Poland, owned a successful clothing store; he died when Leonard was 9, but his will included a provision for a small trust fund, which later allowed his son to pursue his literary and musical ambitions. His mother, the former Masha Klonitzky, a nurse, was the daughter of a Talmudic scholar and rabbi. “I had a very messianic childhood,” Mr. Cohen would later say.
In 1951, he was admitted to McGill University, Canada's premier institution of higher learning, where he studied English. His first book of poetry, “Let Us Compare Mythologies,” was published in May 1956, while he was still an undergraduate. It was followed by “The Spice-Box of Earth” in 1961 and “Flowers for Hitler” in 1964. Other collections would appear sporadically throughout Mr. Cohen's life, including the omnibus “Poems and Songs” in 2011.
A period of drift followed Mr. Cohen's graduation from college. He enrolled in law school at McGill, then dropped out and moved to New York City, where he studied literature at Columbia University for a year before returning to Montreal. Eventually, after a sojourn in London, he ended up living in a house on the Greek island of Hydra, where he wrote a pair of novels: “The Favorite Game,” published in 1963, and “Beautiful Losers,” published in 1966.
Larry and Sharon Corsini began their 54-year love affair in 1962 at a movie theater in Idaho Falls. Sharon was selling tickets when the handsome Larry, a Massachusetts transplant, caught her eye and her heart. They were married that same year.
In the five decades since, through the colorful chaos of three children, ten grandchildren, and five great-grandchildren, Larry and Sharon lived the way they'd always promised.
Together.
In the crisp darkness of December 13, sometime between 2:00 and 3:00 a.m., Sharon, 74, fell out of bed. She'd been battling several chronic issues and just three days prior was in the emergency room fighting kidney failure. But after regaining some strength and receiving a blood transfusion, she returned home with her husband.
Though no one is certain what happened next, it's likely that Larry, 76, woke up when his wife fell and came to help. But in the process of getting from his side of the bed to hers, Larry fell into the nightstand, gashed his head and suffered a massive heart attack.
Hours later, EMT's found the couple side by side on their bedroom floor, Larry's hand resting tenderly on his sweetheart's shoulder.
Both were gone.
So while the world might be surprised, their family considers last week's news to be heartbreaking, but hopeful. Tragic, but timely. Perfectly unlikely, but somehow just perfect.
Their youngest child, named for his father Larry, posted the news on social media and my heart sank. I've known the younger Larry since our freshman year at BYU and we'd stayed in touch as best we could. During a phone call after the funeral, I asked my friend how he was doing, how he'd heard the news, and what he thought of their unusual goodbye.
“I'm doing all right,” he said with a trademark laugh I remember well from our dorm's late-night runs to Taco Bell. “I'm still piecing it all together.”
Larry explained that although their curiosity is real, they'll never know in this life who went first. “It's not important right now. I mean we know dad had a heart attack and we know neither wanted to go alone. They did everything together.”
When no one answered the door for a visiting niece later that day, calls were made to 911 and the discovery was made. Larry soon got a call from his sister that began with sounds of sobbing and exploded into a phrase he'll never forget. “We've lost them both!”
“I was shocked,” he said. “But then I thought, of course they went this way. No more suffering and I mean they died right next to each other. They were always together in everything they did. They were together in this life for 54 years and now together in passing. They supported each other every step of the way. Even to the end.”
Larry also spoke of his gratitude at having no regrets. Though he lived hundreds of miles away, he visited often to cook meals, take them shopping and log priceless time in their living room.
Always a silver-lining thinker, Larry said the passing and double funeral brought together his entire family for the first time in 11 years. “It's been nice. My sisters and I talked about how important it is to live each day and not take life for granted. To be in touch with parents. To make phone calls. To visit.”
He added tender memories of his father becoming the man of the house at age 10 and beginning to work and drive at 11. “He's been taking care of people his entire life. It makes sense he was taking care of mom at the end.”
When asked what he would want a global audience to learn about his family's remarkable experience, he gave a quick nod to service. “My parents were all about service. They were quiet, but they loved people by serving people. And they did it all together. We should all do that.”
My grieving friend is right. We should all do that. And we should do it the Corsini way—together.
Images courtesy of Jason F. Wright.
Seven Seas Entertainment announced on Wednesday that it has licensed Akuma no Riddle: Riddle Story of Devil, Golden Time, Merman in my Tub (Orenchi no Furo Jijou) and Mushoku Tensei: Jobless Reincarnation manga.
Writer Yun Kouga and artist Sunao Minakata's Akuma no Riddle: Riddle Story of Devil is slated for October 2015. Kadokawa's English BookWalker Manga App describes the series:
At an all-female boarding school, a student named Haru Ichinose is the sole target of a class made up entirely of assassins. One of these assassins is Tokaku Azuma, who transferred from another school for the job, but soon she is drawn in by Haru and chooses to protect her instead of kill her. And thus begins this extreme student life!
Funimation licensed the 12-episode anime series adaptation for home video release in North America. The manga is currently running in Kadokawa Shoten's Newtype magazine, and Kadokawa shipped the third compiled volume in December.
Umechazuke's manga adaptation of the Golden Time light novels by Yuyuko Takemiya (Toradora) is slated for Octoer 2015. The series launched in Monthly Comic Dengeki Daioh in 2011, and the seventh volume shipped in December. Sentai Filmworks licensed the 2013 anime adaptation.
The school romantic comedy revolves around Banri Tada, a college student who lost all of his memories upon graduating from his high school. The story follows Banri, Kōko Kaga, a girl whose seemingly-perfect looks belies her hidden regrets, Kōko's significant other Mitsuo Yanagisawa, and other students at Banri's college in Tokyo.
Itokichi's four-panel manga Merman in my Tub (Orenchi no Furo Jijou) is slated for October 2015. Itokichi launched the manga in Comic Gene in 2011, and Media Factory (Kadokawa) published the fifth compiled volume last September. Crunchyroll streamed the anime adaptation as it aired last season and describes the story:
Get ready for a heartfelt comedy about a teenage boy named Tatsumi who is frequently housing some strange guests; including Wakasa, a good looking mermaid who has taken over his bathtub! This cute but selfish freeloader is a perfect match for the cool but tender and caring Tatsumi. Let's see how they get by together!
Yuka Fujikawa's manga adaptation of Rifujin na Magonote's light novels Mushoku Tensei: Jobless Reincarnation ( Mushoku Tensei -Isekai Ittara Honki Dasu- ) is slated for November 2015. The series began in Comic Flapper in October and Kadokawa shipped the first compiled volume in November.
The story follows a 34-year-old virgin NEET who is kicked out of his house when he runs out of money. He's regretting his life when he's suddenly killed in a traffic accident, and he's reborn in another world full of swords and sorcery. As a newborn baby, he resolves to live his life without regrets and make the best of his knowledge from his previous life. While developing his skills in magic, he meets a small girl who is a magic tutor, and a beautiful quarter-elf with green hair.
The United Nations is not in a position to investigate claims of sexual abuse committed by its own peacekeepers and must step aside to allow the law to take it course, a lobby group has said.
The call on Monday by Paula Donovan, co-director of the Code Blue Campaign to End Impunity for Sexual Exploitation and Abuse by UN Peacekeepers, came as pressure mounted on the UN after a series of allegations against its troops in the Central African Republic.
Donovan said it was untenable for the UN to investigate itself on such sensitive matters.
"We are saying that the UN should excuse itself in the law enforcement in assessing the crimes and in determining who should hold responsibility and be accountable for those crimes," Donovan, who is also a director at the AIDS-Free World NGO, said in a media briefing broadcast over the internet.
"This is a conflict of interest and [the UN] needs to remove itself from the criminal side and focus entirely on the care of victims and allow the appropriate law enforcement officials to do their job."
Dark allegations
The UN has been in the spotlight for the past year after scores of allegations of child rape and other sexual abuses by its peacekeepers, especially those based in CAR.
As recently as March, it said it learned of 108 new sexual abuse cases in CAR.
According to a US-based pressure group, three girls in CAR alleged that they had been tied up and forced to have sex with a dog by a French military commander in 2014.
Donovan said that, considering the UN had failed to deal with the issue, the onus was now on member states to create an independent and impartial body made up of prosecutors and judges to monitor and rule on these crimes.
READ MORE: 'Sickening' sex abuse alleged in CAR by UN peacekeepers
Stephane Dujarric, spokesman for the UN secretary-general, said he "would disagree respectfully with Ms Donovan".
Speaking at a briefing on Monday, Dujarric said his colleagues at "UNICEF and other agencies who are dealing with this issue, know how to do their jobs ... I don't think anyone is trying to bury these cases and trying to make them go away."
Between March 2013 and late 2015, CAR was divided by communal violence. After a Muslim-led rebel group, Seleka, took over the capital Bangui in a coup, they launched attacks on the Christian community.
Reprisals from vigilante Christian groups forced hundreds of thousands of people from their homes as the country became locked in a cycle of violence.
There has been much less violence during the past five months, with Bangui protected by UN peacekeeping forces. But the operation has been marred by a dark sequence of allegations of sexual abuse levelled at its troops.
Trauma and damage
In January, the Independent Review Panel on UN Response to Allegations of Sexual Abuse by Foreign Military Forces in CAR released a report condemning the UN for failing to respond to allegations of child abuse against peacekeepers.
Also speaking during the press briefing on Monday, Yasmin Sooka, one of the authors of the report, said the UN had yet to implement measures that approached the issue "from a serial perspective".
Sooka said the UN had very little expertise in offering support to victims or even in carrying out investigations.
She added that the process was still marred by incessant secrecy and there was little regard for the rights of victims.
"One agency told us about a young girl taken to the French military and told 'identify from this group of men who the perpetrator is'," Sooka said.
"You can imagine in that kind of context, the kind of trauma and damage but also the long-term repurcussions and possible victimisation and stigmatisation."
Follow Azad Essa on Twitter .
SurveyUSA is doing a series of McCain vs. Obama head to head match-up polls in different states testing an almost mystifying number of vice presidential possibilities for each nominee. Their poll of Pennsylvania is out today. And the snapshot is that John Edwards — someone who I don't think many have considered as a Veep possibility this year — is, from this poll at least, Obama's strongest pick.
The real headline though is the baseline number: McCain vs. Obama without veep nominees attached. On that SurveyUSA has Obama beating McCain 48% to 40%. And this, remember, was the nut Obama wasn't supposed to be able to crack.
You can see the range of possibilities here, which go from a very narrow McCain lead to an Obama landslide.
To be clear, I do not expect Obama to win Pennsylvania in a landslide. I think it will be very tight. But this is a potent corrective to the idea that Obama can't win the state.
Late Update: TPM Reader SS makes the point — and one I agree with — that we shouldn't read too much into the numbers for these different veep possibilities because a number of them have almost zero name recognition. I would guess that very few people around the country have any idea who Pawlenty or Sebelius even are. So, not that they mean nothing. But I'd see those as very mutable. What is striking is that even plugging in a lot of names that a lot of people have never even heard of, the terrain seems to tilt heavily in Obama's direction.
Later Update: A good point from TPM Reader DR …
After multiple enforcement actions, lawsuits and multibillion-dollar settlements, state and federal regulators are making sluggish progress in their efforts to prod banks to help mortgage borrowers.
But they apparently still have a lot of work to do. Just ask Craig Tate.
Like tens of thousands of homeowners trying to lower their monthly payments, Tate, 43, and his wife were thrilled when they got a letter from Bank of America in January confirming that their loan modification had been approved. The new mortgage payment on the Tate's Plano, Texas, home would save them about $250 a month.
So the couple was confused when they started getting collection letters saying they were behind on his payments. When Tate offered to resubmit the paper work, he said, the bank refused and demanded a check for $3,100 to bring his loan current and stop the foreclosure proceeding.
"My wife and I did everything they asked. We filled out all the paperwork they asked for," said Tate, the father of two and a systems administrator. "But the cancellation letter that they sent to us when they kicked us out the modification process said that we elected to leave or we declined their services, which in turn made our modification process unappealable."
A Bank of America representative said that the Tates didn't sign on the right dotted lines, and that because of those delays "the normal time frame allocated for a permanent modification had elapsed and the modification was declined."
After writing his senator, filing a complaint with the Consumer Financial Protection Board and contacting the media, Tate said he got a call this week from Bank of America offering to restart the modification process.
"This process could have been done inside of three, maybe six months—it should never have taken a year," he said.
Five years after state and federal officials set out to head off millions of home foreclosures, the Tates aren't alone in trying to navigate the often inscrutable process of getting a lender to modify their loan.
That's not what 49 attorneys general and several federal agencies were expecting when they signed the $26 billion National Mortgage Settlement over a year ago with Bank of America and four other big mortgage lenders: Wells Fargo, Citibank, JPMorgan Chase and Ally Bank.
The settlement was intended to cure a laundry list of lenders' rogue practices and procedures. They included foreclosing on borrowers who weren't in default, denying modifications for borrowers who qualified, relying on flawed account information and improperly executed documents, misapplying mortgage payments, overcharging fees, shuffling borrowers from one representative to another, foreclosing on a loan when a modification application was underway, and subjecting homeowners to endless delays and repeated requests to resubmit lost paperwork.
(Read More: As Prices Rise, Bank Repossess More Homes)
By all accounts, the settlement has helped many borrowers.
Since it was signed in April 2012, the five banks that agreed to the settlement have made progress in reversing the damage created by a wave of imprudent and fraudulent lending that helped sink the U.S. housing market and sparked a global financial crisis.
Iowa Attorney General Tom Miller, the lead negotiator for the states, said last month that bankers have provided some $50 billion in relief to homeowners.
Of the five banks, only Ally Bank has completed the financial relief commitments set out in the settlement, according to the monitor reviewing banks' compliance. With the largest loan portfolio among the five banks, Bank of America has provided the largest share of relief.
But critics contend that much of that relief represents credit for agreeing to short sales—in which a homeowner denied a new loan gets the bank's permission to sell their house for less than the mortgage balance. That relief also includes the write-down of a second mortgage, which doesn't necessarily stop a foreclosure.
Miller said that $11 billion of relief has gone to writing down mortgage loan balances—twice the level the states expected a year ago.
"Our main concern was principal reduction because that keeps people in their homes," Miller said. "Whatever the critics are saying, that's a huge number."
Another $1.5 billion has been targeted to fund payments of about $1,500 to about a million homeowners who suffered financial harm, said Miller.
But progress has been slower in getting banks to cut through the thicket of red tape and mistakes that have plagued homeowners trying to negotiate new loan terms and save their homes.
Next week, regulators, Congress, borrowers and their attorneys are expected to get the first report card on how well lenders are living up to their promises in that settlement, which assigned a monitor, former North Carolina Banking Commissioner Joseph Smith, to oversee the banks' compliance.
(Read More: Foreclosure Crisis Still Has Millions in Its Grip)
In an interim report in February, Smith said his office had received more than 5,700 complaints from borrowers whose loans were being serviced by one of the five banks.
"Things are better but we aren't there yet," Smith said in an interview last month. "There are still too many examples of situations that are not acceptable."
Most Nigerian farmers now abandon growing food and economic crops for cannabis in a bid to become instant millionaires, the country's anti-narcotics agency said on Saturday.
In a statement, Ahmadu Giade, the chairman of the Nigeria's National Drug Law Enforcement Agency (NDLEA), said: “It is sad and disturbing that most farmers are now abandoning food and economic crops for cannabis.”
Last year, the NDLEA arrested 8,052 suspected drug traffickers, including 542 women, it said.
The NDLEA boss said that more than 1,400 hectares of land was used last year for cannabis plantation.
“This 1,404.27 hectares of land could have changed the fortunes of our agricultural sector if properly utilised,” he stated.
The agency seized drugs worth 33 billion naira ($208 million/ 152 million euros) last year and prosecuted 1,720 suspects, it stated. It did not say how many suspects the agency convicted.
Among the drugs seized were cannabis, heroin, cocaine, ephedrine, methamphetamine and amphetamine, the NDLEA said.
“We shall continue to dislodge more drug trafficking syndicates because anytime we intercept drug from criminals, we are indirectly saving lives,” Giade said.
Some of the seized drugs — hidden in ear rings, buttons, necklaces, bangles and female belts — came into Lagos from Brazil and Pakistan, he alleged.
Nigeria's anti-narcotics agency says more than 1,400 hectares of land was used last year for cannabis plantation
As a presidential candidate, Donald Trump specializes in overturning conventional wisdom. Before 2016, it was generally assumed that a presidential candidate needed to be, you know, presidential. But Trump has somehow come within striking distance of the Republican nomination despite insulting large portions of the electorate, buying scant campaign ads, failing to present any coherent policy proposals and being despised by his own party's establishment. Trump has defied the inherited understanding of generations of pundits, strategists and politicians in his unprecedented bid for the White House.
Perhaps the most remarkable bit of conventional wisdom that Trump has thus far disproven is the theory that a Republican presidential candidate can't succeed without being on good terms with Fox News.
Advertisement:
“Fox News is the uncontested gatekeeper for Republican politics and Republican politicians,” declared MSNBC's Rachel Maddow in 2011. It was long understood that if a candidate had any hope of the party's nomination, he or she would have to play nice with the most important voice in conservative media.
But Trump and Fox News have been in open conflict since August, when Trump attacked Fox's Megyn Kelly for what he said was an unfair debate question about allegations of sexism. Since then, Trump has retweeted a follower that called Kelly a “bimbo,” declared a short-lived boycott on Fox, and declined to appear at a January debate on the network, among other slights. Conventional wisdom would predict that antagonizing Fox News in this manner would be a death sentence for any campaign. But Trump didn't just survive this ordeal — he thrived. So how has Trump managed to succeed despite alienating Fox News?
One key to understanding Trump's relationship with Fox is grasping how this year's conservative media landscape is different than in previous cycles. Fox News was once a monolithic figure within the world of right-wing media, but in recent years we've seen a proliferation of alternative news platforms that have established credibility with significant segments of the Republican base.
Newer conservative outlets like the Daily Caller, the Washington Free Beacon and The Blaze have joined established voices like the Drudge Report, Breitbart News and Rush Limbaugh to create a richer field of options for conservative media consumers than ever before. So while Fox News still holds considerable sway, it's no longer the be-all and end-all when it comes to reaching Republican voters.
“The fragmentation allowed for these outlets to build up passionate, highly engaged audiences,” says Angelo Carusone, executive vice president at Media Matters for America. “Even if they're not as big as the Fox audience one-to-one, when you add up these fragmented audiences, you have, for the first time, a counterbalance to Fox News. You have smaller, but highly energized communities distributed across digital and talk radio platforms.”
The coverage provided by these alternative outlets often runs to the right of Fox, appealing to that portion of the electorate that feels that the problem with the Republican Party is that it's not conservative enough. If Fox's tone appeals to the middle-of-the-road conservative Jeb Bush voter, Breitbart and Drudge are playing to an audience that hews closer to the anti-establishment, burn-it-all-down Trump enthusiast.
Advertisement:
The Drudge Report has been one of Trump's most important supporters. Drudge's coverage has so favored Trump that Politico described the site as “all in” for the GOP frontrunner. Ted Cruz recently complained that Drudge “has basically become the attack site for the Donald Trump campaign.” The simple, link-heavy page is the granddaddy of online conservative news, having made its name helping to expose Bill Clinton's sex scandal in 1998. Drudge holds astonishing influence in the online sphere.
Given the number of sites that have developed small, but devoted followings by running to Fox's right, perhaps it shouldn't come as a surprise that YouGov BrandIndex reported that Fox News Channel's perception among Republicans reached a three-year low in February. “Fox News is not considered the conservative network that it used to be,” Limbaugh declared in January.
Trump had the pulse of the conservative media landscape well before he launched his campaign. Starting in 2014, Trump dispatched an aide to listen to thousands of hours of talk radio and deliver reports on what resonated with Republican voters. What Trump found was that immigration — which was to become his signature campaign topic — riled based voters more than any other issue. So while Trump's early bombastic statement about Mexicans being “rapists” may have seemed improvised and ill-conceived, he had a very specific audience in mind.
Fox News had helped cultivate that audience over many years by providing a platform for hardline immigration rhetoric. “You could trace Fox's problem back to Fox itself, in the sense that they really pushed the immigration issue, and Donald Trump has tapped into that in such way that it's very hard for them to turn off the faucet,” says Kevin Arceneaux, professor of political science at Temple University.
Advertisement:
If Fox News were to turn on Trump on the conservative litmus test of immigration, it would risk losing credibility with its hard-won audience. Fox's dilemma is similar to the quandary faced by mainstream Republicans who want to distance themselves from Trump's most incendiary statements, but fear alienating conservative voters by doing so.
Fox News chief Roger Ailes is an essential player in the drama. While Trump was beginning his ascent in the primary polls this summer, Ailes was busy fighting an internal battle to retain his power the network. Ailes biographer Gabriel Sherman reported that Ailes nearly quit his post after Fox owner Rupert Murdoch promoted his sons above Ailes. Ailes ended up staying, but is now reportedly operating from a position of severely diminished power at the network he once ran with near autonomy.
“You have a situation where Ailes has exposed himself as having a vulnerability, and Trump is aware of this vulnerability,” says Carusone. “And that is happening in the context of Ailes not being able to impose rigid discipline within the Fox empire over support for Trump.”
Advertisement:
Ailes, newly vulnerable to would-be usurpers, couldn't risk losing his ratings — and potentially the job he's held for 20 years — by issuing a directive to cut down on the ad-rates bonanza of Trump coverage. Trump had huge appeal for a significant portion of Fox's viewership, but more importantly, that base now had other options to turn to for its Trump coverage if Fox News wouldn't deliver it. Thus, Trump continued to receive a higher proportion of Fox airtime than any of his competitors, even through the most contentious days of the feud.
Additionally, Trump reportedly has a portfolio of personal dirt on Ailes, which he acquired when he stepped in to help Ailes negotiate a severance deal with a former employee. “If Ailes ever truly went to war against Trump, Trump would have the arsenal to launch a retaliatory strike,” Sherman wrote in New York Magazine. The “bombs” Trump holds may be another reason why Fox News hasn't launched an all-out offensive against the GOP frontrunner, preferring instead to push competing candidates with increased coverage.
A significant, but oft-overlooked episode in the Trump-Fox feud, says Carusone, was Trump's August 2015 appearance on the small conservative cable outlet One America News. Weeks after Trump's contentious encounter with Fox's Megyn Kelly at the first Republican presidential debate, and days after Trump escalated the conflict by retweeting a follower who called Kelly a “bimbo,” Trump agreed to an interview with Sarah Palin on the little-known Fox competitor. The interest generated by Trump's appearance crashed the One America News website before the interview even took place.
Advertisement:
“It was sort of a shot across the bow of Fox News,” Carusone said. “He had never been on there before and he hasn't been on there since. It was a clear revelation that not only was Fox vulnerable, but that Trump was able to exploit this vulnerability with his control of an audience that Fox had previously been able to captivate.”
Trump was able to threaten Fox where it mattered — viewership. In past election cycles, presidential candidates needed Fox's coverage to reach conservative voters. With his knowledge of Ailes' vulnerabilities and the ability to reach his supporters without Fox, through alternative conservative outlets like One America and Drudge, Trump was able to use his leverage to flip the script. Ailes and Fox came to need Trump, and kept covering him despite his antagonism.
So why did Trump continue getting a certain measure of positive coverage on Fox News, even as he publicly railed against Kelly and the network for months? Though Fox rightly defended its star anchor throughout the dispute, Ailes never hit back with the wrath one might have expected.
It's possible that Ailes' whip power was no longer strong enough to enforce a strict anti-Trump company line without inviting mutiny. Alternatively, Ailes may have calculated that if Fox truly took off the gloves, it would permanently alienate the Trump-supporting segment of Fox's viewership— a sizeable audience Trump would be all too happy to bring with him somewhere else.
Advertisement:
If nothing else, Trump understands leverage, and he had plenty of it during his war with Fox.
Even if Fox wanted to launch a head-on anti-Trump campaign, it might be futile. “In some ways, Trump is a person who demonstrates the limitation of the news media to change or influence people's minds,” said Kevin Arceneaux, professor of political science at Temple University. Arceneaux explains that the media is powerful in reinforcing consumers' preexisting opinions and in shaping opinions on unfamiliar issues, but it struggles to influence voters once they've made up their minds. And Trump voters have certainly made up their minds about Trump.
“Once people have an opinion, it's often hard to change that opinion, especially if it's something they want to keep believing,” Arceneax said. “So if Fox News says ‘You shouldn't think that,' rather than changing viewers opinions about Trump, they're more likely to either ignore what Fox is saying or change their opinion about Fox News.”
The big winners in this scenario, aside from Trump, are pro-Trump Fox alternatives like Drudge and Breitbart, which are helping to intensify support among Trump backers while at the same time helping their bottom lines by drawing Trump-fueled web traffic.
Advertisement:
It remains a mystery whether 2016 will come to signify a permanent decline in Fox's status as Republicans' primary gatekeeper, or if this campaign will be looked at as a one-time aberration unique to the bizarre phenomenon of Donald Trump.
“We'll have to wait and see,” Arceneaux said. “We may see other candidates try to emulate Trump's strategy, which doesn't mean they'll be successful at it. It has, in some ways, pointed out not so much that the emperor has no clothes, but that maybe the emperor is not fully clothed. There are other ways to go about this than just bowing down at the altar of Fox News.”
Mexican journalist Carmen Aristegui has accused the government of using spyware on journalists
ADVERTISING Read more
Mexico City (AFP)
Forty minutes into our interview, noted Mexican journalist Carmen Aristegui picks up her phone and jokingly greets the government agents she alleges have been spying on her.
"Hello? Interior ministry? Ah well, you knew all this anyway. Thanks for listening!" says the veteran anchorwoman, who is famous for hard-hitting reports on government corruption.
Humor is helping Aristegui, 53, overcome the unsettling discovery that her cell phone -- and her teenage son's -- were hacked with a spyware called Pegasus, which accesses a target's communications, camera and microphone.
According to the New York Times, which broke the story last week, the secretive Israeli company behind the spyware, NSO Group, says it only sells it to government agencies.
The spyware is meant to be used to fight terrorists and criminals.
But Aristegui and eight other leading journalists and activists, who commissioned an independent investigation after finding the spyware on their phones, last week accused the Mexican government of using it on them and their families -- a claim the government denies.
It is the latest crisis for the freedom of the press in Mexico, which is ranked the most dangerous country for journalists after the war zones of Syria and Afghanistan, and where more than 100 journalists have been murdered since 2000.
Q: Your investigation found that spyware was installed on your phones when you clicked on links in fake text messages. What did those messages say?
"We received messages where they would use the name of a friend (of my son's). 'Hi Emilio,' it said. 'I'm so-and-so, will you friend me on Facebook?' But oddly enough, that person was already his friend on Facebook.
"Another was a news headline saying 'Druglord "El Chapo" Guzman's right-hand man detained at such-and-such an address' -- which happened to be right in front of our house."
Q: How did you feel when you realized you were being spied on?
"No matter how normal your life is, how transparent you are with yourself and your family, it's intimidating to know they know everything about you.
"This spying obviously has a fundamental objective: to intimidate, to make you vulnerable to your own fears, your own human weakness, your own personal history or whatever. It's a sinister thing, something a dictatorial regime would do. These are the tools of tyranny.
"Is this Mexico? Does Mexico behave like a tyrannical regime? Judging by its espionage practices, I would say so. We can't allow this to happen in what is supposedly a democracy."
Q: The spying started in 2015, and you suspected it for a long time. Why did you wait so long to go public?
"Put yourself in my shoes at that point. It was a serious thing. A delicate thing. I didn't have enough trust in the Mexican government to report it.
"We didn't know what to do. The question was: Who do we report this to? To the very same people who are surely spying on us? So we did nothing, we just left it at that.
"My personal reaction was also to downplay it at first, assuming that it's quote-unquote 'normal' to spy on journalists.
"But the big news is we've now carried out a scientific study to prove it. Now the question is whether it was the Mexican government. I presume it was. Absolutely."
Q: How did you react when you realized your son had been targeted?
"I felt bad. Very bad. I thought the Mexican government had crossed a very serious line.
"He's one of the (targets) who received the most messages. Why did they push so hard to access Emilio's phone? Why so many messages targeting this boy? Only the people who did it know why."
Q: Are you afraid?
"I try to live my life in peace, without being paranoid that there's a knife lurking behind every door. If you do that, they've won.
"I have faith -- and I always tell myself this -- that my public work as a journalist is our best protection."
© 2017 AFP
There's been 10 smash and grab jewellery store robberies in Melbourne in the past eight months - with some stores hit multiples times.
In the latest robbery, five men burst into the H&H jewellery store in Elsternwick as customers shopped yesterday afternoon - the second attack on the shop in three months.
The men used metal poles and hammers to smash counters and display cabinets before stuffing jewellery into bags and running out.
Five men are on the run after a jewellery store robbery in Elsternwick. (9NEWS) ()
They then jumped into a white Jeep and sped away.
Four staff members and two customers were in the store but no injuries were reported.
A man from a nearby toy store was seen on CCTV trying to stop the men as they fled but he was pushed to the ground.
Witness Marcelle Lhuillier said people were shoved out of the way as they stormed the store.
"They ran out and sort of pushed me out of the way but the guy from Toy World copped it more than me, Ms Lhuillier told 9NEWS.
"They were just on a mission, just getting in and getting out very quickly."
It's the second attack on the store this year. It was targeted in January 4 by three men armed with a gun and a machete.
In that robbery, staff were threatened and the men stole jewellery before leaving the scene in a car without registration plates.
There have been many jewellery store robberies across Melbourne in past 10 months, with shops targeted in Toorak, Elsternwick, Reservoir, Coburg, South Yarra, Cantebury and Lalor.
Anyone with information is urged to contact Crime Stoppers on 1800 333 000.
© Nine Digital Pty Ltd 2019
RESPECT WANTED
Tourism is a subject I've written about more than once, and so I think my views are pretty well known. But in case anyone's failed to get the message . . . tourism in Wales is exploitive, tasteless, disruptive, damaging to Welsh identity and culture, destructive of our physical environment, and far too little of the wealth it generates reaches Welsh people. Tourism in Wales is one of the more obvious manifestations of colonialism.
Which is why I was encouraged to read this morning about Eryri in future being treated with “respect”. Remarkably, this is the very word I have used in my previous criticisms of the damage being done to the area by crude and exploitive tourism.
The word was used by Helen Pye, the Snowdonia National Park's former head warden for Snowdon who is now manager of the Snowdon Partnership, a group representing various interests that has produced a draft plan for the area which invites comments. It's a fascinating document and I urge you all to read it, and to submit your comments before Friday's deadline.
The document tells us, for example, that Snowdon is a “national asset” . . . without stating which nation is being referred to. But as it goes on to say, ” . . . the most visited mountain in the UK.” it's reasonable to assume that we are here discussing the mythic UKish nation.
A remarkable, and worrying, statistic may be found on page 20, which tells us that between 2013 and 2015 the percentage of first-time hill walkers attempting Yr Wyddfa doubled from 10% to 20%. Which no doubt contributes to some of the more alarming statistics found elsewhere in the report.
Page 43 bears out my criticism of tourism providing low-wage and seasonal employment, and contributing little to the overall economy of an area, with: “Tourism to Yr Wyddfa is estimated to contribute £69m of economic benefit per annum. There are low rates of full-time employment and low median wages in the Park”.
Though my spirits were briefly raised when I read, on page 48,“Invasive species are being controlled”, under the “Where do we want to be by 2030?” heading . . . only to realise that the draft was not referring to tourists.
All in all, it's a very disappointing and unambitious document, with ‘compromise' written through it like ‘Tenby' through a stick of rock. Hardly surprising when we look at some of the ‘partners': Visit Betws-y-Coed, The Outdoor Partnership, The National Trust, Beddgelert Tourism Association, Snowdonia-Active, Visit Wales, Snowdon Mountain Railway.
All of which can be grouped under the ‘Playground Wales' umbrella. Organisations which insist that attracting unsustainable numbers of tourists, and encouraging many to settle, has no damaging consequences for Welsh identity, social cohesion, and the natural environment.
Not a lot different to tobacco companies back in the '60s and '70s arguing that cigarettes were not harmful to health. If you have a vested interested in denying what it is becoming clear to everyone else then that's what you do . . . and just hope you get away with it.
♦
TREN BACH YR WYDDFA
After writing the name I got to wondering a bit more about the Snowdon Mountain Railway, which not only owns the train to the summit but also runs the cafe close by the summit.
Reading the website one of the first things that struck me about the early days of the railway was the almost total absence of Welsh involvement. This was all happening in spite of us, or over our heads. But then, that's colonialism; a whole nation treated as if it has learning difficulties, unable to do anything for itself.
The section below is taken from the website's History section.
The initial excursion in 1896 of No 1 Ladas, owned by the Snowdon Mountain Tramroad and Hotels Company Ltd, was not a great success, for the train left the track. Fortunately there was just one fatality, Ellis Griffith Roberts of Llanberis.
This episode is so wonderfully emblematic of ‘Welsh' tourism. Not only were those making the money English, even the driver of the derailed train, William Pickles, was brought in from Yorkshire (with his nephew to serve as fireman). And as is the case 120 years later, it's the Welsh who suffer.
The company number quoted on the website is 00042476 which, when typed into the Companies House site, takes us here. We can see that this company is based in Liverpool, and has been dormant for many years. Not only that, but since 2001 the company has got by without auditors. (You'll note that this decision was taken at a meeting in Ripon, North Yorkshire. Perhaps in deference to Will Pickles and his nephew.)
Which means that one of Wales' major tourism enterprises is run by an unaudited, dormant company. So who owns this outfit? Well, the answer seems to be, according to this document, that the shares – all 1,803,690 (10p shares) – are owned by Heritage Great Britain PLC of the same Liverpool address.
Heritage Great Britain plc is a holding company and we are also told that, “The Group undertakes the operation of various landmark and other day visitor attractions situated in the Isle of Wight, Cornwall, North Wales, and holiday accommodation in Scotland through a joint venture”.
So who owns Heritage Great Britain plc? According to this document, as at 5 April 2016 all 5,213,371 £1 shares are held by Cherberry Ltd. Which is where the trail almost goes dead. Because if you type ‘Cherberry Ltd' into the Companies House website you draw a blank . . . for Cherberry was registered in May 1996 in Jersey.
Naturally – you know me, nosey bastard! – I went to the website of the Jersey Financial Services Commission to see what I could learn about Cherberry Ltd . . . which was not a lot. Other than the fact that the trail goes on to Dukla Ltd of Gibraltar, as set out in this document. The Dukla Articles of Association are dated August 2015. Having paid out £4 for the Jersey documents I was in no mood to splash out more than thirty quid a time for the Gibraltar docs.
And even if I'd bought some Gibraltar documents then I might have found that they led on to the Caymans or the British Virgin Islands. Which raises a few questions.
First, the Snowdon Mountain Railway Ltd leases the cafe at the summit, Hafod Eryri, from the Snowdonia National Park. This ‘visitor centre' opened 12 June 2009 and was built at considerable cost. Given who owns if it's safe to assume that a great deal of public funding was involved. How do those funders – probably using your money and mine – feel about this publicly-funded asset now being leased to a company based God knows where?
Second, the Snowdonia Mountain Railway ferries a few hundred thousand people between Llanberis and the summit every year. In the event of an accident, how easy would it be to hold to account a company we've traced to Gibraltar, a company that through yet more changes of name and ownership may ultimately be located even further afield?
Is Cyngor Gwynedd and the ‘Welsh' Government satisfied that adequate insurance is in place to cover all eventualities? Satisfied that culpability can be apportioned and justice satisfied when the guilty party or parties may be beyond UK jurisdiction?
~~~
DRAMATIS PERSONAE
The principal characters in the Snowdon Mountain Railway, in the forms of the three current directors are, Gary Johnson, Allan James Stuart Leech and Peter Miles Johnson-Treherne; the last of whom can be founded listed on other documents as Peter Treherne or Peter Johnson-Treherne.
The same three crops up running the Snowdon Mountain Tramroad and Hotels Company Ltd (where Gary Johnson now becomes Gary Andrew Johnson). You'll remember that this is the name of the company for which the luckless William Pickles and his nephew worked back in 1896. (Though of course they were lucky compared to poor Ellis Griffith Roberts.) So what does this company do?
In a word, nothing, for it became dormant almost from the date of its Incorporation on 22 May 2013. And as we read in the Annual Report and Accounts dated 31 January 2014, “The company is a wholly owned subsidiary of Heritage Great Britain plc which is registered in England and Wales. The ultimate parent company, Cherberry Ltd, is registered in Jersey . . . “.
Something that puzzled me was, given the ages of the three I've named, and their relatively late entrances, who was running the show before they got involved? Part of the answer came from the former directors of the Snowdon Mountain Railway Ltd, for among them I found the information below.
Kevin Ronald Leech (born August 1943) is probably the father of current director Allan James Stuart Leech (born October 1972). Leech Senior's Jersey address is the same address given for Cherberry Ltd.
UPDATE 04.07.2017: I am indebted to Simon Hillman for providing (in a comment below) more information on Kevin Leech. I suggest you read this Telegraph article from October 2002 and this Guardian piece from January 2014. This is the man who might still own the Snowdon Mountain Railway through a network of offshore companies, and the man to whom the Snowdonia National Park has leased Hafod Eryri. Cause for concern.
♦
RESPECT HAS TO BE EARNED
The fundamental problem exposed here is one we find in other parts of Wales, and indeed, around the world. To wit: A beautiful area attracts tourists, the more tourists that come, the more degraded and less beautiful that area becomes. This combination of tourism and degradation is unavoidable.
Among those refusing to concede this universal truth we may find some denying that there is a limit to how many tourists an area can accommodate, especially when they don't live in the area and run their businesses through offshore companies.
If Ms Pye and her Snowdon Partnership are serious about showing respect for Yr Wyddfa then the answer is simple: rather than searching for the alchemist's stone of attracting a limitless number of tourists and expecting them to cause no harm, accept that the problem is too many tourists and start limiting the numbers.
By all means encourage responsible walkers to ascend the mountain, but for God's sake don't make it easy for every lazy bastard to get there on a bloody railway – and then encourage them to fill their fat faces in the cafe at the top!
So make a start by demolishing the pissoir at the peak, after all, this is owned by the Snowdonia National Park Authority and was paid for from the Welsh public purse. With the visitor centre gone there'll be less incentive for the obese and the idle to get the train to the summit.
If money was found for the carbuncle now desecrating the skyline then money can be found to buy out the Snowdon Mountain Railway, by compulsory purchase if necessary. Once bought, the rolling stock can be flogged off and the tracks torn up to restore Yr Wyddfa to something approaching its natural state.
Anything less is simply tinkering with the problem; so if that's what's happening then don't build people's hopes up by using words like ‘respect'. Use the word that I fear already describes the Snowdon Partnership and its draft plan – fudge.
♦ end ♦
Chef Daisuke Nakazawa will be opening a spinoff of New York's Sushi Nakazawa in the Trump International Hotel in Washington. (Melina Mara/The Washington Post)
The Trump International Hotel in Washington is back on track to get a second restaurant. Nakazawa, a sibling to the highly regarded Sushi Nakazawa in Manhattan helmed by chef Daisuke Nakazawa, who appeared in the acclaimed documentary "Jiro Dreams of Sushi," will open in the converted Old Post Office Pavilion next summer.
Nakazawa signed on with the hotel about a month ago. The announcement follows past upheaval among the hotel's restaurant prospects. Celebrity chefs José Andrés and Geoffrey Zakarian had plans to open ambitious restaurants at the hotel but pulled out of the project in July 2015 after then-presidential candidate Donald Trump called Mexican immigrants rapists and drug dealers. Both restaurateurs are embroiled with Trump in lawsuits.
Andrés's aborted Spanish-Japanese restaurant was replaced by BLT Prime, a high-end steakhouse overseen by chef David Burke. The space that was to be Zakarian's restaurant was turned into a conference room.
Nakazawa will take over an unoccupied area at the back of the hotel and will have its own entrance.
[José Andrés on Donald Trump's victory: Life will go on, and so will business]
With regard to the restaurant's second location, Nakazawa owner Alessandro Borgognone said the current political climate has "nothing to do on how we conduct business." Of Trump, he added, "his political views are not our political views."
Several years ago, Borgognone probably would never have imagined he'd be opening a sushi restaurant, let alone one in Washington. It was only after watching "Jiro Dreams of Sushi," in which Daisuke Nakazawa appears as a senior apprentice, that Borgognone cold-contacted the chef, who was living in Seattle at the time, via Facebook and sent him a note with some help from Google Translate. The pair opened Sushi Nakazawa in the West Village in 2013.
Borgognone said the D.C. restaurant will be extremely similar to the New York concept. Almost immediately out of the gate, Pete Wells of the New York Times gave the Manhattan restaurant a four-star review, his highest rating. The Post's Tom Sietsema said Sushi Nakazawa "serves the finest omakase in the land." Sushi Nakazawa's excellent reputation, combined with a limited number of seats — not unlike Jiro Ono's eponymous Tokyo spot — have made getting a reservation for the $150 sushi bar experience (it's $120 in the dining room) notoriously difficult. Unlike Jiro, however, Sushi Nakazawa has yet to receive any Michelin stars, much to the consternation of its fans.
[The Trump Hotel restaurant: Gilded touches on yet another steakhouse]
The omakase experience, a tasting menu of 21 nigiri courses, will carry over to Washington, Borgognone said. So will the chef, at least for a while: Borgognone expects him to be in Washington a "good majority" of the time.
Borgognone, who runs several other restaurants in New York, including his family's Italian spot, Patricia's, and recently revived speak-easy Chumley's, said he was drawn to Washington because "it's growing by the minute," especially the dining scene. Plus, the setting in the Old Post Office Pavilion is, he said, "one of the most beautiful properties in D.C."
Correction: An earlier version of this post incorrectly referred to the Washington restaurant as Sushi Nakazawa. The correct name is Nakazawa. This version has been updated.
Read more:
- The search for America's best food cities: New York
- Watch Donald Trump answer questions about his campaign and hotel in a video deposition
- Donald Trump, José Andrés and the death of a grand Washington restaurant
"This isn't one of those 'scare-you-straight' schools, is it?" I asked Ms. Vaughn, as we passed through the heavy chain-link gate. The fence was probably twelve feet tall, topped with a spool of razor wire, like the kind on repo lots and prisons. A security camera, mounted on the end of a pole, was the only sign of people—someone, somewhere, was watching us.
Ms. Vaughn laughed dismissively. "I'm sure you'll be very happy here, Mr. Fisher."
I leaned my head on the window and stared outside. The forest was unlike any I'd seen. Back in Pennsylvania, parks were green. Lush trees, bushes, and vines sprung up anywhere there was dirt. But these woods were dry and brown, and it looked like a single match could torch the whole place.
"Is there cactus here?" I asked, still gazing out at the trees. As much as I didn't like this version of a forest, I had to admit it was better than what I'd expected. When I'd read on the website the Maxfield was in New Mexico, I'd pictured barren sand dunes, sweltering heat, and poison-snakes.
"I don't think so," Ms. Vaughn said, not even bothering to look outside. "I believe you'd find cactus more in the Southern part of the State."
I didn't reply, and after a moment Ms. Vaughn continued, "You don't seem very excited about this. I assure you that this is a wonderful opportunity. Maxfield is the pinnacle of educational research...."
She kept talking, but I ignored her. She'd been going on like that for close to three hours now, ever since she met me at the Albuquerque airport. She kept using words like pedagogy and epistemology, and I didn't care much. But I didn't need her to tell me what a great opportunity this was—I knew it. This was a private school, after all. It had to have good teachers. Maybe it even had enough textbooks for all the kids, and a furnace that worked in the winter.
I'd applied for this scholarship on my own. School counselors had tried to talk me into similar programs before, but I'd always resisted. At every school I'd attended—and there has been dozens—I'd try to convince myself that this one was going to be good. This was going to be the school where I'd stay for a while, and maybe play on the football team or run for office or even get a girlfriend. But then I'd transfer a few months later and have to start all over.
Foster care was like that, I guess. I'd racked up thirty-three foster families all around the city since I'd entered the program as a five-year-old. The longest had been a family in Elliot where I'd stayed for four and a half months. The shortest had been seven hours: The same day I showed up, the dad got laid off; they called Social Services and told them they couldn't afford me.
The most recent family was the Coles. Mr. Cole owned a gas station, and I was put to work behind the counter on my first day. At first it was just late afternoons, but soon I was there on Saturdays and Sunday, and sometimes even before school.I missed football tryouts; I missed the homecoming dance. I never had a chance to go to any party, not that I'd been invited to one. When I asked to be paid for my work, Mr. Cole told me I was part of the family, and I shouldn't expect payment for helping out. "We don't expect a reward for helping you," he'd said.
So, I applied for the scholarship. It was part of some outreach thing, for foster kids. I answered some questions about school—I exaggerated a little bit about my grades—and I filled out a questionnaire about my family situation. I got the call the next afternoon.
I didn't even show up at the gas station that night for my shift. I just stayed out late, walking the streets I'd grown up on, standing at the side of the Birmingham Bridge and staring at the city that I'd hopefully never see again. I didn't always hate Pittsburgh, but I never loved it.
Ms. Vaughn slowed, and a moment later a massive brick wall appeared. It was at least as tall as the chain-link fence, but while that had looked relatively new, this wall was old and weathered. The way it spread out in both directions, following the contours of the hills and almost matching the color of the sandy dirt, it seemed like a natural part of the forest.
The gate in the wall wasn't natural, though. It looked like thick, solid steel, and as it swung open, it glided only an inch above the asphalt. I felt like I was entering a bank vault.
But on the other side, the dehydrated forest kept on going.
"How big is this place?"
"Quite Large," she said with a proud smile. "I don't know the exact numbers, but it's pretty extensive. And you'll be pleased to know, that gives us a lot of room for outdoor activities."
Within a few minutes, the trees began to change. Instead of pines, cottonwoods now lined the sides of the road, and between their wide trunks I caught my first glimpse of Maxfield Academy.
The building was four stories tall and probably a hundred years old, surrounded by a neatly mowed lawn, pruned trees, and planted flowers. It looked like the schools I'd seen on TV, where the rich kids go and have all their own BMWs and Mercedes. All this place was missing was ivy on the stone walls, but that was probably hard to grow in a desert.
I wasn't rich so I wasn't going to be like them. But I'd spent the plane ride making up a good story. I was planning on fitting in here, not being the poor foster kid they all made fun of.
Ms. Vaughn turned the car toward the building and slowed to a stop in front of the massive stone steps that led to the front doors. She popped the automatic locks, but didn't take off her seat belt.
"You're not coming in?" I asked. Not that I really wanted to talk with her anymore, but I had kind of expected her to introduce me to someone.
"I'm afraid not," she said with another warm smile. "I have many more things to do today. If I go inside, then we'll all get to talking, and I'll never get out of there" She picked up an envelope from the seat and handed it to me. My name, Benson Fisher, was typed on the front in tiny letters. "Give this to whoever does your orientation. It's usually Becky, I believe."
I took the envelope and stepped out of the car. My legs were sore from the long drive and I stretched. It was cold, and I was glad I was wearing my Steelers sweatshirt, even though I knew it was too casual for this school.
"Your bag," she said.
I looked back to see Ms. Vaughn pulling my backpack from the foot well.
"Thanks."
"Have fun," she said. "I think you'll do very well at Maxfield."
I thanked her again and closed the car door. She pulled away immediately, and I watched her go. As usual, I would be going into a new school all by myself.
I breathed in my surroundings. The air smelled different here—I don't know whether it was the desert air or the dry trees or just that I was far away from the stink of the city, but I liked it. The building in front of me stood majestic and promising. My new life was behind those walls. It almost made me laugh to look at the carved hardwood doors when I thought back to the public school I'd left. The front doors there had to be repainted every week to cover up the graffiti, and their small windows had been permanently replaced with plywood after having been broken countless times. These were large and gleaming and—
I noticed for the first time that the upper-story windows were filled with faces. Some were simply staring, but several were pointing or gesturing, even shouting silently behind the glass. I glanced behind me, but wasn't sure what they meant.
I looked back at them and shrugged. In a second-floor window, directly over the front doors, a brown-haired girl stood holding a notebook. On it, covering the whole page, she'd drawn a large V and the word GOOD. When she saw that I had noticed her, she smiled, pointed at the V, and gave a thumbs-up.
A moment later, there was a loud buzz and a click, and the front doors opened. A girl appeared, but she was pushed roughly out of the way as two other students—a boy and a girl—emerged, both wearing the uniform I'd seen on the website—a red sweater over a white shirt, and black pants or a skirt. The girl, who looked about my age or a little older, darted down the stairs, sprinting after Ms. Vaughn's car. The guy, tall and built like a linebacker, grabbed my arm.
"Don't listen to Isaiah or Oakland," he said firmly. "We can't get out of here." Before I could even open my mouth he was gone, charging after the girl.
Dear Reader, As you can imagine, more people are reading The Jerusalem Post than ever before. Nevertheless, traditional business models are no longer sustainable and high-quality publications, like ours, are being forced to look for new ways to keep going. Unlike many other news organizations, we have not put up a paywall. We want to keep our journalism open and accessible and be able to keep providing you with news and analysis from the frontlines of Israel, the Middle East and the Jewish World.
Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu, working in coordination with the Jerusalem Municipality, approved on Tuesday 454 Jewish-owned housing units in the capital's contested Ramot Shlomo neighborhood, located beyond the 1949 Armistice (Green) Line.
The move, which sets the stage for 1,000 additional homes to be built there, follows a two year de facto freeze following a diplomatic row with the United States.
Netanyahu gave the go-ahead to market 436 homes in Ramot Shlomo and another 18 in Ramot, according to a government official who asked not to be identified.Another government official said building in the two Jerusalem neighborhoods in no way impacts the possibility of eventually reaching an agreement with the Palestinians.“Anyone who has been to Ramot Shlomo knows that in any possible peace agreement, even peace plans put forward by the Palestinians, this neighborhood will stay a part of Israel, and in no way does this [construction] hinder the possibility of moving forward in peace,” the official said.The official added that the move was merely the implementation of a decision made in 2012.After the municipality's Local Committee on Planning and Building canceled a meeting to approve the project two weeks ago, numerous reports surfaced claiming that a new construction freeze order had been applied unilaterally to Palestinian and Jewish homes.At the time, Netanyahu was in the United States to meet with President Barack Obama in an effort to repair badly frayed ties after Netanyahu's vociferous condemnation of the Iran nuclear deal.An official would not confirm reports that the decision was delayed, so as not to cast a pall on Netanyahu's visit to Washington.Despite the reports, the municipality claimed that construction would continue unabated throughout the capital, and Netanyahu approved the move soon after his return.Although the Prime Minister's Office is theoretically not involved in construction decisions of the local level, after the brouhaha when US Vice President Joe Biden visited Israel in 2010, a mechanism was put into play whereby the prime minister would have to sign off on building issues beyond the Green Line.During Biden's visit, the Municipality's Finance Committee made an initial announcement granting funding for the project, leading to a protracted diplomatic crisis with Washington.At the time, the plan was also condemned by governments and organizations around the world as a destabilizing factor for peace talks between Israel and the Palestinians. To ease tensions at the time, Netanyahu told Washington that construction in Ramot Shlomo would not begin for at least two years.When the Interior Ministry's Jerusalem District Planning and Construction Committee ratified the plan in June 2012, city councilman Yair Gabai, a member of the panel, praised the project as “the first in a series of essential developments that will add to the prosperity of Jerusalem, help curb emigration from the capital, and strengthen Israeli sovereignty in all parts of the city.”At the same time, Hassan Abu Libdeh, the Palestinian Authority's minister of national economy, denounced the move, calling it a “resumption of settlement activity.”When the NIS 62.4 million infrastructure budget for the neighborhood was finally approved in 2013, Jerusalem Deputy Mayor and Finance Committee head David Hadari lauded the funding, deeming it “Jerusalem's vaccination shot against those who think about dividing it somehow.”In a 2013 statement, the Jerusalem Municipality noted there had been no changes in its construction policy over the past four decades, adding that it would continue to “build in all of the city's neighborhoods according to statutory plans” for both Jews and Arabs.On Tuesday morning, Meir Turgeman, chairman of Jerusalem's Local Committee for Planning and Building, told Army Radio that he was working behind the scenes to garner approval for the additional 1,000 units.“I decided to appeal to all parties in the Housing Ministry and the Israel Lands Administration to ask for another 1,000 housing units for development,” Turgeman said.In a joint statement, MKs Yoav Kisch (Likud) and Bezalel Smotrich (Bayit Yehudi) lauded Tuesday's approval as a positive harbinger of things to come in the capital.“We believe that this is the beginning of a change in government policy regarding the rights to build in the land of our forefathers,” they wrote.Palestinian Foreign Minister Riyad al-Maliki condemned the plan, saying he'd file a complaint with the International Criminal Court.“We don't only condemn settlement building which is illegal and carried out by the Israeli occupation authority through systematic settlement building, we also submit complaints to the parties concerned,” said Maliki. “Now we have added a new aspect to the parties we deal with, which is the International Criminal Court.“We will follow up with the office of the general prosecutor on this new escalation in settlement building. We are also working on documenting and sending what is required regarding the latest developments and Israeli escalation, which affects the land and the Palestinian people in various ways.”MK Omer Bar-Lev (Zionist Union) dismissed the announcement as a cynical and exploitative attempt by Netanyahu to avert international condemnation while the world is preoccupied with the terrorist attacks in Paris.“As always, [Netanyahu] uses cynicism... to pass the housing units under the radar,” he said in a statement. “Why thaw the construction in Ramot Shlomo? Because all the world powers are too busy with the murderous attacks in France to pay attention and denounce the move.”Bar-Lev contended that Netanyahu's pledge to renew peace talks with the PA was hollow.“A few days after declaring to Obama that he is interested in the existence of unilateral steps, we learn exactly which type of action he meant,” he added.Herb Keinon and Reuters contributed to this report.
Join Jerusalem Post Premium Plus now for just $5 and upgrade your experience with an ads-free website and exclusive content. Click here>>
Scientists across the country are expressing growing alarm that federal cutbacks to research programs monitoring areas that range from climate change and ocean habitats to public health will deprive Canadians of crucial information.
“What's important is the scale of the assault on knowledge, and on our ability to know about ourselves and to advance our understanding of our world,” said James Turk, executive director of the Canadian Association of University Teachers.
In the past five years the federal government has dismissed more than 2,000 scientists, and hundreds of programs and world-renowned research facilities have lost their funding. Programs that monitored things such as smoke stack emissions, food inspections, oil spills, water quality and climate change have been drastically cut or shut down.
The fifth estate requested interviews with two senior bureaucrats and four cabinet ministers with responsibility for resources, the environment and science. All of those requests were denied.
On Tuesday, the fifth estate received a statement from the office of Greg Rickford, Minister of State for Science and Technology, and the Federal Economic Development Initiative for Northern Ontario.
"Our government has made record investments in science," it stated. "We are working to strengthen partnerships to get more ideas from the lab to the marketplace and increase our wealth of knowledge. Research is vibrant and flourishing right across the country."
But members of the scientific community disagree. CBC's the fifth estate spoke to scientists across the country who are concerned that Canadians will suffer if their elected leaders have to make policy decisions without the benefit of independent, fact-based science.
Who is monitoring changes in ocean toxicity?
Dr. Peter Ross, Canada's only marine mammal toxicologist, spent 15 years studying the increasing levels of toxins in oceans and in animals like the killer whale. But in the spring of 2012, the federal government closed the Department of Fisheries contaminants program, dismissing Ross and 55 of his colleagues across the country.
“What we have done in Canada is turned off the radar,” Ross told the fifth estate's Linden MacIntyre. “We are flying along in an airplane, and we've put curtains over the windshield of those pilots, of that flight-crew, and we've turned off the instruments. We don't know what is coming tomorrow, let alone next year in terms of some of these potentially catastrophic incidents in our oceans.”
Similar concerns led to demonstrations in 17 cities across Canada in September 2013, with protesters calling for the federal government to stop cuts to research programs, and relax rules that many government scientists said hampered them from telling the public about their research.
Ross used to give frequent interviews to the media about his studies into the contamination of Canada's oceans, and the fish and animals in them. He says that stopped when Prime Minister Stephen Harper came into power.
“My ability to convey important findings to the general public, to the electorate, to the taxpayer, has been severely curtailed,” Ross told the fifth estate.
Not long after the Conservative government was elected in 2008, a new media protocol was introduced that required any request for an interview with a federal scientist to be approved by officials. Documents obtained through access to information requests by Postmedia News stated that “Just as we have ‘one department, one website' we should have ‘one department, one voice'.”
Dr. Peter Phillips, a specialist in public policy and science at the University of Saskatchewan argues that it is not the role of government scientists to speak out to the public, but rather work behind the scenes to advise politicians. It is up to the politicians to make decisions, and the voters will hold them to account, he says.
“We don't have philosopher kings that make choices for us,” he told MacIntyre. “Scientists give us the evidence that accumulates and generates compelling stories about how, what can and should be done by society. But it doesn't tell us when do we move. It doesn't tell us where to move. It gives us some options.”
How will the impact of climate change in the Arctic be measured?
Dr. Tom Duck is a professor of Atmospheric Science at Dalhousie University, who helped found the world-renowned Polar Environment Atmospheric Research Laboratory, or PEARL.
Located just 1,000 kilometres from the North Pole, the research station was a one-of-a-kind facility that provided scientific data on ozone depletion and climate change for scientists around the world. Then in 2012, its budget was drastically cut.
Without that funding for PEARL, Duck had to stop his research, and most of his colleagues left the country to find other work.
Duck fears that the Harper government's pursuit of valuable oil and gas resources in the Arctic, as they become increasingly accessible due to climate change, led to the cuts at PEARL.
“We know that climate change is an enormous problem. It is the problem for the next century, so if you want to get out your oil, you have to get it out now,” he told the fifth estate. “If you want to get it out now, you make sure the scientists aren't causing any problems. If you want to make sure the scientists aren't causing any problems, you take away all their funding.”
In May 2013, PEARL received a new grant from the federal government, pledging $5 million over five years so that the facility could resume its operations. But it wasn't enough to save Duck's research - his lab in Halifax where scientists processed data from the Arctic station is now closed, and his research group has left.
How will the environmental impact of the oil sands be addressed?
Resource development in the oil sands of Alberta has also turned a number of Canadian scientists into critics of the Harper government, raising alarms about the long-term environmental and health consequences of oil extraction.
Before he retired in the fall of 2013, for example, David Schindler was a professor of ecology at the University of Alberta, where his research raised concerns about pollution from the oil sands. His research team found that the resource project was contaminating the Athabasca watershed, and some fish living there were developing deformities. When his findings were published in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences, Schindler was criticized by both the Alberta and federal governments.
Now he's become an outspoken critic of a government ideology that he says is putting economic development ahead of all other policy objectives.
“It's like they don't want to hear about science anymore,” he said. “They want politics to reflect economics 100 per cent - economics being only what you can sell, not what you can save.”
But Phillips says cuts to federal programs and institutes do not necessarily mean that science has been decimated, but rather that excessive regulation has been reduced.
“I think what's happened is there's been a rebalancing. To some people that's gutting, because it changes the balance of power in these processes,” he said. “For those who do not want to see certain types of development, it will be gutting. But for people who are expecting appropriate oversight of new developments, but want to see socially responsible development emerge - some people may see that as a positive.”
What don't we know about Canada's earliest history?
Dr Pat Sutherland spent years on Baffin Island, uncovering ground-breaking evidence that Norse explorers had been in the Arctic earlier and for longer than anyone had previously thought. Her research made headlines in scientific circles, and garnered media attention including a feature in the National Geographic and a documentary on CBC's The Nature of Things.
“I had expected that they would be pleased because this kind of media attention is rare for archaeologists, in Canada anyway,” she said. “I had hoped that it would be seen as beneficial to the museum and that it would certainly help promote continuation of the research.”
But if Sutherland expected celebration over media publicity from her employer, the Museum of Civilization, she was in for a disappointment.
The federal government planned to rebrand the museum to the Museum of Canadian History. And it seemed her archaeology project didn't fit the new identity.
“Whereas the Museum of Civilization's mandate was to increase Canadians and the world's critical understanding of cultural events in history, we're now reversing that,” said Turk, with the Canadian Association of University Teachers.
“They're turning it into a glorified Madame Tussauds wax museum, or a Canadian Hockey Hall of Fame view of history.”
In 2012, Sutherland was dismissed by her employer after investigators prepared a report for the museum outlining a litany of complaints from former colleagues. Her research project was shut down. Since then, she has not been able to access her decades of scholarly work by the museum.
“What's even more troubling is not only is she let go, but she's denied access to the material she needs to continue her work,” Turk said.
“I think her case illustrates pretty dramatically some of the problems with the politicization of science, the politicization of these kinds of matters.”
GRANTS PASS, Ore. - Grants Pass authorities have arrested a Grants Pass mans following allegations of sexual abuse.
Michael Lewis, 51, was reportedly a pastor at now defunct Christ Fellowship Church in Grants Pass when the alleged sexual abuse occurred.
Earlier this month, detectives began investigating the case in which it is alleged that between July 2014 and November 2016, Lewis subjected a juvenile female church member to sexual contact.
"Anytime you have an individual who's in a position of trust, particularly in a faith-based organization, those are usually pretty shocking to have them happen. It's not a common thing to happen. It does happen, but it's not something to happen all the time," said Deputy Chief Jim Hamilton.
Authorities arrested Lewis following an interview with him regarding the sex abuse allegations.
He was lodged in Josephine County Jail on charges of sexual abuse, rape and sodomy.
Anyone with further information on this matter is encouraged to contact Detective Heather Yerrick at 541-450-6260.
Rep. Dennis J. Kucinich, who on Wednesday went to a U.S. court in an effort to stop President Obama's troop deployment in Libya, also has told the United Nations and the International Criminal Court to look into whether NATO's bombing campaign has broken international law.
In a letter to U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon and ICC prosecutor Luis Loreno-Ocampo, Mr. Kucinich said NATO's military actions in both Libya and Afghanistan have gone beyond the U.N. mandates and have led to civilian deaths.
“It is imperative that NATO and its commanders are held directly accountable under international criminal statutes for actions which place the lives of innocent civilians at risk,” Mr. Kucinich, Ohio Democrat, wrote. “The United Nations, if it is to continue to be a credible interlocutor among nations, has no choice but to conduct an independent investigation of actions taken by NATO and to pursue prosecution where warranted.”
Mr. Kucinich has been strongly anti-war, opposing both President George W. Bush's action in Iraq and Mr. Obama's decisions to escalate the war in Afghanistan and to join the NATO effort in Libya.
On Wednesday he led a group of House lawmakers who sued in U.S. court, arguing that Mr. Obama has exceeded his authority by committing U.S. troops to Libya in violation of the 1973 War Powers Resolution.
Copyright © 2019 The Washington Times, LLC. Click here for reprint permission.
TaxProf Blog points to a Wall Street Journal piece by W. Kurt Hauser showing a hard fact that has yet to sink in on most budget-balancers: Since World War II, federal revenue as a percentage of GDP hasn't budged much from a bit shy of 19 percent. Regardless of tax rates and what have you, that's the amount the feds have been able to collect. Writes Hauser (of Stanford and The Hoover Institution):
Over this period there have been more than 30 major changes in the tax code including personal income tax rates, corporate tax rates, capital gains taxes, dividend taxes, investment tax credits, depreciation schedules, Social Security taxes, and the number of tax brackets among others. Yet during this period, federal government tax collections as a share of GDP have moved within a narrow band of just under 19% of GDP. Why? Higher taxes discourage the "animal spirits" of entrepreneurship. When tax rates are raised, taxpayers are encouraged to shift, hide and underreport income. Taxpayers divert their effort from pro-growth productive investments to seeking tax shelters, tax havens and tax exempt investments. This behavior tends to dampen economic growth and job creation. Lower taxes increase the incentives to work, produce, save and invest, thereby encouraging capital formation and jobs. Taxpayers have less incentive to shelter and shift income.
Whole WSJ piece here.
The folks at American Thinker have made a picture of the top marginal rate vs. total revenue. Here's what it looks like:
This has real and obvious implications for all plans to balance the federal budget and reduce debt load, including the co-chairs' draft proposal from President Obama's National Commission on Fiscal Responsibility and Reform (which brags about getting spending down "eventually to 21%" of GDP, thus locking in deficit spending).
Any budget plan based on revenue being better than 19 percent of GDP is just blowing smoke.
Hat tip: Reason columnist and Mercatus Center economist Veronique de Rugy.
By Jason Pan / Staff reporter
Participants in an outdoor nudist barbeque party in the mountains of Wulai (烏來) in New Taipei City escaped serious punishment for offenses against public decency, after prosecutors gave them only a one-year “stayed charge.”
Prosecutors said they decided to be lenient because the party organizers had tried to safeguard their privacy and the activity took place in a secluded location.
The leaders of the nudist group, a woman surnamed Chen (陳) and a man surnamed Chu (朱), organized the au naturel barbeque event, which took place in a forest in September last year.
The “stayed charge,” handed down earlier this week, means that the charges have been withdrawn, but each participant was fined NT$2,000.
Commenting on the decision, Chen said: “I enjoy the feeling of my clothes-free body being in touch with nature. What is wrong with that?”
Saying society is too conservative, Chen added: “Why do people think that the naked body is something dirty?”
“We are just a group of people who love to embrace freedom outdoors. It is a healthy lifestyle to bare one's body in nature. We do not engage in wild sex parties; it is not a swinger's club. I do not understand why people have such biased preconceptions.”
Chen and Chu utilized Facebook to invite fellow devotees of “naturism” to join the party. Male participants paid NT$1,000, while women forked out NT$300 to join the party.
According to a prosecutors' statement, a total of 10 people — seven men and three women — ranging in age from 36 to 57, attended the event.
They drove by car to a forest in Wulai, then hiked to a place near the upper stream of Tonghou River (桶后溪) to a secluded location to hold the party.
Chen said that the fees were used to pay for the food, barbeque grills, fuel, equipment and other expenses.
She said men were charged more because they usually consume more food than women.
Chu said nudist camps are found in many countries around the world, and the clubs have families as regular members.
“So why do people in Taiwan give us peculiar looks as though something deviant is going on?” she asked.
“After what happened this time, I do not think that nudist clubs have any future in Taiwan,” she said.
According to media reports, someone tipped off the police about the event, and officers conducted an investigation, questioning Chu and other participants and taking photographs to use as evidence.
Remember when there were rumors circulating last year that Sony's PS4 might not allow people to play secondhand games on it? Well, unfortunately for us, there might be more truth to than what we initially believed.
NeoGAF user gofreak has unearthed a patent application filed by Sony Japan for near field communication (NFC) technology that will make used games a no-go on the PS4.
Here are some of the relevant details in the patent:
According to the present embodiment, realized is the electronic content processing system that reliably restricts the use of electronic content dealt in the second-hand markets. As a result, the dealing of electronic content in the second-hand markets is suppressed, which in turn supports the redistribution of part of proceeds from sales of the electronic content to the developers. Though in the following description a game application (AP) is exemplified as the electronic content, the present embodiment is similarly applicable to various kinds of electronic content such as an office suite, images, and music content. By employing the game playing system 1000 according to the present embodiment, the use permission tag 220 together with the game disk 210 is supplied to the user, and the use permission tag 220 actively determines the use permit/rejection of electronic content. Thereby, the use of game AP stored in the game disk 210 can be restricted as appropriate according to the attribute of a reproduction device. Consider, for example, a case where used is a game package 200 distributed in the second-hand market. Then the ID of reproduction device for the game disk 210 differs from the legitimate use device ID stored in the use permission tag 220, so that the game disk can be reproduced in a mode which is predetermined for those bought and sold in the second-hand market. Also, for example, a content key may be supplied to the reproduction device 130 and the encrypted game AP may be decrypted using the content key only if the reproduction device ID matches a legitimate use device ID. Hence, use of game APs bought and sold in the second-hand market can be eliminated.
Allegedly, this works by supplying an RF tag with each copy of a physical game, which (independent of a net connection) will remember if a game has been tied to a different console or user account. The unit (presumably the PS4), checks this tag first before booting the game.
Keep in mind that even if a patent has been filed, this doesn't mean that used games won't work for the PS4. Also of note, this patent — if it comes to pass — doesn't 100% guarantee that second hand games won't work on the PS4. It might just be Sony patenting something it thought up. But don't be surprised if more and more publishers and console-makers try and curb used games sales. It does eat up into their profit margin, after all.
Honestly, I don't think any console that will restrict people from playing secondhand games will fly. I mean, not just from a used games sales standpoint. What if you want to lend your newly-purchased game to a friend? What if your account gets hacked or your console dies? There's just so many factors now that I don't think Sony or even Microsoft would dare restrict used games to run on the Xbox 720 or PS4.
But, I could be wrong…let's just hope I'm not.
Do you think Sony would be foolish enough to implement this sort of thing for the PS4? What would you do if Sony or Microsoft does restrict or put an additional fee for you to play used games?
As Season 4 filming gets well underway, we start to have another slue of casting announcements comes along the wire.
Elizabeth Webster is set to be cast as Walda Frey in the upcoming season. She is the the grand-daughter of Lord Walder Frey and is set to be the young new wife of Roose Bolton. She has acted in TV series such as the hit British TV Drama “Call The Midwife” and “The Bloody Mary Show”.
Another casting announcement is of Lu Corfied who will be playing a Mole's Town madame in the new season. She is most notably known for playing Dr. Freya Wilson in the TV Drama “Doctors”. She has also acted in “The Woman in Black” voicing Jennet.
Interesting news also from over at Winteriscoming.net, apparently Noah Taylor is indeed returning as Locke in season four but he is also going to be sent to the Wall along with the other Bolton bannermen who stood by while Jaime Lannisters hand was cleavered off. Interesting dynamic the show is introducing. I wonder what they are going to do with it. Comment below on what you think is likely to happen!
Advertisements
Gilmore Girls fans, I'm going to need you to sit down, because Jackson Douglas recently conducted an interview in which he shared some major news about the revival. News that could be devastating to all the theorizing we've been doing over the last six months about the Gilmore Girls revival. Because, apparently, while we've all been over here coming up with endless explanations for what a prop labeled “Wedding” could mean and what a scene shot in a cemetery could imply, it turns out that the cast and crew may have been filming fake scenes to avoid any spoilers. At least that's what Douglas said. And if this news is true, it could have big implications for everything that we thought we knew about the revival, including the biggest storyline of all: The wedding. Because if Amy Sherman-Palladino wrote a bunch of fake scenes to avoid leaks and spoilers, then it's totally possible that the wedding might not be one of them.
I know, I know. Even putting those words out into the world makes me feel like such a bearer of bad news, but blame Douglas, who revealed exclusively to GilmoreNews that the Gilmore Girls revival shot a bunch of scenes that wouldn't be used: “They shot red herring scenes. They shot stuff that isn't going to make it, as a misdirect in case of leaks. Whole scenes or ending of scenes… there are very select people that know the whole story. I'm not one of those people!”
And with a huge cast of returning characters, crew members, and more actors than I can even count, it really is no wonder that so much effort had to be put in to keeping things about the revival under wraps. Still, thinking about what this means for the alleged wedding scene has been making my lower lip quiver.
Because the wedding and all of its attached questions — whose is it? how will a wedding impact a show about two independent women? how would it affect Lorelai and Rory's future? — was about 95% of what I was looking forward to in the revival. The minute I heard the news that there was a prop labeled for a wedding scene spotted in the Warner Brothers Studio, I just about died and went to Gilmore Girls heaven. I personally spent days — weeks, maybe? — dreaming about all of the things that the wedding could mean for my favorite Stars Hollow citizens. But with this new news that fake scenes were shot for the revival, all of those dreams may be laid to waste.
But I have to say: I'm sort of relieved that this could be the case. Every time a new picture leaked from the revival or a script was sort of see through, I got secretly bummed that so many details were being revealed. Every time there was a new prop revealed or a comment made about a very important costume or pictures posted from what appeared to be large dance scene, I felt sort of cheated of the suspense I would have had without all of these spoilers.
But as duped as I feel thinking about the possibility that these all might be red herring scenes, as a viewer I'm sort of relieved that I'm more in the dark than ever when it comes to the Gilmore Girls revival. Nothing ruins a show more than a spoiler, and it sounds like some of the spoilers we may have been anticipating may have been nothing more than attempts to mislead us all along.
Image: Warner Bros. Pictures; Giphy (2)
Not to be confused with Hassanal Bolkiah
Prince Jefri Bolkiah, full name His Royal Highness Pengiran Digadong Sahibul Mal Pengiran Muda Jefri Bolkiah ibni Al-Marhum Sultan Haji Omar Ali Saifuddien Sa'adul Khairi Waddien[1] (born 6 November 1954), is a member of the Brunei Royal Family. His elder brother is Sultan of Brunei Hassanal Bolkiah.[2]
Prince Jefri was the finance minister of his oil-rich country from 1986 to 1998.[1] He also served as chairman of the Brunei Investment Agency (BIA) which invests much of the country's wealth [3] and was responsible for overseas investments.[4] In the wake of the 1997 Asian Financial Crisis, the sultan had external accountants audit the books of BIA, resulting in charges by the Brunei government that Prince Jefri had embezzled $14.8 billion.[5] He denies the charges but in 2000 agreed to turn over his personal holdings to the government, in return for avoiding criminal prosecution and being allowed to keep a personal residence in Brunei.[6] After numerous legal disputes and appeals, in 2007 Britain's Privy Council ruled that this agreement is enforceable.[3] His various legal issues with the Bruneian state have become the most expensive legal case in British legal history.[7] Prince Jefri is known for his extravagant lifestyle.[6] His personal holdings included a huge art collection, the British jeweller Asprey, the New York Palace Hotel, Hotel Bel-Air in Los Angeles and Plaza Athénée in Paris.[7] He is married to three wives and divorced from two others[8] and has eighteen children.[9]
Personal life [ edit ]
He has had five wives, two of whom he is divorced from and three to whom he is still married,[8] and eighteen children[5] aged between around 4 to 37 in 2008.[6] Additionally he has faced a number of accusations, including lawsuits from the women allegedly involved,[10] that he has paid women to go to Brunei to have sex with him[11][12] (see “Other legal issues” below); it is alleged he kept a harem of up to forty women for several years, which included the writer Jillian Lauren, who published Some Girls: My Life in a Harem about her experiences.[13][14] Jillian says that Jefri liked to be called "Robin" by women in the harem, which is also the vanity plate on one of his Bentley Continental Rs.
His costly possessions included a private Boeing 747,[15] a large art collection including works by Manet, Renoir and at least twenty-one works by Degas, along with a collection of 2,000 luxury cars, a number of properties including the Plaza Athénée hotel in Paris and Hotel Bel-Air in Los Angeles,[9] the New York Palace Hotel in Manhattan, and others in Paris, Las Vegas and St John's Lodge, in Regent's Park, London,[6] businesses such as the luxury goods manufacturer Asprey, and a yacht named Tits (which came with tenders named Nipple 1 and Nipple 2).[10] His assets were estimated at $1.5 billion.[9] By the 2000s, due to his legal issues (see below) he was forced to sell many of his assets and be exiled from Brunei,[6] although as of September 2009 he appears to have been allowed to return to Brunei and has been seen in public with the Royal Family.[7]
Legal issues with Brunei [ edit ]
Prince Jefri has had a number of legal issues with the state of Brunei, which have amounted to the most costly legal battle in the world.[16]
Brunei is a gas and oil rich state ruled by the Sultan in a constitutional sultanate;[17] the Sultan has control over every aspect of life in Brunei.[18] The Sultan was, at one time, the richest man in the world.[19] From 20 October 1986 to 23 February 1997 Prince Jefri was the Minister of Finance for Brunei,[3] responsible for dealing with revenue from oil and gas through the state body Brunei Investment Agency (BIA),[20] of which Prince Jefri was chairman.[10]
Prince Jefri also owned a network of companies and investment vehicles under the name Amadeo run by his son Hakim,[10] which was used to buy the luxury goods company Asprey and build an amusement park and other projects in Brunei.[19] In July 1998 the Amadeo group collapsed under US$10 billion in debt.[21] Between 1983 and mid-1998 some US$40 billion of what were called "special transfers" were made from the accounts of the BIA.[3]
An independent investigation was undertaken into the circumstances of these special transfers, concluding that in round figures, US$14.8 billion were paid to the accounts of Prince Jefri, US$8 billion to accounts of the Sultan and US$3.8 billion for Government purposes; the destination, purpose and recipients of the remaining transfers were not established.[3] Due to the secretive nature of the state and the blurred lines as to where the royal family's finances and the state finances began and ended, establishing the true course of events is very difficult.[19]
Prince Jefri was accused of misappropriating state funds to pay for his own personal investments, bought through BIA and Amedeo companies and removed from his position as head of BIA.[22][23]
In February 2000, the Bruneian government attempted to obtain a freezing order on Prince Jefri's overseas assets, which led to him countersuing in New York.[22] Following protracted negotiations a settlement agreement was signed by the Prince in May 2000,[3] the terms of which were never made public.[21] However, Prince Jefri claimed assurances were made to him by the Sultan with regards to keeping certain properties to maintain his lifestyle, which BIA denied.[3][21]
In accordance with the settlement agreement signed in 2000, the prince began to return his assets to the state, including more than 500 properties, both in Brunei and abroad, more than 2,000 cars, 100 paintings, five boats, and nine aircraft.[21] In 2001, ten thousand lots of Prince Jefri's possessions went to auction.[24]
However, the BIA alleged that the Prince failed to uphold the agreement by failing to disclose all his accounts, and allowing money to be taken from frozen accounts,[16] and restarted legal proceedings to gain full control of the Prince's assets. After a number of appeals,[18] this finally reached the Privy Council in London, which can serve as Brunei's highest court of appeal as a result of Brunei's former protectorate status.[25]
The Privy Council rejected Prince Jefri's evidence, describing his contention that the agreement allowed for him to retain a number of properties as "simply incredible",[26] and ruled in favour of the Government of Brunei and the BIA; consequently the Prince's appeal was dismissed and he was ordered to return the rest of his assets to Brunei.[3]
The decision of the Privy Council did not end the litigation between Prince Jefri and the BIA. The BIA re-opened proceedings in Malaysia and the Cayman Islands, resulting in the BIA gaining control over the Hotel Bel-Air in Los Angeles and The New York Palace Hotel in Manhattan.[27]
The BIA also re-opened collateral litigation in the British High Court. After winning before the Privy Council, the BIA asked the court to determine whether Prince Jefri should be held in contempt of court for allegedly making misstatements in his listing of assets. The contempt proceeding was scheduled for a hearing in June 2008, but the Prince did not attend, instead going to Paris.[16][28] Judge Peter Smith did not rule on whether Prince Jefri was in contempt, but did issue a warrant for his arrest.[29] As of November 2010, the warrant still appears to be in place, meaning the Prince will be arrested if he enters the UK.[30]
As of October 2009, Prince Jefri is rumoured to have been allowed back to Brunei.[7]
Other legal issues [ edit ]
In 1997 Shannon Marketic, a former Miss USA, accused Prince Jefri and the Sultan, among others, of flying her and many other women to Brunei under false pretenses to be part of a harem, and that she was abused by those in the royal court.[12] The case was settled out of court.[31]
In February 1998 Prince Jefri was sued by his former business partners Bob and Rafi Manoukian for £80 million over two property deals they claim he reneged upon;[32] the Manoukians claimed he flew in prostitutes from around the world and led a wildly extravagant lifestyle.[33] The Prince countersued, then settled out of court.[31][34]
In 2006, the Prince began legal proceedings against his former advisors, the barrister Thomas Derbyshire and his wife Faith Zaman, in both the UK and US,[35] accusing them of stealing funds from him.[36] The pair had worked for Prince Jefri since 2004, were given authority over a number of the Prince's companies, and were accused of using proceeds from property sales for their own benefit and charging personal expenses to corporate credit cards.[37] However, they contended no money was taken and all the contested purchases were for the use of the Prince and his family,[38] and counter-sued for US$12 million they claim they were owed.[37] The case is estimated to have cost Brunei US$60 million to litigate despite the value of the court case being US$7 million[39] and Prince Jefri being a key witness for the State of Brunei, which has repeatedly taken him to court,[40] challenging his compliance with court orders and questioning his veracity.[26]
In November 2010, pictures of statues the Prince had made of him and his fiancée, Micha Raines, having sex were leaked.[41][42][43] Various details, such as previous challenges by BIA to Prince Jefri's credibility, the wealth of Prince Jefri, the Sultan and the state of Brunei, his multiple wives, the statues and the still-in-effect British warrant for the Prince's arrest were banned from being mentioned in the courtroom as Judge Ira Gammerman ruled they were irrelevant to the case.[44][45] After nearly six weeks of trial, the jury returned a unanimous verdict[46] against the Prince on all but one count.[47] The Prince and the New York Palace Hotel were ordered to pay the Derbyshires US$21 million in total.[48] Brunei has stated it intends to appeal.[47]
The Prince's legal advisor and spokesman is David Sandy,[5] a partner at Simmons & Simmons.
Honours [ edit ]
He has been awarded :[49]
Bruneian honours [ edit ]
Malaysian honours [ edit ]
Foreign honours [ edit ]
Ancestry [ edit ]
Ancestors of Jefri Bolkiah, Prince of Brunei 16. Omar Ali Saifuddien II 8. Hashim Jalilul Alam Aqamaddin 17. Zaida binti Pengarah Digadong Tuan Laman Awang Sulaiman 4. Muhammad Jamalul Alam II 18. Pengiran Anak Saiful Rijal (= 10) 9. Pengiran Siti Fatimah 19. Pian Jamaliah (= 11) 2. Omar Ali Saifuddien III 20. Pengiran Anak Muhammad Yusuf 10. Pengiran Anak Saiful Rijal 21. Pengiran Anak Sarbanum 5. Pengiran Anak Fatimah 11. Pian Jamaliah 1. Jefri Bolkiah 24. Hashim Jalilul Alam Aqamaddin (= 8) 12. Pengiran Muda Besar Omar Ali Saifuddin 25. Pengiran Anak Chandra Kesuma 6. Pengiran Anak Abdul Rahman 26. Pengiran Muda Besar Muhammad Jamalul Alam 13. Pengiran Anak Siti Khadija 27. Pengiran Anak Saleha 3. Pengiran Anak Damit 28. Radin Haji Muhammad Daud 14. Radin Haji Hassan 29. Hajah Saleha 7. Pengiran Fatima 30. Radin Haji Abdul Rahman 15. Hajah Zainab 31. Dayang Siti Aminah Mekah
Donald Trump currently has at least 846 delegates, according to the NBC News tally, and he can still clear the magic number of 1,237 during the primary season. Doing so would prevent the open convention that Ted Cruz and the Stop Trump movement are banking on. Here's what it would take:
April 26
Pennsylvania (17 pledged delegates, 54 unbound): Trump leads in every poll and is on pace to win the 17 pledged delegates that will go to the statewide winner. The 54 unbound delegates will be selected in the primary and will be free to vote for whomever they want at the national convention. Even if they declare a candidate preference before the convention, they will not be formally bound to it in any way. That said, a large number of them are already committing publicly to supporting whichever candidate wins their congressional district – or at least to weighing the district result heavily in their decision. Trump may have trouble in a few districts around Philadelphia, but his wide poll lead suggests he's on course to run up wide margins across most of the state. Practically speaking, it may be very hard for an unbound delegate who wins his or her slot by vowing to honor the results in his or her district to wiggle out of that commitment in the face of a Trump landslide. Target: 17 pledged delegates plus 36 unbound
Maryland (38 delegates): Trump leads the state by a wide margin and should easily win the 14 delegates that come with a statewide victory. The other 24 are given out by congressional district – three to the winner of each of the state's eight districts. Polling suggests Trump may lose to John Kasich in the D.C. metro area. Target: 32 delegates
Delaware (16): It's a winner-take-all state and Trump leads big. Target: 16
Connecticut (28): If Trump can break 50 percent statewide, he should sweep the state (provided he doesn't finish behind Kasich in the 4th Congressional District, which includes the state's affluent and highly educated Gold Coast). Currently, Trump is running at 48 percent statewide. Target: 28
Rhode Island (19): Demographically, this state is a perfect fit for Trump and should produce one of his largest margins. The bad news: Its system for delegate allocation is highly proportional, limiting his potential gains. Target: 10
Leaving aside the Pennsylvania unbound delegates, if Trump hits these numbers he'll end April with at least 949 delegates. That would bring us to:
May 3
Indiana (57): It's hard to overstate the importance of this state. This is because a very small shift in the vote could produce a major shift in delegates. This has to do with how Indiana distributes delegates: 30 to the statewide winner, plus three to the winner of each of the state's nine congressional districts. So, for example, if Trump were to eke out a narrow statewide win while carrying six districts, he would net 48 delegates. But shave a few points off his total and give him a narrow loss and his delegate haul could be in the single digits. The potential swing here is huge, and the state's demographics suggest it could be the closest contest left on the board. A Trump win here may be essential to clearing 1,237 cleanly. Target: 48
May 10
West Virginia (34): Based on demographics, Trump should crush it here. The catch is that the state's absurdly complicated ballot could mean that Trump voters fail to vote for Trump delegates. Otherwise, West Virginia looks like a Trump cakewalk. Target: 30
Nebraska (36): A winner-take-all primary smack in the middle of what has been Cruz's strongest part of the country. A Trump win here would be an upset and would suggest he's well on his way to 1,237. But expect a Cruz victory. Target: 0
May 17
Oregon (28): All 28 delegates are awarded proportionally based on the statewide primary result. Target: 12
May 24
Washington (44): Delegates are given out proportionally at both the district and statewide levels to candidates who clear 20 percent in the primary. Target: 22
Meeting all of these targets would leave Trump with at least 1,061 delegates at the end of May. That would mean he would need a total of 176 on:
June 7
New Jersey (51): Polls and demographics say this will be an easy Trump win in a big winner-take-all state. Target: 51
Montana (27): A winner-take-all state that looks suspiciously like Cruz country. Target: 0
South Dakota (29): Same as above, this time with 29 delegates at stake. Target: 0
New Mexico (24): Delegates are given out proportionally here to all candidates breaking 15 percent. Target: 10
California (172): A mere 13 delegates go to the statewide winner here, with the real action in the state's 53 congressional districts, where the winner of each will receive three delegates. The bad news for Trump: The Cruz team is talking up its superior organizing at the district-level, something that could be especially critical in the many heavily Democratic districts around Los Angeles and San Francisco, where few Republicans will actually vote on June 7. There's also a poll that suggests Trump could win statewide while struggling in district-rich Los Angeles County. The good news: Trump is still leading statewide and his support tends to be more evenly distributed than Cruz's. Plus, there's not much evidence in this year's results that the kind of district-based organizing Cruz is attempting will be that effective. If Trump really does win California by a high single-digit margin, he still seems likely to carry an awful lot of districts. For the purposes of this exercise, let's say he can get two-thirds of them, or 35. Target: 118
If he makes these numbers, Trump would finish the primary season with at least 1,240 delegates – over the magic number. Obviously, this would be a perilous path with little margin for error. A loss in Indiana, for instance, would knock his final number well under 1,237. That said, a stronger win in California than we're penciling in here could push him well past 1,237. More importantly, this does not include the unbound delegates from Pennsylvania. Again, they'll be free to change their minds all the way up until the convention roll call, but if Trump wins Pennsylvania big it does seem likely he'll take a large number of them.
Which brings us to a bigger point: If Trump is short of 1,237, it still might not be enough for the Stop Trump forces. As the Pennsylvania situation shows, there are potential avenues for him to add delegates even if his primary season total is a few dozen short of 1,237. Moreover, if he's that close, there's the very practical issue of whether the Republican Party, for all of the anti-Trump noise now in the air, will want to spend those valuable weeks leading up the Cleveland convention desperate fighting someone who is likely in the end to have the votes to become the nominee.
Rep. Charles Rangel (D-N.Y.) on Monday said police union leaders should be more focused on keeping guns from the insane than pointing fingers at politicians over the murder of two New York City policemen.
Rangel offered criticism of New York City police union leaders who have directed their ire at New York City Mayor Bill de Blasio.
ADVERTISEMENT
“They should be conducting interviews mourning those that they lost and their family, talking about how do insane people get firearms and not criticizing but seeing how we can stop insane people from getting an opportunity to get firearms to kill anybody,” Rangel said on MSNBC's “The Rundown.”
“Two human beings were shot dead, we should not be pointing fingers at the mayor of the city of New York.”
The weekend killing of the two officers in an ambush provoked strong criticism from some police unions and politicians. They blamed de Blasio for creating an unstable environment by siding with critics of police after a black man died in Staten Island in an altercation with the police.
During the mayor's press conference Saturday, a group of officers turned their backs to de Blasio as he walked through. And the president of the Sergeants Benevolent Association, a New York police officers union, said in a letter that “the blood of these two officers is clearly on your hands.”
Rangel dismissed those claims and said that the true takeaway of the tragedy should be an increased push for gun control, specifically focused on restricting access to guns by the mentally ill.
“What we should do is follow Cardinal Dolan [the Archbishop of New York] and have our spiritual leaders say, ‘Hey, we can fight this after the burial, after we heal the wounds that are lost by this tragic episode,' ” he said.
“We've got serious problems to deal with and screaming and pointing fingers about ‘blood on your hands?' No, we have to come together as a city.”
Pedromar Augusto de Souza is the chief of police in the nearest city. The Formosa station house has six bullet holes in the door; police work is serious business here in Brazil, where cops and gangsters have running gun battles. Eye for an eye, tooth for a tooth, and, as if to prove it, Pedromar pulls a big hog-leg .45 automatic from his waistband, ejects the magazine from the butt, jacks the chambered round, which bounces three times and settles. He hands over the shiny gun for inspection. The bullet? A hollow point. Goes in little, comes out big.
He has been working hard investigating the bizarre death of Tony Lee Harris, American citizen. It's the only case assigned directly to him. From afar, he has heard the conspiracy theories from the folks back in the States: that Universo lured Tony down to Brazil to kill him; that the police are covering up a crime, or worse; or even that the Brazilian Army killed him. Most of the theories are rooted in misinformation: Some media reports in Seattle included errors, which aroused suspicion; the cremation of the body was viewed as suspicious, though family members back home didn't know there was really nothing left but skin, bones and worms. He knows people think he's not being thorough. "It would be easy to say it's a suicide and close the case," he says. "I want to make really sure it was not homicide. To be 100 percent sure."
There are a few questions left. The decomposition of the body prohibited an accurate toxicology report. The cause of death is still officially undetermined, and lab officials cannot say with complete certainty that it was a death by hanging. They are virtually certain, but the state of the corpse has hindered the detective work. And there are other stray facts: Two cigarette butts were found near the body. Lab technicians are working to determine whether these were smoked by Tony, though no lighter was found near his body. Tony's wedding ring was missing. His wallet was missing. His sweatpants were missing. There was likely money missing, though how much is unknown.
And then there's the biggest mystery of all: the curious extra shoelace.
De Souza needs answers before closing the case. Right now, there is a sliver of doubt. A heartbreaking possibility exists: Could Tony Harris have been losing his mind, running from people who were not chasing him, only to end up surrounded by actual danger? "The most likely is suicide," de Souza says. "But some people walking around the street asking for money, maybe they saw him and thought this guy has money and they killed him. That's another question."
Will it ever be possible to conclusively prove what happened?
De Souza considers the question. The body had no bullet holes or stab wounds, no broken bones or tissue under the fingernails. But the rain and the wilderness erased any other forensic clues.
"No," he says.
... When they took the body down, a tree remained, with the cerrado alive around it, birds chirping, water running, nature going on as if Tony Harris had never lived ...
The walk to the monkey pepper tree is long and difficult, no matter the route. Tony Harris leaves the gas station, and disappears into the cerrado, a sprawling Brazilian savanna that surrounds the town. Cerrado means "inaccessible" in Portuguese.
The land is frightening and foreign, quilts of open field dotted with termite mounds and tall, tropical trees. There are long runs of covered forest. The greens are psychedelic. Jaguars roam the forests and grasslands, their roar like a loud cough. Water flows, maybe a stream, maybe runoff from a recent shower. Large birds circle the tops of the trees, their shrieks breaking the peaceful gurgle of the water. Songbirds sing a sweet melody in the background. During the day, the sun bakes down, steaming all living things with alternating flurries of sun, rain, then more sun. At night, the chill comes and with it a darkness unlike anything a man from a civilized world has ever seen. At night, it's like God himself forgot the cerrado.
How long was Tony lost out here? A day? Two? Three? The soldiers say you could live for a month, if you knew what you were doing. The place is covered with edible fruit and fresh water. No one knows where Tony Harris walked, or what he thought or felt as he wove deeper and deeper into the maze-like wilderness. Was he scared? Did something finally turn off that neon sign in his mind? Did he stop running? Did someone stop him from running? Somehow he ended up at the monkey pepper tree. It's clearly visible, atop the crown of a small mound, in a clearing, a few smaller trees setting a perimeter. Though there is deeper forest around it, from the tree, a man can look up and see heaven.
No one knows exactly what happened to Tony Harris in his last minutes, but they do know where he was found. Police estimate he died on or about Friday, Nov. 9. An anonymous call came in on Sunday, Nov. 18, his birthday. About 20 feet from the monkey pepper tree is a fishing hole, though you can't see it without crawling through dense vegetation. A walking path to it, if you know where to dip into the forest, goes past the tree. Police believe the tipster is an illegal fisherman without permission to be on military property. That's yet another heartbreaking detail: Tony Harris loved to fish and some investigators believe he might have been out of his mind from dehydration. But if he had walked more or less straight here from town, he ended up only 20 yards shy of life-saving water and more fish than he could have eaten in a month.
Police and soldiers arrive on the scene. They smell it before they see it, a grotesque, barely human form, bleached white in spots and warped by the sun and rain, skin losing to gravity in big folds, those big basketball shoes just a foot off the ground. Bugs swarm and body fluids stain the trunk of the tree black. The corpse, no longer Tony Harris, hangs from a sturdy branch by a black shoelace. They notice that both of the shoelaces are in place. So he brought an extra shoelace with him from Brasilia, managed to keep it despite losing his computer, pants, wallet and ring? Could have happened.
The location of the pepper tree leads everyone who sees it to think suicide. This place seems too remote for anyone to have carried a body so far, and forensic evidence suggests Tony's life ended in this clearing, hanging from a monkey pepper tree, four miles from Bezerra, 6,000 miles from Seattle, totally and utterly alone.
It's the perfect tree. A short step up onto a low branch, an easy reach to tie the shoelace around a higher branch, then a quick step off. Death would have begun quickly, air cut off, the pressure on the spinal column beginning a domino effect, motor ability lessened or lost. Did his life flash before his eyes? Did he see a lost job and rejected applications? Did he see people chasing him and shadows and whispers? Or did he see other, happier things? Maybe a boy in Seattle pointing so many years ago and telling his mom: That's Tony Harris. He plays for Garfield. Maybe a bear hug with Kelvin Sampson after making it to the NCAA Tournament. Or did he see his 14-year-old son, who looks just like him, or his wife, or his mother, or his friends? Did he see his future?
No one knows. But the police do believe this: The very last act of Tony Harris on planet earth was to fight for his life. As he hung from that shoelace, his time now down to seconds, unable to use his arms and legs, he bit down on the tree, sinking his teeth into the trunk, as if to buy one inch of life-saving air. He failed, and he died there, hanging from the monkey pepper tree.
The day after cutting his body down, police found a hole burrowed deep into the bark of the tree. Laying on the ground below was a tooth, the last will and testament of a man struggling for light in a place consumed by darkness.
Courtesy of Lori Harris ... But he did live, and he did amazing things with his life, things that will be missed. That's what his family tries to focus on. The good things, the happy times, back before the darkness.
Yesterday I wrote an article discussing why Morepath switched from the Werkzeug library to the WebOb library. I promised a followup with some feedback on WebOb and Werkzeug, and here it is.
Morepath is the friendly neighborhood Python web framework with superpowers that I'm working on.
Let me start by stating that Werkzeug and WebOb are extremely similar libraries. There are some minor differences in the details of the Request and the Response object API, but the capabilities are pretty equivalent. It was easy to switch from one to the other.
I am primarily interested in the Request and Response wrappers for WSGI, and my second interest is in the lower-level APIs to handle HTTP.
Lower-level APIs Werkzeug exposes and documents lower level APIs for HTTP processing. WebOb does not have so much layering, and does not expose a low-level HTTP API. I like Werkzeug better here. I noticed the lack in WebOb in one point in Morepath: dealing with basic authentication. While Werkzeug exposed an API for parsing the authentication header (parse_authorization_header), WebOb did not and I had to steal code from Pyramid. It would be nice if WebOb included more of such lower-level utility APIs.
Routing Werkzeug contains a routing implementation, which always bothered me a little; I have my own routing implementation in Morepath and do not want Werkzeug's. WebOb focuses on just request and response handling and is a better fit for Morepath here.
args versus GET, form versus POST Werkzeug exposes URL parameters in a args attribute of the Request object, and WebOb instead offers a GET attribute. I find the name of the GET attribute slightly wrong, as you can have URL parameters for a POST request as well. Werkzeug exposes a parsed form in its form attribute, whereas WebOb uses the POST attribute for this. This is also confusing, as it contains the POST body for other HTTP methods as well, such as PUT . In addition with form I get the immediate clue that it's a parsed form, whereas with POST I don't get this clue and in fact I had to check the manual to verify it only can contain form data. WebOb also offers params , which is GET and POST combined, but Morepath needs specific access, not this combined one. Werkzeug calls these values . It's easy enough to learn this and only a minor annoyance. Still, I wonder whether it'd be worth it for WebOb to introduce args and form as aliases for GET and POST and then perhaps deprecate the old style.
Performance As discussed, WebOb is a bit faster for my use cases than Werkzeug. I suspect a lot of the performance in WebOb has to do with the optimization efforts by Chris McDonough, who uses WebOb in Pyramid. Werkzeug's performance issues may be a regression due to compatibility code for Python 3 -- much of it seems to be due to an excessive amount of isinstance calls that probably have to do with string processing.
Python 3 Both WebOb and Werkzeug are Python 3 compatible, though the way WebOb introduced this compatibility evidently avoided performance issues.
Pyramid Compatibility While Morepath looks like Flask, it is quite similar to Pyramid under the hood in many details. When I announced the switch to WebOb from Werkzeug I got some positive feedback -- of course I might've gotten equivalent positive feedback from the Flask folk if I'd switched the other way around; it's impossible to say. I do know that in the Pyramid world there seems to be a bit more of a culture of sharing generic libraries than there is in the Flask world. People already expressed interest in sharing code between Pyramid libraries and Morepath libraries, and this should now be easier as the request and response objects are shared. This should in particular make it easier to write tweens in such a way that they work in Pyramid and Morepath both. Tweens are an idea I took from Pyramid and a tween function has the same API in Pyramid and Morepath -- it takes a request and returns a response. This would involve some refactoring of tween factory code however (or a compatibility layer), as the way tweens are created is different.
Mixins One thing that bothered me with Werkzeug are the many mixins provided that you can include in the Request and Response objects. It was never quite clear to me what mixins Morepath should be using exactly, except in one case, where I had to involve CommonResponseDescriptorsMixin to make sure the content_type header got set properly on the response -- which I found out only after some debugging. I don't really see the point of all these mixins; in theory you could include just the functionality you need, but in practice the extra functionality does not really hurt on the original Request and Response objects itself, and I just get confused as what I should use. WebOb does offer BaseRequest versus Request , where Request adds the AdhocAttrMixin , which seems to maintain all non-webob attributes on the Request in the WSGI environment for some reason. Once I saw the performance drawback that brought, I quickly started using BaseRequest instead.
Debug Server Werkzeug has a built-in debug server with some interesting capabilities. WebOb does not. I hadn't used the debug server myself with Morepath yet, though I had integrated it, so I didn't feel terrible in replacing it with the server of wsgiref for development purposes. Still, I should look around in WSGI/WebOb land to see whether I can find something similar. Anyone has any ideas?
HTTP Exceptions Werkzeug implements HTTP exception classes, and WebOb does too. This means you can raise a HTTP exception and have the framework catch it and use it as a HTTP response. Very convenient, and I use it in Morepath. But Werkzeug actually documents the HTTP exception classes available, and I can link to them with the Morepath documentation using intersphinx. WebOb does not offer API documentation for its exception classes, and I had to look at the source. It would be nice if WebOb included API documentation for these.
Peter Geoffrey Francis Jones (12 June 1920 – 10 April 2000)[1] was an English actor, screenwriter and broadcaster.
Biography [ edit ]
Early life and career [ edit ]
Peter Jones, born in Wem, Shropshire[2][3] , was educated at Wem Grammar School and Ellesmere College, making his first appearance as an actor in Wolverhampton at the age of 16 and then appeared in repertory theatre in East Anglia. In 1942 he acted on the West End stage in The Doctor's Dilemma and in 1942 he made an uncredited film appearance in Fanny by Gaslight. An early film credit was as a Xenobian trade delegate in Chance of a Lifetime (1950).
Radio [ edit ]
Between 1952 and 1955 Jones starred alongside Peter Ustinov in the BBC radio comedy In All Directions. The show featured Jones and Ustinov as themselves in a car in London perpetually searching for Copthorne Avenue. The comedy derived from the characters they met along the way, often also played by themselves. The show was unusual for the time in that it was largely improvised—with the tape subsequently edited for broadcast by Frank Muir and Denis Norden, who also sometimes took part. Two of the more popular characters were Morris and Dudley Grosvenor, two rather stupid East End spivs whose sketches always ended with the phrase "Run for it Dudley" (or Morry as appropriate). One recording, from October 1952, survives in the BBC Sound Archive. The Grosvenor character was revived for a later radio series We're in Business. Another notable radio role was as Mervyn Bunter in Dorothy L. Sayers' Lord Peter Wimsey stories. He was for 29 years a regular contestant on the panel game Just A Minute, becoming much-loved for his dry, acid wit.[4]
He was the voice of The Book in the original radio series of Douglas Adams' Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy. The creators had wanted someone with a "Peter Jonesy sort of voice" and after several rejections asked Jones himself.[5] He reprised the role for the LP and the TV series. Jones narrated Douglas Adams's later radio series Last Chance to See, in a style similar to the earlier series.
Jones had a role in Patrick Barlow's The Patrick and Maureen Maybe Music Experience.
He wrote and narrated J Kingston Platt's Showbiz Handbook in the early 1990s for BBC Radio 4. These comic monologues are the fictional memoirs of an actor and producer working in British theatre and film from the 1940s to the 1980s; the stories being partially based on his own career.
Jones starred as the lead character Julius Hutch, in two series of four episodes of Risk Capital in 1995 and 1997 for BBC.
Television [ edit ]
On television, he was best known for his lead role as Mr Fenner in the Classic Comedy series The Rag Trade (BBC TV 1961-63, LWT 1977-78), but he also had acting roles in the British comedy series The Goodies, the courtroom drama Rumpole of the Bailey, Holby City, Whoops Apocalypse, The Bill, Midsomer Murders, Minder and two episodes of The Avengers.
He also starred in the filmed comedy series From a Bird's Eye View (1970), a vehicle for Millicent Martin, in an attempt to break into the American market. He also appeared as Maurice Morris in Season 5 Episode 3 of the British comedy series Man About The House (1975)
From 1969 to 1971, Jones also starred (opposite Sheila Hancock) in a sitcom (for ITV, by Yorkshire Television) called Mr Digby, Darling, lasting 3 series (and 19 episodes). An occasional scriptwriter, he co-wrote and starred in the sitcom Mr Big (1977), with Ian Lavender, Prunella Scales and Carol Hawkins.[1]
Jones appeared as former Detective Inspector Henry Keys in the Minder episode The Great Depression of 1994.[6]
Film [ edit ]
Jones featured in a number of films, including Private's Progress (1956), School for Scoundrels (1960, reprising his Dudley Grosvenor character as a used-car salesman with Dennis Price), Just like a Woman (1967) alongside Wendy Craig, The Return of the Pink Panther (1975) and Chariots of Fire (1981).
Personal life and death [ edit ]
Jones died of natural causes, aged 79, in 2000 at Westminster, London.[7][8] His wife, Jeri Sauvinet, was an American theatre actress who pre-deceased him in 1999.[2] She played Miss Rufford in Lady Windermere's Fan, the comedy play by Oscar Wilde.[9] They had three children together; a daughter, Selena (later Carey-Jones and then Doggett-Jones), and two sons Charles Daniel Jones, and Bill Dare Jones.
Selected filmography [ edit ]
Every now and then internet users deep in this shit uncover some unreleased music (or other weird vintage shit), and they are so kind as to share it with the world via YouTube or a platform like it. Noisey has a segment dedicated to digging up this sort of things, and their latest discovery is a Earl Sweatshirt record dating back to 2010 (we hypothesize), with Odd Future's Tyler, The Creator on the boards. Although the quality isn't the best, you can still get a feel for this dark record backed by piano keys and thumping drums, while Earl vocalizes some ratchet thoughts.
Earl recently cancelled his upcoming tour dates in order to put in some work on his forthcoming album, to follow up last year's Doris.
Quotable Lyrics
Catch me poppin' pimples telling bitches triple 6s
Stabbin' them with pencils in their temples til my dick is rubbed
It's really fuckin' simple slut, Wolf Gang, get with us
Either that or grab a full fist of nuts and lick 'em up
President Trump and House Oversight Committee Chairman Jason Chaffetz Jason ChaffetzTop Utah paper knocks Chaffetz as he mulls run for governor: ‘His political career should be over' Boehner working on memoir: report Former GOP lawmaker on death of 7-year-old migrant girl: Message should be ‘don't make this journey, it will kill you' MORE (R-Utah) on Tuesday talked about repealing the Bears Ears Monument, the Antiquities Act, embassy security and postal reform.
What they didn't discuss was congressional oversight of the president.
“Before my bum even hit the chair, the president said, ‘No oversight. You can't talk about anything that has to do with oversight,' ” Chaffetz told reporters after his 30-minute Oval Office meeting with Trump.
ADVERTISEMENT
It was a strange opening remark given that Trump critics have been hounding the Oversight and Government Reform Committee chief to launch an investigation into the new president's conflicts of interest.
The rare meeting, also attended by White House chief of staff Reince Priebus, was characterized as more of a meet-and-greet with Trump, who sat behind the Resolute desk.
Chaffetz, who distanced himself from Trump during the campaign, congratulated Trump on his convincing victory in Utah. The two discussed the chairman's love for photographing wildlife as well as Trump's son Donald Jr.'s passion for hunting.
The name of Trump's presidential opponent, Hillary Clinton Hillary Diane Rodham ClintonSanders: 'I fully expect' fair treatment by DNC in 2020 after 'not quite even handed' 2016 primary Sanders: 'Damn right' I'll make the large corporations pay 'fair share of taxes' Former Sanders campaign spokesman: Clinton staff are 'biggest a--holes in American politics' MORE, never came up during the White House meeting, even though Chaffetz has vowed in recent weeks to continue probing her emails and handling of classified information.
“It was surreal to be there,” Chaffetz said of his first visit to the Oval Office. “He was very calm, very nice, chatty.”
Chaffetz and Priebus got to know each other well while working on Mitt Romney's 2012 presidential campaign. So last month, after Trump and Chaffetz briefly chatted backstage at the GOP retreat in Philadelphia, Chaffetz suggested to Priebus it would be nice to sit down with the new president.
Chaffetz quickly landed on Trump's calendar.
It didn't bother Chaffetz that Trump — from the outset Tuesday — said he didn't want any mention of oversight. That's because during their brief encounter in Philly, Trump seemed to encourage Chaffetz's committee should conduct congressional oversight of the executive branch.
“He was the one who said, ‘Feel free to investigate anything you want. That is your job. That is your role,'” Chaffetz said. “He was not going to put a heavy hand one direction or another. We have a job to do and we're gonna do it.”
One of Trump's more publicized potential conflicts of interest involves his new D.C. hotel, which occupies the historic Old Post Office building owned by the federal government. Chaffetz said he recently received a copy of the lease agreement between the Trump Organization and the federal General Services Administration and has questions about the agency's interpretation of whether Trump can be both landlord and tenant.
But Chaffetz explained that the president is exempt from federal conflict-of-interest laws.
“The Democrats can flail and complain and run around with their heads cut off. The reality is he's exempt from this,” Chaffetz told reporters in his office. “It would have to rise to a very high level for us to [target Trump].
Chaffetz has said his committee will focus more on the “government reform” side of the equation, but he made clear it would aggressively conduct oversight when it is called for.
“How he administers the government, how those government dollars are spent, of course we're going to be after that all day long,” the chairman said. “It's, on the surface, tougher to do oversight when it's your own party, but you have a job to do, and my job is not to be the president's cheerleader. ...
“There's always someone doing something stupid somewhere.”
Crist's regular-season stay lasted about as long as Notre Dame occupied a spot in the Top 25. The Irish were knocked out of the poll Tuesday following their stunning loss to USF on a wild day interrupted by dangerous weather.
Just two weeks ago, Crist was announced as the starter after beating out Rees in training camp. Kelly said at the time he expected the senior to keep the job for the rest of the season.
But Crist's uneven performance Saturday and Rees' strong relief job in the second half prompted the change.
"A very difficult situation that I felt needed to be addressed," Kelly said.
"I want to win right now. I believe Tommy gives us the best chance to win against Michigan. There are so many things you do within your program that you build for the future. Recruiting is always about building for the future. But your roster has to be evaluated about how to win right now. Especially at Notre Dame."
Kelly called Saturday's loss "probably one of the most frustrating experiences that I've ever had as a head football coach. I mean, extremely frustrating. Everybody was frustrated."
And Kelly, who gave Crist an earful on the sideline as the Irish fell behind 16-0 at the half, erupted in the second half after a Rees pass hit receiver TJ Jones and was intercepted as the Irish were in position to score. Notre Dame had five turnovers in the game, three interceptions.
TV cameras showed Kelly screaming at Jones and the coach's outrage prompted criticism across chat boards, websites and publications.
Asked about his demeanor Tuesday, Kelly first answered with a question to a reporter: "Did I hit somebody? Did I strike somebody? Is that what you're referring to? I'm asking specifically what you're referring to."
Told that there were numerous articles about his sideline outburst, Kelly acknowledged that with the cameras on him -- Notre Dame's games are televised by NBC -- he has to be more careful.
"Yeah, I think I was extremely frustrated with the game. You know, what I have to recognize is that I'm on TV all the time," he said. "You know, do a better job of understanding when that camera is on me. Seems like it's on more than I'm used to. So I'll have to do a better job of controlling my emotions."
It will now be up to Rees to lead the team against the Wolverines (1-0).
Rees, who won four games as the starter to close last season after Crist suffered his second season-ending knee injury in as many years, looked much more comfortable and got rid of the ball quicker. He completed 24 of 34 passes for 296 yards with a pair of TD passes to Michael Floyd, who caught 10 of his 12 passes Saturday from Rees.
Rees was also good last season against Tulsa after Crist got hurt. He put up big numbers in that game -- 33 of 54 for 334 yards with four TD passes -- but also threw a last-second interception in a tough loss.
Going to Michigan's massive 10,000-plus-seat stadium will be another stop at a marquee venue for Rees. The sophomore started games last season at Notre Dame Stadium, Yankee Stadium and the Los Angeles Memorial Coliseum. He also started the Sun Bowl victory over Miami.
If Rees is productive, it's his job to keep.
"Nobody wants to go in and change their quarterbacks each and every week. That's just not the way you play this game," Kelly said.
"So we don't come to this decision thinking, 'Well, he'll give us one game and then we'll go back to Dayne.' That's obviously not why we made this decision. We believe that Tommy is capable of leading this football team, just as I believed strongly that Dayne is capable."
Crist did some good things in the first half when the Irish fell behind against USF 16-0, Kelly said. A long opening drive was stymied by Jonas Gray's fumble near the goal line, and a TD run by Cierre Wood was called back by a holding penalty just before Crist threw an interception in the end zone.
But Crist didn't make his decisions quick enough Saturday and there were too many mistakes, certainly not all of his making.
"You know, it wasn't all Dayne Crist," Kelly said. "Unfortunately it falls on the quarterback as the leader to be productive. That's why we went with the decision. ... I'm not here to cover Dayne's butt, OK? That's not by job. ... The difference between being good and great sometimes is being decisive. You know, not whether you can process and understand, but decisiveness."
Rees, an early enrollee last year, hails from a football family. His dad has an extensive background in coaching and personnel in both the NFL and college ranks, and his brother was a punter and holder at UCLA.
He actually made his college debut last season against Michigan when Crist was shaken up in the first half. Rees threw two passes, one of them intercepted, and was obviously not ready for the stage at that time and was quickly yanked in favor of Nate Montana.
Now he's relaxed and able to keep cool when he's in the game or on the sideline.
"Obviously it's been a pretty up and down a couple of weeks," Rees said. "When I found out Dayne would be the guy, obviously I was disappointed, but at the same time excited for him. He deserved it. ... Now I'm getting my chance, he's been the same way to me. It's such a good relationship."
"What is this, you think you're clever? If you want to fight your way out of here, you have to do it in the Pit. Gotta give the crowd a show. Luckily there's no shortage of Pit bait around here. Now get in there and earn your freedom." ―Huki Seven-Swords[src]
The Windhelm Pit (sometimes referred to simply as The Pit) is an unused cell intended to have been placed in the city of Windhelm, and can only be accessed through the console by typing coc WindhelmPitEntrance .[1]
Contents show]
Background Edit
If arrested in the Hold of Eastmarch, one was evidently supposed to have been sent to the Pit to fight their way out of prison rather than simply waiting out their time in their jail cell.[2] Huki Seven-Swords, the jailkeeper in the Pit, informs the Dragonborn of the nature of the Pit and how one can use it to their advantage; ultimately to get out of jail:
What do I have to do?: "We don't just let people rot in cells until they've served their time. Here, you fight. If you win, you go free. If you lose, well, you'll know the freedom of Sovngarde if you're lucky."
Usage Edit
The Pit was intended to be used as a way to get out of prison in Windhelm,[2] but it was not included in the final release of the game, and thus cannot be accessed through normal means. To successfully be released from prison in Windhelm, it seems that one would have had to defeat the other Pit Fighters in a series of duels, one of which may have been a fight against Alain Dufont, depending on how far one was in the quest "Mourning Never Comes" at the time of incarceration.[2]
Interactions Edit
There is little to actually interact with, but by typing tcl in the console and going to the arena, one can see that there are cage doors where prisoners would apparently have been released from. Twelve Pit Fans stand around the arena, but they have no unique dialogue. There are doors leading out of the area, and although they can be partially opened, they cannot be stepped through as they were intended to have led to other cells.
Inhabitants Edit
Most of the fighters in the Pit have been fighting there for years, and are quite adept at the skill.[3] Those who manage the Pit are not all completely law-abiding; one of those people, Benkum, is notably corrupt, even taking bribes from fighters.[4] The following is a list of characters that can be found in the Pit:
Gallery Edit
Trivia Edit
It is apparent that the Pit was made to be a form of entertainment to the citizens of Windhelm, as numerous Pit Fans are stationed along the edge of the arena, where they would have been observing the many fights between prisoners that took place there.
The Windhelm Pit appears in the Saves section of the Menu simply as "The Pit," if one has made a save here. Additionally, most characters refer to it as "The Pit" rather than the "Windhelm Pit."
Not all traces of The Pit were removed from the final release. When confronting Wuunferth in "Blood on the Ice," the guard refers to the prison as "the bloodworks." Bloodworks is a term used in Oblivion for example to describe the area of an arena where the fighters prepare or are kept.
Appearances Edit
Gemini Legacy image of the galaxy group VV 166, obtained using the Gemini Multi-Object Spectrograph (GMOS), at the Gemini North telescope located on Mauna Kea, Hawai‘i. In this image, north is up, east left, and the field of view is 5.2 x 5.2 arcminutes. Composite color image produced by Travis Rector, University of Alaska Anchorage. Image credit: Gemini Observatory/AURA
Full Resolution JPEG
Full Resolution TIFF (29MB)
Gemini Observatory Image Release
For release at 11:00am PST on Monday, January 5, 2015
Media Contacts:
January 2, 2015
A compelling new image from Gemini Observatory peers into the heart of a group of galaxies (VV166) traveling through space together. The variety of galactic forms ranges from a perfect spiral, to featureless blobs and present, at a glance, a sampling of the diversity and evolution of galaxies.
Galaxy groups are the most evident structures in the nearby universe. They are important laboratories for studying how galaxies form and evolve beyond our own Local Group of galaxies, which includes the Milky Way and the Great Spiral in Andromeda. Exploring the nature of these extragalactic “herds” may help to unlock the secrets to the overall structure of the universe.
Herd Dynamics
Unlike animal herds, which are generally the same species traveling together, most galaxies move through space in associations comprised of myriad types, shapes, and sizes. Galaxy groups differ in their richness, size, and internal structure as well as the ages of their members. Some group galaxies are composed mainly of ancient stars, while others radiate with the power and splendor of youth.
These facts raise important questions for astronomers: Do all the galaxies in a group share a common origin? Are some just chance alignments? Or do galaxy groups pick up “strays” along the way and amalgamate them into the group?
Probing Galactic Group Interiors
The new Gemini image, of a grouping called VV 166, after its position in the catalog by B. Vorontsov-Vel'yaminov, provides clarity and definition to the group's different morphological types despite its great distance of about 300 million light-years – some 30 times farther away than the closest galaxy groups to our Local Group. One of its most fascinating features is a perfect alignment of three disparate galaxies in a precise equilateral triangle: blue-armed spiral NGC 70 at top, elliptical galaxy NGC 68 to its lower right, and lenticular galaxy NGC 71 to its lower left.
The blue spiral (NGC 70) looks like an elephant among lions. This massive galaxy is impressive as it spans 180,000 light-years or nearly twice the extent of the Milky Way's reach. Its spiral arms appear blue because they are dominated by active regions of star formation. Here, young hot stars burn with an intense blue light that overpowers that from any older red and yellow stars that might populate the galaxy.
The opposite is true in the galaxy's central bulge, where the extinction of star formation has left it to glow with the warm light of ancient red giant and supergiant suns. The galaxy's sharp star-like core is a telltale sign of an active galactic nucleus powered by a centrally located supermassive black hole feasting on a disk of interstellar gas only a few light-days across.
In contrast, NGC 68 (lower right) is a much older system known as an elliptical galaxy. NGC 68 is about half the size of the blue spiral and hosts little dust and gas, so star formation is all but absent, as is any spiral structure; the galaxy's overall yellowish hue reveals that most of its stars are old and red. If there's an outlier in the image, it might be NGC 68, given that it is about 20 million light-years closer to us than NGC 70. In fact, some researchers have argued that NGC 68 is nothing but a chance alignment. Indeed, while small galaxy groups prevail in the nearby universe, many may not be real gravitationally bound systems at all. But this does not appear to be the case with VV 166, for most of these galaxies are indeed bound as a group.
Although NGC 71 looks much like NGC 68 (a smooth featureless glow, below and to the left of NGC 68) it is actually a lens-shaped galaxy seen face on, so it appears more like a sphere. Lenticular galaxies are mysterious creatures, as they appear to be trapped between classifications: like a spiral galaxy it has a bulge and a disk but no spiral arms; but, like an elliptical galaxy, it is largely devoid of dust and gas. Possibly galaxies like NGC 71 were originally spiral systems and have either consumed, or somehow lost their interstellar material through other galactic interactions.
The image also shows possible evidence for such a dynamic interaction. Careful inspection reveals that blue spiral's arms appear distorted between NGC 68 and NGC 71, indicating a possible tidal interaction with one or more of the galaxies. These graceful interactions are choreographed as the group whizzes collectively through space at about 6,500 kilometers per second. The image also sharply resolves a flurry of starlight around the elliptical and lenticular systems. Often the brightest cluster galaxy has an extraordinarily diffuse and extended outer halo.
Just beyond the triangle to the lower left is the Group's fourth brightest member, a barred spiral galaxy known as NGC 72. Its prominent bar slices across its nucleus. Dusty arms wind out from either end of the bar and form a distinct nuclear ring – the result of recent star formation. Our own Milky Way Galaxy has a similar bar component spanning nearly 30,000 light-years from end to end, as well as a circumnuclear ring. But we have evidence that our Milky Way is a “Grand-design” spiral with more splendid and numerous arms.
Despite the apparent diversity of galaxy types in VV 166, the relative proportions of morphologies that we see here may provide a representative sample of galactic types found throughout the universe. It's possible that some members of VV166 may have grown by drawing in smaller galaxies from the local environment and consuming them. Or, perhaps, like some herds of animals, galaxy groups may be joined by other “species” – sometimes passively, sometimes violently; this would help to explain the observed mix of morphological types in these groups.
On the larger cosmological scale, galaxy groups are like beads in the long filamentary structures that make up the skeleton of our universe. These filaments are made up of isolated galaxies, groups, clusters, and superclusters. In time, the isolated galaxies may merge with the groups, which will themselves merge with other groups to form larger clusters of galaxies. As with the animal kingdom, the universe has its hierarchy and includes all things great, and even greater.
VV 166 Through the Telescope RA: 00h 18.37m
DEC: +30˚ 04.0' Galaxy group VV 166 is located in the direction of the constellation Andromeda. It is a dim but worthwhile object to seek out with amateur-sized telescopes. The great German-born English observer William Herschel discovered the brightest members – NGC 68, 70, 71, and 72 – in 1784, calling them three to four stars involved in nebulosity. He was, in fact, seeing them collectively as a single entity. The four brightest members shine between 12th and 13th magnitude, making them a decent challenge for telescopes even as small as 6-inches. All appear much the same: each as a small and dim diffuse glow with a star-like core. Observers with telescopes in the 20-inch range, using magnifications up to 400x, have commented on the group's similarities to the compact galaxy group Stephan's Quintet in neighboring Pegasus, see Gemini Legacy Image: http://www.gemini.edu/index.php/node/68
This morning at 8:15am some man with a cool life navigated to my YouTube page, found a five-year-old video in which I taste-test an unpleasant seasonal cookie, and typed the comment: “It's like watching a reallllllly slow suicide.” Men have been leaving similar comments on this video obsessively for the past five years: “You fucking disgusting pig. KILL YOURSELF.” “You actually posted a video of the time when your fat ass got really super excited about eating seasonal, promotional candy.” “Fugly dumpling stuffs her gullet on youtube. Disgusting.” The video is monetised; my husband asked me today whether I've made any money off of it. I told him I think YouTube sent me a check for $100 (£80) once. That's it.
“Huh,” he said. “Is $100 worth five years of psychological torture?”
“I don't know, man,” I said. “I was just trying to make some jokes about some cookies.”
I do not think the men who come to the page ever actually watch the video, which is silly and benign. The joke is that the cookies are gross. Nevertheless, they persist. I am fascinated by their persistence. Somehow, my little cookie video has become a vessel into which a certain contingent of angry, lonely men can pour all of their fury at women who fail or refuse to please them sexually. It doesn't matter that the content of the video is fundamentally at odds with whatever they are ostensibly ranting about – usually the hypocrisy of fat people demanding that the public respect our lives while extravagantly eating ourselves to death. They are not embarrassed to have left a flagrantly irrelevant comment the way you or I would be if we, say, threw a public fit over an Onion headline.
It doesn't matter because their “arguments” aren't the point. The abuse is the point. The abuse is always the point.
I have now been writing about fatness for six years. I wrote a book about it, called Shrill. For the past year, I've been travelling around the world, on tour with my book, talking to people about fatness. That's not the only thing in the book, but it's the thing people always bring up. And they always ask me the same questions, over and over, as though I have never addressed them before, as though they aren't addressed in the book, as though previous generations of fat activists did not address them literally before I was born. They ask anyway, even if they have already heard the answers, because the answers are not the point. Making me defend my humanity is the point. Making me dance for them is the point. The abuse is the point.
Everything else is a screen.
A few weeks ago, on the Australian night-time panel show Q&A, a woman addressed this question to me: “As a person who has hated their body, and fought against their body for most of their adolescent life, I commend you for promoting acceptance of your body and the fact that we do not fit into one mould as women. However, given the global obesity epidemic, is it ignorant to assume that overweight is not linked with poor health outcomes? By promoting fat acceptance, is there a risk that you are also promoting obesity and all its risks?”
Last Friday, on a Dallas public radio show, a man called in to ask: “In your opinion, at what point does this body-positivity movement kind of veer into the territory of maybe what some would call making excuses for not making tough lifestyle choices that would lead to an objectively healthier BMI?”
This question has always been a trap, a late-night YouTube comment disguised as care, a holding pattern to stymie progress. The question itself is an assault: it validates the idea that fat people's humanity is one side of a debate, that our bodies are public property.
And my answer is the same now as it was in the first post I ever wrote about being fat, on February 11, 2011, and in every article since then, and in the 50 other interviews I've done over the past year. You can go look them all up if you really need my opinion on whether or not people who don't meet your arbitrary, personal aesthetic standards somehow forfeit our right to dignity, medical privacy, and bodily autonomy. I bet you could even guess!
Or you could pour that seemingly boundless time and energy into battles that actually do affect people's bodies: you could fight for better healthcare and mental healthcare, the overhaul of our food production and distribution systems, a higher minimum wage and functional social safety net, and the dismantling of fat stigma so that fat people can feel comfortable leaving their homes and moving their bodies and leading full, vibrant public lives. If you claim to care about fat people's health but do nothing to fight fat stigma, you are a liar.
The most salient thing I have learned over my past six years as a public fat woman — and the intensity of the last 11 months in particular — is that everybody is in pain. We all suffer from this hierarchy of bodies. The people lashing out and the people pleading for help exist on the same spectrum. So when fat activists fight to destroy that hierarchy, we are fighting for you, even if you hate us.
I am so sorry that it is so hard to have a body — that even if your body is “good” you need to chase that little thrill of superiority to feel safe. But fat people do not exist as leverage for thin people's self-esteem. We simply exist, same as anyone.
I am not answering this one any more. Ask me something else.
The once-and-again Miami Heat "maintenance program" is back.
The first definitive decision won't have to be made until Nov. 5-6, when the Heat play their first back-to-back set of the season. But caution already has entered the equation when it comes to forward Amar'e Stoudemire and Josh McRoberts and their surgical knees.
"Call it, term it however you want. Everybody's doing it right now," coach Erik Spoelstra said. "The idea is to get your players out on the court as much as possible."
That had Spoelstra talking in advance of Wednesday's exhibition against the Washington Wizards about prudence with Stoudemire and McRoberts.
Asked about possibly holding out one or both of his veteran power forwards from back-to-back games, Spoelstra said it is among his considerations.
"We'll see," he said. "All of that with all of our players, we have to get there and gauge a lot of different things. I think it's too early to say. But we've also proven as an organization that we're open-minded to that."
The term "maintenance program" was a Heat fixture during the final season of the Big Three collaboration with Dwyane Wade, LeBron James and Chris Bosh in 2013-14, with Wade given a steady diet of nights off throughout that season, particularly in back-to-back situations.
Now it's become part of the players' vernacular, as well.
"That's a part of the plan, whenever we have a strenuous schedule, they want you take precautionary measures," Stoudemire said. "That goes not only for myself, but for other guys, as well, that are trying to stay healthy.
"There are some weeks where we have four games in one week or there's a stretch of back-to-backs. So we just go through the schedule and figure out a nice plan they will prolong our health for the guys."
Spoelstra said the goal is to know when his players will be available by creating a program that has them available when needed.
"I'm very encouraged by how much workload Amar'e has been able to bring to training camp and also Josh," he said. "So they're able to get their reps, they're able to stay sharp, they're able to learn what we do. And the idea is to get them on the floor as consistently as possible."
Wednesday that meant the entire roster being available for the Heat's final exhibition at AmericanAirlines Arena.
"I'm very encouraged by the progress both of 'em have made," Spoelstra said of Stoudemire and McRoberts. "They were able to go through the first 10 days every single day, which was more than what we planned for going into camp. And so now we just want to progress them at a healthy rate when they can participate in practices, maybe not full practices and gauge it every week."
Spoelstra said a learning curve remains part of the process.
"Can they do more? And then can they play in the games? Can they play more minutes in the games?" he said of the unknowns that remain. "But there's been progress."
winderman@tribpub.com. Follow him at twitter.com/iraheatbeat or facebook.com/ira.winderman
The International Olympic Committee (IOC) Friday quietly launched an overhauled process that will be leveraged to elect a host city for the 2026 Olympic and Paralympic Winter Games.
The process, to begin immediately, will be followed in two parts starting with a Dialogue Stage where an “Interested City” can explore a possible bid, engage with the IOC and benefit from advice and expertise in order to fully understand the opportunities and challenges that exist. The IOC will also offer strategies that will help reduce the estimated costs of hosting the Games.
Following the initial one-year stage, the IOC Executive Board on the advice of an IOC Working Group will recommend cities that will be “invited” to the final stage of the process – and a decision will be ratified by the membership at the IOC Session in October 2018.
That will lead to a Candidature Stage where vetted cities will prepare detailed plans, share presentations and attend the final host city election at an IOC Session to be held in Milan in September 2019.
Cities in the Candidature Phase will deliver bid books, including detailed plans and guarantees, to the IOC by January 11, 2019 leading up to Evaluation Commission site visits in March or April.
Candidates will deliver a technical briefing to IOC Members and Winter Sports Federations in Lausanne in July 2019 before the final election in Milan.
The new process reduces the number of meetings and presentations that require bid city attendance, instead using video conferencing in some cases, and reduces the number of delegates permitted at meetings where the bids are invited. These measures are designed to help reduce the costs of bidding.
The deadline to enter the process is March 31, 2018. The lead time has been reduced to 18-months, down from the typical two-year application-to-election duration.
Documents released Friday also reveal that the IOC financial contribution to the host city to help prepare for the Games is estimated at (USD) $925 million.
National Olympic Committees (NOC) were sent letters outlining the new rules and inviting cities across the globe to participate in the process. Four potential bids have already been recognized as “interested” and had delegates accredited to attend the IOC session in Lima earlier this month.
Sion in Switzerland has NOC approval but requires Federal backing in October in order to its bid move forward, as well as a general referendum win late next year. Innsbruck in Austria will also need to pass a referendum on October 15 in order to join the race. Calgary in Canada needs approval from its City Council after municipal elections are held October 16. Stockholm still needs to gain approval from various government entities, then win a referendum, if it hopes to pass to the candidature phase.
Cities that have previously expressed interest in bidding are 2022 runner-up Almaty in Kazakhstan, 1972 Winter Games host city Sapporo in Japan and Ezurum in Turkey. Milan's Mayor teased delegates at the Lima Session that his city was exploring a bid for 2022 and the United States Olympic Committee (USOC) will consider a possible American bid in October now that Los Angeles has been awarded the 2028 Summer Games.
The overhauled process is in response to recent public push-back over hosting the Games due to the costs and risks, and the perceived corruption within the IOC. Four European cities out of six candidates dropped out of the 2022 Winter Games race and three-of-five cities took early exits out of the 2024 Summer Games bid.
With no certain candidates in the 2026 race thus far, the IOC must be proactive like never before and sell the values of hosting the Games to potential candidates, and not the other way around.
“Presenting a candidature for the Olympic Games is not tendering for a franchise and there is certainly no one-size-fits-all solution,” IOC President Thomas Bach said in his letter to the NOC's.
“The candidature process is about making proposals and offering solutions that will deliver excellent Games without compromising the field of play for the athletes whilst also meeting the needs of the city and region to ensure the Games will leave a positive, long-term, sustainable legacy.
“There must be greater emphasis on the use of existing, temporary and demountable venues where no long-term legacy need exists or can be justified.
“We have just witnessed the historic election of two great cities, Paris and Los Angeles, as hosts of the Games of the XXXIII and XXXIV Olympiad. They were the first to fully benefit from Olympic Agenda 2020 and both cities fully embraced the reforms.
“This can be seen in the record number of existing and temporary facilities that are planned to be used and is something we have not seen in this dimension in the history of the Olympic Games. Such proposals are leading to significant cost reductions in the organisation of the Olympic Games.”
Syngenta, target of an unwanted $45 billion takeover approach by Monsanto, said its US suitor has failed to convince it of the merits of a merger and is just repeating the “same indequate price” with the same flawed view of the execution risks.
The only change in Monsanto's proposal since the first offer tabled on April 18 is a “wholly inadequate” break fee of $2 billion, the Basel, Switzerland-based maker of agrochemicals and seeds said in a release.
Frustration is creeping into Syngenta's demeanor, faced with the detrimental effect on business a prolonged pursuit may have and amid widespread expectations among investors of a higher offer.
Chief executive officer Mike Mack has trodden a careful path since the initial approach, acknowledging the need to do proper due diligence on Monsanto's plan to create an agricultural-products powerhouse, while emphasizing the prospects the company has on its own.
“It's not the end of the takeover saga,” said Markus Mayer, an analyst at Baader Bank, who has a “buy” rating on Syngenta.
“The second offer was not a big change - just a breakup fee. It shows that Monsanto is still interested.”
Monsanto is looking to jumpstart talks on combining its leading franchise for genetically modified seeds with the world's largest maker of agricultural chemicals.
The break-up fee would be payable if Monsanto is unable to obtain global regulatory approvals by selling all overlapping businesses. Fruitless Meetings Syngenta rejected the 449 francs-a-share bid, with 45 per cent in cash, saying it undervalued the company and doesn't sufficiently compensate for antitrust risks.
Syngenta would consider entering talks if Monsanto raises its offer and adds a multibillion-dollar termination fee in the ballpark of 10 per cent of the purchase price, people with knowledge of the situation said last week.
“The respective outside counsel of Syngenta and Monsanto met on three separate occasions, subsequent to our rejection letter, to discuss in good faith the regulatory challenges,” Syngenta said Monday.
“These meetings have reinforced Syngenta's assessment of the regulatory risks and Monsanto has made no attempt to seriously address these concerns. Monsanto continues to gloss over these fundamental transaction risks.”
Baader's Mayer said Monsanto will have to sweeten its bid to at least the 500-franc mark - the analyst's target price - or change the equity or cash components of the deal. Monsanto, based in St. Louis, has pledged to sell Syngenta's seed and genetically engineered traits as well as any overlapping crop chemicals to win regulatory approval.
Chemicals that would be sold include Syngenta's glyphosate and acetochlor herbicides, a person with knowledge of the matter said last week.
Bloomberg
Casio has signed a patent-licensing deal with Microsoft that will allow the company to continue to sell devices running Linux.
Although the financial terms of the deal were not disclosed, Casio has agreed to pay Microsoft licensing fees for certain patents related to the use of Linux in its products. The products included in the deal were not disclosed.
Microsoft and Casio have had a business relationship for quite some time. According to Microsoft, Casio currently uses Microsoft software in its industrial handheld terminals and business information systems.
Since 2003, Microsoft has inked deals with a host of companies through its IP licensing program. According to the software giant, it currently has more than 700 licensing agreements in place. Many of those agreements have been signed with the Linux community. Over the years, Microsoft has argued that the use of Linux in devices is a violation of its patents, and thus, companies offering those devices have been forced to sign deals with the company, rather than face litigation.
Those licensing agreements have even spilled over into the mobile business. Earlier this month, Microsoft announced that it had signed a licensing deal with Acer. That deal will see Microsoft receive licensing fees from Acer, so that company can sell tablets and smartphones running Android. Neither company disclosed the terms of the deal.
But Microsoft hasn't only targeted Acer in its bid to receive licensing fees from Android vendors. ViewSonic and HTC, among others, have also cut deals with Microsoft over Android. What's more, Microsoft General Counsel Brad Smith said on Twitter that he expected more agreements with vendors to be announced soon.
"Today's 2 agreements make for 6 Microsoft patent deals in the last 75 days," Smith wrote on Twitter earlier this month. "It's safe to predict more will follow this fall."
However, not all companies have been so quick to pay up. Microsoft is currently embroiled in separate legal disputes against Barnes & Noble and Motorola Mobility over their use of Android. Those companies argue that they shouldn't be forced to pay licensing fees to Microsoft for their use of Android.
Of course, Microsoft disagrees, saying that Android is infringing many of its patents.
"The Android platform infringes a number of Microsoft's patents, and companies manufacturing and shipping Android devices must respect our intellectual property rights," Horacio Gutierrez, Microsoft's corporate VP and deputy general counsel for intellectual property and licensing, said in a statement in March.
Microsoft isn't alone in taking aim at Android. Oracle has targeted Google for allegedly violating Java-related patents in Android.
Myth that native forests "regenerate" after clearfell logging. The concept that forests 'regenerate' after logging, is widely used by spokes people for the native forest logging industry. The use of the word 'regenerate', implies a forest will eventually return to its original state after logging has finished. This has the effect of deceiving the public into believing nothing is being lost. A eucalypt forest can have a life cycle of between 250 and 400 years depending on the species and fire frequency Link. Research shows the average fire frequency in wet forests before European settlement was once every 300 years or greater. See ref 4. Government practice is to clearfell log in 60 to 80-year cycles. The claim that government bureaucrats can 'regenerate' a 300 + year biodiverse native forest in just 60-80 years is stuff of magicians! Additionally, what regrows on a site after a forest is clearfell logged is not the same mix of trees that were growing before clearfell logging. Often a crop of wattle trees regrows in areas that were clearfell logged. This virtual monoculture is something even the logging industry does not want. It certainly isn't a regenerated forest, and is unlikely to be. Photo to the right shows wattle trees that have re-grown on a site that was biodiverse native forest before it was clearfell logged. Myth that clearfell logging mimics natural wildfire regeneration The concept that 'burning an area of forest after clearfell logged mimics nature' is widely used by spokes people for the native forest logging industry. This statement ignores: the damage done by bulldozers on understorey species;
the impact of total tree removal on ecology ie the loss of hollow bearing trees;
the impact of road construction, snig tracks and log landings on the natural landscape; Burning areas after they have been clearfell logged results in even aged stands of trees that will be never allowed to mature into old growth forest with hollow bearing trees for wildlife to live in. Research in wet forests of the Central High lands demonstrates that there is a severe decline in the survival rate of tree ferns after clearfell logging. See Ref 5. Extensive Scientific Research has consistently shown that clearfell logging does not mimic the natural effect of wild fire. The native forest logging industry never cites any scientific papers to back up their claim. However many research papers demonstrate clearfell logging does not mimic natural fire processes. Ash Forest and Fire Forestry officers apply a generic model of fire regeneration for all types of forest based on ash species response to an intense fire event. It has been observed that in some instances, an intense hot bushfire in ash forest can completely kill off all trees and result in an even age regrowth forest. However such a scenario ignores low intensity fires which result in mixed aged ash forests, with only some ash trees dying. Link Extract Mountain Mixed Species and Fire Forest types such as mountain mixed species eucalypt forest types can survive both high and low intensity fires. After fire, trees coppice and quickly grow new foliage. The new foliage provides shade and protection for understorey species such as tree ferns(which can survive fire) in a relatively short time(few years). See Impacts of intensive timber harvesting on the forests of East Gippsland, Victoria. Ref 1 Extract Floristics, Fire and Clearfelling in Wet Forests of the Central Highlands, Victoria
VSP Technical Report No. 11 Discussion Even-aged regeneration resulting from wildfire which kills all parent trees formerly considered to be characteristic of tall eucalypt forests. Most authors considered Eucalyptus regnans (Mountain Ash) and Eucalyptus delegatensis to be so fire sensitive that wild fire resulted in regeneration predominantly as even-aged stands. (e.g. Cunningham 1960, Ashton 1976, Luke & Macarthur 1978). However, this study supports more recent evidence (e.g. Ashton 1981, Chesterfield 1983, Bowman & Kirkpatrick 1986, Lindenmayer 1990) that low intensity fires have resulted in extensive ares of mixed aged regnans forest. At least 38% of the wet sclerophyll forest sites sampled in this study (excluding clearfell sites) are mixed aged forests that appear to have developed this way. Current clearfelling methods produce even-aged overstoreys. The prevalence of this natural heterogeneity needs to be considered when planning new silvicultural systems and forest management. The myth woodchips are produced from waste wood.
Over 80% of all trees that are cut down in the Otways are classed as "waste wood" by Forestry Victoria. Spokespeople for the native forest logging industry argue that if this wood is not utilised for woodchip then it will be left to rot or be burnt on the forest floor. They argue that letting dead trees rot is a waste. There is no such thing as waste in the ecology of the forest. Over millions of years of evolution, thousands of species of fungi have evolved in the Otway forests to break down wood and recycle nutrients back into the ecosystem. It can take fungi a human lifetime to decay a huge mountain ash tree after it naturally falls over. Nothing in the forest is wasted, all the wood is returned back to soil by fungi for the next generate of plants to use. (For more information see The Private Life of Plants. David Attenborough, TV Documentary) The very concept of using the word 'waste' or 'residual' reduces the debate to a singular human economic perspective. Removing wood for woodchips removes valuable nutrients and over time this will decrease the fertility of the soil.
Funghi break downfallen trees and branches, making the nutrients available to growing plants. Additionally trees left standing are not 'wasted' on birds and animals that depend on them for survival. Put another way, the general public doesn't view a National Park or forest reserve as a waste because it is not being utilised for woodchips. References 1. Impacts of intensive timber harvesting on the forests of East Gippsland, Victoria. Conservation & Natural Resources, VSP Technical Report No. 15. S.G. Mueck & R.J. Peacock 2. Differences between wildfire and clearfelling on the structure of montane ash forest of Victoria and their implications for fauna dependent on tree hollows. (D.B. Lindenmayer, TW Norton, Aust For. 1990, 53 (2) 61-68 3. Floristics, Fire and Clearfell in Wet Forests of the Central Highlands, Victoria. Dept. Conservation and Environment July 1992, Flora and Fauna Dept, VSP Technical Report No. 11 4. The response of vegetation to changing fire regimes and human activity in East Gippsland, Victoria, Australia. Department of Geography and Environmental Science, Monash University. Peter A. Gell, Ian-Malcolm Stuart and J. David Smith 5. The effects of clearfell logging on tree ferns in Victoria Wet Forest. DNRE Flora and Fauna branch. Nov 1996
It is no measure of health to be well adjusted to a profoundly sick society. — Jiddu Krishnamurti func·tion ˈfəNG(k)SH(ə)n/: verb 1. work or operate in a proper or particular way.
As I have various discussions about mental health and disability on the internet, I am disturbed at how many people continue to use the terms “high functioning” and “low functioning” when referring to people with psychiatric or other disabilities. I have heard people refer to their family members as “low functioning.” I have seen these terms used by advocates to bully and discredit other advocates who critique calls for increased levels of involuntary treatment as “high functioning” individuals who don't know what they're talking about.
I've also heard about the term “high functioning” used by service providers to deny treatment to people who want it because they aren't “sick” enough. The term “low functioning” is used to deny people voice and choice over their health care decisions. And what's worse is that many people with disabilities have internalized the oppression and describe themselves in this way.
Language matters. What we think and say ultimately shapes behavior, contributing to discrimination and poor treatment of people with disabilities and mental distress. The increased Congressional focus on the ways in which our country has failed the “seriously mentally ill” similarly divides Americans into binary categories – with the “high functioning” counterpart being the “worried well,” who presumably don't deserve our attention or help.
In truth, the very nature of our individualistic, perfection and performance-oriented society, and the current abysmal “service” paradigm it has produced, fails us all.
I have been so upset by these terms that I started a Facebook thread about it. The hundreds of likes and comments that I got let me know that the terms struck a deep chord with others as well. Said one commenter:
“Functioning is so much a matter of definition, and I feel that the definition is used as the basis for invalidating the experiences of those who are defined as high functioning, and denying that they require any supports or that their experiences have any value. There is a policy of referring to those defined as low functioning as the ‘truly mentally ill.' It is a divide and conquer policy…”
Arbitrary categories of “high” and “low” functioning assume that these are fixed and immutable states of being. People may look at me today and assume that I am among the “high functioning” ones. I have a job, I own a home, I am a parent, I pay taxes, and “contribute to society” like a good little citizen. No one would know by looking at me today that twenty years ago, I was not functioning by the above definitions. I saw personal messages from God in billboard signs and in advertisements on the side of buses, and was convinced that at the appointed hour my “sacred role” as “savior of humanity” would be revealed to the world. Sometimes I was in such distress that I was literally unable to communicate with the outside world. I couldn't go to school, or work, or do any of the things that society expects us to do in order to be considered “high functioning.” And I tried to kill myself several times, which would have ceased all functioning.
What helped me to move “up the scale” of “functioning” was finding true acceptance for who I am, having voice and choice over my treatment decisions, meeting people who celebrated my strengths, and gaining access to supports and accommodations that enabled me to achieve my dreams and goals for my life.
Another commenter concurred with my experience, noting:
“'Functionality' isn't a fixed given. What you observe, behavior-wise, is just one piece of information about one given person during one moment of their lives. I was labeled as ‘low-functional' during a hospital stay. No s–t, I was in the hospital. I was ‘high-functional' when I was well dressed, articulate, with a full-time job — no surprise there, again. Confirmation bias, much? I bet the folks in the hospital would not have expected me to ‘switch' functionality levels.”
This comment reflects another fundamental underlying assumption that “functioning” has to do with our expected role as producers and consumers in a neoliberal capitalist economy. Those who neither produce nor consume are considered to be “low functioning.” As one commenter noted, these terms are a
“Remnant of the industrial age, where people are understood as machines now on schedules by time increments…we've lost parts of humanity that have nothing to do with having products, producing products or being products.”
Another commenter concurred:
“To reduce humans to beings that “function” at different levels is to measure us as parts in a (society as) machine. ‘He contributes poorly to the economic machine' and ‘she contributes well to the economic machine:' this is the perspective of a society that is profoundly sick!”
Thoughtful providers are not always in favor of these terms and lament that they must be used for Medicaid or other insurance billing. Said one of the commenters: “As a professional, I detest labels of any kind. Conditions and situations are always changing. It's a shame that we must list a [diagnosis] for insurance purposes.”
Another commenter pointed to the unfortunate necessity of using these kinds of labels and terms to gain acceptance and legitimacy in academia:
“It is a deeply ingrained way of conceptualizing ‘gradients of suffering and ability,' though it is hurtful. I have been shifting my vocabulary slowly and trying to be more mindful. It is hard, too, to be in the psychology world and not use common descriptors, especially if you are only a student. If you are an established PhD, there is more freedom there.”
A much more useful conceptual framework for understanding human difference can be found in the neurodiversity movement. According to Wikipedia:
This movement frames autism, bipolar disorder and other neurotypes as a natural human variation rather than a pathology or disorder, and its advocates reject the idea that neurological differences need to be (or can be) cured, as they believe them to be authentic forms of human diversity, self-expression, and being.
Neurodiversity advocates promote support systems (such as inclusion-focused services, accommodations, communication and assistive technologies, occupational training, and independent living support) that allow those who are neurologically diverse to live their lives as they are, rather than being coerced or forced to adopt uncritically accepted ideas of normalcy, or to conform to a clinical ideal.
One commenter expressed this eloquently:
“I've found it helpful to embrace the concept of ‘neurodiversity' in all people — that each will bloom in their own perfect ecological niche. We should stop insisting on people conforming to fictions of ‘statistical norms.' Instead we should support people in developing their strengths that will help them to bloom and grow in their niche. We are all connected in the web of life…we all serve specific roles that enrich all life. So a neurodiverse world needs all perspectives, even unusual ones. People with diagnoses are the orchids and hummingbirds of the mental world, rare and precious living jewels.”
The social model of disability also offers us a far more constructive way of looking at “functionality.” According to its Wikipedia entry:
The social model of disability is a reaction to the dominant medical model of disability which in itself is a functional analysis of the body as machine to be fixed in order to conform with normative values. The social model of disability identifies systemic barriers, negative attitudes and exclusion by society (purposely or inadvertently) that mean society is the main contributory factor in disabling people. While physical, sensory, intellectual, or psychological variations may cause individual functional limitation or impairments, these do not have to lead to disability unless society fails to take account of and include people regardless of their individual differences.
The social model of disability lays the responsibility on society to address the varied barriers to “functionality” that so many people undoubtedly face.
My denunciation of these terms does not in any way deny that people suffer, sometimes in unimaginable ways, nor do I seek to romanticize or “normalize” human suffering. But can or should we truly compare “gradients of suffering” in an unjust world? Imagine what our society would look like if we truly honored human diversity rather than classify people into binary categories of “high” and “low” functioning?
Imagine what would happen if we began to have some respect for the varied ways that people do their best to adapt and function, sometimes with amazing creativity, in a deeply dysfunctional world? I would like to see us cease to blame or shame individuals for their level of functioning in society, and instead work to create a more equitable and just world that meets our basic human needs and human rights.
In the 1980s, there was an attempt by Claus, the new owner of St. Bernardus, to extend the license once more, but the Trappists across Belgium were establishing an exclusive club, the International Trappist Association. That club would put in motion an ambitious building and engineering project to build a brewery inside Westvleteren Abbey.
“Guy Claus and his family, the previous owners of St. Bernardus, knew they were going to lose the Trappist name, so they stopped investing in the brewery,” Passarella says. “It was run down. The brewery was put up for sale, but nobody wanted it. The specialty beer market in Belgium was changing because of large brewing companies. It was a real crisis.”
The brewery continued brewing its beers under the new name—St. Bernardus—after the license ended in 1992, but it wasn't going well. “The beer was good,” Passarella says. “But nobody in the whole of Belgium knew about the St. Bernardus brand. Everybody knew Sint Sixtus and Trappist Westvleteren and that the monks had started brewing for themselves again. What would be the point of having St. Bernardus around?”
When the editors of the New England Journal of Medicine warned in January that some scientists thought that sharing data would lead to “research parasites” — a subspecies of researchers who gained unearned glory off the backs of their hard-working colleagues — they earned heaps of scorn from the scientific community.
Critics blasted Dan Longo and Jeffrey Drazen, deputy editor and editor-in-chief, respectively, as petty and shortsighted, more concerned with personal gain than the expansion of knowledge. As one reader responded: “When data can be withheld, researchers can have their cake, by hoarding their data, and eat it, too, by claiming public credit.”
The esteemed journal is at it again, however. A new editorial, from a group of more than 280 researchers in more than 30 countries, argued that science is moving too hastily in the direction of open data, a headlong and thoughtless dash that, they predict portentously, will retard progress and jeopardize human health.
advertisement
The essay takes aim at a recent proposal by the International Committee of Medical Journal Editors (ICMJE, of which Drazen is a member) to require that data from any randomized controlled trial — the gold standard of clinical studies — be made fully available within six months of publication.
The new editorial said that proposal, in short, stinks: Although researchers who conduct trials would still get initial credit or their work, they might lose the chance to publish secondary papers and other analyses that they — and not others — deserve.
“A key motivation for investigators to conduct RCTs is the ability to publish not only the primary trial report, but also major secondary articles based on the trial data,” the researchers wrote. “The original investigators almost always intend to undertake additional analyses of the data and explore new hypotheses. … Once the investigators who have conducted the trial no longer have exclusive access to the data, they will effectively be competing with people who have not contributed to the substantial efforts and often years of work required to conduct the trial.”
And they warn of large risks and trivial rewards from mandatory sharing. “The current ICMJE proposal therefore risks reducing the incentive for coinvestigators and site investigators to participate in trials. A reduction in the number of investigators willing to recruit patients into a trial or supervise its conduct in a country will compromise the likelihood of successful completion of large trials that address important questions.”
In other words: Data sharing will cripple scientific progress and harm patients. Full stop.
Implicit in this bleak outlook is a rather stunning arrogance. Are we really supposed to believe that only the researchers who generate data are competent to analyze them? That claim becomes harder to swallow when one considers the poor track record of so many studies. Scientists should want scrutiny.
And while the opportunity cost argument is easier to accept, it's a straw man hung on a specious scaffold. Of course sharing data will carry costs and divert resources from “the actual conduct of trials.” But again, is that necessarily a bad thing? Not when the state of clinical trials is so shaky to begin with — and so many remain unpublished anyway because they don't have sexy results. Maybe fewer but more rigorous trials are exactly what the doctor ordered.
The consortium's solution is to mandate a sharing-free period of two years from initial publication of the data, with up to three more years of exclusivity depending on how long it took to conduct the trial. What's more, they call for end users to bear at least part of the cost of the sharing — which has a bit of a “We're going to build a wall, and we're going to make them pay for it” flavor.
The tone of the essay — which is thrown into relief by accompanying essays by Senator Elizabeth Warren (D-Mass.) and two data sharing proponents — resembles a Cato Institute plea for small government. And in fact, two of the coauthors of the editorial, P.J. Devereaux and Salim Yusuf, of McMaster University in Hamilton, Ontario, have played this song before. The pair were among the coauthors of a 2013 commentary in the NEJM which called for tearing down “unnecessary obstacles” to randomized clinical trials.
Among these perceived barriers: a lengthy and expensive approval process for studies; a “one-size-fits-all” approach for trials of low- and high-risk interventions; and overly burdensome guidelines for the safety and rights of trial volunteers. “Unless radical improvements are made to the regulatory environment,” they wrote, “the potential of clinical trials to assess the safety and efficacy of new and existing treatments, and, thereby, to produce substantial improvements in health care will not be fulfilled.”
Here's a thought: Putting a hold on data is an unnecessary obstacle, too. Apparently, however, for the authors of the new editorial, obstacles that maximize value for the people who got somewhere first — even by relying on study volunteers — are just fine.
And ultimately, those are the people that trials are meant to help.
“Some scientists seem to believe that as the people with a god-like ability to save lives — like mine — they are the focus of the whole enterprise,” said patient activist Dave deBronkart, who blogs as “e-Patient Dave.” deBronkart credits his survival of a bout of metastatic kidney cancer to being able to get into a trial of an experimental therapy. “And I profoundly disagree. I think that attitude, while it's understandable from our shared past, is moribund.”
We're all for fairness in science, but this new proposal is only concerned with fairness for one group: researchers. What's missing is the second, and, arguably, most important group: the public, including the people who've taken part in trials. They deserve a system in which the fruits of studies come as quickly as possible.
Eidur Gudjohnsen will offer a different dimension to Stoke City © Getty Images Enlarge
Stoke City beat the deadline to seals a loan move for Eidur Gudjohnsen and have also signed Marc Wilson and Jermaine Pennant.
The Icelandic star arrived in the Potteries on Tuesday to discuss terms and common ground was found before the window came down at 6pm.
Monaco gave the green light to the move earlier in the day and the player will now spend the rest of the season at the Britannia.
The former Chelsea man will be joined at the club by Wilson who has sealed his move from Portsmouth and Pennant.
The deals for Gudjohnsen and Wilson were widely expected, but the move for Pennant came as something of a surprise and he will spend the next six months on loan from Real Zaragoza.
© ESPN Sports Media Ltd.
Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window)
Click to print (Opens in new window)
Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window)
Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window)
Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window)
Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window)
Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window)
Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window)
Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window)
TED and Reddit are teaming up to give you the opportunity to ask creativity expert Sir Ken Robinson absolutely anything! Sir Ken, whose 2006 talk on rethinking education remains one of the most-watched in the TEDTalks series, has agreed to answer the TED and Reddit communities' questions on any topic. If you have a burning question you'd like Sir Ken to answer, please follow these steps:
1. Join Reddit (click “register” at top right)
2. Post your question in Reddit's comments
3. Take a moment to upvote the questions you like most
Sir Ken will answer the 10 most-upvoted comments as of Monday, August 10th, 7pm Eastern time. We'll post his responses here on the TED Blog the following day!
Watch Sir Ken's TEDTalk here:
About Sir Ken Robinson
Sir Ken is a creativity expert. He challenges the way we're educating our children, and champions a radical rethinking of our school systems to better cultivate creativity and acknowledge multiple types of intelligence. His latest book, The Element, looks at how we find our creative passion.
About TED and Reddit
TED and Reddit's relationship started not long after TEDTalks began appearing on Reddit's front page. TED is currently a featured channel on the newly-launched RedditTV. And this joint “Ask Anything” feature is only the first of many!
More: See what happened when TED asked Gever Tulley, Philip Zimbardo and Seth Godin absolutely anything.
The last time we saw “Marvel's Agents of SHIELD” back in December, the mysterious object known as the Diviner had transformed Skye (Chloe Bennet) and Raina (Ruth Negga) into something altogether Inhuman through the process of Terrigenesis, killing Agent Trip (B.J. Britt) in the process.
When the show returns from its midseason break on March 3 with the aptly-titled “Aftershocks,” the team will be reeling from that major loss, while Skye attempts to come to terms with her newfound abilities — which seem to be able to cause devastating earthquakes that she's unable to control.
Variety was among a number of outlets invited to visit the “Agents of SHIELD” set and gather intel from the secretive stars of the ABC drama, which returns for a 12-week run of uninterrupted episodes from 9 p.m. tonight.
We Need to Talk About Skye
As Clark Gregg (Coulson) pointed out on set, while the audience knows that something huge happened to Skye in the midseason finale, the rest of the team is still in the dark: “She's in quarantine, alien biotech is in play, and we don't quite know what happened. And yet something clearly happened, and that's really the tension of the first couple episodes back — what happened to Skye?”
The show's executive producers compared Skye's journey in the back half with that of a superhero's origin story. “We are coming in with the very beginning of her realizing what really is going on and, unlike a film, we have many, many hours to play that out and to explore the different emotional aspects of grappling with that huge change for someone who, [as] we've already seen, is on a journey trying to find herself and trying to find a place in the world,” Jed Whedon explained.
“Instead of montaging Spider-Man on the subway having fun for about three minutes learning his powers, we can actually explore what it means to go through that,” exec producer Jeffrey Bell agreed. “At the beginning of the season, we tried to take Skye, who wasn't a SHIELD agent at beginning of last year and, coming in this season, really grow her up as a character and as an agent… Now there's a whole new start and entering us into whole new world of Inhumans and what that means for her and how it affects other characters. Those are all really fun stories for us to explore.”
Bennet — who admitted that after growing up with six brothers, she always aspired to be a superhero more than a Disney princess — is relishing the opportunity to explore a new side of Skye. “It's a lot of her figuring out that, ‘Oh, when I got upset down there, an earthquake happened, and I keep getting upset and that may be happening again.' It's her exploring whether or not it is her that is creating these things, and then dealing with what she has to tell the team, because people who have powers, from SHIELD's perspective, are put on the Index,” she noted. “That's not really a place she wants to be.”
RIP Trip
In addition to worrying about Skye's potential exposure to alien tech, the team is still mourning the loss of Trip, which will haunt Skye going forward. “I think she feels extremely guilty over that, considering he went down there to save her and then he died,” Bennet said.
Elizabeth Henstridge (Simmons) emphasized the impact Trip's death will have on the team, teasing that it serves as a catalyst for many story arcs moving forward: “It's huge. It's a traumatic event — he's one of our own. Also, just as a cast we're feeling it. That comes through a crazy amount. You should've seen the table read when he died… It was huge and I think writers take that into consideration. Had it not been B.J. Britt, maybe it wouldn't have been written in so much, but he was such a light in our cast that the ramifications are enormous. It's a testament to him. This is like the Coulson dying in ‘The Avengers' … this is the thing that's going to spur and fuel the second half of the season. It's big for every character.”
Iain De Caestecker (Fitz) agreed, “The big thing from the midseason finale is the death of Agent Triplett, and that's the first time someone who's been really integrated in the team has [died]. And then with what happens to Skye, someone on our team that's been affected like that, it just brings [the danger] home a lot more, I think.”
“The ramifications of having cost the team a member in that way are deep and really throws everybody,” Gregg added. “There's a grieving process, and people have serious questions about what we were doing there. [Coulson] wouldn't make any of those choices any differently, but it's hard not to think about, retroactively, the logic that he and Skye have the same material inside of them… Coulson doesn't know if he was following some internal dictate to take her there — and he certainly kind of managed to affect her transformation, whether he knew it or not. I think that's a brilliant question to ask him.”
A House Divided
Between the uncertainty over Skye and the emotional toll of losing Trip, fractures will soon start to appear within the team. One SHIELD agent who will find the new status quo particularly challenging is Mack (Henry Simmons), who was taken over by some kind of alien force in the temple and was compelled to attack his teammates: “I would say the group is probably split because they're trying to determine ‘why? What are we chasing and why are we chasing certain things?'” Simmons explained coyly.
De Caestecker previewed that the upcoming episodes will challenge all team members in different ways: “I think the cool thing about season two is that a lot of the risks and dangers that were involved for a group of humans that are coming up amongst superhero elements, a lot of those risks have started to become very real and we're dealing with the aftermath of that… the group's a bit more split. Everyone's going through different turmoils. Obviously we saw what happened to Mack, which affects someone like Fitz because they've got a close relationship.”
And, after Agent Ward's (Brett Dalton) betrayal last season, there will always be lingering doubts about who to trust, according to Gregg. “I think [Coulson's] determined to keep a team together that will not replicate the rotten version of SHIELD that we saw in ‘Winter Soldier' and the Garrett plot of our back half of last season. So there's an ongoing attempt to broaden the team that he will need to protect the world from what's going on within Hydra. And at the same time, there's a lot of people there he doesn't know that well. Agent Hunter [Nick Blood], Agent Morse [Adrianne Palicki], he has some history with, but not even to know where everyone stands… you don't know who's lying to you at any given moment. People have been keeping the secret [of Hydra] for years and years. And after a betrayal like that, you have to kind of constantly evaluate everyone and their motives. And I feel like that's another thing you see play out in a deep way this season.”
Daddy Issues
Now that Skye has discovered her birthright as Daisy Johnson and met her father, Cal (Kyle MacLachlan), will she be tempted to turn to the scientist for advice? Bennet was tight-lipped, but offered this hint: “Let's just say that he was definitely right about how once you change, things aren't going to be the same and people aren't going to treat you the same way. There's definitely a level of discrimination against Inhumans. I wouldn't say that she turns to him, but I would definitely say that their relationship changes a little bit.”
As far as Gregg's concerned, Skye is “the closest thing to a daughter” he has, which complicates matters now that he's SHIELD's director and thus, “he doesn't get to be quite as touchy-feely as he was season one. He has to make choices that are simply for the greater good that SHIELD provides, which is protecting the world from the strange, the weird, the line that Joss wrote in the pilot. And it means putting her in dangerous situations. And I think it makes him feel very responsible for whatever's going on with her.”
It also puts him on a collision course with Cal, who wants revenge after Coulson killed Hydra boss Daniel Whitehall (Reed Diamond) and robbed him of the opportunity in the midseason finale. “It's tricky with Cal. His love for Skye is deep enough that it's hard to wrap around killing her father,” Gregg admitted. “And at the same time, he's not so happy with how the last fight went. And there's a score he wants to settle, and he wants to protect her from whatever stuff he's got going on.”
“Agents of SHIELD” airs Tuesdays at 9 p.m. on ABC.
Source:- http://goo.gl/UkBFdl
Comments
comments
A joint bid from the US, Canada and Mexico to host the enlarged 2026 World Cup is expected to be finalised this year for submission to Fifa, according to Victor Montagliani, the president of the region's Confederation of North, Central America and Caribbean Association Football (Concacaf). Speaking to the Guardian before Saturday's annual Concacaf congress on the Caribbean island of Aruba, Montagliani contrasted the prospect of the countries' cooperating on a World Cup with the division represented by the wall along the border with Mexico planned by Donald Trump.
Has there ever been a professional football player-chairman? | The Knowledge Read more
“Canada, the US and Mexico are aiming for a joint bid, the idea has been around for a while, discussions are continuing and it is a very exciting proposition if it comes to fruition,” Montagliani said. “We have had nothing but positive remarks about it and it is a very strong sign of what football can do to bring countries together.”
Asked if he was referring to Trump's belligerent rhetoric about building a wall, Montagliani, a Canadian insurance executive elected as the Concacaf president last May, said football has to “rise above” all kinds of political regimes which many people dislike. “It behoves football and leaders of football to deal with it and rise above it,” he said.
Although each country individually would have the infrastructure to host the World Cup alone, Montagliani said, a joint bid would be “a fit” with the new 48-country, 80-game format of the 2026 tournament. A final decision is likely to be taken “some time this year”.
Fifa's new process for countries bidding to host the 2026 World Cup, announced last year under the presidency of Gianni Infantino, set out a period from June this year to December 2018 for the preparation of bids. Evaluation of countries' suitability by Fifa is scheduled for January 2019 to February 2020, with the final decision to be taken at Fifa's congress in May 2020. Concacaf's proposed joint bid is considered by far the early favourite to host the tournament, which has not been held in the region since the US World Cup of 1994. The previous Fifa president, Sepp Blatter, lobbied for the US to host the 2022 World Cup, as part of a continued push to expand football as a sport in the country, before a majority on the Fifa executive committee voted controversially instead for Qatar.
The development of the Concacaf bid, together with running a successful Gold Cup tournament this summer, is a key element in Montagliani's campaign as its new president to refocus on football itself, following the arrests, criminal indictments and revelations of huge corruption at the confederation under his predecessors.
“It is still shocking when you think of the depth and breadth of the corruption; it was unbelievable,” Montagliani said. “You are in a very privileged position to work in football, 99% of people would give their right arm to be in that position; it's an honour, and to abuse it is unforgivable.”
Concacaf instituted governance reforms in July 2015 principally aimed at its internal constitution, and auditing and protection against the payment of bribes and kickbacks when TV, sponsorship and commercial rights are sold, which were rife under three previous presidents. In August a new chief legal and compliance officer was appointed with responsibility for these procedures, Guilherme (Bill) Carvalho, formerly the associate general counsel for Yahoo in the Americas.
“We have to rebuild the trust of the public and that takes time,” Montagliani said. “We do not have council members doling out Goal [Fifa development] projects, media rights or dealing with sponsors; there is a clear process now and, although no method is foolproof, I have a fairly high comfort level that we have an integrity process in place.”
Legal proceedings are continuing, he said, to seek the return to Concacaf's ownership of the centre of excellence built in Trinidad with $26m of Fifa and Concacaf money, which was revealed in 2013 to be owned personally by the long-term former president, Jack Warner. An investigation by a Concacaf integrity committee, set up by Jeff Webb, the president elected in 2012 after Warner stepped down, accused Warner of committing fraud against Concacaf and misappropriating Fifa funds, by representing the centre of excellence as Concacaf's when in fact it was built on land Warner owned and had bought for the purpose. Warner, who is fighting extradition to the US where he has been indicted for allegedly pocketing multiple bribes and kickbacks during his 21-year presidency of Concacaf from 1990 to 2011, is defending the legal action, Montagliani said.
Chuck Blazer, the Concacaf general secretary working alongside Warner for 21 years, pleaded guilty to multiple fraud, bribery and tax evasion crimes in the US, and has been an informer in the continuing US Department of Justice criminal investigations. Webb, elected on the promise of reform and integrity following the Warner and Blazer scandals, was himself arrested in Zurich in May 2015 and pleaded guilty last year to taking multimillion dollar bribes from TV contracts as soon as he became the president. Montagliani described Webb as a man well-liked in football and his admitted corruption as “a horrendous shock”.
Alfredo Hawit, a Honduran lawyer and former professional footballer who was interim Concacaf president after Warner's demise, then became president again following Webb's arrest, was then indicted and pleaded guilty himself last year to trousering bribes on TV deals.
“I couldn't imagine such a crisis occurring in a company and the company surviving,” Montagliani said. “But you should never waste a good crisis. Football has survived because of fans and players, and now we have an opportunity to restore our image, and bring the game back to them.”
Montagliani, a supporter and ally of Infantino's, appointed the chair of Fifa's new football stakeholder committee said that Concacaf is party to Fifa's legal claim for recovery of money defrauded by its former officials.
Gandhi Private Limited :
It was in the 1980s that Arun Shourie wrote a series on the scams by then Maharashtra CM AR Antulay. It was appropriately titled “Indira Gandhi as commerce”. Cut to 21st Century and we now have a company that can truly have the reputation of Gandhi Private Limited. The long and short of the National Herald (NH) scam is as follows:
Congress gives a loan of 90 crores to owners of NH (Associated Journals Ltd) to pay off their debts worth that amount. The funds of Congress are from donations that are tax free and cannot be used for commercial funding as per law. The grateful NH then transfers shares worth that amount to Young India, a section-25 not-for-profit company, owned by the Gandhis and some others. Young India pays 50 lakhs to NH and buys off the company. In the process Young India and the Gandhi get realty worth 2000 crores. That is the Delhi property alone. If one adds up other properties of NH across the country the assets are reportedly around 5000 crores. So Young India got assets worth over 2000 crores for a paltry 50 lakhs (and the indirect transfer of 90 crores from Congress through NH in terms of shares).
Robert Vadra buying land cheap with funds from a future buyer, getting it quickly regularised and then selling it off at a huge premium to that same buyer who funded him. Typically, when the scam did come to light our media was very scared as always to ask questions to the Gandhis and they still are. Instead they attacked Subramaniam Swamy who has been handling this case legally. The worst offender was none other than Sonia's bootlicker Rajdeep Sardesai who held a sham debate ( Had these facts not come to light around November 2012 many of the real estate assets of NH would have already changed hands and sold to builders and property developers. It's a lot likebuying land cheap with funds from a future buyer, getting it quickly regularised and then selling it off at a huge premium to that same buyer who funded him. Typically, when the scam did come to light our media was very scared as always to ask questions to the Gandhis and they still are. Instead they attackedwho has been handling this case legally. The worst offender was none other than Sonia's bootlickerwho held a sham debate ( Read here ) and asked the following question:
On June 26, 2014 a court in Delhi, after the first hearings, has found a prima-facie case of Criminal breach of trust and conspiracy to cheat and has summoned Sonia Gandhi, Rahul Gandhi a four Congress members who are involved in executing the NH scam. The law will take its course, as they say but it's what the spokies and other doormats of Congress responded with that is atrociously interesting. There was Kumar Ketkar and Congress spokie Randeep Surjewala. First on CNN-IBN and then on TimesNow. The most garbage naturally came from the moron called Kumar Ketkar (KK).
First KK claimed that he had not read the court order so he doesn't know the facts. If you don't even read the order and don't know the facts why do you go on a TV panel? Then this moron carried on in TimesNow stating that takeover of NH is just another bigger organisation gobbling up a media house and all such takeovers should be debated. This is the childish nonsense that KK brings to the table. How this guy became an editor is a mystery. Mahesh Jethmalani had to explain to KK that it wasn't a hostile takeover of a media house because the organisation had no plans to carry on any media business. The Congress party is also not a commercial organisation that should be in the business of takeovers. Obviously, stupid KK is hinting at the recent takeover of Network18 by Reliance. Is there any comparison between the two? Does Reliance need to takeover N18 to acquire some stupid assets of N18? This is as silly as our alleged editors in the media are. That moronery done, KK even made an alarming statement. Since he had not read the court order he screamed “how can we trust court orders”. Who should we trust then? Mahatma Sonia?
Then there was the “demented” Randeep Surjewala of Congress who went on a non-stop rant on Timesnow without allowing anyone else to talk or sticking to the case. Sujrewala claimed Swamy is nobody to interfere in the “private” matters of the Congress. Laughable! A political party scamming a commercial organisation fraudulently is the “private” matter of the Congress? Worse, he went on to add that NH was founded by MK Gandhi and Nehru to further the ideals of “Secularism” among other things. Where the hell did secularism come into this scam? And I seriously doubt MKGandhi and Nehru were discussing secularism at all. And the third thing is the Congress cry of “vendetta” by BJP through Swamy. This case started during the Congress govt and naturally they wouldn't want to act on it. Even so, why should the prosecution of an act of corruption and fraud be seen as vendetta? Not one media channel even demanded that Sonia or Rahul appear on their show and answer questions. But these same cowards have no problems hounding others, shoving mics into faces, way-laying people at their homes and vehicles like ordinary thugs. That's our MSM for you. If this case had come up for hearing before the elections Congress would have got lesser than 44 seats.
The Congress and their members can scream all they want but they do know this is serious trouble for Sonia, Rahul and the other sidekicks involved in these transactions. Other corruption allegations involve ministers and alliance partners which enabled the Gandhis to present themselves as clean. Not so in this case. Besides, every aspect of this case is based on hard documents and not circumstantial evidence. Each transaction in the NH scam appears fraudulent and with an intent to scam. Young India was formed as a “not for profit” company but it hardly seems to be that. Appropriating assets worth 5000 crores of a company with no intention of carrying out its stated business and renting out the property is hardly a “not for profit” mission.
Feeding the NGO mafia :
We were just about getting a hang of some anti-national NGOs and we are surprised with yet another scam-like act of the previous Congress govt. It seems the Congress had realised they were going to lose power and were bent on leaving as much muck behind for the new govt as possible. Here's a GOI press release from September 2013:
“ The Union Cabinet today approved the proposal for setting up of the Bharat Rural Livelihood Foundation (BRLF) as an independent charitable society under the Societies Registration Act, 1860 to facilitate and upscale civil society action in partnership with Government for transforming livelihoods and lives of rural households, with an emphasis on women, particularly in the Central Indian Tribal Region. It will provide financial grants to Civil Society Organizations (CSOs) to meet their human resource and institutional costs for upscaling of proven interventions; invest in institutional strengthening of smaller CSOs and capacity building of professional resources working at the grassroots... Even though BRLF will have an India wide mandate, the initial focus of the organization will be on the Central Indian Tribal Region, centered on blocks having significant tribal population across 170 districts in the States of Odisha, Jharkhand, West Bengal, Chhattisgarh, Madhya Pradesh, Andhra Pradesh, Maharashtra, Rajasthan and Gujarat. Rs 500 crore will be released for creating the corpus fund of the new Society, in two tranches. The society will be constituted as a partnership between Government on the one hand and private sector philanthropies, private and public sector undertakings (under Corporate Social Responsibility) on the other hand ”.
Bharat Rural Livelihood Foundation (BRLF) are from her pet coterie called the NAC which is now dead. There's some good advance planning it seems. To put it bluntly, the BRLF is nothing but a “broker” between NGOs and the GOI. It will “funnel” funds to NGOs of its choice (or Sonia's choice?) across the country (I couldn't find a website of theirs, if they have any). Who are these people accountable to? And what is the brokerage and other perks that members of this BRLF will enjoy? And under an MOU an amount of 500 crores has been pledged to this “Senior NGO”. What the hell is anyone to do if the govt itself goes around forming NGOs? Have they concluded all the State govts and Panchayats are useless bodies? Sonia Gandhi's love for NGOs and activists seems unending. Most of the members of this(BRLF) are from her pet coterie called the NAC which is now dead. There's some good advance planning it seems. To put it bluntly, the BRLF is nothing but a “” between NGOs and the GOI. It will “” funds to NGOs of its choice (or Sonia's choice?) across the country (I couldn't find a website of theirs, if they have any). Who are these people accountable to? And what is the brokerage and other perks that members of this BRLF will enjoy? And under an MOU an amount of 500 crores has been pledged to this “Senior NGO”. Indian Express reports on it with additional information and about the founders of BRLF:
“ Thanks to Jairam Ramesh, the Modi government will have to shell out Rs 300 crore — over the next two years — and deal with a society registered in the UPA regime packed with “eminent persons” which include members of Sonia Gandhi's National Advisory Council. Barely two months before the 2014 Lok Sabha elections were announced, the UPA's Rural Development Ministry under Ramesh signed a Memorandum of Understanding with Bharat Rural Livelihoods Foundation making it a funding agency for NGOs across the country. And released to it a first tranche of Rs 200 crore in January 2014… this society was registered in December that year by members of the then National Advisory Council Mihir Shah, Virginius Xaxa and Mirai Chatterjee among others. The other founding signatories include: Nicholas Barla, a social activist associated with the Catholic Church in Odisha; Bihar cadre IAS officer AS Mathew; S Parasuraman, Director of Tata Institute of Social Sciences, and activist Pramathesh Ambastha… The BRLF's Memorandum of Association allows it to “raise financial resources” even from “international agencies/organizations” apart from other sources like Central or state governments and private sources with the purpose to “provide financial grants to civil society organisations ”.
200 crores already paid with great urgency and 300 crores to be paid over the next 2 years. Sounds like the govt created a Greenpeace for itself. It is worse than that if you consider that all the salaries and other expenses of this body will be borne out of public funds. There is only one way to see it. This BRLF is an immoral baby of an outgoing govt with no purpose but to favour the “pet” NGO operators of the Congress and Sonia Gandhi. This immoral act was carried out by none other than Jairam Ramesh who had interesting things to say about NGOs himself:
You can read the whole story about Jairam Ramesh calling many NGOs a “mafia” here . And here is what he exactly said in according to IE's report of September 25, 2013:
“ Our experience with NGOs in some states has not been good. In different states, we have seen that NGOs have become a racket. And this racket has been formed because politicians and NGOs have developed a close association," Ramesh said, adding that most NGOs are either in the name of one or the other politician's wife, son, daughter or some relative. "It has become a mafia," he said, adding that "there are some states like Maharashtra, Gujarat... where some NGOs are doing good work". Ramesh said that it was the strategy of the government to give less importance to NGOs than they used to get earlier. Elaborating further, he said that it was important to work with elected institutions like state governments and gram panchayats. He added that NGOs would be working in those places where the number of these (elected) institutions was less ”.
Jairam Ramesh says the above after having formed the BRFL just a few days prior in the same month of September 2013. So it does appear that the BRFL was not created by Ramesh's conviction but more out compulsion from other “clever” political superiors. If you look at the areas that BRLF has chosen to concentrate on, all of them have state govts and panchayats. So this farce was played out for the pleasure of someone it seems. There is only one way to reverse this. A govt cannot back out of an MOU but it must wind up the NGO (BRLF) itself or its partnership with it. Govt cannot become an NGO. The 200 crores already thrown away should best be accounted for properly and no further amounts should be paid to this “Broker NGO”. Whether it takes an ordinance or any other act there is no way the GOI should fund such NGOs of “fancy” of certain individuals.
Going by both, the National Herald scam and the formation of this NGO broker BRLF, there cannot be any doubt that the Congress party itself is a party of NGO for profits. The cases must be dealt with severely to set precedents so that other govts or parties do not indulge in such corrupt acts. There are many politicians in the ruling BJP also who are connected or involved with some spurious NGOs. They should declare it, withdraw from it or be investigated along with other fraudulent NGOs.
4 Reasons why you probably shouldn't see Chara or Frisk as Player inserts.
I'm seeing it be debated, and I have toyed with the idea myself, that Frisk, Chara, or even both are representations of “the Player” either as “self-insertions” or as embodiments of two different mindsets of RPG gamers: The “explorer” type and the “min-maxer” or “level grinder.”
But is it really fair for these characters story-arcs, to have them boiled down to being allegories of common gaming tropes?
After all, we don't normally accredit other fictional characters achievements as our own. We did not save the world from and alien force, or stop a falling meteor from bringing ruin to the land. Playing videogames, particularly RPGs, allow us an experience where we can explore and interact with the fictional world a game presents in ways that are unique to itself and its genre. Yet, while we may name a character after ourselves we do not expect the character to assume the role of us but rather us assuming the role of the character. (Hence, the role playing aspect of a “role-playing-game.”)
Therefore here is a list of reasons why Chara and Frisk are not “Player Inserts”
1. Any name you give the fallen human that is not Chara is the incorrect name. Despite given the freedom to name the fallen human whatever we want the game will always ask:
The game questions you about the name you just put in, not many games do that. And while even Toby Fox says that the name you should use is your own, there is only one name that the game will recognize as “True”
There is no “is this correct?” to make you second guess. For there to be a true name all other names must be “false” or at the very least “borrowed” ones.
Why would Toby Fox tell us to give the fallen human a name that is not truly theirs? Well, why did Toby Fox hide Frisk's name until the very end, making us think that they were the fallen human we named from the beginning? Perhaps it's to add another layer of separation between us and the characters we “play as” and assume we know all about.
2. Naming the fallen human after us does not turn them into us. They have their own specific backstory that we can not “customize.” Just as every other person who has your name in real life is not an extension of yourself; the fallen human does not become a doppelganger of the player. ((Or an alternate universe version of yourself)) Just as naming a character in a videogame, even blank slate characters in RPGs, does not make them “us”. We just make the game more convenient for us to get into the character's shoes when we name them after ourselves.
((Chara has a borderline Shakespearian tragedy as a backstory that we have no direct part in.))
3. Frisk's obscure backstory does not make it open for self insertion. Just like how their name was known only to them and not to us, their history is something only they know.
((I know I certainly don't))
4. What we consider “a game” that we play to us, is the world to them.
The narration is done for Frisk's sake not our own. If save files exist for the character's own benefit in universe is it really such a stretch that the other “RPG mechanics” are also a part of its nature? Barring the “Chara as the narrator theory” at the very least Sans speech about LOVE and Chara's speech at the end of the Bad route breaks down things we players know as STATS to have in world significance.
Should we really impose our “gamer logic” on a game that is actively using that logic against us?
In the end what claim do we really have on these mysterious fictional kids outside of getting Frisk from point A to point B? Not much, but that's what a role playing game is: a journey we walk in another's shoes, not our own. Games give us the power to determine the outcome of their tale, be it good or bad.
Yeah, yeah, I know that there are all sorts of punch-line endings you could give to the headline above. (I'm talking about the city of my birth, so of course I kid because I love.) But here is the non-joke point I have in mind:
A ceremony ten days ago at the Constitution Center in Philadelphia got a lot of (virtual) ink because of the misadventures of the actress Kim Delaney. YouTube video explaining that situation is tucked discreetly after the jump.
But the ostensible reason for the ceremony, and the person whom Delaney was introducing, went virtually unmentioned in the accounts. I won't belabor that contrast -- a semi-scandal involving a comely celebrity wearing a sequined dress, trumping a doughy policy point about a gent in his late 60s wearing a suit -- but wanted to say more about the policy point.
The ceremony at the Constitution Center was in honor of Robert Gates, who received the Liberty Medal for his service at the Pentagon and the CIA. In his relatively brief speech, Gates made a point of surprising bluntness that has remarkable force considering the times and events he has lived through. He was talking about the state of American self-government, and he said:
>>I do believe that we are now in uncharted waters when it comes to the dysfunction in our political system--and it is no longer a joking matter.
It appears that as a result of several long-building, polarizing trends in American politics and culture, we have lost the ability to execute even the basic functions of government [debt ceiling, appropriations, infrastructure-maintenance - JF] much less solve the most difficult and divisive problems facing the country [you name it].
Thus, I am more concerned than I have ever been about the state of American governance.<<
You can read a PDF of the speech or see a video of Gates delivering it. The only real coverage of it I saw was in Philly.com by Steve Frank of the Constitution Center.
Note: By submitting this form, you agree to Third Door Media's terms . We respect your privacy .
It was pretty obvious that both Google and Apple had reasons not to like Facebook's push into the phone space yesterday. But, while those companies haven't voiced any concerns publicly, Microsoft — a Facebook investor and partner — let loose with a blog post saying it has a “people first” phone for those who want the “real thing.”
Microsoft's “Real Thing” People Phone
From today's post by Frank X. Shaw, corporate vice president of communication for Microsoft:
I tuned into the coverage of the Facebook Home event yesterday and actually had to check my calendar a few times. Not to see if it was still April Fools' Day, but to see if it was somehow still 2011. Because the content of the presentation was remarkably similar to the launch event we did for Windows Phone two years ago. When we sat down with a blank sheet of paper and designed Windows Phone, we put three words on the wall to guide the team: “Put People First”.
Shaw's post goes on to explain how the Windows Phone “People” feature unifies address books and various social services, bringing them to the Windows Phone home page and the central People app, rather than requiring that users go into separate apps, concluding:
So, while we applaud Facebook for working to give some Android owners a taste of what a “people-centric” phone can be like, we'd humbly like to suggest that you get the real thing, and simply upgrade to a Windows Phone. When you get your Windows Phone, simply log into your Facebook account (along with Twitter, Skype, LinkedIn and Gmail) and pin your best friends and family to your start screen, and we promise you'll be feeling even more at “home”.
Facebook's Phone Is Facebook-Centric, Not People-Centric
Shaw is certainly correct that for anyone who really is thinking that a phone should be people-oriented, Windows Phone is much more that than Facebook. That's because Facebook's phone is Facebook-centric, not people-centric.
For example, I never use Facebook messaging. Indeed, I even leave my notifications off. I prefer to deal with people through email. I also have many people I connect with not just on Facebook but also through Google+ or Twitter.
The Facebook phone doesn't help me with this. It assumes that all the people in my life are on Facebook. They're not. Heck, my 14-year-old doesn't even use it any longer, having decamped like many of his friends over to Instagram.
People-First Hasn't Been Selling Phones
The idea behind what Facebook unveiled yesterday is very intriguing, and that's especially so for anyone who lives their lives on Facebook. But if there's promise there, “People” in Windows Phone (or Windows 8) is even more promising, unifying Twitter and Facebook together, as well as LinkedIn and a few other services (Google+ isn't one of them, though Gmail is).
Of course, People for Windows Phone has clearly not been so compelling that it has caused a massive adoption of that platform. That suggests that while Microsoft and Facebook may now want to spar over who has the real “people first” phone and what that means, so far, people seem pretty happy living with “app first” phones like Android (without Facebook Home) or iOS.
Microsoft Not Feeling The Facebook Love
That leads to the first awkward point in all this. One of those top apps is the aforementioned Facebook-owned Instagram, which just posted about how great Android use is, a year after it launched onto that platform. But, Instagram for Windows Phone… That platform still waits, something that made Windows Phone dead-in-the-water for my 14-year-old, in a recent test I ran on whether my kids would switch platforms.
Why awkward? Microsoft owns a small share in Facebook, around 1.6%, it seems. It was an early investor in the company, too. Facebook can't get Instagram to build an app for Windows Phones for a buddy like that?
Apparently not. And awkward again, Microsoft is Facebook's search partner. Search partner, that is, except when it comes to the mobile web. There, Facebook Home is doing nothing to change the search defaults to Facebook Graph search. Maybe that will come, and when it does, maybe that will also bring Bing to Facebook Home phones. But for now, it stays all Google on devices where Google is already the choice.
Hillary Clinton's campaign just posted an article listing “8 ways” she is “just like your abuela.” The list is completely without substance, a pathetic attempt to boost her ratings among young Latina and Latino voters.
Here are 8 ways Hillary Clinton is actually nothing like my abuelas Estela or Genoveva. I bet she's nothing like yours either, unless your grandmother:
Sat on the board of Walmart and fought for anti-labor free trade deals Voted for the war on Iraq Helped gut welfare for poverty-stricken families, while promoting mass incarceration Orchestrated the escalation of drone warfare Promoted deadly and criminal regime change efforts in Haiti, Yugoslavia, Honduras, Libya and Syria Stood against marriage equality Called for mass deportation of undocumented children fleeing Central American violence Received huge campaign funds from Wall Street investors and military contractors
If your grandmother is a war criminal, professional liar, or multi-millionaire who accrued fortunes by cozying up to the corporate .01%, then Hillary Clinton is the candidate for you. If, instead, you defend immigrants, Muslims, and the Black Lives Matter movement; if you're for a livable minimum wage, guaranteed quality housing, universal health care, free higher education, care for seniors, and a dignified retirement for all, then join us in building a new socialist movement in this country. Bring your abuela too!
Gloria La Riva is running for president as the candidate of the Party for Socialism and Liberation. Visit the campaign website at VotePSL.org
This morning, the Energy Storage Association released its whitepaper “35 X 25: A Vision For Energy Storage,” which lays out a plan for deploying 35 gigawatts (GW - a gigawatt equals 1,000 megawatts) of storage by 2025. The report – developed in collaboration with Navigant Research - outlines a number of developments that argue in favor of energy storage, including:
a growing need for grid reliability and resiliency, especially as more critical networks like transportation, HVAC, manufacturing, and data become increasingly electrified and demanding on our aging infrastructure;
an economy that is becoming more dependent on sophisticated computer networks and society becomes increasingly automated and interconnected;
a rapid increase in deployment of cost-effective renewable resources, which will benefit from having storage as a dance partner;
an increasing need for a more flexible and adaptable power grid that will benefit from storage resources that are modular and require short development lead times;
a dynamic of continuing improvements in storage technologies; and
a steady and rapid decline in costs – especially for lithium-ion batteries, which are expected to shoulder much of the burden
A view from the bridge
It is by ESA's own admission, an ambitious plan. However, in a conversation prior to the report's release, ESA CEO Kelly Speakes-Backman expressed confidence that these trends are aligning to help realize this vision. A large infusion of storage can add tremendous value to the grid and to society.
Speakes-Backman noted that while the storage addressed in the report includes all energy storage technologies, many stationary storage deployments will utilize lithium-ion technologies, and that associated costs are dropping steadily, benefiting from economies of scale resulting from their use in consumer electronics and electric vehicles. Over time, she observed, supply chains will continue to become more efficient, further driving down battery costs. And – similar to the experience in the solar industry - affiliated costs, ranging from customer acquisition and financing to inverters and balance of system, will plummet as well.
Grid battery technology is similar to consumer electronics and EVs, so there is a massive economy of scale, coupled with increasing power densities and increasing efficiencies of installation costs. So all-in costs are dropping quickly, up to 50% every three or four years. We expect that to continue for some time before it begins to level off.
The ESA report projects that the majority of storage installations will occurr at the grid scale, as there are numerous efficiency gains to harvest in a grid that typically runs at scarcely 50% of capacity. For example, storage could help to eliminate the need for peaking plants that exist only to supply power during the greatest levels of demand, and that are utilized only 5-7% of the time. Storage could also help to address the fact that our grid infrastructure is also oversized in order to meet peak demand (for example, the report observes that investments made to address the top 10% of demand can account for more than 40% of the total system cost. In New York, it is estimated that the top 100 hours in cost $1.7B per year.)
And although lithium technologies may take the lion's share of the market, Speakes-Backman emphasized that the report includes all storage technologies, such as pumped storage, compressed air, thermal storage, electrochemical and flow batteries, flywheels, ultracapacitors, and other forms of energy. This includes specific applications such as flow batteries, that are capable of longer duration tasks. At the same time, she predicted that lithium-ion technologies will continue to evolve, stating that, “We see increases in power density and more megawatt-hours in the same footprint.”
The regulatory conversation must catch up with the opportunities
Despite the impressive opportunity and the ability to create grid efficiencies, some critical impediments nonetheless stand in the way. The key challenge involves the need to change the existing regulatory framework, which was developed decades ago for a different, centrally planned grid. The current regulatory construct does not adequately address the value that storage can bring, nor the fact that it is a unique hybrid resource. Energy storage is not a load – yet it can absorb power. It's not a generator either, but it is capable of providing both energy and capacity to the system when required. It also serves at times as a transmission- and distribution-type resource, replacing the need for costly system capacity upgrades.
Thus, setting up the rules of the sandbox to effectively and efficiently integrate – and provide compensation for - these services will be critically important. This process must happen at the federal level, notably within the context of the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission (FERC), which has been working on a Notice of Public Rulemaking (NOPR) for some time. It also has to occur at the grid level (the Texas grid, for example, is not governed by the FERC), and also at the state Public Utilities Commission level, since much of the value will be gleaned by integrating storage assets into more localized transmission and distribution systems.
A former Maryland Commissioner, Speakes-Backman acknowledged the challenge related to the fact that the same storage resource can be applied in many different ways over the lifetime of a single asset.
There needs to be acknowledgement that classification of storage may need to be different over the course of the lifecycle – it may need to be classified as transmission and distribution, but also generation or load, since it has DR aspects. It's all three of those qualifications.
She also pointed out that current interconnection rules require certain equipment is required to connect any asset to the power grid (for example, a physical governor is required in some wholesale markets). However, being a digital asset, this is unnecessary for storage. Without a regulatory exemption, this cost burden remains.
Assigning a value to resiliency
Another area where regulators have not yet assigned value is resiliency. Resiliency and grid hardening become increasingly critical topics as our society grows more reliant on a digital economy, automated technologies, and datacenters. One proof point of the enormous resiliency value storage can bring is the recent experience of AES's 10 MW, 30-minute duration storage system in the Dominican Republic, which helped keep the nation's grid from going down during Hurricane Irma. The graph below aptly demonstrates how energy storage helped to stabilize the grid, addressing frequency disturbances that lasted more than ten hours and delivering 56% more energy throughput than under normal conditions.
At all regulatory levels, there is the challenging issue of how to quantify the value of resiliency. How much is it worth to mitigate or recover from outages, and who should pay for that capability?
Then there's the issue of black-start, i.e., the ability to bring back the grid from a complete black-out. Batteries have been successfully tested to demonstrate this capability as well. How much value should be assigned to this capability? The New England and Texas grids both have programs to determine this value, but other markets need to address this as well
Speakes-Backman commented that a key challenge related to resiliency will be to get the market signals right. If DOE Secretary Perry wants to compensate reliability with a payment to generation resources that have 90 days of fuel on hand, she asked, then how much value should be accorded to storage?
The FERC NOPR and DOE NOPR related to reliability and resilience will be interesting. At federal and state level – nowhere is there a way to comprehensively quantify the value of resilience.
Better models and up-to-date pricing
Some of the recommendations of the report seem obvious, such as ensuring that up-to-date models and costs are utilized. However, Speakes-Backman indicated that this is a bigger problem than one would think - particularly in a rapid falling-cost environment. In fact, she commented that in reviewing a financial model just recently she saw an estimate of $1,000/kWh. That cost is outdated, because it was “from a couple years ago.” That's how fast things are changing.
ESA's CEO indicates that recent installed costs have fallen quite considerably, and estimated that “Right now the lower end of the range is around $400/kWh… By 2021 or that low-end comes down as far as $200-250/kWh.”
Speakes-Backman observed that this cost decline roughly parallels that of solar energy in recent history, and that this analog holds true with respect to jobs as well. Just as the solar industry became more efficient so that the same project now requires less than one-sixth the labor required in 2008, a similar trend will occur with storage. The ESA white paper estimates that the same job will require approximately one-eight as many workers within just five years. That's what happens when industries mature.
Coupling storage with renewables and traditional generation
Speakes-Backman also emphasized the attractiveness of storage as a key enabler of increased renewables on the system. Storage assets can help provide capacity values. And they can mitigate the issue of curtailment and negative market pricing, since “you can store the energy and use it back on the grid, as opposed to prices going negative.”
Storage can also effectively be coupled with traditional base-load generation to help meet constantly fluctuating electricity demand, reducing the amount of cycling required of traditional facilities. This can occur either close to the generation facility or – better yet – at the distribution level closer to where the load and congestion actually occur.
Taking the long view
Speakes-Backman observed that getting to 35 GW of storage by 2025 will require some heavy lifting and commented,
Our 35 by 25 vision is aspirational. It's a strong stake in the ground. But if we continue to work on regulatory and market and legislative hurdles, I think we can get there, because we are trying to get to a more efficient grid.
A more efficient grid means less waste, faster reaction to potential negative prices, more room for renewables, and higher capacity utilizations of the grid infrastructure. Whether the U.S. electric grid reaches 35 GW by 2025 or some other number, we should expect to see enormous amounts of storage installed in the visible future. Storage is a critical tool to help address many problems while realizing the promise of a smarter, more resilient, and more efficient power grid, which is itself the critical central nervous system of our society.
Energy storage holds out the promise of releasing us from the yoke of the last century's need to constantly balance supply and demand in real-time and having to super-size our grid to make that happen. It allows us to evolve in our planning from a sledgehammer to a scalpel approach. Speakes-Backman pointed out that for the first time in the history of the electric grid, “You are essentially decoupling the element of time from the balance of supply and demand.”
And that simple statement has enormous implications, if we can truly understand the value of energy storage and act accordingly.
The new issue of the satiric French magazine Charlie Hebdo, the same magazine that published a number of Muhammad cartoons that triggered murderous attacks by Islamic terrorists, seems to mock the death and suffering wrought by Hurricane Harvey.
The cover of the magazine is captioned, “God Exists! He Drowned All the Neo-Nazis of Texas,” with an illustration of half-submerged swastika flags and arms giving the Nazi salute.
At least 37 people have died as a result of Hurricane Harvey; thousands more have had to leave their homes.
After the outpouring of support around the world precipitated by the horrific attack on January 7, 2015, in which two Islamic terrorists forced their way into the Paris headquarters of Charlie Hebdo and opened fire, killing 12 people and wounding 11 others, four of them seriously, people started uttering the mantra, “Je Suis Charlie.”
Not this time:
France's Charlie Hebdo mocking Houston flood victims as Nazis. Remember when we mocked their dead? Me neither. pic.twitter.com/0Sn7J73FiD — Bearzus (@bearzus) August 31, 2017
I may be one of the few people who didn't hate 2014's Dracula Untold, mainly because it seemed to me, at the time, like the closest thing to a live-action Castlevania movie we were ever going to get. However, that all changed as Netflix announced an exclusive mini-series for the beloved game.
Netflix released a press release after it held a massive event in New York to discuss it's a upcoming lineup of shows. Within the release was a single line reading:
Castlevania Season 1, Part 1 Coming to Netflix in 2017.
While the details for the show are non-existent, oddly enough, a year-old Facebook from Dredd executive producer Ali Shankar hinted at his involvement in a Castlevania series.
Shankar confirmed his involvement with another Facebook post after the announcement, detailing the show is already signed on for two seasons and post mentioning the series was written by Warren Ellis.
For those unaware, Ellis was the writer behind the DC comics Transmetropolitan, Planetary, as well as the Image comics Ministry of Space. His works also include the NYT best selling novel Gunmachine as well as the “underground classic,” Crooked Little Vein. He also wrote RED (Retired and Extremely Dangerous).
Castlevania has a long and extensive storylines that can all lend themselves to a show incredibly well. The later franchise games: Aria of Sorrow and Dawn of Sorrow star Soma Cruz, a teenage reincarnation of Dracula, battling his inner demons as well as the minions of the Prince of Darkness. This would allow for some serious drama and keep with Shankar's initial promise of flipping the vampire sub-genre on it's head, showcasing a protagonist who is both hero and villain.
However, the recent reboots to the Castlevania franchise, Lords of Shadow, would better suit Shankar's promise of being both dark and super violent, potentially capitalizing on the success of medieval drama's like Game of Thrones.
If the show were to borrow from Mirror of Fate, this too would lend itself to excellent drama, detailing Gabriel Belmont's transformation into Dracula, and his cursed lineage's endless battle to defeat him.
While no official release date has been set, my guess is an October release, in keeping with the game's theme.
A little less than a year ago we announced June 28th, 2017 as the cutoff day for API v1. Developers have asked us for more time to finish updating their apps, so we have extended the API v1 cutoff date until September 28th, 2017.
Our goal is to provide developers with extra time to complete their migrations to API v2 and give users reasonable forewarning and time to respond to any dependencies on apps that have not yet acknowledged the API v1 deprecation.
Our updated API v1 deprecation timeline is as follows:
June 28th, 2017: Send email communication to all active users of apps whose owners have not acknowledged the v1 deprecation.
Send email communication to all active users of apps whose owners have not acknowledged the v1 deprecation. September 28th, 2017: API v1 endpoints are no longer accessible.
Questions? Feedback? Feel free to reach out on our developer forum.
Central High School (Photo: EVSC)
Police discovered three guns and a backpack with bullets and 9 mm magazines near the teen who shot and killed himself outside of Central High School early Tuesday morning.
Roman M. Kellough, 15, of Evansville died of a single, self-inflicted gunshot wound Tuesday, according to Vanderburgh County Coroner Steve Lockyear.
Police also said that there was a weapon found near Kellough's body.
According to an Evansville Police Department report, officers discovered two 9 mm handguns and a .38-caliber handgun along with 46 9-mm bullets, two magazines and 13 38-caliber bullets, a backpack, cell phone and wallet.
A school district spokesman confirmed Kellough was a former student at the school who had withdrawn near the end of the fall semester. District officials did not offer a reason for Kellough leaving the school, other than to say that he had done so on his own and was not an enrolled student at any Evansville Vanderburgh School Corp. facility.
Spokesman Jason Woebkenberg refused to comment beyond a statement the EVSC issued on Wednesday. That statement, which did not include Kellough's name, warned against social media "speculation."
Evansville Police Sgt. Jason Cullum classified the case as "still an active investigation" when asked asked about Kellough's motives and whether he ever posed any additional threats. Cullum acknowledged multiple weapons were found and said investigators have spoken to several people during the last few days, including members of Kellough's family.
Cullum said police are still trying to determine how Kellough got the weapons or who they belonged to. Lockyear on Thursday said that it is believed that Kellough fatally shot himself "several hours before he was discovered." Authorities do not have an exact time of death, but Lockyear has said it is not believed that there were any witnesses to the act.
Lockyear has there been no outside surveillance cameras to capture the incident.
Read or Share this story: https://www.courierpress.com/story/news/local/2017/01/05/three-guns-magazines-and-bullets-found-teen-who-killed-himself/96193160/
Akasha, a next-generation social media network powered by Ethereum and the InterPlanetary File System, was unveiled on May 3 ‒ World Press Freedom Day. The signups for the alpha release are open. The project is the brainchild of Mihai Alisie, cofounder of Bitcoin Magazine.
The Akasha, a Sanskrit word, is the unseen medium that pervades the universe and, in Eastern religions and spiritual traditions, serves as a substrate for the “Akashic Records” ‒ a permanent repository embedded in the fabric of space-time for all the information that is ever produced in the universe. Alisie's project doesn't go that far yet: it just wants to establish a permanent repository embedded in the fabric of the Internet for all the information that is ever produced online.
“Ever since I joined Vitalik [Buterin] in the Ethereum project as cofounder in late 2013, I've dreamed about the ways Ethereum could be used to solve some of the biggest issues we face as a civilization,” says Alisie. “However, it wasn't until early 2015 when I first realized that we are about to create the missing puzzle piece that will enable us to tackle two of the most important challenges we face today as a modern information-based society: freedom of expression and creative perpetuity.”
The problem that the Akasha project wants to solve is the impermanence of information online. Information ‒ web sites, documents, email archives, video, etc. ‒ can be either purposefully deleted by the governments and/or corporations that control today's Internet, or, more simply but equally tragic, just disappear for lack of maintenance of the central servers where it's hosted.
In fact, today's Internet is becoming centralized, with billions of users dependent on a handful of large services. Today's Internet is also fragile, because it relies on a centralized distribution model, with servers that come and go. If a server goes down for any technical or commercial reason, or is taken down by the authorities, all the web pages stored on that server disappear.
“The next time you stumble upon a 404 page remember that it is a small tragedy in itself. It is almost as if our collective brain has lost a piece of its memory, sometimes forever,” says Alisie. “We are basically living in an information age plagued by arbitrary censorship and digital amnesia, affecting every Internet user.”
The Internet Archive, with its Wayback Machine that stores snapshots of web pages and entire sites, can permit recovering lost information if a suitable snapshot is available, but sometimes it doesn't have the time to make a backup copy if the original is deleted soon after creation, which can happen in case of rapid government intervention.
It would be good to have a backup system built into the fabric of the Internet, but for that to happen the Internet must evolve toward a decentralized, distributed infrastructure independent of central servers. A limited but conceptually sound model for a decentralized Internet is provided by the BitTorrent network, where files are not stored centrally but locally on the computers of the network's users. In Alisie's words:
“What would happen if there was no server to delete information from and instead the content would live forever on a decentralized network serving data through a fractal of nodes? We're about to find out.”
After a lot of study and prototyping work, the Akasha team has found a suitable technology stack to implement a decentralized, distributed Internet. The cornerstones of the Akasha stack are Ethereum and the InterPlanetary File System, augmented by Electron, React with Redux, and Node.js.
The InterPlanetary File System (IPFS) is a peer-to-peer distributed file system that connects all participating nodes with the same file system and permits building versioned file systems, blockchains, all the way to a permanent distributed Web. IPFS has no single point of failure, and nodes do not need to trust each other. Recently, OpenBazaar, a blockchain-based decentralized marketplace, started integrating the IPFS into its platform.
In an article titled “Locking the Web Open, a Call for a Distributed Web,” Internet Archive founder Brewster Kahle, an early Internet entrepreneur also known for founding other pioneering initiatives such as the Internet Credit Union, Alexa and the early supercomputer company Thinking Machines, challenged funders, visionaries, coders and activists to build the decentralized Internet with technologies similar to those used by the Akasha project.
Since Akasha is built on Ethereum, it will have a built-in infrastructure suitable for micropayments. “In the first phase ETH will be the native token used inside the Akasha ecosystem,” notes the Akasha website. “We chose to focus first on building a working decentralized application and learning from the actual use what sorts of problems we should be solving with a custom token.”
Perhaps Akasha could advance toward implementing the native Internet payment system and other advanced features foreseen in Ted Nelson's Project Xanadu, a conceptual precursor of today's World Wide Web, which were never implemented due to lack of enabling technologies. “Humanity needs a better home of Mind,” concludes Alisie referring to John Perry Barlow's “A Declaration of the Independence of Cyberspace.”
Editor's note: Mihai Alisie was one of the original founders of Bitcoin Magazine, along with Vitalik Buterin.
Russian military helicopter accidentally fires on spectators during war games
Updated
Sorry, this video has expired Video: Russian military helicopter accidentally fires on spectators during war games (ABC News)
A Russian military attack helicopter has accidentally fired on spectators during war games in western Russia, reportedly injuring several people.
The Russian military acknowledged a helicopter accidentally fired a missile during drills, but insisted no-one was hurt in the incident and refrained from saying when it happened.
The video released on the online 66.ru, RBC and Life.ru news portals showed a pair of Ka-52 helicopter gunships sweeping low, with one of them firing a rocket that explodes next to a spectator in a parking lot.
The 66.ru website said two people were seriously wounded and two vehicles were destroyed in the incident during the Zapad (West) 2017 manoeuvres.
It said the accident happened on Sunday or Monday (local time) at the Luzhsky range, about 100 kilometres east of the border with Estonia.
The news portal said the video was provided by an unidentified witness.
Life.ru said the incident happened at the Luzhsky range on Saturday and the rocket exploded near a crowd of journalists, military experts and foreign military attaches. It said three people were hurt.
It said a preliminary investigation stated the incident was caused by a short-circuit in the helicopter's electric system that resulted in the accidental launch of the rocket.
RBC also reported that the incident happened on Saturday.
It said that three people were injured and said they were soldiers.
Putin attended drills
Russian President Vladimir Putin attended the drills at the range on Monday accompanied by the top military brass.
The Russian military's Western Military District acknowledged on Tuesday that the video was genuine.
It denied it happened on Monday, but didn't specify when or where the incident in the video took place.
It insisted that no-one was hurt, and just one military truck was damaged.
The military said the incident was caused by the failure of the helicopter's targeting system.
The Zapad 2017 manoeuvres, held jointly by Russia and Belarus, got underway on Thursday at several firing ranges in both countries and run through Wednesday.
The drills have rattled some NATO members, including the Baltic states and Poland, who have criticised an alleged lack of transparency about the war games and questioned Moscow's intentions.
AP
Topics: unrest-conflict-and-war, accidents, russian-federation
First posted
Emails found by the Verge in Sony's hacked data show that the company and other Hollywood execs were planning to attack Google, gathering a $500,000 fund for legal action against the corporation.
READ MORE: Google ‘halted anti-piracy co-op' after MPAA snarked at its anti-torrent crusade
A series of emails by one of the MPAA's (the Motion Picture Association of America) top lawyers, Steven Fabrizio, and six major Hollywood studios - Universal, Sony, Fox, Paramount, Warner Bros., and Disney – indicate they have teamed up against “Goliath”, their adversary in the online piracy battle.
The plan, started in January, involved major studios donating money to a special $500,000 annual legal support fund. The executives debated legal and technically advanced tools to block pirated content.
Top Hollywood bosses talk about “the problems created by Goliath” and the need to "respond to/rebut Goliath's public advocacy" and "amplify negative Goliath news."
This comes despite Google adopting new anti-piracy measures, with the latest taken in October.
It should be noted that the word ‘Google' is rarely mentioned in the letters. However, one of the emails comes with a telling attachment titled "Search Engine Piracy Discussion (MPAA Discussion)." Several emails also contain references to copyright infringement found with Google, the Verge reports.
Along with major financial contributions, Hollywood bosses were attempting to involve attorney generals in the idea: at least one, Jim Hood, was apparently linked to the project.
There is an investigative side to the battle with “Goliath”: among the emails, there is a proposed project called Keystone, with a $70,000 budget aimed at gathering enough evidence against “Goliath” to launch legal action against the corporation.
Plus, Comcast, the owner of NBC Universal, reportedly employed specialists to detect pirated traffic in transit and ways to block the content.
Hollywood executives were in for a long fight, the emails suggested. "To take this through and have a reasonable chance of success, we probably would need to continue through year two," one of the letters reads.
After the failure of SOPA in 2012, it appeared the studios feared the public's reaction to the site-blocking tactics.
"In the post-SOPA world, we need to consider the extent to which a strategy presents a risk of a public-relations backlash," Fabrizio wrote in one of the emails.
Neither MPAA nor Sony officials have answered requests for comments so far, according to the Verge.
Apple TV is fantastic for playing games or viewing media. When it comes to text entry, the set-top box falls short. Next time you log into an app on your TV, it may be with Facebook.
Today, Facebook made an SDK available for Apple TV apps, meaning developers can allow users to authenticate themselves via a social log-in. The tvOS SDK is roughly the same framework as its iOS counterpart, making it fairly easy to implement, but uses Apple TV's process of forcing you have to visit a website to verify your initial session.
In addition to log-in, the SDK could let users share info like high scores in games to Facebook. Developers can also tap into Facebook's analytics tools for tvOS apps.
Facebook is saddling the new tvOS SDK with a ‘beta' tag, but it's widely available to anyone who wants to use it.
➤ Facebook SDK for tvOS Now Available [Facebook]
Read next: Mozilla says it will thrive without Google's money
An Israeli soldier has been sentenced to one week's incarceration after he criticised the army's treatment of Palestinians in a TV debate in Jerusalem
Cpl. Shachar Berrin, 19, who serves as a combat soldier in the Jordan Valley, made the comments in a Q&A session of Deutsche Welle's “The New Arab Debates” series, chaired by the former BBC HardTalk presenter Tim Sebastian.
In the show that was broadcast last week, Mr Berrin commented in favour of the tabled motion that 'The occupation is destroying Israel'.
“I personally serve in the Jordan Valley, and we can see it every day how soldiers talk about what they're doing, how they act, how they look at these people not as other human beings, not as someone who is equal, but as someone who is less than them”, said Mr Berrin.
When asked to give a personal example, Mr Berrin cited the comments of a colleague.
“Just the other week, when some border police soldiers were rough with some Christian tourists, another soldier of mine, a colleague, said she couldn't believe what they were doing: 'Come on, they are people, not Palestinians.' And that, I think, resonates throughout much of the soldiers in the occupied territories.”
Mr Berrin warned that these attitudes affect Israeli society, citing the recent scandal over a policeman caught on camera beating up an Ethiopian Israeli soldier in uniform - an event which caused violent mass riots in Tel Aviv only a few weeks ago.
“I think that once you are conditioned to think something, you bring it back with you and that it deeply affects Israeli society and causes it, as our president says, to be more racist”, said Mr Berrin.
In response, Danny Dayan, the former foreign envoy of the pro-settlements Yesha Council, accused Mr Berrin of being “a liar”, and challenged him to produce “one example in which a [commanding officer] gave him an order to treat Palestinians inhumanely.”
“The Israeli military has very strict disciplinary laws”, said Mr Dayan, adding that if it emerged that a commanding officer gave such orders, “he will be court marshalled”.
Less than 12 hours after he made the statement, Mr Berrin was summoned back to his military base, where he faced a military trial and conviction - even before the programme went on air, Israeli daily Haaretz reported.
The IDF said that “the soldier was tried for expressing himself in the media without authority or permission, as called for by army orders.”
It's a beautiful world: why are our natural landscapes so valuable to society?
The importance of beauty in the environments we live in will be discussed by one of the UK's leading environmental and conservation champions in the latest instalment of the University of Lincoln's Great Minds lecture series.Dame Fiona Reynolds DBE, Master of Emmanuel College and former Director General of the National Trust, will use the talk to highlight how the preservation of beauty has been championed for centuries - from the poet Wordsworth's fight to protect the Lake District from urban development, to post-World War II efforts to rebuild Britain.Drawing on these stories and her own experiences as a lifelong campaigner for beauty, Dame Fiona will argue that the tensions caused by industrialisation, urbanisation and the commercialisation of farming and forestry can be addressed through a renewed appreciation of beauty.Her talk, The Fight for Beauty, will take place on 23rd February 2016 at 5.30pm on the University of Lincoln's main Brayford Pool Campus. The lecture will be followed by a Q&A session with members of the audience. Admission is free but booking is essential. Priority will be given to groups from UK schools and colleges.Dame Fiona said: “In a world where it too often seems only the economy matters, we risk forgetting how important beauty is to our lives. It's a word rarely used in official language today, yet beauty has mattered enough for people to fight for it and for governments to respond in the past.“I'm passionate about beauty and have spent most of my life fighting for it. I'm looking forward to sharing my ideas about why beauty matters, and how it can help us all find a better future.”Dame Fiona served as Director General of the National Trust from 2001 to 2012, and is currently Master of Emmanuel College at the University of Cambridge, and Chair of the Cathedrals Fabric Commission for England (CFCE). She also sits on the BBC Executive Board, is a non-executive director of Wessex Water, and Chair of the charity Green Alliance.Dame Fiona previously held the posts of Director of the Women's Unit in the Cabinet Office, Director of the Council for the Protection of Rural England, and Secretary to the Council for National Parks. Before being honoured with the Dame Commander (DBE) in 2008, she was awarded a CBE for services to the environment and conservation in 1998.She joins the ranks of other notable names to have already spoken at this year's Great Minds series, including naturalist and broadcaster Chris Packham, TV presenter Jason Bradbury, Speaker of the House, the Right Honourable John Bercow MP, and crime writer Ann Cleeves.Upcoming speakers include archaeologist Professor Carenza Lewis and engineer Abbie Hutty, who is working on Europe's first Rover mission to Mars, the ExoMars Rover project.To book a place at a Great Minds guest lecture, visit www.lincoln.ac.uk/events or email events@lincoln.ac.uk.
WaPo has a weird story reporting, erroneously, that Donald Trump has no US Attorneys.
Attorney General Jeff Sessions is making aggressive law enforcement a top priority, directing his federal prosecutors across the country to crack down on illegal immigrants and “use every tool” they have to go after violent criminals and drug traffickers. But the attorney general does not have a single U.S. attorney in place to lead his tough-on-crime efforts across the country. Last month, Sessions abruptly told the dozens of remaining Obama administration U.S. attorneys to submit their resignations immediately — and none of them, or the 47 who had already left, have been replaced. “We really need to work hard at that,” Sessions said when asked Tuesday about the vacancies as he opened a meeting with federal law enforcement officials. The 93 unfilled U.S. attorney positions are among the hundreds of critical Trump administration jobs that remain open.
While it is true that Trump had Sessions ask for the remaining 93 US Attorneys' resignations, he subsequently announced he was keeping Rod Rosenstein (who is a contrary to WaPo's claim that he “served as U.S. attorney for Maryland” is still there, and who will become Deputy Attorney General as soon as he's confirmed in the next few weeks) and Dana Boente (who is US Attorney for EDVA but also acting AG for the Russia investigation).
Both Boente and Rosenstein made press announcements today; the guys whose custody they announced probably would prefer if they weren't on the job.
I guess the WaPo wanted to suck up to Jeff Sessions and so didn't consider the possibility that we're better off with 91 US Attorney vacancies than 91 racist hacks like Sessions, pushing through his regressive policies.
Anyway, since we've established that Boente still has a job and in fact oversees the Russia investigation, I thought I'd point out something I was considering during last week's threats from CIA Director Mike Pompeo against WikiLeaks.
During Pompeo's comments at CSIS last week, he said,
Julian Assange and his kind are not the slightest bit interested in improving civil liberties or enhancing personal freedom. They have pretended that America's First Amendment freedoms shield them from justice. They may have believed that, but they are wrong. [snip] [W]e have to recognize that we can no longer allow Assange and his colleagues the latitude to use free speech values against us. To give them the space to crush us with misappropriated secrets is a perversion of what our great Constitution stands for. It ends now.
As some people observed, Pompeo's comments are inconsistent with the practice of Obama's DOJ, particularly under Holder. While Holder would have happily prosecuted Julian Assange for his role in release of files leaked by Chelsea Manning, he realized that if he did, he'd be criminalizing stuff that the press does.
Pompeo, at least, seems to disagree.
And the reason why Boente's continued tenure as Eastern District US Attorney — and his role overseeing the Russian investigation — is that he has also been overseeing the ongoing investigation into Wikileaks since 2013.
Consider the fact that Assange's actions of late may be more incriminating than those involving Manning (even assuming Assange can credibly claim he has no way of knowing whether Russia is responsible for the DNC hack, Assange's comments about both the DNC and the Vault 7 leak suggest more coordination than in the past). Then add in the fact that Boente, for the next few weeks anyway, might be able to claim to be both US Attorney and Acting AG on any role by WikiLeaks in the publication of the DNC emails. And it raises the possibility that Boente would use this window to indict Assange.
I think that's unlikely. Moreover, while an indictment would give the US reason to pressure Ecuador even more to boot Assange, it's not clear they would. But it's possible.
The Trade Followers momentum indicators for the S&P 500 Index (SPX) confirmed lower prices this week, but as I mentioned Thursday morning the indicators were at levels that suggested a bounce. Now that the market is rising it is important to watch the nature of the bounce. A bounce that carries Twitter and StockTwits momentum above their confirming downtrend line would be the first sign that many market participants believe SPX can return to all-time highs. A higher low in momentum that is more than three weeks from today will confirm higher prices are much more likely.
I mentioned when the market became volatile in mid September that finance and health care stocks were holding up. Those sectors continue to hold support on Twitter and have been joined by technology over the past two weeks. If the market is going to rally into the end of the year it will need the strength of these sectors. As a result, their performance is the most important thing to watch over the next several weeks. If finance, technology, and health care stocks begin to fail it will warn of a larger correction in progress.
Breadth from both Twitter and StockTwits continues to trickle downward. The major reason is an increase in the number of bearish stocks. The market is starting to be sharply divided between strong and weak stocks. This suggests that traders are confident in short positions. The longer this situation lasts the closer we are to a top.
From a price perspective, traders aren't showing confidence. There are virtually no tweets for higher price on SPX. That leaves the previous support level of 1980 as the first resistance line. 2010 and 2020 are the next levels of resistance. Support is at 1955 and 1905. A break of the range between 1955 and 1980 will most likely point the next market direction.
Sector strength over the past week is showing much the same as individual stocks over the past two weeks with technology and financials leading. However, health care showed strong bearishness this week. As mentioned above, keep an eye on these three sectors for clues to the next market direction.
Social media is giving some conflicting signals. 7 Day momentum has confirmed the downtrend and traders aren't calling for higher prices. At the same time strong support for finance and technology stocks give the market a chance to run to new highs. If SPX can climb above (and hold) its first resistance level of 1980 with support from leading sectors new highs should be ahead.
Image caption Syrian troops are consolidating their hold on north-western villages near Turkey
Rival rallies have been held in Aleppo, Syria's second city, as troops continue their assault in nearby north-western villages, activists say.
Around 1,000 anti-government protesters gathered in at least two locations, but activists said they were beaten and dispersed by pro-government "thugs".
Although small, the protests indicate growing dissent in Syria's second city, which has so far been immune to unrest.
Meanwhile, President Bashar al-Assad's supporters rallied in the city square.
Syria has been rocked by three months of anti-government protests which pose the greatest challenge to four decades of authoritarian rule by President Assad's Baath party.
The Syrian authorities have responded with overwhelming military force that has drawn criticism from Western governments.
According to human rights groups, some 1,700 people - civilians and soldiers - have been killed and tens of thousands more injured or arrested. An estimated 10,000 people have fled to Turkey, where they remain in refugee camps.
Border assault
On Thursday, Syrian army forces spread through the mountain villages in Idlib province, near the Turkish border area.
Protests across the country are still being met by unacceptable violence from the regime William Hague, British Foreign Secretary
Activists said 19 people had been killed in the past two days in the Jabal al-Zawiya area. The reports are difficult to verify because most foreign journalists are barred from the country.
The action by Syrian troops appeared to be aimed at preventing residents from fleeing to Turkey, activists told the AP news agency.
"[The authorities] fear there will be sympathy for the people who are fleeing, and they are frightened that this will cause international pressure to mount on the regime," Mustafa Osso, a prominent Syrian-based human rights activist, told AP.
French Foreign Minister Alain Juppe is due to meet his Russian counterpart later this week to discuss the situation.
Western countries hope to convince Moscow to back a UN resolution condemning Syria.
The US treasury department said on Wednesday it was imposing sanctions against Syria's security forces for human rights abuses and against Iran for supporting them.
President Assad and six top aides already face US sanctions. The president is also on a list of 23 figures subject to an assets freeze and an EU travel ban.
Introducing Lisky
Command Line Tool
Lisk Blocked Unblock Follow Aug 10, 2017
Today we are launching our new command line tool, Lisky. Lisky aims to be a low entry point and the most convenient tool for developers who are looking for an efficient way of coding with the Command Line Interface (CLI). With Lisky, it is easier and quicker to plugin new commands in the CLI than building a Guided User Interface (GUI) around every command. This will facilitate delegates, node operators, contributors to the Lisk codebase, developers using Lisk's infrastructure, and anyone else who's interested to make use of Lisk's functionality from the command line with ease.
Lisky 0.1.0 — First release
Since the early releases of Lisk Core, we've been working on separating logical components of functionality into distinct packages. Lisky will allow you to communicate with a remote or local node and carry out Lisk-related functionality using an interactive or non-interactive command line tool. From today, you can use three commands:
get (to get information on accounts, addresses, blocks, delegates or transactions)
list (same as get, but more than one at a time)
set (to set configuration variables, e.g. to use the testnet or for json output)
Going forward we'll be adding more commands to provide a comprehensive suite for all your Lisk-related needs. We're already making progress with the next minor version, which will add commands for processing transactions, creating accounts and delegates among other things.
Lisky makes use of one of our other projects, lisk-js, and is built on Vorpal, which makes it easy to write commands as plugins. If you'd like to see a command added to Lisky, let us know — or better yet, write it yourself and submit a pull request!
Installation instructions and further details can be found in the GitHub repository and on our documentation site.
The World's Largest FX Exchange Hopes to Tame Bitcoin Volatility
The Chicago Mercantile Exchange & Chicago Board of Trade otherwise known as CME Group announced its bitcoin futures specs this week. Alongside this, the Chairman Emeritus of CME Group, Leo Melamed, told press bitcoin is set to become a new asset class.
Also Read: Bitspark Receives Investment From Fortune 500 Company
CME Group Reveals Specs for Bitcoin Futures Contracts
Last week news.Bitcoin.com reported on the world's largest options and futures exchange CME Group launching its bitcoin-based futures before the end of the year. Now the company has released the BTC futures specs giving more details to how the fund will be traded. Contract specifications include a contract unit of five bitcoin defined by the CME CF Bitcoin Reference Rate (BRR). Product codes will be called “BTC BTIC: BTB” and trade alongside other options during the CME Globex and CME ClearPort trading hours.
“Trading in expiring futures terminates at 4:00 p.m. London time on last day of trading. Position limits and spot position limits are set at 1,000 contracts,” explains CME's bitcoin futures specs. “A position accountability level of 5,000 contracts will be applied to positions in single months outside the spot month and in all months combined — The reportable level will be 25 contracts.”
Investors will probably be interested in hearing about CME Group's plans to create limits for bitcoin price fluctuations. According to the Wall Street Journal, the publication has seen documents that detail thresholds will initiate when the value of its bitcoin futures change by 7%, 13%, and 20%. “The first two thresholds for 7% and 13% moves are for “soft” limits, which could potentially trigger a two-minute pause in trading of bitcoin futures,” a person familiar with the matter explains.
The 20% limit is a “hard” cap on how far CME's bitcoin futures could swing on any day.
Examining the Change Bitcoin Represents
On the same day CME released its futures specs, the 85-year old Chairman Emeritus of CME Group, Leo Melamed, told Reuters bitcoin is becoming a “new asset class.” Melamed believes a large swathe of mainstream investors will be getting involved in bitcoin futures and even “tame” the decentralized currency's markets.
“That's a very important step for bitcoin's history — We will regulate, make bitcoin not wild, nor wilder,” Melamed explains.
We'll tame it into a regular type instrument of trade with rules.
The CME executive said at first he wasn't convinced bitcoin had unique qualities, but it reminds him of when he helped launch the International Monetary Market currency futures trading back in 1972.
“The world in the 1970s didn't look at currency trading as a valid instrument of finance. I too went from not believing in bitcoin to wanting to know more,” Melamed notes.
My whole life is built around new technology — I never said no to technology — People who say no to technology are soon dead. I'm still that same guy who believes in at least examining change, and that's what bitcoin represents.
CME Group's Rivals Eye $1.6B in Revenue Opportunities
CME Group's bitcoin futures markets will follow Ledger X's lead as the firm just recently started swapping millions worth of bitcoin options. Additionally, the Chicago Board Options Exchange (Cboe) is preparing to jump in on bitcoin futures trading as well as the firm is eyeing the $1.6B in revenue opportunities. CME Group's rival exchange, Cboe, has made an exclusive partnership with the bitcoin trading platform Gemini to capitalize on its bitcoin options markets.
What do you think about CME Group's upcoming futures markets? What do you think about the statements made by the CME executive Leo Melamed? Let us know what you think in the comments below.
Images via CME Group's trading floor, CME Group, and its affiliated logo.
Need to calculate your bitcoin holdings? Check our tools section.
The Exchange Brewery now open in Niagara-on-the-Lake
Niagara-on-the-Lake – The Exchange Brewery, located at 7 Queen St, is slated to open this Friday, January 22, 2016 at 11am, according to Niagara This Week,
The brewery, first mentioned in 2013, is spearheaded by local and homebrewer Robin Ridesic and features a ~11 hectoltire brewhouse with tasting bar and retail store. They plan to maintain a focus primarily on sour beer and other creative styles, according to Ridesic.
The name, The Exhance Brewery, is a tribute to the building's history – once a telephone exchange during the early 1900s.
According to Niagara This Week, the site includes five 20-barrel fermenters, three brite tanks, eight 1,000-litre serving tanks, two 1,100-litre large oak barrels and its tasting room fits 100 patrons.
Launch beers include a session saison, witbier, and IPA.
Police brutality against blacks, especially black males, is a nationwide crisis. Newspapers from Philadelphia to New Orleans to New York have decried out-of-control cops routinely arresting, beating and even killing innocent blacks for weak, implausible or trumped-up reasons. In 2012 police, security guards, and vigilantes killed a black man every 28 hours in the U.S., according to the Malcolm X Grassroots Movement.
Remember Abner Louima, raped by policemen who arrested him based on charges that were later dropped? Amadou Diallo, shot to death for pulling out his wallet? Sean Bell, killed on his way out of his own bachelor party?
Miami cops have given us a brand-new example of police violence against black males: 14-year-old Tremaine McMillan. (This is why I write “black males” and not “black men” — youth are in no way exempt from police beatings.)
Police threw McMillan to the ground and choked him with, at best, very little reason. Even the six-week-old puppy in the boy's arms got hurt, despite being white.
The police officers said they took McMillan down for giving them “dehumanizing stares” and “clenching his fists.” (Pause a moment to consider the irony of two white adults complaining because a black boy gave them a dehumanizing stare.)
They say they first noticed him because he was roughhousing. They told him that behavior was unacceptable and asked where his mother was. He walked away.
After that, the cops say, they chased him in ATVs. When they caught him he tried “to pull his arm away, stating, ‘Man, don't touch me like I did something,'” Alternet reports.
“Of course we have to neutralize the threat in front of us,” a Miami police detective said. But McMillan and witnesses say there was no threat to neutralize.
According to them, the youth was playing on the beach with friends. He says he walked away from the cops to take them to his mother and that he was feeding his puppy from a baby bottle, which occupied both his hands, precluding any clenching of fists.
It was when the officers slammed McMillan to the ground that his puppy, Polo, “got hurt and bruised his front paw… It makes me feel sad,” he said.
The video above shows that once McMillan was down, one officer choked him while the other took his time handcuffing him. McMillan says that he couldn't breathe for so long that he urinated on himself.
McMillan's mother, who made the video above with her cell phone, said “I ran over there and said, ‘That's my son, that's my son. Can you get off of him? He can't breathe.'”
On July 16th McMillan will have to stand trial on charges of resisting arrest and disorderly conduct. He pleaded not guilty.
It's hard to disagree with that he was not guilty. Even if everything the police officers said is true — he was roughhousing with another youth, walked away after they spoke to him, clenched his fists, and looked at them funny — he didn't do anything that merited a violent arrest. If a white 14-year-old were thrown around, choked, and cuffed, I suspect the officers would find themselves on “administrative leave” and any charges against the boy would be dropped.
Photo credit: CBS/Channel 4, Miami
I don't like the monarchy. I don't like the crockery plastered with their smug faces, I don't like the Queen's limp handshake that I have to watch on repeat whenever the news is on, and I certainly don't like the hereditary leadership that epitomises everything that is wrong with the class system in Britain.
As the Queen gets older and we once again begin to get excited over a family we've arbitrarily deemed to be important, our tolerance of the royals never ceases to amaze me. Slowly but surely, as the family have become immersed in pop culture (Pippa's bottom! Face Swap the Queen!) their presence as an insult to all modern democratic principles has been carefully hidden. It's peak Britishness – we let them exist alongside the other things we find a bit annoying but don't do anything about. What should warrant serious political anger is treated like a drizzle at a barbecue: it would be better if it wasn't there, but hey, we still get our sausages.
Why are we not more outraged? Why do we all sit back and celebrate their lives without a good, old-fashioned riot? The mainstream press glorifies their existence and very rarely do I hear an outcry from my left-wing contemporaries when it comes to this travesty against social mobility that the royals embody. They have become so subsumed into contemporary British culture we've forgotten to get angry. Every coin we exchange, every note we use, every stamp we lick – there she is, the stoic face of our leader staring up at us. Have we just stopped caring because we've become so pacified to her presence? They've been hiding in plain sight, swaying policy in their favour and leeching money from a thinly-stretched state for years.
Failed hitherto for to call yourself a republican or muster some anger? Just take a moment and think about who pays for them. We do. We pay them for doing nothing. Think of every emotional breakdown you've experienced trying to make ends meet, every rent bill you might have had to fight to pay, and then think to the royal family, who because they were born at a certain time to a certain family, will never, ever have to face that struggle. Because they get free money. From us. The total cost of the monarchy per year comes to about £334m – around the same as 15,000 new nurses. We could use the money to help our increasingly-privatised NHS. We could re-fund the Citizens' Advice Bureau so more non-English speaking migrants could get legal help. We could go back to having a welfare system that offers some semblance of support. It's not the solution to all financial issues, sure, but it's a true irony that under a Tory government that justifies harsh welfare cuts using the mantra “you don't get something for nothing,” the royals very much get something for nothing. And don't tell me they're good for our tourism. Chester Zoo is a more profitable tourist attraction than Windsor Castle (their most profitable residence) – and last time I checked a zoo didn't squander public funds.
To stand up and be proud of our monarchy is to stand up and revel in unfairness. It is to celebrate the fact that in Britain, because you are related to a certain person and part of a certain lineage, you deserve a better life at the expense of others. It's an archaic system that exemplifies Britain's historic issues with wealth, class and privilege, and every time we celebrate them we buy into this myth that the royals are an untouchable truth of British culture. We need to call this out for what it is and what it has always been: an elitist institution exploiting the political system and abusing public funds, all premised on some notion of tradition and heritage. It's absurd.
So long hail our glorious leader on this pleasant day. Praise be to the Queen, and many happy returns. Let's hope she gets all the hats and daffodils she desires.
UNIONDALE, N.Y. — Pat LaFontaine has always been a popular Islander, though in recent years he has not been seen much at Nassau Coliseum.
Since he left the franchise during the turbulent summer of 2006, after the abrupt departure of Neil Smith as general manager, LaFontaine, the team's gregarious former center, has primarily concentrated on his charity work and, more recently, working for the N.H.L. as vice president for hockey development and community affairs after a brief job as an executive with the Buffalo Sabres.
Before the Islanders leave for Barclays Center, however, LaFontaine will finally return to Nassau Coliseum, which he called home from 1984 to 1991. A Hall of Famer, he was happy to be invited back by the team owner Charles B. Wang and General Manager Garth Snow to greet fans and be recognized on the ice before Tuesday's game against the Minnesota Wild.
“I haven't been in the building for a long time, so I'm excited to see it again,” LaFontaine, 50, said. “I cherish those times and the players I played with. And the Islander fans have always been great. I'm honored to come back to where it all started for me.”
The Conservative Party has admitted that a key manifesto commitment to provide breakfasts for every primary school pupil in England could cost far more than the £60 million initially promised.
In a second embarrassing U-turn for the party following the debacle over its social care plans, the Conservatives now say the costs of providing breakfasts “will vary depending on how many pupils at any given school take up this offer”.
The party said in an official statement the night before its manifesto launch last week that the policy would cost £60 million, but is now refusing to confirm the figure, leaving the policy uncosted, and prompting questions about its affordability.
It comes after Schools Week analysis revealed the party's original costings would mean giving schools the equivalent of less than 7p per pupil to pay for breakfasts.
Education Datalab analysis shows that if only half of pupils take up free breakfasts at a cost of 25p each, the likely cost of the policy would be more than £400 million.
The u-turn calls into question the party's ability to deliver on its promise to pump extra general revenue funding into schools.
The Conservatives pledged last week to increase the school budget by £4 billion in real-terms over the next parliament.
But it said the extra £1 billion a year needed to do so would be found through savings, including taking £650 million from the scrapped free lunches for infants.
The additional money is supposed to provide protection for schools against rising costs and ensure no schools lose out as a result of the new national funding formula.
However, if the cost of breakfast clubs spirals, there is no guarantee schools won't be forced to use some or all of the additional funding received under the Conservatives' plans to fund them.
A Conservative spokesperson confirmed the party will “ensure that all primary schools can offer a free school breakfast to every child in every year of primary school”, adding that evidence shows this is “a cost-effective way to improve education and health results for pupils”.
“The costs will vary depending on how many pupils at any given school take up this offer,” the spokesperson added.
Save
Save
Save
Eric Stonestreet with his Modern Family co-star Sofía Vergara
Photo by Christopher Polk/Getty Images for FOX
The tired old debate about whether gay actors can convincingly play straight characters comes around more frequently than military-inspired fashion collections. In 2010, Newsweek's Ramin Setoodeh declared that out actors like Sean Hayes and Jonathan Groff were too obviously homosexual to persuade audiences that they were hot for their female co-stars. Then last year, Bret Easton Ellis turned casting director for the Fifty Shades of Grey movie when he tweeted that “Matt Bomer isn't right for Christian Grey because he is openly gay.”
Last night on The Arsenio Hall Show, Eric Stonestreet, who plays Modern Family's queeny Cam, talked about the other side of that coin: What it's like to be a straight actor in a flamboyantly gay role. Mostly, it seems, it's a little dispiriting. When people meet Stonestreet, they're disappointed that he doesn't have the sass and the high-pitched squeal of his TV alter ego.
WASHINGTON — With guns emerging as a major flash point in the presidential race and campaigns nationwide, gun-control advocates are spending tens of millions of dollars on a central message: Stronger firearms laws can reduce gun violence.
Although the National Rifle Association has long rejected that assertion, a growing body of evidence from academics, advocacy groups and others supports the link between gun restrictions and a reduction in violence.
The latest analysis comes out Wednesday from the Center for American Progress, a leading liberal group that supports toughened gun control. It concludes that gun fatalities in states with weaker laws are more than three times as high as in those states with tougher restrictions, including background checks or permits.
Gun control has traditionally been a radioactive political issue in America. But voters in four states with gun measures on the ballot — California, Maine, Nevada and Washington — appear likely to approve toughened restrictions next month, and the gun debate is playing out in dozens of congressional campaigns as well.
The Low Down Dirty Motherfuckers Manifesto's Blurbs
About me:
“The Low Down Dirty Motherfuckers Manifesto” is a planned cross-country road trip scheduled for the summer of 2009. It will be, in essence, a coming of age journey documented in video, photography and words. The culmination of these efforts will be a documentary and a book sharing the same title. Heading this trip will be Cody Weber and Terroja Kincaid, otherwise known as saturninefilms and TheAmazingAtheist on YouTube. The goal is to visit small-town USA and big-city USA alike, contrasting and opposing what is constructed as beauty in this country. We plan to live as recklessly as possible, doing everything we can to excess and causing as much chaos as we can. More than likely, we will spend time in both jail and hospitals. Cody Weber and Terroja Kincaid will author a book together documenting their experiences and how they perceive the trip. They will not show each other their efforts until the book is ready for release. Cody Weber will also be making a documentary of the trip, shooting on a Canon HV-30. There will be photographs, too.
Who Is Terroja?
Who Is Cody?
By the end of this trip, they won't be either of these people anymore.
How will the book be written?
"As I went further and further down the list I discovered samurai codes of honor, honor killings and other specific examples of honor—but mostly I waded through the endless litany of fluff surrounding the word. After about an hour of research and a number of days spent in contemplation, I drew this conclusion: honor is nothing more than strict adherence to a completely arbitrary code of conduct." - Excerpt from "In Defense of Evil" by Terroja Kincaid
"A collection of finely crafted insults come rolling out of the freshly brushed, though rotted, teeth of American culture. Dictating the clothes you wear, the hair color that suits your face, and the philosophies that will eventually form the lines around your beady, hollow, little eyes. You are not good enough." - Excerpt from "How to Fail at Life" by Cody Weber
How will the documentary be produced?
1.If you would like to extend a place for us to crash, send us a message here. The deadline to offer will be sometime around March.
2.You can buy “In Defense of Evil” by Terroja Kincaid. Details below.
3.You can buy “How to Fail at Life” or “Imperfect” by Cody Weber. Details below.
4.Donate! Any kind of help is appreciated. A dollar would buy a sandwich. Spare change will pay for gas. Any kind of help is greatly appreciated. Make sure you include your name so we can give you a proper thank-you.
Who I'd like to meet:
To Donate:
NOTE (3 April): Two days later, Durov un-resigned. The plot thickens…
Pavel Durov, the founder of the Russian social network VKontakte, or VK, has resigned as chief executive after a seven-year tenure, claiming he was no longer able to defend the network's founding principles.
Advertisement
Durov‘s departure was not unexpected — at the end of January, he sold his remaining stake in VK after a surreal chain of events in 2013.
Having already given the finger to Russia's authorities over censorship requests in 2011, Durov was accused of driving over a traffic cop's foot. VK's offices were raided and Durov disappeared for a few months. Around the time of the raid, in April 2013, two of his founders sold 48 percent of VK to United Capital Partners (UCP), a fund run by Ilya Sherbovich, an ally of Russian President Vladimir Putin and board member at state oil company Rosneft.
Durov sold his 12 percent stake in VK, estimated at a value of $420 million, to MegaFon chief Ivan Tavrin. Megafon is co-owned by Russia's richest oligarch, Putin ally Alisher Usmanov. The remaining 40 percent of VK belonged to the Mail.ru group, co-owned by … Alisher Usmanov. Then Tavrin sold the 12 percent stake to Mail.ru, consolidating Usmanov's control over VK.
In other words, VK, the site that once resisted Kremlin censorship, is now significantly more Kremlin-friendly. On top of all this, UCP clashed with Durov, accusing him of misusing company resources to launch the Berlin-based secure messaging firm that he funds, Telegram.
When Durov gave up his stake in January, he insisted that he was “not going anywhere and will continue to watch over the quality of VKontakte.”
However, in a VK post (in Russian) on Tuesday, Durov said he was leaving the top spot because, in the wake of the Sherbovich sale, “it has become increasingly complicated to stick to the principles we once founded our social site upon.” He wasn't much more specific than that, other than to say he would hang around in some capacity as VK's founder, but he wouldn't hold a formal position any longer.
According to TechCrunch, Durov had been under pressure to nix the VK pages of Russian dissident Alexei Navalny and his supporters. Navalny's LiveJournal blog was banned in March as part of a wider crackdown on independent media.
This picture accompanied Durov's post:
This article was updated at 10am PT to note the apparent link between Durov's resignation and new state censorship requests.
The New York Times ran a TV commercial during the Oscars tonight, its first since 2010. Its last ad was a celebration of the venerable newspaper's coverage of all the exciting happenings in New York—a beat that, after 150 years, the Times had really gotten the hang of. Tonight's spot was noticeably dourer, but no less reflective of its time: “The Truth Is Hard” offers a stark, black-and-white text spelling out phrases like “The truth is our nation is more divided than ever,” “The truth is alternative facts are lies,” “The truth is a woman should dress like a woman,” and so on, as a chorus of voices reads them aloud, eventually turning into a yammering chorus evoking the ongoing social media argument in our head. Think Van Halen's video for “Right Now,” only a little more unsettling.
Of course, these days The Times has good reason to be taking out ads proclaiming that it tells the truth, as crazy as that sounds. That reason already tweeted about it earlier this morning.
Advertisement
Enjoy what is quite possibly the final ad you will ever see for The New York Times—or a newspaper, or words.
Why India celebrates Engineers Day on the birth anniversary of M. Visvesvaraya
The father of Indian engineering 1 / 6 YouTube The Engineering Community across India celebrates Engineers Day on 15 September every year as a tribute to the greatest Indian Engineer Bharat Ratna Mokshagundam Visvesvaraya. "Role of Engineers in a devolping India" is the theme of Engineers Day 2017. India's greatest civil engineer 2 / 6 YouTube Mokshagundam Visvesvaraya was born on 15 September, 1861, near Chikkaballapur in South Karnataka. He went on to become India's most prolific civil engineer, dam builder, economist, statesman, and can be counted among the last century's foremost nation-builders. Hyderabad's saviour 3 / 6 Facebook M. Visvesvaraya was also the Diwan of Mysore from 1912 to 1918. He was the chief engineer responsible for the construction of the Krishna Raja Sagara Dam in Mysore as well as as the chief designer of the flood protection system for the city of Hyderabad. Inventor of the Block System 4 / 6 Facebook Known world over for his contribution to harnessing water resources, Visvesvaraya was, among other things, responsible for the building and consolidation of dams across the country. He is also credited with inventing the Block System -- automated doors that close in the conditions of overflow. Bharat Ratna with a British knighthood 5 / 6 YouTube Due to his outstanding contribution to the society, Government of India conferred 'Bharat Ratna' on this legend in the year 1955." He was also awarded the British knighthood by King George V, and hence has the honorific "sir". Remembering the legend 6 / 6 YouTube Several collges including the Visvesvaraya Technological University in Belagavi has been named after him.
Former President Dr. APJ Abdul Kalam once said "Some of the brightest minds in the country can be found on the last benches of the classroom". READ MORE: india |Engineers Day
Earlier this year a veteran New York political operator named Hank Morris got served with a 123-count indictment alleging he masterminded a brazen scheme to sell investments from the New York state pension fund $35 million or so in kickbacks.
Today New York reports that the case has politically-connected New York money types wondering, "Did one of their tribe, enamored of his own cleverness, cross the line?"
You heard that right, folks. The case does not have politically-connected New York money types asking: "Gosh, how many billions of dollars do you think this guy's magnificent dearth of ethics cost state employees?"
Nor does it have anyone asking, "Is it possible to have a political party that isn't so hopelessly beholden to big finance that it willingly whores out the retirement funds of its voters members so that the superrich might become even richer?"
What people want to know about the Hank Morris is whether he crossed the line. To put it differently, their reaction is to think about the alleged crook's mentality rather than the potential costs to those who might have been injured by the corruption. It's totally self-centered, as if they were saying, "There but for the grace of God go I."
Morris was a longtime campaign fundraiser and political adviser who, as soon as his friend Alan Hevesi won the state comptroller election, (allegedly) set into place a scheme by which the $150 billion state pension fund would not make an investment unless he received at least a 1% cut of the deal. The cost to public employees is not yet known, but surely these folks deserve some consideration.
Image source: rgbstock / johnnyberg
Eating Greens and How It Affects Immune Health
My mother always used to tell me “eat your greens, they're good for you!” It turns out, mother was more right than she could possibly know.
Eating one's greens may be even more crucial for immune health than we previously thought, according to recent research which has discovered that an immune cell population essential for intestinal health may be controlled by leafy greens in the diet.
The immune cells, termed innate lymphoid cells (“ILCs”), are located in the lining of the digestive tract. They were discovered in 2013 by researchers at the Walter and Eliza Hall Institute of Molecular Research in Australia. [1]
Let me back-track a bit. Science has, for many years, divided the immune system into two types: innate and adaptive. Innate immunity is present at birth and does not require prior exposure to protect you against pathogens. Adaptive immunity only develops when you have been exposed to a pathogen, for instance chickenpox. Once exposed to a pathogen, your immune cells are able to recognize the invader and mount a defense against it. Adaptive immunity provides the SWAT team that identifies an invading enemy and makes the specific weapons (known as antibodies) needed to destroy it. The fascinating thing about ILCs is that they are neither innate nor adaptive, they sort of straddle the two.
ILCs include cells that have been known for decades, such as natural killer (NK) cells and lymphoid tissue-inducer (LTi) cells. NK cells are key in protecting us from cancer as they recognize a huge array of tumor cells and cancer stem cells and help to eliminate them through cytotoxicity and the production of cytokines. Other ILCs are found mainly in the mucosal lining of the gut and in other mucosal-associated lymphoid tissues, where they work hard to protect us from pathogens.
The 2013 research [2] discovered that a gene called T-bet is essential for producing these all-important ILCs. Going back to the subject of eating greens, they found that the gene responds to signals in the food we eat. They discovered that T-bet is the key gene that tells precursor cells to develop into ILCs. It does this in response to signals from the food we eat and to the presence of bacteria in the gut.
Here's how it works. Apparently proteins in green leafy and cruciferous vegetables interact with a cell surface receptor that switches on T-bet. Researchers think that the proteins in leafy greens may be part of the same signaling pathway used by T-bet to produce ILCs.
These researchers were excited about the discovery because it has been exceedingly difficult to isolate or produce ILCs. So finding out that something as simple as leafy greens and cruciferous vegetables in the diet can turn on the gene responsible for making ILCs is noteworthy. Without eating greens and without T-bet, the body becomes more susceptible to bacterial infections and other diseases.
Beyond their role in immunity, ILCs are also found in adipose (fat) tissue where they regulate thermogenesis and prevent inflammation that may lead to metabolic syndrome, obesity-related asthma and insulin resistance. [3]
Interestingly, while reading all the research as I prepared to write this article, I came across any number of web articles that boldly denied that diet had any role to play in bolstering immunity – despite the vast amount of research that's being published to the contrary. Some people live in an interesting land called DENIAL.
For more information on which foods help with immunity and fighting cancer, see my page Diet and Cancer.
References:
[1] Gene Discovery Reveals Importance of Eating Your Greens –
https://www.wehi.edu.au/news/gene-discovery-reveals-importance-eating-your-greens
[2] T-bet is essential for NKp46+ innate lymphocyte development through the Notch pathway –
https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC4076532/
[3] Innate lymphoid cells: A new paradigm in immunology – http://science.sciencemag.org/content/348/6237/aaa6566
GET MY BEST TIPS on healthy ways to beat breast cancer and prevent recurrences by signing up for my free e-newsletters and e-books on the right. You can also “like” me on Facebook (Marnie Clark, Breast Health Coach) to get my inspirational snippets, news and updates. I promise to do my utmost to keep you informed and empowered on your healing journey… and beyond.
Last week, events in Turkey and Iraq rocked the region and beyond in an unusual, startling way that should be seen as the new normal. A quick political shift in these two countries illustrates the moment. To be specific, both Ankara and Baghdad stepped into a new direction that is likely to affect Iran the most in terms of the Levantine strategic environment.
Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan saw Prime Minister Ahmed Davutoglu as an impediment to revamp the country's constitution to boost presidentialism. In addition, Erdoğan and Davutoglu didn't see eye to eye on other issues as a multi-million-dollar corruption scandal and the Kurdish issue, specifically the PKK, where the former sought a fist and the latter a flyswatter according to a Turkish interlocutor.
But at the heart of the matter was full control over the Justice and Development Party (AKP) where Davutoglu headed the part which was interfering with Erdoğan's legislative plans. The Turkish president's quest for absolute authority is now assured. While Ankara underwent a move towards power concentrated in the office of the Turkish presidency, Iraq's political system, established with the help of America in the early 2000s, literally fell apart.
Iraqi cleric Maqtada al-Sadr successfully set in motion a series of event culminating in the first ransacking of the coveted Green Zone.
After months of demonstrating for better water and power supplies now accompanied by protests against the corruption and lack of governance by the Baghdad government, al-Sadr's minions – and this is important – from all Iraqi social strata – made good on their promise to show their strength and resolve by occupying the Iraqi parliament building for three days. The sacred grounds of the Green Zone became occupied territory. The shock by observers was palpable.
Al-Sadr is no stranger to Iraqi politics as any astute observer knows. While the Iraqi cleric's acumen gave birth to the Mahdi Army espousing obviously Shiite rights and attacked and killed US forces, the Shiite cleric al-Sadr played the Baghdad power game with both Iraqi prime ministers, first Nuri Al-Maliki, and, second, Haidar al-Abadi.
Turkey's turn to presidentialism directly affects Ankara's foreign policy toward the Levant and ultimately Iran's interests Dr. Theodore Karasik
A famous violent inter-Iraqi sectarian spasm occurred in 2008, when al-Maliki launched the “Charge of the Knights” against al-Sadr's Mahdi Army in the city of Basra. ISIS's drive into Iraq almost two years ago also played a role in al-Sadr actions on the home front. It egged the cleric to take action through his militia network and to chastize Baghdad government for incompetence.
To be clear, al-Sadr is popular now because he is arguing that the al-Abadi government should appoint a non-sectarian government of technocrats. More salient is that al-Sadr approach is now receiving support for what is seen as his “Arab first” policy in Iraq. According to a GCC official, some GCC states want to encourage al-Sadr's “Arabism” by recalling the make-up of the Shiite cleric's minion. Interestingly, al-Sadr is playing a geographical game between Najaf and Qom based on ethnicity first: “For them, it is a first step to getting Iran out of Iraq's Arab business.”
Leader or politician?
The press loves to put al-Sadr in the Tehran camp given that the Shiite cleric has spent substantial amounts of time in the Islamic Republic. Sorry folks, not so fast and certainly not that easy. Al-Sadr is certainly responsible for murder and mayhem. But the interesting point is al-Sadr is not trying to be a religious leader but an Arab politician; the reaction of Shiite militias to al-Sadr's actions is without doubt proof. If true, that fact is breaking new ground. The question is whether al-Sadr's moves are a temporary manifestation or a caricature that will take on a reality of its own.
Turkey's turn to presidentialism directly affects Ankara's foreign policy toward the Levant and ultimately Iran's interests. With power concentrated in Erdoğan, the Turkish prime minister is most certainly moving aggressively in his vision of the Levant. This vision, where Turkey has a major say in Syria and Iraq's future, runs directly opposed to blatant Iranian interests to influence local politics and economics. Moreover, Ankara's new strategic and tactical relationship with the GCC states against Iranian designs just got a boost with Davutoglu's exist. The establishment of a Turkish military presence in Qatar is just a sample of Turkey's alignment with the GCC monarchies.
Iraq's parliamentary system is in shambles; al-Sadr made sure to shake things up. There are now new demands for action and the al-Abadi government is going to several rounds to correct the Iraqi dysfunction, greed, and corruption. Significantly, anti-Iranian chants were prominent during the Green Zone occupation and this element questions the ability for Tehran to keep its puppet strings active in Iraq and certainly, as time goes by Iran.
Tehran is certainly at a crossroads of its own between the pragmatists and the principalists despite the second round election held last week. Their infighting bleeds also into Tehran's objectives in the Levant that intersect with Ankara and Baghdad security interests. We know that the principalists will interfere in the Levant regardless of pragmatists' wishes and desires.
Now with Iranian Prime Minister Rowhani trying to transfer IRGC funding to the Iranian Armed Forces, the backlash will be felt stronger and quicker. Thus, the challenge to Tehran will be what comes next from Turkey and Iraq observing the machinations of the Iranian political universe and the impact on their own respective situations.
The real question is not what the IRGC will be doing in the Levant but MOIS, the Iranian intelligence service, who controls the coffers for operations especially economic linkages through trade companies and tourist agencies. MOIS will have its hand's full with the recent developments.
Overall, in the space of a few days, the Turkish and Iraqi states are muting into a new political reality that affects Iran's calculus in the Levant. While Turkey is literally circling the wagons politically and tactically, Baghdad, via al-Sadr, is undergoing a catharsis that is social by nature and Arab identity in practice. The coming months will illustrate further shifts that will challenge many states in the region especially the Islamic Republic of Iran.
______________________
Dr. Theodore Karasik is a Gulf-based analyst of regional geo-political affairs. He received his Ph.D in History from UCLA in Los Angeles, California in four fields: Middle East, Russia, Caucasus, and a specialized sub-field in Cultural Anthropology focusing on tribes and clans. He tweets @tkarasik
Last Update: Sunday, 8 May 2016 KSA 09:39 - GMT 06:39
You're on the bus, and one of the only free seats is next to you. How, and why, do you stop another passenger sitting there? New research reveals the tactics commuters use to avoid each other, a practice the paper, published in Symbolic Interaction describes as 'nonsocial transient behavior.'
The study was carried out by Esther Kim, from Yale University, who chalked up thousands of miles of bus travel to examine the unspoken rules and behaviors of commuters.
Over three years Kim took coach trips across the United States. Kim's first trip, between Connecticut and New Mexico, took two days and 17 hours, and this was followed by further adventures from California to Illinois, Colorado to New York, and Texas to Nevada.
"We live in a world of strangers, where life in public spaces feels increasingly anonymous," said Kim. "However, avoiding other people actually requires quite a lot of effort and this is especially true in confined spaces like public transport."
Kim found that the greatest unspoken rule of bus travel is that if other seats are available you shouldn't sit next to someone else. As the passengers claimed, "It makes you look weird". When all the rows are filled and more passengers are getting aboard the seated passengers initiate a performance to strategically avoid anyone sitting next to them.
"I became what's known as an experienced traveler and I jotted down many of the different methods people use to avoid sitting next to someone else," said Kim. "We engage in all sorts of behavior to avoid others, pretending to be busy, checking phones, rummaging through bags, looking past people or falling asleep. Sometimes we even don a 'don't bother me face' or what's known as the 'hate stare'."
The best advice from Kim's fellow passengers was:
Avoid eye contact with other people
Lean against the window and stretch out your legs
Place a large bag on the empty seat
Sit on the aisle seat and turn on your iPod so you can pretend you can't hear people asking for the window seat.
Place several items on the spare seat so it's not worth the passenger's time waiting for you to move them.
Look out the window with a blank stare to look crazy
Pretend to be asleep
Put your coat on the seat to make it appear already taken
If all else fails, lie and say the seat has been taken by someone else
"This all changes however when it is announced that the bus will be full so all seats should be made available," Kim observed. "The objective changes, from sitting alone to sitting next to a 'normal' person."
Kim found that race, class, gender and other background characteristics were not key concerns for commuters when they discovered someone had to sit next them. They all just wanted to avoid the 'crazy person.'
"One rider told me the objective is just 'getting through the ride', and that I should avoid fat people who may sweat more and so may be more likely to smell," said Kim. "Motivating this nonsocial behavior is the fact that one's own comfort level is the rider's key concern, rather than the backgrounds of fellow passengers."
Kim found that this nonsocial behavior is also driven by safety concerns, especially for coach travel which is perceived to be dangerous with ill lit bus stations. Kim also found that passengers expected each other to be jaded by delays or other inconveniences.
"In a cafe, which is more relaxed, people often ask strangers to watch their stuff for a moment," said Kim. "Yet at bus stations that rarely happens as people assume their fellow passengers will be tired and stressed out."
"Ultimately this nonsocial behavior is due to the many frustrations of sharing a small public space together for a lengthy amount of time," concluded Kim. "Yet this deliberate disengagement is a calculated social action, which is part of a wider culture of social isolation in public spaces."
###
Now, if I wanted to bring down Prime Minister Najib Tun Razak I would do exactly what they did to Tunku Abdul Rahman almost 50 years ago. And what I see in Malaysia today is a repeat of what I saw almost 50 years ago. And the beautiful thing is the Malays, Chinese and Indians are falling into the same trap that they got snared in almost 50 years ago.
THE CORRIDORS OF POWER
Raja Petra Kamarudin
Don't ‘overreact' to DAP rep's ‘abusive' remark, Najib tells Umno
(Malay Mail Online) – Umno president Datuk Seri Najib Razak condemned today a Penang DAP lawmaker's remark against the Malay party at a state assembly last Tuesday, describing the latter's remark as “abusive”.
Najib, who is also prime minister, took to his official Facebook page earlier this morning to air his thoughts on RSN Rayer's alleged tag on Umno as “celaka”, saying the Seri Delima assemblyman's words were “uncalled for”.
“I strictly condemn the derogatory remarks made by a DAP member,” Najib wrote.
”This type of action incites disharmony as after all, we are all Malaysians.”
In the two-paragraph statement, Najib also advised Umno members against taking the law into their hands in reacting to the provocation.
“Any reactions should be within the bounds of law,” Najib said, adding, “We must strive to continue the good image of our party.”
Several Umno members had demonstrated outside the Penang legislative assembly on Wednesday and again yesterday at the DAP headquarters in Kuala Lumpur, after Rayer uttered the words “celaka, celaka, celaka Umno” during his debate at the state assembly on Tuesday.
Penang's state opposition representatives from the Barisan Nasional (BN) demanded Rayer retract the words and apologise, but the second-term state lawmaker refused, saying “celaka” was a translation of “damn it” and added that it is also often used in jest.
Penang Chief Minister Lim Guan Eng has also weighed in on the issue, saying the state legislative assembly Speaker Datuk Law Choo Kiang had taken immediate action by issuing Rayer a stern warning, which was a step away from ejecting him from the hall.
*********************************************
Tan Siew Sin, the son of the founder of MCA, Tan Cheng Lock, was elected the Representative for Melaka in 1955. In 1959 he became Malaysia's Finance Minister and in 1961 the MCA President. He retired from both positions in 1974 due to health reasons and died in 1988.
Of course most of you already know that snippet in history because this is in all the history books. The reason I mention this is so that I can talk about not what you already know but what you do not know yet.
If you have read my previous article (READ HERE) then you would be aware that in 1965, at the time that Siew Sin was the Finance Minister and MCA President, the First Bumiputera Economic Congress was organised which resulted in the creation of many institutions, both educational and financial, all meant to assist the Bumiputeras and help them ‘catch up'.
Now, if you were my age, 63, you would have the advantage of being able to speak to many people who were around since the First World War and/or Second World War. And I have had the pleasure of speaking to many people that include but not restricted to Dato' Andika (the founder of Umno Terengganu who died a few years ago at the age of 100), Tun Ghazali Shafie (the man who almost became Prime Minister instead of Tun Dr Mahathir Mohamad), a certain High Court judge and President of MCOBA (who was sacked for opposing Dr Mahathir), Tunku Abdul Rahman's Chinese secretary (who hated Tun Razak like crazy for what this Chinese man said was the Tun's role in ‘May 13'), the economic adviser to Lim Goh Tong of Genting fame, Ling Liong Sik (one-time President of MCA), and many more.
So you see, age does have its advantages because you are then able to speak to people who were born 100 years ago and who can help fill in the gaps, many gaps indeed, in the Malaysian history books and learn about Malaysia's untold story that would remain untold if not for these people.
Anyway, the reason I raise this is because we are living with the fallacy that ‘May 13' resulted in the New Economic Policy and that the 13th May 1969 race riot was due to the dissatisfaction of the Malays at being ‘left behind'. This is not the whole truth.
As I said, the Malay elite already knew that the Malays were being left behind and, therefore, something needed to be done to assist the Malays and allow them to catch up both in the academic and economic fields. And this was the reason for the 1965 Bumiputera Economic Congress.
But it was not only the Malays who realised this and wanted to do something about it. The Chinese, too, realised this and wanted to do something to help the Malays. So a group of Chinese businessmen and corporate players met up with Siew Sin to discuss with the then MCA President and Finance Minister a plan on how to help the Malays before this issue became a real problem. At that time it was not a problem yet but would be if nothing were done.
Okay, to cut a long story short, in the mid-1960s, before May 13 happened, the Malays and Chinese were aware that Malaysia was heading for a problem if they did not wake up and both the Malays and Chinese sat down to see what could be done about the matter.
Hence, my ‘personal' conclusion, which probably many renowned historians would disagree with mainly because I do not have a PhD to my name, is that May 13 did not have to happen. The Chinese as well as the Malays were already looking into the ‘problem' so in time we would have seen the result. After all, social re-engineering takes time, sometimes decades, so you can't expect results in just four or five years. You need 20 or 30 years to see the result.
But then May 13 did happen, and the historians blame this on the fact that the Malays were unhappy because they were being left behind and that no one cared or did anything about it.
That is the part I would like to disagree with. The Malay and Chinese elite were aware and were starting to do something about it. So they did care and they knew that if they did not attempt a solution the future for Malaysia can only be one of turmoil.
So why did we need May 13 and the New Economic Policy that followed? According to Tunku Abdul Rahman, some ‘elements' in Umno planned May 13 so that they could oust him. This was what the Tunku said and history will have to be the judge as to whether the Tunku is correct.
Anyway, what I see happening in Malaysia today is exactly what I saw almost 50 years ago when I was still just a teenager. Almost 50 years ago the Prime Minister was accused of being ‘too soft' and of ‘giving in' to the non-Malays, in particular the Chinese. A group of radicals then emerged that Umno and the Prime Minister could not control. The non-Malays threw insults and called Umno and the Umno Malays all sorts of nasty names. Malaysia became very badly divided and the election that followed almost brought Umno down. Thereafter the radicals took to the streets to ‘save' the Malays and ‘restore' Malay political power and the Prime Minister was successfully ousted soon after that.
Now, if I wanted to bring down Prime Minister Najib Tun Razak I would do exactly what they did to Tunku Abdul Rahman almost 50 years ago. And what I see in Malaysia today is a repeat of what I saw almost 50 years ago. And the beautiful thing is the Malays, Chinese and Indians are falling into the same trap that they got snared in almost 50 years ago.
The veterans tell me that the nationalists in Umno masterminded what happened almost 50 years ago and that Dr Mahathir was the ‘Ghurkha' tasked with the job of making it all happen. I wonder who is the mastermind today and who the Ghurkha is.
Interesting, is it not? And don't they say that history always repeats itself? So maybe those Malays, Chinese and Indians who are screaming so much and who are throwing insults at each other may want to ponder whether they are just pawns in a game of thrones that will eventually result in Najib's ouster and see the extremists take over the country.
Anyway, I know it is useless to suggest that we take Najib's side in this whole thing because most of you will not agree and you want Najib to fall. And if I do suggest this, your response would be that Najib has bought me off. So better I not suggest we take sides. My only question is: if or when they manage to oust Najib, who will be the one taking over?
That, I think, is something most interesting. Of course, we assume that if Najib falls then Anwar Ibrahim will be taking over. Are we so sure of that? If Najib falls and Anwar does not take over then who will be taking over instead?
Sleep on that one my fellow Malaysians.
This tutorial is a short excerpt from our new book, The Secrets of Dance Music Production, which is available to buy now from our online store.
In stark contrast to the full-frequency sounds of mainstream dance, many underground electronic genres embrace sonic imperfection by incorporating noise, dirt, grit and otherwise undesirable analogue and digital artefacts. This lo-fi aesthetic is particularly prominent in harder techno, lo-fi and glitch, where unusual found sounds, sonic degradation and distortion assume important rhythmic and melodic roles.
DIY DIRT
Bit-crushing and sample rate reduction: Synonymous with early digital hardware and primitive computer music, the gnarly fuzz of bit-crushing is prominently employed in lo-fi sound design. Reduce the bit-rate and/or sample rate to heavily degrade and virtually ‘age' pristine audio.
Extreme distortion: Forget subtle warmth – lo-fi production is about extremes. Smash signals using overt distortion stages. Kicks, toms, basses and mid- range synths respond particularly well to forceful drive, creating rumbling beasts with grunt and personality.
Cheap sounds: Eschew the usual advice to use the best plugins you own and turn instead to the cheapest: freeware distortion plugs and antiquated spring (the poor man's plate) and metallic verbs.
Contrast: A track featuring a contrasting array of timbres will exhibit more personality than one made exclusively from lo-fi sounds. Use a gritty bed of distorted rumble to provide the backdrop to a shiny synth line or paint a landscape of lo-fi sounds amidst a handful of pristine percussion hits – like in the walkthrough, right.
Out and in: The quickest way to rough up flawless audio is to run the signal out of your audio interface, into a cheap piece of equipment, then back into your DAW. Second-hand mixers, budget signal processors and cheap rack effects can be bought for less than the price of a plugin.
Pedal power: If you're not a guitarist you probably know someone who is. Borrow a few cheap guitar effects – distortion, overdrive and fuzz pedals are ideal – then feed your pristine signals through them. Treat in parallel for more control.
Tape: Old cassette decks or cheap multitrack tape recorders are perfect for adding lo-fi grunge to sounds. Simply print your signal to cassette – being sure to overdrive the input – then record the tape deck's output back into your DAW.
Unwanted artefacts: The sound of malfunctioning or noisy gear can be incorporated into a track. Record the buzz of a faulty cable, resample the audio, then program it into a glitched bass or percussion part. In the digital domain exploit flaws and errors like digital pops or ‘create errors' from scratch using hasty audio chops and/or stepping filters.
IN THE BOX LO-FI
Use extreme timestretching and/or pitchshifting artefacts to your advantage by pushing stretch and pitch algorithms too far.
Many plugins distort when misused or clipped. Try heavily compressing a sound while keeping attack and release times unnaturally fast. The result? Overbaked pumping and distortion as the compressor struggles to keep up.
Pushing digital faders into the red creates unpleasant distortion – which might be just the sound you're after.
Dedicated glitch plugins such as Sonic Charge Permut8 and MeldaProduction's MMultiBandBitFun use various types of digital distortion and/or sequencing to create crunchy rhythms and textures.
FOUND SOUNDS
Armed with a basic field recorder or even the mic on a smartphone, it's easy to capture all manner of sounds from the real world that can be incorporated into productions, and while it's generally better to record using the best quality mic you can, rough and ready recordings can add lo-fi charm – and unique personalisation – to a track.
Long, steady beds of ambience such as street noise and rainfall can be used to underpin beats or chords. Mix them beneath other track elements, get them breathing with sidechain compression, and use filtering and delays to build creeping, vibe-laden sweeps.
Field recordings offer characterful layering tools. Back up a drum machine clap sample with a recording of a door knock for a Burial-style snare. Record ‘air' to add organic layers to full beats.
Creating a techno beat using field recordings – Step 1
We've started with a recording of a cheap microphone being knocked over. After loading the audio file into a sampler and pitching it down two octaves, we've created a 16th-note pattern around a thumping 4/4 kick. Saturation, overdrive and EQ bloat and transform the bass rumble.
STEP 2
We ventured outside for this sound: a high-pitched ‘clack' of a tree being struck which we're using in place of a hi-hat. Next, a two-beat loop of rustling leaves is heavily sidechained and bit-crushed in parallel. Together the parts supply a bed of ambience with rhythmic movement.
STEP 3
Another looped bed of real-world noise – this time rainfall – is pitched up two octaves and sidechained against the kick to reinforce the pumping off-beat hi-hat. The timestretch algorithm adds stutters and glitches to the signal. Treble-focussed distortion and heavy filtering thins the sound.
STEP 4
We've placed two different recordings of a door being slammed at strategic points in the groove. Short ping-pong delay with high feedback gives one of the sounds a metallic, ringing effect, while the other is aggressively saturated to near-breaking point.
STEP 5
Another tree strike sample is used as the groove's snare element on beats 2 and 4 of each bar. Exaggerated saturation transforms the puny signal – triggered across the stereo spectrum – into a thunderous whack. We've applied ringy, unpleasant reverb to cheapen the snare even further.
STEP 6
Bus processing is used to glue the disparate layers together. Obvious, analogue-style parallel compression, applied over the whole drum group, adds harmonic cohesion, then a bit-crusher emulates the degradation of a hardware sampler, mixing in a restrained amount of digital dirt.
The Secrets of Dance Music Production is available to buy now from our online store.
The definitive guide to making cutting-edge electronic music.
Featuring 312 colour pages packed with technique, tips, illustrations and hands-on walkthroughs, The Secrets of Dance Music Production pulls together all you need to take a mix from concept to club-ready master, featuring a wealth of exclusive content from Attack's award-winning team of writers, including:
Studio fundamentals: Synthesis and sampling; studio setup and monitor placement; EQ, ambience and compression all covered in detailed 101-style guides.
The golden rules of mixing: Learn how the pros get loud, defined and dynamic mixes stacked with interest and energy.
Essential techniques: Layering, frequency bracketing, lo-fi processing, bass splitting, vocal production, mastering… It's all inside.
Up your writing chops: Compose inspired bass and toplines with kick-starter approaches to voicing, arpeggios, syncopation, killer chord progressions and more. Arrange loops into tracks with analysis of tried-andtested dancefloor structures.
Bigger beats: 50+ pages of rhythm making insight. Masterclasses in drum sound design, transient shaping, swing crafting and ghost placement plus 30+ beats broken down.
Learn from the masters… Pro tips from the world's finest producers. Huxley, Redlight, Breach, Tricky, Justice, Sigur Rós, Todd Edwards, Kenny Gonzalez and more share their secrets.
Get that sound: From vintage arps to supersize FX; ripping Reese basslines to stacked EDM leads; ethereal soundscapes to deep house keys – dozens of sounds built from the ground up in media-rich walkthroughs.
Paperback, 312 pages. The Secrets of Dance Music Production comes with over 500 audio and project files.
Related
Advertisement
See this little guy smirking at you? Want to know how he got up there? A word of advice: as of right now, do not stand anywhere near a snake robot while looking like a tree, because these things will now fly right at you and go for your throat.
As far as the robot is concerned, I imagine that your neck probably makes for a perfectly acceptable vantage point from which to survey an area, at least until you pass out and fall over. We've already seen these robots climb up people, but the new trick that they've learned now is to reflexively grab on to stuff after being thrown at it:
Using the accelerometers inside each module of the snake robot we are able to detect when the robot hits a pole or branch after being thrown and have the robot automatically perch on contact.
Pole or branch or your neck, of course.
This work was supported by the Army Research Lab, which can only mean one thing: snake robots are being weaponized. No doubt there have been super secret tests with catapults full of snakebots being hurled at neck level at hordes of hapless grad students. Obviously there is only one prudent course of action: make reinforced spiked collars mandatory for all citizens. You know, just in case these flying snake robots go rogue.
Incidentally, robotic snakes totally stole the fly n' grab trick from real snakes, some of whom launch themselves from trees and glide to other trees, grabbing on with their bodies on impact. You can see video of that here.
[ CMU Biorobotics ]
What makes savedroid special: saving without thinking
savedroid Blocked Unblock Follow Dec 15, 2017
Saving money doesn't feel like a cool thing to do, especially not for young people. savedroid is changing this by connecting the action of saving with people's lifestyle. With the company's ICO, this approach is now extended to cryptocurrencies.
Many people know that it would make sense to put money aside — in theory. Great wishes need financing. But in real life, saving money is boring and difficult and it has another major disadvantage: putting money aside for a big future target prevents me from buying a lot of little goodies immediately. No good!
Then there is savedroid. Our approach to this problem has three important parts:
First, make it easy.
Second, make it automatic, so that people don't have to think about it each time they put money aside.
Third, connect it to events that users personally like (or dislike) so that saving becomes cool.
savedroid's award-winning algorithm is based on little “if-then-rules”, called smooves. First, users define personal saving targets, i.e. things they want to buy but can't afford right now. Then they define events that trigger a savings process. To give you an example, you can say: I want to save 5 euros every time I go running for at least 3 kilometers. Since the savedroid app is connected to your fitness tracker, it notices every time you have been jogging. And since the savedroid app is connected to your bank account as well, it transfers the money to your savedroid savings account. Just like that, automatically and without you needing to do anything.
By the way, our most successful smoove goes like this: Every time Donald Trump tweets, put 1 euro into my savings account. Some users have already been able to save up for some really nice things with the help of this smoove.
In a nutshell, savedroid makes saving money automatic, easy and cool. And that's what we will now transfer to cryptocurrencies as well. With the ICO that we have announced just a few days ago, we will transfer the DNA of simplifying the process of saving money to bitcoin and Co. savedroid is building a user interface that will make a cryptocurrency investment just as simple as a savings account.
The crypto saving by savedroid will not necessarily be connected to using smooves. It rather is designed as a simple and intuitive gate to the crypto world, especially for newbies.
Join us in making cryptocurrencies easier to handle and suitable for the mass market at ico.savdroid.com.
Give power to the people and join the revolution now!
Google Glass has always been the polarizing wearable device that is not a smartwatch. The exorbitant price, unique look and highly debated functions (such as the inclusion of the camera) have made many headlines over the past few years. With word spreading about a new Glass model coming sometime soon, we also caught wind of an entirely new product that has been in development for decade. Today's article is about Raptor, wearable sports glasses designed by Everysight, a spin-off of the Israeli defense giant Elbit Systems.
The story behind the Raptor is actually pretty cool. Back in 2001, Eibit wanted to shrink down the heads-up displays of fighter jets for use in something by ordinary people. By 2005 the company had the concept of a sports headset that would display information in real time. Later in 2014, a group of employees left Elbit to form Everysight.
The device looks like an attractive pair of sports shades but a closer inspection reveals the hidden tech. Along one side is a touchpad that will be used to control the software which is based off of a modified and undisclosed version of Android. In the center of the device lies the camera which takes both photos and video. The Raptor will come with an accessory that will allow you to capture photos and can even be clipped on to bicycle handlebars, although we do not know what this accessory will look like.
We also do not know what the software suite on the device will actually look like but based on simple descriptions, this seems very interesting. The mapping application is described as being able to project directions directly on to the road in front of a cyclist. What's more, the wearer can switch between 2D, 3D and a bird's eye view of the directions. The device is smart enough to change between complex directions and simple ones based on whether the wearer is moving still, slowly or at higher speeds. We are unsure of how much of the visor will be used to display content in these modes.
Another app description is that of the gallery. The application will fill the entire field of view with pictures which will automatically expand when you look at them with the help of some built-in sensors. This may hint at some form of eye tracking technology but right now we are just guessing.
Lance Berks, the senior vice president of marketing and business for Everysight has said that the Raptor should cost “well under $1000”. It is unclear at the moment how much less than $1000 it will be but given the little information we do have, it may end up costing as much as a high-end smartphone. The Raptor is set to launch sometime in 2016 although we wouldn't be surprised if it misses that target given the type of technology being dealt with. What do you think about the Raptor? Would you be interested in buying a pair? For more news on the Raptor and other awesome tech gadgets, stay tuned!
Auckland Domain, where the costumed group were seen.
A group of people who dressed in costumes similar to terror group Islamic State's military uniform for a Christmas party have sparked a panicked call to police in Auckland.
Police received a call from a man who had spent the morning with his son at the Auckland Domain in Parnell.
Senior Sergeant Danny Meade said police were told the group were dressed similar to Isis. They were wearing dark military gear, were carrying toy guns and had colourful balloons tied to their chests.
NZ DEFENCE FORCE Aucklanders pay their respects at the war memorial on Anzac Day.
It's understood the group were attending the costume club Matsuri Christmas Cosplay annual Christmas function at the rotunda. Police did not attend the incident.
"The member of the public was concerned because it was too close to the war memorial for their comfort," said Meade.
"We did not attend as it was obvious that it was meant to be in jest, if you can find that kind of thing funny."
Meade said none of the group were causing trouble, and it was "very clear" they were dressed in costume.
If ever there was a time for Jake Gardiner to shine, this was it.
The Maple Leafs No. 1 defenceman, Morgan Rielly, was down in pain on the ice. He tried in vain to return to the game but was lost for the night. It was the first period, his team was down 2-0 heading into the second, and Gardiner was going to have to put in the longest night of his career as one of the two remaining left defencemen.
By the end of the night, that added up to 29 minutes, 24 seconds – essentially half the game.
The Leafs won, in large part because of how well Gardiner filled that role. He had to be a chameleon of sorts, too, playing 12 minutes with Nikita Zaitsev, 9.5 minutes with usual partner Connor Carrick, another five with Roman Polak and even three with Matt Hunwick.
He played with everyone. He did pretty much everything, including kill penalties.
“He was huge,” was the review from Auston Matthews.
And he didn't even feel the...
Suhrawadi Shuvo, the Victoria Sporting Club allrounder, has been hospitalised after being struck on the lower right side of his neck while trying to evade a bouncer from Taskin Ahmed, during a Dhaka Premier League match against Abahani Limited in Mirpur.
BCB's chief physician Dr Debashish Chowdhury said Shuvo was "out of danger" after undergoing brain scans at Apollo hospital, hours after being struck. Chowdhury said Shuvo had not been wearing the helmet with improved safety standards.
"He is out of danger," Debashish told ESPNcricinfo. "The CT scan and MRI showed that there has been no damage to his brain. He will be kept under observation for the next 24 hours at the hospital as a precautionary measure. He is stable now, but as with any head injuries, they will observe him for at least 24 hours. It would have helped if he was wearing the helmet with new safety regulations, but he wasn't."
Shuvo was batting on 21 in the 25th over when he faced a bouncer from Taskin. It seemed as though the ball didn't rise as much as Shuvo had anticipated, and though the batsman kept his eyes on the ball, he couldn't get out of its path.
The Abahani players rushed towards Shuvo as he fell at the crease. He had his eyes covered with his hand at the time.
"We make four instant tests in such a situation. He passed three of those, but he didn't respond when we put light on his eyes," Chowdhury had said earlier. "This is of some concern."
Shuvo was rushed to the hospital, located roughly 12km from the stadium, with the Victoria team staff as well as BCB physician Monirul Amin.
INDEPENDENCE, Ohio -- Like most kids growing up near Boston, David Blatt lived and breathed the Celtics. They were his team, the only team.
Pressing a transistor radio against his ear, Blatt listened as legendary announcer Johnny Most described how Bill Russell grabbed rebounds and when John Havlicek "stole the ball!"
At an early age, he was hooked on hoops.
"I kind of had that NBA dream in my ear and in my heart," Blatt said.
And now, it's back in his life.
Blatt was introduced Wednesday as the new coach of the Cavaliers, a team in transition as it prepares to select first in the NBA draft and make a strong run at LeBron James, the soon-to-be free agent who has several other teams making moves to try and get him.
Blatt spent the past two decades in Israel, where he developed into a top international coach. Now, after winning numerous titles across Europe and guiding Russia to a bronze medal in the 2012 London Olympics, Blatt is ready to take on the challenge of coaching on pro basketball's biggest stage.
It was time to make the jump, and the Cavs helped Blatt's overseas leap.
"Absolutely it's a challenge," Blatt said of his upcoming transition. "But I've got to tell you, the game is not so different as people think it is. It's a little bit longer here. Perhaps the level of athleticism and speed all around the court is different. But it's not like playing baseball and soccer. It's still the same game."
Blatt isn't hung up on labels or perceptions. He doesn't consider himself an Israeli coach, European coach or any type for that matter. He doesn't favor offense over defense.
"I'm a basketball coach," he said, "someone who through teaching and working with people and getting the most out of my players and staff has always seen the success of the team as paramount."
The Cavaliers spent nearly six weeks looking for their third coach in three years before hiring Blatt, who recently resigned as coach of Maccabi Tel Aviv, a squad he led to this year's Euroleague title. Cavs general manager David Griffin said Blatt was one of "five or six" candidates who had full-blown interviews and the club contacted as many as 11 coaches.
"He's truly the embodiment of every characteristic we most sought in a coach," Griffin said. "He's a guy who has passion, creativity and intelligence. As a coach, he's able to adjust in ways that make him special because of those things. He lives those things as a man as well. Because of all that, the players all feel him in a very powerful way. David is an authentic leader."
The team hired finalist Tyronn Lue as an associate head coach under Blatt.
Blatt understands there's a responsibility that comes with being the first at anything. He believes other European coaches are as qualified to coach in the NBA, but he's the one getting the chance.
"I know I'm carrying the torch, and I hope like hell I don't drop it," he said. "I don't plan to. It does mean a great deal."
Blatt was charming, convincing and self-effacing during a 30-minute news conference at Cleveland Clinic Courts. Blatt said he had previous chances to come to the NBA, but the timing wasn't right.
"Somebody told me the reason I did it is because I missed Boston lobster and macaroni and cheese," he cracked. "There's something to that, honestly."
Blatt is taking over a team that went 33-49 last season and underachieved for Mike Brown, who was fired on May 12, ending his second stint in Cleveland. Blatt believes the Cavs have the pieces to be a contender, and that it's up to him to put them together.
And that would be the case in any country.
"I find a group of guys that want to be coached, that want to learn, that care about winning," he said. "Those are things I have to emphasize with them, that I have to strengthen and help them understand the right way to do it.
"I've coached enough great players in my life to know when guys are happy playing together and are seeing that doing it the right way brings and fosters the spirit you need to win, it doesn't make a difference where you coach."
Blatt feels he's finally where he belongs. He had a great run overseas, but it was time to come back to where he started. It was time to come home.
"I was happy and fulfilled in what I was doing," he said. "But I never, for a moment, lost the hope that I would come full circle and make my way back to the places where I grew up and to be part of something that was so much a part of me."
Fresh research suggests our bias for action is emotional, not rational.
An article by Patricia Cohen in the New York Times “Business Day” section on March 1st, reporting on a study made by economist Ofer H. Azar at Ben-Gurion University of Negev in Israel, adds another dimension to the topic of the last article I wrote for Lifehack.org.
In what I wrote then, I wondered whether our culture's emphasis on getting things done — preferring action over time for thought or waiting to allow events to unfold further — was anything more than fashion. Now, it seems, there's evidence that this tendency to want to do something is neither as practical, nor as rational, as you may think.
How people make high-stakes decisions
Mr. Azar is interested in a topic much in vogue with contemporary economists: how investors make high-stakes decisions. In classical economics, people are assumed to make rational, independent choices based on self-interest. It's an assumption that makes for neatness, but it appears to be wide of the mark.
Advertising
Rather than construct some artificial experiment, Azar decided to study professional soccer goalkeepers and how they deal with the toughest, highest-stakes decision they are forced to make on a regular basis: how to act to stop a penalty kick at goal.
Faced with a player sending the ball towards them at 80 m.p.h. or more, the goalkeeper has only a fraction of a second to decide how to block the shot. It's a fearful challenge: 4 out of 5 penalties kicks score a goal.
By analyzing data on more than 300 kicks, the researchers calculated the action most likely to prevent a goal being scored. Surprisingly, it is standing in the center of the goal and doing nothing until the trajectory of the ball can be seen. This resulted in a 1 in 3 success rate — far higher than the average.
Advertising
Yet goalkeepers almost never act in this way. They typically try to guess the ball's direction before the player's foot has actually made contact with it, diving left or right to try to be in the right spot when the ball arrives. Neither is a good option. Diving left resulted in success 14% of the time; diving right only 12.6%.
Why then is it so common to act in a way that is even less successful than the average?
Fearing censure more than failure
The researchers suggest that the answer lies in the goalkeepers' emotions and the response they meet from others after failing. By taking action — even if it's neither rational nor likely to be successful — they can at least be seen to have done something.
Advertising
If they stand and wait until the ball is kicked and then fail to stop it, they feel worse because of their inaction; and others are far more likely to criticize them for not appearing even to try. It's better to try a poor action than try a better — but seemingly passive — response if both fail; even though the “inactive” response is more rational and based on a better likelihood of success.
Others value action, even when it's wrong
In today's business world, action is preferred over the alternatives and is more likely to result in forgiveness when a mistake is made. You can always say that you tried. The person who does nothing is doubly damned: once for the mistake and again for not “doing something.”
This urge to action — to get things done — is more emotional than rational. “Wait and see” risks your credibility and reputation, even where it can be shown to be the optimal course.
Advertising
“Wait and see” may serve you better than anything you can do right away
Few, if any, business or career decisions must be made as instantly as a goalkeeper reacting to a penalty kick; all are more complex and dependent on the way external events turn out. Yet managers still face this constant urge to act, even when waiting to see what else may happen can be shown to improve the chances of success.
It's interesting that Warren Buffett, probably the world's most famous and most successful investor, is famous for his inaction. He has even been known to apologize to shareholders in his company, telling them that profits would have been higher if he had spent his time in total idleness, instead of acting to invest their money. Looking to the long term, he ignores short-term ups and downs and simply waits to see what will happen.
If you think about it, doing nothing is often the right thing to do. Jumping into any action before all the facts are in, or failing to allow events to unfold before fixing on a way to interpret them, is both foolish and irrational. That's why slowing down can be so powerful in helping you to reach success; you're less likely to make avoidable errors.
Organizational and career implications
Given our strong cultural bias towards action — almost any action — it's not surprising organizations are filled with people who would far rather do anything than wait on events — even though this would increase the chances that whatever action they choose in the end — even if it remains to do nothing — will be a success. Few decisions in the world of work are made rationally or objectively, especially when emotions from triumph and elation to shame and humiliation are tied up in the outcome.
Still, the next time you feel that you really ought to get something done, it might be sensible to wonder what is urging you forward. Is it really the rational need to produce an outcome, based on a clear grasp of what is needed; or is it that nagging voice that tells you waiting any longer will leave you open to the charge that you didn't even try?
Thanks to technology, we're reading more than ever—our brains process thousands of words via text messages, email, games, social media, and web stories. According to one report , the amount people that read tripled from 1980 to the late 2000s, and it's probably safe to say that trend continues today. But as we jam more and more words into our heads, how we read those words has changed in a fundamental way: we've moved from paper to screens. It's left many wondering what we've lost (or gained) in the shift, and a handful of scientists are trying to figure out the answer.
When people read short nonfiction onscreen, their understanding of the text suffered. Why? Because they managed their time poorly.
Of course, there's no clear-cut answer to the paper vs. screen question—it's tangled with variables, like what kind of medium we're talking about (paper, e-book, laptop, iPhone), the type of text (Fifty Shades of Grey or War and Peace), who's reading and their preference, whether they're a digital native, and many other factors. But many researchers say that reading onscreen encourages a particular style of reading called “nonlinear” reading—basically, skimming. In a 2005 study out of San Jose University, Ziming Liu looked at how reading behavior changed over the past decade, and found exactly this pattern. “The screen-based reading behavior is characterized by more time spent on browsing and scanning, keyword spotting, one-time reading, non-linear reading, and reading more selectively,” Liu wrote. In the face of endless information, links, videos, and images demanding our attention, we've adapted our reading to fit our screens.
But this style of reading may come at a cost—Liu noted in his study that sustained attention seems to decline when people read onscreen rather than on paper, and that people also spend less time on in-depth reading. “In digital, we can link in different media, images, sound, and other text, and people can get overwhelmed,” explains Andrew Dillon, a professor at the School of Information at the University of Texas, Austin, “These are disruptive activities that can carry a cost in terms of attention.” Another study by Rakefet Ackerman Technion-Israel Institute of Technology also supports the idea that paper is sometimes less distracting than our computers. The researchers found that when people read short nonfiction onscreen, their understanding of the text suffered because people managed their time poorly compared with when they used paper (although paper's advantage disappeared when people were given a fixed amount of time to read the text). Other studies have also found costs when people multi-task online in both efficiency and the quality of work they create (like a written report) based on their understanding of what they read.
Nonlinear reading might especially hurt what researchers call “deep-reading”—our in-depth reading of text that requires intense focus to fully understand it, like the works of James Joyce or Virginia Woolf. “Skimming is fine for our emails, but it's not fine for some of the important forms of reading,” says Tufts University cognitive neuroscientist Maryanne Wolf. “If you word-spot James Joyce, you'll miss the entire experience.” Wolf says that since humans didn't evolve to read, we have very plastic brain circuits for this particular skill and our brains easily adapt to whatever medium we read. If we habitually browse and word-spot, Wolf explains, our brains will favor that type of reading even when we crack open Ulysses.
But what about e-books? We don't have to fight for our attention with a Kindle—they're as close to a traditional paperback as technology offers, with a similar layout and image quality that rivals physical books. Yet paper may still have the advantage, simply because of its physical form. In a recent study led by reading researcher Anne Mangen from the University of Stavanger, Norway, 50 graduate students read a short mystery story, either in a pocket print book or on a Kindle. They were then tested for different measures, like emotional response, reading time, and text comprehension. The researchers found almost no significant differences between the paper books and Kindles, save one: people who read on paper were much better at reconstructing the plot of the story.
Ferengi Rules of Acquisition
1. Once you have their money, you never give it back.
2. The best deal is the one that brings the most profit.
3. Never spend more for an acquisition than you have to.
4. A woman wearing clothes is like a man in the kitchen.
5. Always exaggerate your estimates.
6. Never allow family to stand in the way of opportunity.
7. Keep your ears open and your eyes on the mark.
8. Small print leads to large risk.
9. Opportunity plus instinct equals profit.
10. Greed is eternal.
11. Even if it's free, you can always buy it cheaper.
12. Anything worth selling is worth selling twice.
13. Anything worth doing is worth doing for money.
14. Anything stolen is pure profit.
15. Dead men close no deals.
16. A deal is a deal... until a better one comes along.
17. A contract is a contract is a contract... but only between Ferengi.
18. A Ferengi without profit is no Ferengi at all.
19. Satisfaction is not guaranteed.
20. He who dives under the table today lives to profit tomorrow.
21. Never place friendship above profit.
22. A wise man can hear profit in the wind.
23. Nothing is more important than your health... except for your money.
24. Too many Ferengi can't laugh at themselves anymore.
25. Fear makes a good business partner.
26. The vast majority of the rich in this galaxy did not inherit their wealth; they stole it.
27. There is nothing more dangerous than an honest businessman.
28. Morality is always defined by those in power.
29. What's in it for me?
30. Confidentiality equals profit.
31. Never make fun of a Ferengi's mother.
32. Insult something he cares about.
33. It never hurts to suck up to the boss.
34. War is good for business.
35. Peace is good for business.
36. The most beautiful thing about a tree is what you do with it after you cut it down.
37. The early investor reaps the most interest.
38. Free advertising is cheap.
39. Don't tell customers more than they need to know.
40. She can touch your lobes, but never your latinum.
41. Profit is its own reward.
42. Only negotiate when you are certain to profit.
43. Feed your greed, but not enough to choke it.
44. Never confuse wisdom with luck.
45. Expand or die.
46. Labor camps are full of people who trusted the wrong person.
47. Don't trust a man wearing a better suit than your own.
48. The bigger the smile, the sharper the knife.
49. Old age and greed will always overcome youth and talent.
50. Never bluff a Klingon.
51. Never admit a mistake if you can't explain it in positive way.
52. Never ask when you can take.
53. Never trust anybody taller than you.
54. Rate divided by time equals profit.
55. Take joy from profit and profit from joy.
56. Pursue profit; women come later.
57. Good customers are as rare as latinum. Treasure them.
58. There is no substitute for success.
59. Free advice is seldom cheap.
60. Keep your lies consistent.
61. Never buy what can be stolen
62. The riskier the road, the greater the profit.
63. Work is the best therapy-at least for your employees.
64. Don't talk shop; talk shopping
65. Win or lose, there's always Hupyrian beetle snuff.
66. Someone's always got bigger ears.
67. Enough is never enough; think of your children's inheritance.
68. Risk doesn't always equal reward.
69. Ferengi are not responsible for the stupidity of other races.
70. Get the money first, then let the buyers worry about collecting the merchandise.
71. Gamble and trade have two things in common: risk and Latinum.
72. A smart customer is not a good customer.
73. Never trust advice from a dying Ferengi; listen but don't trust.
74. Knowledge equals profit.
75. Home is where the heart is, but the stars are made of latinum.
76. Every once in a while, declare peace. It confuses the Hell out of your enemies.
77. If you break it, I'll charge you for it!
78. Don't discriminate. The most unlikely species can create the best customers.
79. Beware of the Vulcan greed for knowledge.
80. If it works, sell it. If it works well, sell it for more.
81. If it doesn't work, quadruple the price and sell it as an antique.
82. The flimsier the product, the higher the price.
83. Revenge is profitless.
84. Never use Latinum where your words will do.
85. Never let the competition know what you're thinking.
86. A wife is a luxury, a smart accountant a necessity.
87. Learn the customer's weaknesses so you can better take advantage of them.
88. Vengeance will cost you everything.
89. Ask not what your profits can do for you, but what you can do for your profits.
90. Mine is better than ours.
91. He who drinks fast pays slow.
92. There are many paths to profit.
93. He's a fool who makes his doctor his heir.
94. Females and finances don't mix.
95. Expand or die.
96. Friendship is seldom cheap.
97. Enough is never enough.
98. If you can't take it with you, don't go.
99. Trust is the biggest liability of all.
100. When it's good for business, tell the truth.
This list will includethe offical rules from Star Trek Deep Space Nine and Star Trek Voyager as well as Apocrypha from this list and this list . The remaining missing rules will come from this unoficial list , but those rules may be modified or replaced by my own discretion. It's going to take me a while to finish this.
Philadelphia Mayor Jim Kenney tore into President Trump today over the DHS decision to end the Temporary Protected Status designation for Haiti.
The TPS designation was announced in early 2010 following the horrific earthquake that January, but per the new DHS statement, “based on all available information, including recommendations received as part of an inter-agency consultation process, Acting Secretary Duke determined that those extraordinary but temporary conditions caused by the 2010 earthquake no longer exist.”
Kenney today expressed how outraged and how disgusted he was by this decision, saying, “Our President is a bully, our President is a punk, and he just doesn't get it.”
“I don't know where he was raised,” Kenney continued, “but his family didn't do a good job raising that guy.”
He called the DHS decision “simply un-American” and said there is “no compassion in the White House.”
You can watch above, via NBC Philadelphia.
[image via screengrab]
— —
Follow Josh Feldman on Twitter: @feldmaniac
Have a tip we should know? tips@mediaite.com
It may not be but I'm not getting involved in the satanic bullshit no you get that micro chip put in your arm you are going to hell simple as that you turn into one of these guys the life you lived would have been for nothing there is a heaven there is a hell and I may or may not truth is they will get away with what they got planned u go along with there plan so be it but don't prey to God for help because God won't save you. In the end when we are all dead and they win we will have won in the end they are playing God and they are not God they will loose you want to give in go ahead my choices are no one else's I choose a bullet of a slave this is hitler rising again. You think I'm insane fine you want to join a side that wants to take over that's fine you don't tell me what I can and can't do its not crazy when you think about what they will do after they disarm you the men and woman that swore to protect you use there guns on you. You will see and by that time they will have a bullet in the back of your head you think I'm crazy fine. When the shit hits the fan you think me and you will survive no just wait and see as the woman and children are being killed see if you still have your same thinking when you watch the ones you hold dear being shot for nothing in the streets. That's what's coming we start war with Russia we are going to loose we can't take China and Russia our military is going to bring the end times on us and themselves. So strap in and see the crazy bastards for who they are now
Permissions Review
Every new app created on the Instagram Platform starts in Sandbox mode. Apps in this mode can use any API endpoint but are restricted to a limited number of users and media. This is great for developing and testing your app.
To go Live and fully access Instagram content, you will need to submit your application for review and approval. Once reviewed, you will only be able to request users the Permission Scopes for which your app was approved. Because of this, your application may not be able to use some API endpoints unless the corresponding permissions were reviewed and approved.
The review process allows us to ensure an authentic and consistent experience for the Instagram Community. The app review process aims to help community members more granularly control how their content is being shared through 3rd party apps and that those apps are building compliant use cases.
How to Submit for Permissions Review
Go to Manage Clients and edit the app you want to submit for review
In the Details tab make sure to fill out all fields and save any change with the Update Client button
tab make sure to fill out all fields and save any change with the button Go to the Permissions tab which shows each permission and their review status
tab which shows each permission and their review status Click the Start a submission button and then follow the instructions
The result of your submission will appear in the same Permissions tab. Note that you will not be able to submit again until we have reviewed your submission.
Criteria for Review
Submission quality: Notes must be clear, concise and in English. We will not approve submissions with insufficient notes.
Video screencast quality: The video screencast must show the Instagram login experience of your app, proper credentials and the usage of every permission you are requesting. We will not approve submissions if you do not provide a clear and working screencast.
App development phase: We only review final and production version apps. Submissions with test and development version apps will not be approved.
Brand and policy compliance: Your app must comply with Instagram Platform Policy and Instagram Brand Guidelines.
Use case and permissions compliance:
We will approve submissions of apps that fall into this use case:
To help individuals share their own content with 3rd party apps
For more information on the use cases we support, please read the Login Permission documentation.
FAQ
My submission was rejected but it was a valid use case. What should I do? A common reason for rejecting a submission is that we do not have enough information to make an assessment of your app. This can happen if your submission was too short, if it missed important information, if you did not provide a good screencast, your website is not working, etc. Before you submit for review again, make sure to provide a long and clear explanation of what your app does and how you use every permission. Make sure also to provide a video screencast and to follow all our Platform Policies.
What should I write in the submission? The submission should be long enough for us to understand exactly what your app does and why you need the permissions you are asking for. If your submission is too short or does not explain all parts of your integration, then we may not be able to understand and approve your app. For example, your submission should explain what does your app or company do, which of the approved use cases your integration falls into, who will be using your app, how do your user authenticate with your app, how you use the API to power your integration, how does your product use the data acquired from Instagram, etc.
What should I show in the video screencast? The video screencast is a very important part of a submission and cannot be omitted. Please make sure that the video clearly shows how your application works, including any Instagram login experience and the usage of every permission you are requesting. Since your app may still be in sandbox mode, you can use data from sandbox users to showcase the integration.
My company is working with multiple clients, should I submit one app per project? No, we do not approve apps that are created for one-off projects (e.g. a hashtag campaign, an event, a website). You should use a single client_id across all your integrations.
Can I revoke a submission if I made a mistake? You can't cancel a submission that is in progress. You will need to wait until the submission has been reviewed before you can start a new one.
Heads up, southeast Portland, the World Naked Bike Ride is coming your way.
Organizers of the 2015 event in Portland, which returns June 27, announced Monday that this year's nude ride will begin at Colonel Summers Park off S.E. Belmont Ave. and S.E. 20th.
The ride, which is officially a dual protest both against our dependency on oil and for cyclist rights, draws thousands of participants - growing larger nearly every year since it began here in 2004.
Last year the ride started at Normandale Park in residential northeast Portland, drawing complaints from some neighbors that fell on deaf ears across the city. In 2013 the event took over the southwest Park blocks around the Portland Art Museum.
This year's location, nestled between several bustling inner southeast neighborhoods, should see little controversy, and might very well be a draw for many more casual cyclists that inhabit the area.
Organizers tend not to announce the ending location, but the ride usually makes its way toward downtown Portland.
Look out for more here as the bike ride comes and goes, but in the meantime take a look at some of our coverage from nude rides past.
-Judge clears nude bicyclist in Portland
--Jamie Hale | jhale@oregonian.com | @HaleJamesB
In 1875, two men from Wisconsin convinced P.T. Barnum, the famed showman, to join their business — a circus. Barnum's job was to lend his name to the product and,ultimately, his wisdom as well, and the circus became known as “P.T. Barnum's Great Traveling Museum, Menagerie, Caravan, and Hippodrome.” Barnum would later partner with James Anthony Bailey, the ringmaster of another circus, and the combined show would thereafter be known as the Barnum and Bailey Circus — “the Greatest Show on Earth.” Despite the fact that Barnum was in his mid-60s before he entered the circus game, that's probably what he's best known for.
But — as the original name of his circus suggests — that wasn't his original claim to fame. In 1841, Barnum purchased a museum in downtown Manhattan and turned it into a collection of oddities, mysteries, and other exhibits that piqued the curiosity of visitors from near and far. Barnum's American Museum, as it was called, proved incredibly popular.
A little too popular, in fact. Barnum had more guests than he could reasonable accommodate. So he came up with a solution: an exhibit that few visitors could resist — until it was too late.
According to Wikipedia, Barnum's museum hosted 38 million visitors from its opening in 1841 until it burned down in 1865 — a huge number, given that the population of the United States at the time was only about 32 million. Wikipedia further notes that at its peak, the museum saw 15,000 visitors a day, which was roughly the number of people that the Metropolitan Museum of Art boasted about hosting on an average day in 2011. Tickets cost a quarter — about $5 to $10 in today's dollars — and you could wander the museum for as long as you wanted for that price. Unfortunately for Barnum, many visitors did just that, and after a while, the museum got so crowded that no one else could be admitted. So Barnum introduced a new attraction: the egress.
To alert visitors to the egress, Barnum simply put up some signs. In various places in the museum, visitors would be directed toward the new attraction by mysterious signs which simply read “This Way to the Egress” (or, per some sources, “This Way to the Great Egress”) without further explanation. Wanting to see what this egress thing was — a bird, perhaps? — visitors who were previously slow to flow through the museum began fleetly moving their way past one exhibit and onto the next. Ultimately, they'd meet the door marked “egress” and make their way though, expecting a surprise.
And a surprise is exactly what they got. P.T. Barnum is famous for saying “there's a sucker born every minute” (even if he never did), and those who most desperately wished to see the egress were probably his best example. The word “egress” means “exit.” The visitor who had found the egress had left the museum, and to re-enter, had to pony up another twenty-five cents.
Bonus Fact : In 1965, the United States Supreme Court decided the case of Griswold v. Connecticut, a suit over whether Connecticut's law criminalizing contraception was constitutional. The Court found that the law was unconstitutional, basing their ruling on an implied right to privacy in the founding document. That right to privacy has been cited in many different landmark Court cases since. And it may not have happened if it weren't for P.T. Barnum, at least not in that way. Barnum, nearly 100 years earlier, served in the Connecticut legislature and was a co-sponsor of the anti-contraception law.
From the Archives : Beware the Unicycling Clown: It has nothing to do with circuses.
Take the Quiz : Nabisco has made Barnum's Animal Crackers since 1902. Name the four animals which have always been part of the collection. (Extra fact: Nabisco doesn't pay Barnum & Bailey for the use of the Barnum name — and never licensed the name from P.T. Barnum, either, according to the Los Angeles Times.)
Brompton are producing a limited edition Barcelona bike that will be available in shops this week. The second model in Brompton's ‘city-inspired' series is the product of a partnership with Catalonia-based designer David Torrents.
Configured as an S6L in gloss blue and orange, Torrents opted for a number of colourful parts. The orange saddle and mudguards, along with the vibrant blue grips, are intended to reflect the vitality of Barcelona.
The bike is complemented by an S Bag that features a special flap finished in bright geometric shapes, said to be inspired by the patterns found in the city's layout, the tiles on the buildings and paving on Barcelona's streets.
“Ever since I was very young, I observed the patterns and street art that could be found on the floors and walls of the city and these bright colours and patterns give life to the place,” said David Torrents. “Now when I'm on my bike I still see these great colours and shapes and I wanted that to be reflected in this project with Brompton.”
Brompton worked with illustrator Vic Lee to produce the London Brompton, the first of its city series, last year. As a progression of the project, Brompton looked this year to other cities where the folding bikes have for a long time been commonplace and decided on Barcelona, host to the inaugural Brompton World Championship in 2006 and then again in 2007.
The limited edition S6L Barcelona Brompton bike will have a worldwide limited run of just 400 and a price, complete with S Bag, of £1,200 in the UK.
For more info go to www.brompton.co.uk.
In 2014, Holland and I learned new things about our cherished Mormon heritage that were confusing and disturbing.
We thought we knew the history of our Church, but we discovered controversial events that the Church misrepresented or omitted altogether.
We thought we knew the doctrine of our Church, but we uncovered official teachings far different from what we learned growing up, and different from what I taught to thousands as a missionary, occasionally refuting “anti-Mormon lies” with pure testimony.
The Church has now confirmed that some of these “anti-Mormon lies” are true.
These contradictions led to a difficult question: what if the Church is not what it claims to be? After months of painful soul searching and research, we realized we need space from the Church in order to sort truth from error.
© 2013 by Intellectual Reserve, Inc.
In this Church that honors personal agency so strongly, that was restored by a young man who asked questions and sought answers, we respect those who honestly search for truth.
We are asking questions and seeking answers. We are honestly searching for truth. Will you help us?
This is the first in a series of stories about our ongoing spiritual journey. We need your help in our search for answers and truth. Join the conversation here on Medium, privately or publicly. Comment on our Facebook posts. Send us an email. Let us know what you think.
We want to be corrected where we are wrong. More than anything, we want the truth.
Thank you for helping Holland and me with these difficult questions of faith. Through these posts and our discussions, I hope we can “understand one another” and be “edified and rejoice together” (Doctrine and Covenants 50:22).
Before this exhibition starts, we must address something very important. As fashion historian Valerie Steele states in her book The Corset: A Cultural History, ‘no one person invented the brassiere. Various types of bust-bodice, soutien-gorge and brassiere had been patented and advertised in the nineteenth and early twentieth centuries.' This exhibition does not focus on the invention of the bra or the history of its design, but it will concentrate on the technology which made some of the twentieth century's most iconic looks possible. These are the developments in fibres and stitching technique which took us from sturdy Edwardian ‘bust improvers' to the light ‘no-bra' look of the 1970s, that is popular once again today.
The bra is a unique and important garment, providing a woman with support for her breasts but also shaping the female form to the latest fashionable ideal. Although it plays a vital part in both fashion history and women's history in the twentieth century, the bra is often overlooked or only discussed from a purely aesthetic or erotic perspective. However, technology's role in its fascinating history cannot be understated.
In the first decade of the twentieth century, fashionable straight front corsets provided less bust support than women were used to and so the popularity of various types of brassiere increased. These new styles of garment were often worn by fashionable women for modesty under increasingly sheer Edwardian blouses, and also by dress reformers as an alternative to heavily boned corsets. As health was often a focus for underwear advertising at this time, fabrics like wool, cotton and Aertex – which was invented in the UK in 1888 – were sometimes used for these garments as it ensured they were breathable in the summer and warm in the winter.
Jane Farrell-Beck and Colleen Gau state in their book Uplift: The Bra in America that ‘By the mid-1910s, brassieres rather than corsets had become the source of increased business in foundation departments'. The increasing prominence of women in the public sphere – through work and recreation outside of the home – meant that many more were moving over to wearing less restrictive garments and the modern department stores, which were an extremely popular place to shop, were keen to cash in on this trend.
There are currently over 227 outages in the Sacramento counties affecting more than 13,161 people, according to SMUD.
Overnight, SMUD crews were able to bring back power to nearly 10,000 people.
SMUD took to Twitter and continues to update people on what's happening on outages, repairs and etc.:
Crews dealing with 229 outages affecting 13,100 customers. Work continues, daylight should help restoration efforts. — SMUD (@SMUDUpdates) January 19, 2017
237 outages affecting 13,382 customers. Storm knocked down 200 lines, full slate of crews working to restore power. Thx for patience. — SMUD (@SMUDUpdates) January 19, 2017
At 10:50 p.m. 486 outages, 27,660 customers out of power. — SMUD (@SMUDUpdates) January 19, 2017
At 10:30 p.m., 503 outages, 32,943 customers without power. Crews will be working through the night. Thanks for patience. — SMUD (@SMUDUpdates) January 19, 2017
As of 10 p.m. 482 outages affecting 36,809 customers. Thanks for patience on a long night. — SMUD (@SMUDUpdates) January 19, 2017
492 outages affecting 45,298 customers at 9:45. please stay away from many downed power lines. — SMUD (@SMUDUpdates) January 19, 2017
With wind decreasing, troubleshooters can make safer assessments of damage and bring more customers' power back. Thx for patience. — SMUD (@SMUDUpdates) January 19, 2017
474 outages affecting 49,000 customers at 8:55 p.m. Please stay away from downed power lines. — SMUD (@SMUDUpdates) January 19, 2017
At 8:25 p.m. 419 outages affecting 56,234 customers. — SMUD (@SMUDUpdates) January 19, 2017
# of outages climb to 318 but # of affected customers decreases to 52,000. — SMUD (@SMUDUpdates) January 19, 2017
With number of outages across county, we unfortunately can't supply estimated restoration times. Please stay safe. — SMUD (@SMUDUpdates) January 19, 2017
With outage map currently down, will provide over numbers here every 15 minutes. 251 outages, 77,406 customers without power. — SMUD (@SMUDUpdates) January 19, 2017
206 outages affecting 67,000 customers. Crews working hard to restore power. Appreciate people's patience. — SMUD (@SMUDUpdates) January 19, 2017
About 130 outages affecting 32,000 customers at 6 p.m. due to winds. Full complement of crews and troubleshooters working to restore power — SMUD (@SMUDUpdates) January 19, 2017
We currently have 52 outages impacting approx. 3,500 customers. We appreciate everyone's patience while we work to make repairs. — SMUD (@SMUDUpdates) January 19, 2017
We will continue to work with all hands on deck 24/7 until all customers are restored. Thanks for your patience. https://t.co/XSjoZPnrjR — SMUD (@SMUDUpdates) January 19, 2017
To check if power is on or off in your area click here.
Sign up for The Daily Blend Newsletter Thank you Something went wrong. Get a daily e-mail with stories that inform, offer tips, and make you smile. Thank you for signing up for the Daily Blend newsletter Please try again later.
Submit
The highest amount of people who were affected by the outages reached more than 78,000 people with the outages reaching over 450.
Stay with ABC10 for updated information for these outages.
Strong winds knock down trees in Sacramento, Stockton <p>Fallen tree in Stockton in the 2700 block of Bonnie Lane. </p>
Copyright 2016 KXTV
French company AREVA finding wind energy a better bet than nuclear?
Areva has looked to diversify away from nuclear energy and build up solar, wind and biomassbusinesses. …..Areva has teamed up with energy group GDF Suez SA and concessions company Vinci SA to bid for a part of the French government's wind turbine project…The French government aims for a total of 1,200 wind turbines to be eventually built, costing a total of €10 billion.
In mid-December Areva is set to detail the financial impact of the nuclear disaster at Fukushima this March.
Areva Diversifies Further Into Wind, WSJ, 28 Nov, By MAX COLCHESTER And NOÉMIE BISSERBE, PARIS—Areva SA said Monday it is in advanced talks to build about 120 wind turbines at two offshore wind farms in Germany, as theengineering group continues to diversify away from nuclear energy….
The talks represent a rare bright spot for the engineering group that has been buffeted in recent months following the nuclear disaster at the Fukushima Daiichi plant in Japan, which dented demand for the group's key atomic products. The French state controlled company's shares ended up 5.2% to €20.25 in Paris on Monday.
In recent years Areva has looked to diversify away from nuclear energy and build up solar, wind and biomass businesses. In particular it has bet on booming demand for offshore wind power and has spent heavily on developing a powerful five megawatt turbines. But compared to rivals, the group is playing catch-up, analysts say. Rivals such as Siemens AG have already built extensive wind farms. So far Areva has built just five working wind turbines, according to an
Areva spokesman.
Areva is currently in the process of building 126 turbines in a separate project in Germany. The company expects more contracts in the future. Areva has teamed up with energy group GDF Suez SA and concessions company Vinci SA to bid
for a part of the French government's wind turbine project. In 2013 the French government will announce which companies will build out the first lot of wind turbines off the coast of France. The French government aims for a total of 1,200 wind turbines to be eventually built, costing a total of €10 billion.
Following Germany's decision earlier this year to phase out nuclear power, Areva is weighing its strategic options in that country…. In the first nine months of this year Areva made €109 million from renewable energy projects, up 53% compared to a year earlier. ……
In mid-December Areva is set to detail the financial impact of the nuclear disaster at Fukushima this March.
http://online.wsj.com/article/SB10001424052970203935604577066030747918216.html
Advertisements
Black Earth: The Holocaust as History and Warning. By Timothy Snyder.Tim Duggan Books; 462 pages; $30. Bodley Head; £25.
Get our daily newsletter Upgrade your inbox and get our Daily Dispatch and Editor's Picks.
“A HISTORY of the Holocaust must be contemporary,” writes Timothy Snyder in the prologue to “Black Earth”, an impressive reassessment of the Holocaust, which steers an assured course between two historical traps. It is a mistake to see the Nazi genocide as an event too unique to be rooted in the past or to have relevance to the present. Yet it is also wrong to flatten the singularity of the deliberate mass murder of Europe's Jews into a general warning against racism or xenophobia.
Mr Snyder, a professor of history at Yale University who specialises in central and eastern Europe, begins by showing the Darwinian, deterministic thinking behind Adolf Hitler's ideal world. Superior races (Germans, British and Americans) were in a ruthless contest with lesser races for territory and natural resources. Even to consider a world in which human beings could live harmoniously side by side was in the words of “Mein Kampf”, “un-nature”.
In Hitler's universe the Jews were an alien “counter-race”, whose unnatural beliefs included dangerous and subversive politics. For the good of the planet, therefore, Jews must be removed from the face of the Earth, though it would have been little comfort to the murdered millions to know that they were being shot and gassed for ecological, rather than racial reasons. Another of Mr Snyder's insights is that the Holocaust intensified as military success became more distant: having failed to vanquish the Soviet Union, the Nazis took extermination as a consolation prize.
One of the most controversial arguments in Mr Snyder's book is the contention that absence of state structures, and the lack of legal status that ensued, aided the executioners. Jews were most vulnerable in places where citizenship, identity, protection, the right to property and ultimately life were no longer guaranteed by any kind of legal and bureaucratic structure. In France and Italy, where national governments continued more-or-less to function under occupation, three-quarters of the Jews survived. In eastern territories, which suffered “double occupation”, first by the Soviets under the Molotov-Ribbentrop pact and then by the Nazis, at least 90% of them perished.
“Black Earth” will prove uncomfortable reading for many who hew to cherished but mythical elements of Holocaust history. It highlights how Stalinist policies paved the way for Nazi extermination. After the war, the Soviets often portrayed Jews as “victims of fascism”, glossing over how communist cadres had often been the first collaborators, proving their loyalties to their new masters by murdering Jews. Mr Snyder also argues convincingly against the left-wing view that the Holocaust stemmed from imperialism, or the failures of bourgeois capitalism.
The weakest parts of Mr Snyder's book are the environmental and political prescriptions. Global warming does not have much to do with Hitler's dementedly brutal ecological thinking. Comparisons between Nazi propaganda and the current vogue for conspiracy theories in Muslim countries, that hold Israel responsible for most of the wrongs in the Middle East, are not conclusive. Paranoia and myth-making long predate Hitler.
Thinking about the Holocaust should not be easy. Mr Snyder's flawed but powerful book challenges readers to reassess what they think they know and believe: a worthy memorial to the victims.
For the past week, the ground near San Ramon, about 25 miles east of San Francisco, has been shaking. And shaking and shaking and shaking. Over 200 small quakes have now rattled the notoriously earthquake-prone region.
So time to panic, right? Or wait—is it time to breathe a sigh of relief, with all these small earthquakes dissipating the pent-up energy? Science, what is the answer?
“Any seismologist who tells you he or she knows is not correct,” says Peggy Hellweg, a seismologist at the Berkeley Seismological Laboratory. So….elaborate? “Every small swarm could be a foreshock. We think it's a very small chance given the history of the fault,” adds Ole Kaven, a geophysicist at the United States Geological Survey. “But there's no telling when and where exactly that type of event could happen.”
Welcome to the world of earthquake non-prediction. But as Kaven notes, the history of the Calaveras fault, which runs under San Ramon, does tell us something—and it's actually pretty interesting.
USGS
Several earthquake swarms have struck the Calaveras since the 1970s, and none of them have triggered a big earthquake. If history is any indication, says Kaven, the swarm is likely to last another two weeks with the total number of quakes going into the hundreds. The longest recorded swarm in the area lasted 42 days.
The particular geology of the Calaveras fault makes it prone to earthquake swarms. The fault is creeping along at a more or less constant rate, and it has many different secondary faults branching perpendicularly from the main Calaveras fault, like twigs coming off a branch. When one of those secondary faults gets critically stressed, it could set off a swarm. The quakes in swarms are small, usually 4.0 or below, because those secondary faults are small; not much energy is stored in them in the first place.
That also throws some water on the “small earthquakes prevent the Big One” idea. True, those small quakes are dissipating energy, but it's a tiny, tiny amount. “The fault patch slips a couple tens of centimeters—not even a drop in the bucket,” says Kaven. Even a 6.0 earthquake like the one in Napa last year is puny compared to the Big One. On our current earthquake scale, a 8.0 releases 1,000 times as much energy as a 6.0, which is, yes, logarithmic and completely counterintuitive.
While very unlikely, it's possible a swarm could set off another fault. The Calaveras fault is connected to the Hayward fault, which is due for a big earthquake soon. Seismologists only recently realized the extent of the connection between the two faults; in fact, underground faults are very poorly mapped.
It's a bit of a chicken and egg problem. “Earthquakes and our seismographs are our way of looking underground,” says Hellweg. In other words, seismologists map faults by looking at where earthquakes are happening. A fault that is not very active can fly under the radar for a long time. A 2002 earthquake swarm on the Calaveras fault turned out to be on a previously unknown secondary fault.
For now, says Kaven, the seismic activity is too much of “blob” to see exactly what's going on at Calaveras. Once this earthquake swarm is over, seismologists might just have a better picture of the fault system under San Ramon.
#devforacause
Jeff Almasol has graciously made a bundle of 50 After Effects scripts freely available on his website.
Please, read and heed Jeff's request to consider donating to your favorite cause. He spends his spare time developing utilities like these to help others, and I think that it's only fair that he ask the beneficiaries of this generosity to consider how they can be generous in return. He'd also like to hear about what scripts you find useful and what donations you're making; use the hashtag #devforacause to let him know on Twitter. When I read Jeff's request, I sent a donation to my favorite non-profit theater organization, since I know that I certainly have gotten a tremendous amount of value from Jeff's work.
Other script authors are also participating in the #devforacause project, including Sébastien Perier, Christian Lett, and Lloyd Alvarez—each of whom are giving a portion of the proceeds from the sales of scripts on aescripts + aeplugins to their chosen charities. See Jeff's website for an up-to-date list of who is participating in the #devforacause project.
Details of the scripts in Jeff's script bundle are available on his website.
Here is a list of the 50 scripts included in the bundle:
rd: Approximate
rd: Average Trackers
rd: Batch Layer Converter
rd: Batch Vector to Shape
rd: Commentron
rd: Composition Renamer
rd: Composition Setter
rd: Comp Sheet
rd: Copy Markers
rd: Count Markers
rd: Divvy Up
rd: Donate
rd: Edit Text
rd: Expression Tweaker
rd: Fumes
rd: Get Smart
rd: Gimme Prop Info
rd: Gimme Prop Path
rd: Gimme Props
rd: Guess What
rd: Key Markers
rd: Kinda Sorta
rd: Map Text File to Markers
rd: Marker Navigator
rd: Masks to Shapes
rd: Movement
rd: New Parallax Null
rd: New Project From Comp
rd: Notation
rd: Partial
rd: Picker Switcher
rd: Pre-compose
rd: Preservation
rd: Que Es Span Null
rd: Rampart
rd: Remove Keys
rd: Remove Markers
rd: Render Layers
rd: Reverse Masks Order
rd: Scooter
rd: Script Launcher
rd: Shapes to Masks
rd: Shifter
rd: Simple Console
rd: Slicer
rd: Snap Decisions
rd: Solid Renamer
rd: Split Render
rd: Statesman
rd: Watermark
Samsung may be developing a new virtual reality headset.
The electronics giant said during its annual developer conference in San Francisco on Wednesday that it's working on new virtual reality projects that are more advanced than its current Samsung Gear VR headset that requires a Samsung smartphone to operate.
Injong Rhee, Samsung's executive vice president of software for its mobile business, said that the company is “working on wireless and dedicated VR devices” that won't require that a mobile phone be attached. Samsung partnered with virtual reality device maker Oculus, which is owned by Facebook, to create the Gear VR, which was released in November.
Get Data Sheet, Fortune's technology newsletter.
Compared to other virtual reality devices on the market like Facebook's (fb) Oculus Rift and the HTC Vive, which retail at $600 and $800 respectively, Samsung's Gear VR is significantly cheaper, although it lacks the many features than more high-end devices.
Rhee said that the new devices would incorporate gesture and motion tracking, which would let users interact in their virtual environments without having to use a controller. Additionally, he said Samsung is researching ways to cut back on the dizziness that many people experience when using a VR device.
For more about Samsung, watch:
“You'll see a lot of products hitting the market with these capabilities,” Rhee said without saying when the devices would be available.
Exclusive: The instant analysis after the first presidential debate — even on liberal-leaning MSNBC — was that Mitt Romney was the decisive “winner.” But Romney not only ducked the specifics of his plans but looked sneaky and nervous in doing so, writes Robert Parry.
By Robert Parry
In the presidential debate that I watched on Wednesday night, Republican challenger Mitt Romney was shiftier than Dick Nixon in 1960 and less coherent than George W. Bush in 2000, but the TV pundits, including on MSNBC, overwhelmingly declared him the winner.
When I tried to follow Romney's logic, I couldn't. Somehow the federal government was supposed to rein in rising health care costs but his only idea for doing so was to let the free-market work when it is clear that whatever the shortcomings of “Obamacare” the old model of health insurance was broken.
Romney also claimed that his health-insurance plan would cover people with pre-existing conditions and do other positive things that are in the Affordable Care Act, but, as President Barack Obama noted, Romney hasn't offered a serious explanation as to how that would happen.
Romney treated any reference to his 20 percent across-the-board tax cut costing $5 trillion over decade as a lie, likening the President to his “five boys saying something that's not always true but just keep on repeating it.” After all, Romney has declared that his plan would be revenue-neutral. But he continued his pattern of refusing to specify how he would make it so.
In the debate that I saw, Romney seemed to be on the defensive, in large part, due to the incoherence and incompleteness of his arguments. And that reflected itself in his body language. He shifted nervously, blinked rapidly and displayed a forced smile. It looked like he was about to tear up during his closing remarks.
I saw a man struggling at the end of his rope. By contrast, Obama looked, well, presidential. He was never flustered and mounted vigorous defenses of his policies, offering details about what he had done and what he would do. Yet, he didn't sound overly defensive or whiny, a big risk in such a setting.
One could fault Obama for not being more aggressive with host Jim Lehrer, who curiously seemed determined to stop the President from exceeding his time limit while letting Romney ramble on. But that is more a criticism of Lehrer, who behaved like PBS types often do they go weak in the knees when a Republican talks about slashing the subsidy for public broadcasting, as Romney pointedly did.
So, I came away from watching the 90-minute debate thinking that Romney had come as close to melting down in front of a huge national audience as anyone I have ever seen in my half century of watching presidential debates. Pundits often fall back on the clichÃ© that “no one landed a knock-out punch,” but this was as close to having one candidate lying on the mat as I have ever seen, although it was mostly Romney doing the damage to himself.
Yet, immediately after the debate even on liberal-leaning MSNBC Republican commentators were given the floor and allowed to set the tone of the meeting. On MSNBC, Rachel Maddow deferred to GOP campaign strategist Steve Schmidt, who gushed over Romney's performance. The verdict was “Romney won.”
Everyone on the set except for Al Sharpton fell in line. Ed Schultz blasted Obama for not lashing out at Romney and especially for not blasting Romney's portrayal of 47 percent of the U.S. population as irresponsible moochers.
For the past several days, pretty much every pundit I watched had predicted that the “the 47 percent” comment would be the centerpiece of the debate, but I never thought that was likely, having watched Lehrer handle other debates. He almost never goes for the “gotcha” question, favoring bland policy discussions.
Without Lehrer introducing the remark, it would have been difficult and clumsy for Obama to shoehorn the comment in. Frankly, it would have elicited groans from many Americans as an overreach. But the pundits had decided that it had to be at the heart of the debate, so they blamed the President when it wasn't.
What was particularly startling about the MSNBC commentary was its lack of substance except for Sharpton, who zeroed in on the discrepancies between Romney's months of campaign statements as a “severely conservative” ex-governor of Massachusetts and his reinvention of himself as a caring fellow on Wednesday.
Yet, even on style, it was amazing to me that the pundits were favoring Romney, who looked more ill at ease than Nixon did in his infamous 1960 debate debacle with Kennedy and goofier than Bush in 2000, who was so unserious that he elicited a famous “sigh” from Al Gore. Romney wasn't as much on the offensive all night as he was testy. He talked fast, lacked specifics and nagged Lehrer about getting more time.
If Romney were a car salesman, he would be the one urging me to overlook the car's lousy mileage and poor repair record and begging me to buy his vehicle so he could meet his quota and not get in trouble with the boss. On Wednesday night, I was a bit worried that he would dissolve into tears during his closing remarks.
His shaky behavior and watery eyes brought to mind Ann Romney's comment last Thursday that her “biggest concern” about her husband getting elected president “would just be for his mental well-being.” In a TV interview in Nevada, Romney's wife pronounced him competent and qualified but worried about “the emotional part of it” for her husband.
More on Point
Some of the newspaper commentators more closely represented the debate that I watched. Alessandra Stanley of the New York Times noted that “Mr. Romney managed, despite a dry throat and some rapid blinking, to keep a choirboy smile pasted on his face while Mr. Obama spoke.
“Mr. Obama was quicker to drop his bonhomie and adopt the look of a long-suffering headmaster enduring the excuses of a bright student he is going to expel.”
The Times also did a solid job of assessing the claims and counter-claims from the two rivals. And the Times' lead editorial took Romney to task for his mendacity and Obama to task for not holding the Republican accountable.
But how to explain the behavior of the TV commentators, especially those on MSNBC, whose instant “spin” on behalf of Romney surely influenced the opinions of millions of Americans in their own assessments of who won?
Though MSNBC has done a relatively good job of creating some balance in a cable TV environment that Fox News has tilted sharply to the right, its hosts are under corporate pressure to present themselves as neutral newscasters in situations like Wednesday's debate. (Remember the trouble that Keith Olbermann encountered.)
So, aspiring careerists like Rachel Maddow can be expected to demur in a situation like Wednesday night. After all, for her there are grand career opportunities, like a regular gig on NBC's “Meet the Press” or possibly even replacing David Gregory as the host, a big step indeed.
So she immediately turned to Steve Schmidt, who did what you would expect a Republican political operative to do in such a case. He spun the outcome for Romney and did so with such confidence that he seemed to influence the remarks of MSNBC show anchors, Chris Hayes and Chris Matthews, who promptly fell in line.
For his part, Ed Schultz sounded more like a disgruntled lefty who wanted Obama to be the perfect gladiator mercilessly chopping Romney to pieces and then asking the American TV audience, “are you not entertained?”
But that approach would have opened Obama to another line of attack, the angry black man, a balancing act that Obama instinctively senses but that white liberals don't seem to get. The only MSNBC anchor cutting through the “Romney won” spin was Sharpton.
While it's true that Obama could have been tougher in demanding more time from Lehrer and in going after his rival, the President did resist Lehrer's curious eagerness to impose time limits on Obama but not Romney.
Obama also made the key point about how Romney and his running mate, Rep. Paul Ryan, keep evading specifics on their various plans. Indeed, that was my primary takeaway from the debate, that a shifty and shifting Romney won't tell the American people what he actually intends to do.
Robert Parry broke many of the Iran-Contra stories in the 1980s for the Associated Press and Newsweek. His latest book, Neck Deep: The Disastrous Presidency of George W. Bush, was written with two of his sons, Sam and Nat, and can be ordered at neckdeepbook.com. His two previous books, Secrecy & Privilege: The Rise of the Bush Dynasty from Watergate to Iraq and Lost History: Contras, Cocaine, the Press & ‘Project Truth' are also available there.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Asked about Labour adopting SNP policies, Nicola Sturgeon says "imitation is the sincerest form of flattery"
The SNP would try to form an alliance to pursue "progressive policies" if the general election results in a hung Parliament, Nicola Sturgeon says.
But the SNP leader said the "reality" was going to be a Conservative majority government.
In an interview with the BBC's Andrew Neil, she also said the cap on public sector pay rises was not "sustainable".
Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn has ruled out a coalition between a Labour government and the SNP after 9 June.
In a speech in Glasgow, Mr Corbyn attacked what he said was the SNP's "obsession" with an "unwanted and unnecessary" second independence referendum.
In her BBC interview, Ms Sturgeon said the Labour leader was not "credible as an alternative prime minister".
Asked whether her party would back Labour in key Budget votes if there was a hung Parliament, she said: "We will work for progressive policies and we will work for the policies we put forward in our manifesto."
If there was a hung Parliament, she said "of course we would look to be part of a progressive alliance that pursued progressive policies" but predicted this would not be the outcome despite polls showing a narrowing of the Tories' lead.
"Voting Labour in Scotland risks letting the Tories in," she said.
'Clear hint'
Ms Sturgeon said she did not agree with Mr Corbyn's plans to raise corporation tax - a key source of funding for Labour's manifesto pledges.
And asked about her predecessor Alex Salmond's claim that Labour was "copying" key SNP policies, she added: "Imitation is the sincerest form of flattery."
The SNP launches its manifesto on Tuesday, and Ms Sturgeon promised to "get Scotland's voice heard".
She gave what she described as a "clear hint" on public sector pay, which is currently subject to a cap, saying future settlements should "recognise the cost of living pressures that public sector workers are having to live under".
The Scottish government's public sector workers are currently restricted to an average 1% pay rise in line with the rest of the UK, although it has offered extra help for the lowest paid.
Ms Sturgeon was also quizzed on her party's record in government in Scotland, where it controls devolved policies such as health and education.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption An independent Scotland under the SNP would want to be a "full member" of the European Union, says Nicola Sturgeon
"I don't sit here and say that we're perfect," she said of the performance of Scotland's schools, but she insisted progress was being made.
The SNP leader, who is pushing for a second referendum on Scottish independence before the Brexit process has been completed, also set out her bid to keep Scotland in the EU.
She said it was her aim to maintain full EU membership, although if independence was secured after the UK had left, an interim arrangement might be needed to maintain single market membership.
Labour's shadow international trade secretary Barry Gardiner rejected the idea of a progressive alliance, telling BBC Radio 4's Westminster Hour: "If Labour were to be the largest single party, then the honourable thing to do in my view is to govern as a minority government."
He said other parties would then be challenged to back Labour's "progressive" policies by voting for them.
The Tories claimed Ms Sturgeon's comments meant Mr Corbyn could be "propped up" as prime minister by the SNP during Brexit talks.
'Roll over'
Scottish Conservative MSP Murdo Fraser said: "Nicola Sturgeon has underlined the danger presented by the SNP at this election.
"She confirmed what everybody in Scotland knows - she wants to get up on 9 June and use the election result to manufacture the case for another referendum.
"And she confirmed that the SNP would back Jeremy Corbyn as prime minister if there is a hung parliament.
"We know she would demand a referendum in independence as part of any deal with Labour. And given Jeremy Corbyn has said he's 'absolutely fine' with a referendum, we know he'd be willing to roll over."
Scottish Liberal Democrats Willie Rennie said: "Nicola Sturgeon says Jeremy Corbyn isn't a credible candidate for prime minister but is prepared to make him prime minister. It's an absurd position.
"Liberal Democrats have ruled out any coalitions. There will be no coalition with Theresa May and her plan for a damaging hard Brexit and a cold hearted plan for the country.
"There will be no coalition Jeremy Corbyn and his plan to support that damaging hard Brexit."
UV radiation
Which environmental factors affect a person's UV exposure?
Time of year and time of day
UV levels vary mainly with the height of the sun in the sky and in mid-latitudes are highest during the summer months during the 4-hour period around solar noon. During these times the sun's rays take the most direct path to earth. In contrast, during early morning or late afternoon hours the sun's rays pass at a greater angle through the atmosphere. Much more UV radiation is absorbed and fewer reaches the Earth.
Latitude
UV levels are higher closer to the equator. Closer to the equator the sun's rays have a shorter distance to travel through the atmosphere and therefore less of the harmful UV radiation can be absorbed.
Altitude
With increasing altitude less atmosphere is available to absorb UV radiation. With every 1000 m in altitude, UV levels increase by approximately 10 per cent.
Clouds and haze
Be careful not to underestimate the amount of UV radiation passing through clouds
40%
75%
Ground reflection
With kind permission from Digital Context AB
Many surfaces reflect UV radiation and add to the overall UV levels you experience. While grass, soil or water reflect less than 10 per cent of incident UV radiation, sand reflects about 15 per cent, and sea foam about 25 per cent. Fresh snow is a particularly good reflector and almost doubles a person's UV exposure. Recurring incidences of snow blindness or photokeratitis in skiers emphasize that UV protective measures must take ground reflection into account.
UV levels are the highest under cloudless skies, and cloud cover generally reduces a person's exposure. However, light or thin clouds have little effect and may even enhance UV levels because of scattering. Don't be fooled by an overcast day or a cool breeze! Even a long stay in open shade, for example between buildings, may give a sensitive person a sunburn on a day with high UV levels.
Catherine Ivill/Getty Images
Arsenal forward Alexis Sanchez has reportedly agreed terms with Manchester City on a £12 million deal that will last until the summer of 2021.
The Gunners contract rebel is set to become a free agent in the summer, but TransferMarketWeb reported a deal could still come to fruition in January (h/t Daily Star's David Wright).
The suggested figures would equate to a salary of £230,000 per week for Sanchez at the Etihad Stadium, although Paris Saint-Germain's supposed interest could throw a spanner in the works for City.
The Chile international was reportedly close to joining Pep Guardiola's side in the summer, but Arsenal's failure to sign AS Monaco star Thomas Lemar as his replacement saw the chase end. Gunners chief Arsene Wenger recently said there's been "no approach" for his player, via Goal:
Sanchez made a slow start to the campaign following the summer saga but is now firmly back in Arsenal's XI. He has started 14 of their 19 Premier League games, albeit with a far lower production rate than usual.
The 29-year-old has scored five times and made three assists in 16 top-flight outings this term, and Goal's Chris Wheatley felt his performance in the recent 3-3 draw against Liverpool was rather wasteful:
Reports of a contract being agreed between the player and Manchester City only count for so much, however, as the Gunners would need to agree a transfer fee to secure a January move.
Sanchez will be free to sign a pre-contract agreement with any non-English outfit next month in advance of a free transfer at the end of this season, but the Etihad Stadium is said to be his favoured destination, per Wright.
The Mirror's John Cross recently appeared on BBC 5 live Sport and reported that "PSG are the only other club interested," although he added waiting on a summer deal is an option for the Citizens:
That could end up being a risky manoeuvre, as it would leave Sanchez open to negotiate with foreign powers in the coming months.
In any case, the chances of the Chilean signing a contract extension at the Emirates Stadium look as slim as ever, and City still look like the team to beat.
More than 200 people were killed in a suicide bombing in a shopping mall in a Shia area of Baghdad for which the Islamic State (ISIS) claimed responsibility. The prime minister, Haider al-Abadi, called for three days of mourning, while facing protesters at his house and of his convoy who blamed lapses by the government for allowing such large amounts of explosives into residential neighborhoods.
ISIS promised more terrorist attacks on the West during Ramadan, but most of the attacks connected to them in the last month have come in majority Muslim countries like Bangladesh and Turkey. The Orlando shooting, in which 49 people were killed and where the shooter called 911 to pledge allegiance to ISIS, is the only major terrorist attack in the West during Ramadan, while more than 500 people have been killed in terrorist attacks and attacks on military targets attributed to ISIS or its adherents, with hundreds more killed by terror groups affiliating with ISIS, like Boko Haram in Nigeria and Al-Shabaab in Somalia.
The end of Ramadan saw a suicide bomber detonating himself near the Saudi security office of the Prophet's Mosque in Medina, one of the holiest sites in Islam, after suicide bombers blew themselves up near a Shiite mosque in Qatif as well as near a U.S. consulate and a mosque in Jeddah. Analysts say the attacks represent a challenge by ISIS to Saudi Arabia's authority as guardian of Islam's holy cities of Mecca and Medina. There have been a number of ISIS attacks in the country in the last year.
Saudi authorities identified the Jeddah attacker as a Pakistani national who had been living in Saudi Arabia for 12 years. Pakistan said it would investigate the claim. A Saudi security spokesperson said the attackers intentions were "still unclear" since there was a mosque, local security forces, and a U.S. consulate in the vicinity of the bomber, whose vest only partially detonated.
Four security officers were killed in the attacks across Saudi Arabia. There were no claims of responsibility but authorities say the attacks bore the "hallmarks" of ISIS.
A BIP-0032 compatible Hierarchical Deterministic Groestlcoin Wallet
The app allows you to send and receive Groestlcoins on your device using QR codes and URI links.
When using this app, please back up your wallet and email them to yourself! This will save your wallet in a password-protected file. Then your coins can be retrieved even if you loose your phone.
Changelog Groestlcoin Wallet v5.24.1:
• After a couple of weeks of not being used, the app will notify if there are still coins in the wallet.
• Improve mechanism for setting a trusted peer and warn if its hostname cannot be resolved.
• Add warning to RBF (replace-by-fee) transactions
• On Android 6.0 (Marshmellow) and above, you can now grant or revoke app permissions at will. The current permissions are: Camera (for scanning QR codes) and Read/Write External Storage (for wallet backups).
• Strengthen security of spending PIN.
• Speed up wallet decryption when using a spending PIN
• Supports HTTP/2 and ALPN on all HTTP calls (e.g. payment protocol).
• Slightly more robust scanning of QR codes.
• Fix detection of network state. This needs the ACCESS_NETWORK_STATE permission
• The app now requires Android 4.1 (Jelly Bean) or higher. This makes UI development easier in future.
• For Android 6.0 (Marshmellow) and above, bring back the ability to receive payments via Bluetooth. This means your customers can pay without being connected to the internet!
• Nicely animated appearance of main screen on phones.
• Query a set of Electrum-GRS servers to swipe paper wallets
Changelog Groestlcoin Wallet 4.46.2:
• Automatically close send coins dialog if payment was successful. This can be disabled in the settings.
• Adjusts to the new network fee rules imposed by Groestlcoin Core.
• Now requires Android 4.0.3 (ICS) for all subprojects.
• Hint to enable storage encryption.
• Allow raising the fee of an unconfirmed transaction. Uses child-pays-for-parent (CPFP).
• Pay the default fee for sweeping paper wallets.
• Setting for own name, to be added as a label/memo to payment requests.
• List animations for network monitor.
• Migrate build from Maven to Gradle. This should make things easier for Android Studio users.
• In-app payments integration (integration-android) now available on Maven Central and jCenter.
• Nice slide-in animation for sent payment.
• Tint incoming transactions in green, outgoing in red.
• Tint action bar labels.
• Material design for list of transactions.
• Update android-maven-plugin to 4.2.0, so we can use AARs.
• Use action bar submenu for filtering wallet transactions, rather than a ViewPager.
• Speed up transactions list.
• Update QR-code scanner to ZXing 3.2.0.
• Show derived addresses in address book under "your addresses".
• Show "to addresses" of received payments, rather than "from addresses".
• Speed up blockchain sync.
• Improve entry of password in backup wallet dialog.
• Share current wallet address by tapping on it.
• Update dialogs to material theme on Lollipop devices.
• Show and share extended public key. This can be used to grant read-only access to your wallet. The new option is available in the diagnostics settings.
• Record fiat amount for sent payments.
You can donate in the app directly to Hashengineering for his hard work. On the menu go to "donate".
Groestlcoin Wallet is available in the Google Play Store:
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=hashengineering.groestlcoin.wallet
Source code:
https://github.com/Groestlcoin/groestlcoinj - Groestlcoin Java Library (for the Android App and possibly other software)
https://github.com/Groestlcoin/groestlcoin-wallet - The Groestlcoin Android Wallet Source code
“The Skill of a Man's Right Hand,” New Era, Oct. 1972, 10
Rick Baker, a returned missionary, has attended Brigham Young University and the University of Utah. He has dreams and aspirations for the future, and he is going to be a car mechanic. Rick, studentbody president at Utah Technical College, said:
“I was doing well enough in engineering at the university, but I was not satisfied with what I was doing. I found that working with my hands gave me the feeling of accomplishment that I was looking for. In choosing a vocation, I asked myself, ‘Rick, what are you really interested in?' I love to work on my car; I love to read about engines and automobiles. Perhaps I should have recognized that it was not so much the engineering aspect of mechanical things that I enjoyed, but the actual feeling﻿—being part of making an engine run, of having my hands in things. I enjoyed reading about men like A. J. Foyt and Mark Donahue, and yes, even Henry Ford. I knew that I could be good at doing things with automobiles because I was intensely interested in them. These are a few of the indicators that helped me decide to try a technical college.” Rick also commented that consulting with his bishop and stake president was of great value to him, along with seeking our Heavenly Father in making prayerful consideration of what career he should choose.
Rick took a good look at vocational training and asked: What are the entrance requirements? Who is best suited to technical training? Is it sensible and fulfilling? Can technical training provide me with a job that will financially support a family?
Entrance requirements Although Rick had no problems with grades, he was interested in just what was required in order to enter a technical college. He found most technical and community colleges that provide vocational training have an open-door policy. This is usually defined as meaning that they will admit all persons whether or not they have completed high school.
Who is best suited for vocational training National studies indicate that the average student in occupational programs is working part- or full-time and has graduated from high school. Most, especially the women, have taken more technical or occupational courses in high school in comparison with the overall population. Most students in vocational training have tended to do better than average in mathematics, above average in natural sciences, and lower than average in English and social sciences. Although these figures are general and not always correct, they may offer some help in judging what kind of training you should pursue. In choosing what kind of training you will pursue, it is perhaps a good idea to find those qualities in yourself that can best be amplified to help you be the most productive and happiest person you can be.
Financial opportunities The opportunity for financial success was one thing that Rick Baker thought carefully about. The fact that people who are college trained make more money on the average than those who are not is an unimpeachable statistic; however, it is also a fact that good technically trained people can make better than average salaries, and well-trained people in technical areas do have some tremendous opportunities for self-employment. It seems that money can help fulfill many desires, but it can never replace the deep-down satisfaction of enjoyed accomplishment.
This is the mail archive of the gcc-patches@gcc.gnu.org mailing list for the GCC project.
[patch,ira]: Improve on updated memory cost in coloring pass of integrated register allocator.
From: Ajit Kumar Agarwal <ajit dot kumar dot agarwal at xilinx dot com>
To: "vmakarov at redhat dot com" <vmakarov at redhat dot com>, Jeff Law <law at redhat dot com>, GCC Patches <gcc-patches at gcc dot gnu dot org>
Cc: Vinod Kathail <vinodk at xilinx dot com>, Shail Aditya Gupta <shailadi at xilinx dot com>, Vidhumouli Hunsigida <vidhum at xilinx dot com>, "Nagaraju Mekala" <nmekala at xilinx dot com>
Date: Sat, 23 Jan 2016 11:09:56 +0000
Subject: [patch,ira]: Improve on updated memory cost in coloring pass of integrated register allocator.
Authentication-results: sourceware.org; auth=none
Authentication-results: spf=pass (sender IP is 149.199.60.83) smtp.mailfrom=xilinx.com; gcc.gnu.org; dkim=none (message not signed) header.d=none;gcc.gnu.org; dmarc=bestguesspass action=none header.from=xilinx.com;
This patch improves the updated memory cost in coloring pass of integrated register allocator. Only enter_freq of the loop is considered in updated memory cost in the coloring pass. Consideration of only enter_freq is based on the concept that live Out of the entry or header of the Loop is live in and liveout throughout the loop. Exit freq is ignored in the update memory cost in coloring pass. This increases the updated memory most and more chances of reducing the spill and fetch and better assignment. The concept of live-out of the header of the loop is live-in and live-out throughout of the Loop is based on the following. If a v live is out at the header of the loop then the variable is live-in at every node in the loop. To prove this, consider a loop L with header h such that the variable v defined at d is live-in at h. Since v is live at h, d is not part of L. This follows from the dominance property, i.e. h is strictly dominated by d. Furthermore, there exists a path from h to a use of v which does not go through d. For every node p in the loop, since the loop is strongly connected and node is a component of the CFG, there exists a path, consisting only of nodes of L from p to h. Concatenating these two paths proves that v is live-in and live-out of p. Bootstrapped on X86_64. Performance run is done on SPEC CPU2000 benchmarks and following are the results. SPEC INT benchmarks (Mean Score with this patch vs Mean score without this patch = 3729.777 vs 3717.083). Benchmarks Gains. 186.crafty = 2.78% 176.gcc = 0.7% 253.perlbmk = 0.75% 255.vortex = 0.82% SPEC FP benchmarks (Mean Score with this patch vs Mean score without this patch = 4774.65 vs 4751.838 ). Benchmark Gains 168.wupwise = 0.77% 171.swim = 1.5% 177.mesa = 1.2% 200.sixtrack = 1.2% 178.galgel = 0.6% 179.art = 0.6% 183.equake = 0.5% 187.facerec = 0.7%. ChangeLog: 2016-01-23 Ajit Agarwal <ajitkum@xilinx.com> * ira-color.c (color_pass): Consider only the enter_freq in calculation of update memory cost. Signed-off-by:Ajit Agarwal ajitkum@xilinx.com. --- gcc/ira-color.c | 12 +++++------- 1 files changed, 5 insertions(+), 7 deletions(-) diff --git a/gcc/ira-color.c b/gcc/ira-color.c index 1e4c64f..201017c 100644 --- a/gcc/ira-color.c +++ b/gcc/ira-color.c @@ -3173,7 +3173,7 @@ static void color_pass (ira_loop_tree_node_t loop_tree_node) { int regno, hard_regno, index = -1, n; - int cost, exit_freq, enter_freq; + int cost, enter_freq; unsigned int j; bitmap_iterator bi; machine_mode mode; @@ -3297,7 +3297,6 @@ color_pass (ira_loop_tree_node_t loop_tree_node) } continue; } - exit_freq = ira_loop_edge_freq (subloop_node, regno, true); enter_freq = ira_loop_edge_freq (subloop_node, regno, false); ira_assert (regno < ira_reg_equiv_len); if (ira_equiv_no_lvalue_p (regno)) @@ -3315,15 +3314,14 @@ color_pass (ira_loop_tree_node_t loop_tree_node) else if (hard_regno < 0) { ALLOCNO_UPDATED_MEMORY_COST (subloop_allocno) - -= ((ira_memory_move_cost[mode][rclass][1] * enter_freq) - + (ira_memory_move_cost[mode][rclass][0] * exit_freq)); + -= ((ira_memory_move_cost[mode][rclass][1] * enter_freq)); } else { aclass = ALLOCNO_CLASS (subloop_allocno); ira_init_register_move_cost_if_necessary (mode); cost = (ira_register_move_cost[mode][rclass][rclass] - * (exit_freq + enter_freq)); + * (enter_freq)); ira_allocate_and_set_or_copy_costs (&ALLOCNO_UPDATED_HARD_REG_COSTS (subloop_allocno), aclass, ALLOCNO_UPDATED_CLASS_COST (subloop_allocno), @@ -3339,8 +3337,8 @@ color_pass (ira_loop_tree_node_t loop_tree_node) ALLOCNO_UPDATED_CLASS_COST (subloop_allocno) = ALLOCNO_UPDATED_HARD_REG_COSTS (subloop_allocno)[index]; ALLOCNO_UPDATED_MEMORY_COST (subloop_allocno) - += (ira_memory_move_cost[mode][rclass][0] * enter_freq - + ira_memory_move_cost[mode][rclass][1] * exit_freq); + += (ira_memory_move_cost[mode][rclass][0] * enter_freq); + } } } -- 1.7.1 Thanks & Regards Ajit
[Main] [Features] [News Archive] [Examples] [Download] [Documentation] [Mailing lists] [Report Bugs] [Issue Tracker]
[Developer Section] [To do] [Authors] [Code Changelog] [Screenshots] [Ecasound Users]
mirrors: nosignal.fi (eu) / seul.org (us) / sourceforge.net (us)
Ecasound is a software package designed for multitrack audio processing. It can be used for simple tasks like audio playback, recording and format conversions, as well as for multitrack effect processing, mixing, recording and signal recycling. Ecasound supports a wide range of audio inputs, outputs and effect algorithms. Effects and audio objects can be combined in various ways, and their parameters can be controlled by operator objects like oscillators and MIDI-CCs. A versatile console mode user-interface is included in the package. See key features and technologies for more details.
Primary platform for running Ecasound is GNU/Linux. Ecasound can also be run on many UNIX-derived systems such as FreeBSD, Mac OS X and Solaris. Limited support for Windows is available through Cygwin.
Ecasound is free software. It is distributed under terms of the GNU General Public License. See the file 'COPYING' for details. This file is included in all Ecasound distribution packages.
There was a big win for the digital rights community today, with a ruling that ensured it was legal for anyone to tinker with their motor, their iPhone or whatever technology they'd purchased. But the freedoms will only last for three years, when the fight between anti-tinkering corporations and activists will resume, absent any major legislative changes.
Prior to today's decision by the Librarian of Congress, car manufacturers, the most vocal being General Motors, had attempted to block an exemption, the proposed Class 21 in the Digital Millennium Copyright Act (DMCA), that would allow anyone to play with the code that ran on vehicles they'd bought. It would do so by granting a degree of immunity from possible prosecutions using Section 1201 of the DMCA, which prohibited unlocking “access controls” in software.
GM claimed the exemption "could introduce safety and security issues as well as facilitate violation of various laws designed specifically to regulate the modern car, including emissions, fuel economy, and vehicle safety regulations". Agricultural, construction and forestry equipment manufacturer John Deere offered a somewhat left-field opinion, claiming the exemption might allow drivers to listen to pirated music and audio books or watch copyrighted films in their tractors or other vehicle.
Supporters of Class 21, however, argued that researchers needed access to vehicles' code to uncover potential vulnerabilities and that anyone who paid for a product should be able to alter it how they wished. Cars have become increasingly connected in recent years, providing more functionality but opening up potential weaknesses that could be exposed by malicious hackers. Tinkerers also see the added connectivity as an avenue for modification.
Their case was helped by a year that saw numerous issues raised with vehicles' security, including a remote control attack on a Jeep and hacks of the OBD 2 port used for car monitoring and maintenance. The Volkswagen scandal, where software was used to make it appear the car was adhering to emissions standards when it was not, may also have provided more reasons to allow independent testers to probe automobiles' code.
And, following months of protest from the Electronic Frontier Foundation (EFF), the security research community, benevolent hackers and scores of other activists, the final decision was to pass the exemption. A separate decision to renew a previous exemption for jailbreaking iPhones and other mobile devices was also granted. Another ruling meant computer game enthusiasts could modify their games to continue playing them even after support was killed off.
“This ‘access control' rule is supposed to protect against unlawful copying,” said EFF staff attorney Kit Walsh. “But as we've seen in the recent Volkswagen scandal - where VW was caught manipulating smog tests - it can be used instead to hide wrongdoing hidden in computer code. We are pleased that analysts will now be able to examine the software in the cars we drive without facing legal threats from car manufacturers."
Walsh expressed disappointment the exemption would not come into force for another year. There may also be a limitation on what tinkerers can do, as the exemption does not allow for modification of "computer programs primarily designed for the control of telematics or entertainment systems for such vehicle", though security researchers should still be allowed to poke holes in them.
"This is a significant step forward for security research and acknowledges the value research plays in protecting consumers from risk of harm. There is still more work to be done – for example the exemption is limited in its application, and the Computer Fraud and Abuse Act still presents many challenges – but this represents an important shift in the discussion around security research at the Government level," added Jen Ellis, vice president of community and public affairs at Rapid7, and one of the campaigners for the exemption.
"We look forward to continuing to collaborate with both Congress and the administration to build even greater understanding of, and protections for, security research."
Ellis raised concerns about the Computer Fraud and Abuse Act that could still be used to aggressively pursued good-guy hackers, and that the exemptions only lasted three years; a "ridiculous system", said EFF Legal Director Corynne McSherry.
Northeastern University professor of law Andrea Matwyshyn said it would make sense for Congress to amend the DMCA to create a new category of exemptions that automatically renewed. "The burden for terminating an autorenewing exemption should then shift to the parties who believe the exemption to have become unnecessary or damaging.
"The security research exemption granted today is an obvious choice for an automatically renewing exemption; it will clearly continue to be be necessary for the foreseeable future."
It seems the road to digital freedom is a long, winding one.
Recent Examples on the Web
Centuries' worth of contrapuntal development that led to Bach's fugues and Bartok's string quartets was discarded by the stroke of a musical anarchist. Mark Swed, latimes.com, "Four radical and radically original pieces of music that blew up the modernist status quo in 1968," 21 Apr. 2018
Centuries' worth of contrapuntal development that led to Bach's sublime fugues and Bartok's wondrous string quartets was seemingly discarded by the stroke of a musical anarchist. Mark Swed, latimes.com, "Four radical and radically original pieces of music that blew up the modernist status quo in 1968," 21 Apr. 2018
In March, Melnikov will perform the complete preludes and fugues by Dmitri Shostakovich in one gulp. Patrick Neas, kansascity, "Friends of Chamber Music announce a ‘Transcendant' 2018-19 season," 2 June 2018
Throughout, The Staircase maintains a limpid clarity that leaves open the possibility of both Michael Peterson's perfect innocence and total complicity, which puts the viewer in the awful, fugue-like gray area of constant reckoning. Sonia Saraiya, HWD, "Review: Whether Old or New, The Staircase Offers No Easy Answers," 8 June 2018
Vampyr opens in a wild fugue, as Reid's bloodlust forces him to murder his own sister, and then finds himself on the run from vampire hunters out for revenge. Julie Muncy, WIRED, "The Messiness of Vampyr Doesn't Weaken Its Bite," 7 June 2018
Beyond that, the pianist also a proved a digital wizard, voicing lines in his one hand the way Baroque masters play fugues with two. Zachary Lewis, cleveland.com, "Cleveland Orchestra shines in Ravel, with notable assists from Pintscher, Thibaudet (review)," 23 Feb. 2018
The twists and turns make for a fantastic read, but there is also the underlying fugue of displacement. Karin Slaughter, chicagotribune.com, "What Stephen King gets right - and wrong - in 'The Outsider'," 23 May 2018
Flat Major gave Solzhenitsyn a powerful chance to contrast the proud chorale-like prelude with a fugue of fearsome clusters. Peter Dobrin, Philly.com, "Ignat Solzhenitsyn returns to town for PCMS recital," 14 Jan. 2018
These example sentences are selected automatically from various online news sources to reflect current usage of the word 'fugue.' Views expressed in the examples do not represent the opinion of Merriam-Webster or its editors. Send us feedback.
Newcastle Jets are pleased to confirm the signing of promising left-sided central defender Lachlan Jackson on a one-season Hyundai A-League contract.
Jackson arrives at the Jets having made three senior appearances for competition rivals Brisbane Roar in last season's A-League.
The addition of Jackson to the Jets' senior roster completes the club's requirements under A-League regulations to contract three players aged 20 or under. Jackson joins Radovan Pavicevic and Joshua Barresi in this group.
Born in Townsville, the tall 20-year-old was a member of Roar's 2015 AFC Champions League squad and indeed scored his maiden A-League goal against Newcastle in the final regular season round last campaign.
Jackson completed his medical with the club on Friday and will commence training with the first team today.
The youngster said that he is delighted to be taking the next step in his career by penning his first professional contract with Newcastle.
“I am excited to join the Jets,” Jackson said. “I think moving down here is a good choice for me.”
“Working with Scott [Miller] and ‘JP' [Jean-Paul de Marigny] I think I can progress my career.”
“Towards the end of last season I got to make a few senior appearances for Brisbane, and in the game against Newcastle I think they saw something that they liked, which is encouraging.”
“I am looking forward to being part of the rebuild here in Newcastle, and helping to establish the Jets as a strong competitor.”
Newcastle Jets mentor Miller said that Jackson would add depth and balance to his central defensive options.
“In Lachlan we see a player with substantial potential and someone who ought to benefit from being in a full time environment learning from experienced professionals in his position, particularly Nigel Boogaard and Daniel Mullen,” Miller said.
“He's exceptionally driven and demonstrates sound tactical awareness and composure in possession, which are desirable traits for our club and team.
“While Lachlan starts with us on a one-season contract, we view him as a player who can develop into a regular A-League starter with the club in the coming years.
“As a club we're excited to help Lachlan achieve his goals,” Miller concluded.
Just when the Russia investigation was sliding onto the back pages . . . tonight happened. The first scoop, from the New York Times, indicates that Paul Manafort may soon face criminal charges:
Paul J. Manafort was in bed early one morning in July when federal agents bearing a search warrant picked the lock on his front door and raided his Virginia home. They took binders stuffed with documents and copied his computer files, looking for evidence that Mr. Manafort, President Trump's former campaign chairman, set up secret offshore bank accounts. They even photographed the expensive suits in his closet. The special counsel, Robert S. Mueller III, then followed the house search with a warning: His prosecutors told Mr. Manafort they planned to indict him, said two people close to the investigation.
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
To be clear, these potential indictments may not be directly related to the 2016 election and may relate to financial dealings independent of Manafort's relationship with Trump. Mueller is reportedly looking at possible “violations of tax laws, money-laundering prohibitions and requirements to disclose foreign lobbying.”
As if the Times report wasn't enough, CNN followed up with the revelation that is tearing up Twitter as we speak. The government allegedly wiretapped Manafort, including during times when he worked with Trump:
US investigators wiretapped former Trump campaign chairman Paul Manafort under secret court orders before and after the election, sources tell CNN, an extraordinary step involving a high-ranking campaign official now at the center of the Russia meddling probe. The government snooping continued into early this year, including a period when Manafort was known to talk to President Donald Trump. Some of the intelligence collected includes communications that sparked concerns among investigators that Manafort had encouraged the Russians to help with the campaign, according to three sources familiar with the investigation. Two of these sources, however, cautioned that the evidence is not conclusive.
Advertisement
Advertisement
According to CNN, Manafort had been the “subject” of an investigation that dated back to 2014 that was related to his work for the former Ukrainian government. The surveillance was discontinued “for lack of evidence” but then restarted again under a new FISA warrant “that extended at least until early this year.”
If you read the CNN report closely, you'll note that there is much that is “unclear” (to use CNN's words.) The new FISA warrant was allegedly related to suspected contacts between Manafort and Russian operatives, but it's unclear where his phones were tapped, or if they actually swept up conversations with Trump.
What to make of all this? First, if the reports regarding Manafort are accurate (a big if), then this is disturbing news about the former campaign chair for the president of the United States. As our Andy McCarthy has explained, to obtain a FISA warrant the government has to bring forward evidence sufficient to establish probable cause that the wiretap target is the agent of a foreign power. That's not a terribly high evidentiary threshold, but if there also exists sufficient evidence to indict Manafort (possibly for unrelated acts), then the stakes escalate considerably.
None of this means that Manafort is actually guilty of anything, but only the most mindless, tribal partisan would look at these developments with anything but concern and alarm. Potential corruption that close to the president – especially when connected with our nation's chief geopolitical foe – is deeply problematic.
Advertisement
But that's not all there is to this story. Not by a long shot. Some Trump defenders are taking the news that Manafort may have been wiretapped (possibly even in Trump tower) as vindication of Trump's claims this March that “Obama had my wires tapped' in Trump Tower just before the victory.” Department of Justice officials from both the Obama and Trump campaigns have denied Trump's claim, and on September 4 his own Department of Justice responded to Freedom of Information Act request by stating, “Both FBI and NSD confirm that they have no records related to wiretaps as described by the March 4, 2017 tweets.”
Obviously, wiretapping Manafort is not the same thing as wiretapping Trump, but the repeated, blanket denials seem disingenuous if Trump is actually on tape. The legal distinctions do matter, but these legal distinctions tend to get lost in the heat of partisan debate. I hope and pray that DOJ officials' desire to rebut the president didn't get ahead of their prudence. Would “no comment” have been a better response than a vigorous denial?
Advertisement
At the same time, Trump partisans need to understand that it's outrageous to wiretap Manafort only if the law and evidence don't support the DOJ's action. If there was probable cause that he is or was an agent of a foreign power, his status as Trump's campaign chair doesn't and shouldn't protect him from appropriate scrutiny. Did the FBI do the right thing? Time will tell.
That's the key – time will tell. It's important to understand that we don't know any of the key facts. Unless and until we see evidence, judgment as to whether Manafort (or anyone else in the administration) is corrupt will have to wait. Final judgment about the FBI's actions will have to wait as well. The phrase “fog of war” comes to mind. We're in the midst of a dense fog, and we can barely the road ahead. I know enough to be concerned. I know that conclusions are premature. I also hope that the Robert Mueller continues to work with all deliberate, competent speed. Uncertainty, speculation, and reflexive tribal rage are all bad for the American body politic. In due time, we'll need light. Lord knows we've endured enough heat.
Has Iran's Supreme Leader issued a fatwa prohibiting the manufacture and use of nuclear weapons? U.S. policymakers, including Secretary of State Hillary Clinton, seem to think so. They believe that such a fatwa, or religious ruling, may prove critical in negotiations to stop Iran's nuclear ambitions short of a bomb.
Given that Ayatollah Ali Khamenei is not only Iran's foremost political leader but also the country's foremost spiritual authority, a ruling of this sort would mark a major breakthrough. Such a possibility has certainly been on Clinton's mind. Earlier this month, on the eve of the first round of negotiations in Istanbul between American and Iranian diplomats, she explained: If the fatwa “is indeed a statement of principle, of values, then it is a starting point for being operationalized, which means that it serves as the entryway into a negotiation as to how you demonstrate that it is indeed a sincere, authentic statement of conviction.”
The fatwa is believed to date back to 2005—or at least that's the date that Iranian officials cite. For instance, just two weeks ago a Washington Post op-ed (“Iran: We do not want nuclear weapons”) by Iranian Foreign Minister Ali Akbar Salehi referred to the 2005 ruling: “Almost seven years ago, Iranian Supreme Leader Khamenei made a binding commitment. He issued a religious edict—a fatwa—forbidding the production, stockpiling and use of nuclear weapons.”
Well, that would seem to solve everything. If Iran doesn't really want the bomb, then the confrontation that so many fears will have been averted. Indeed, if Khamenei has declared that a nuclear bomb is un-Islamic, then the second round of negotiations between Iran and the United States scheduled for Baghdad at the end of next month is unnecessary.
Unfortunately, no one can find the fatwa. And even if it did exist, it would appear that it is nothing more than a ploy to sow confusion among Iranian adversaries—especially the United States.
Last week the Jerusalem-based Middle East Media Research Institute released a report arguing that Khamenei's anti-nuclear fatwa doesn't exist. MEMRI staffers could find no evidence of any such fatwa on the websites belonging to Khamenei—neither his personal site, nor the one devoted exclusively to his fatwas. MEMRI concluded: “No such fatwa ever existed or was ever published, and that media reports about it are nothing more than a propaganda ruse on the part of the Iranian regime apparatuses—in an attempt to deceive top U.S. administration officials and the others mentioned above.”
Others beg to differ with MEMRI's findings, including Middle East experts like Juan Cole. Last week, the University of Michigan professor argued that Khamenei did issue the fatwa—even though Cole couldn't find the ruling or even notice of it on the Iranian News Agency's website. According to Cole, the official state news-agency report has simply “gone into the deep web” and the fact that it isn't surfacing is “irrelevant.”
Let's say though, for the sake of argument, that such a fatwa does exist. The fact that American officials seem to be basing U.S. policy on the existence of a fatwa represents a much more serious problem than the prospect of an Iranian bomb.
Cole, Clinton, and the U.S. State Department have missed the essential point: If there is indeed a fatwa, why would Iran's commander-in-chief, Khamenei, violate an edict set down by the country's preeminent religious authority, who happens to be the very same person? In other words, Khamenei is still moving toward acquiring the bomb that Khamenei is alleged to have forbidden.
In their more lucid moments, American policymakers know that the Iranians really are building a bomb. Otherwise, Washington would not be leveling sanctions against the Islamic Republic for its nascent nuclear weapons program. Nor would the U.S. intelligence community devote so much attention and so many resources to tracking the program, and we'd be able to reassure our regional allies, especially Israel and Sunni Arab states like Saudi Arabia, that Iran surely can't be building a bomb, because “Hey, they have a fatwa against it.”
But the fact that Tehran is indeed moving ahead with the bomb suggests that even if the fatwa does exist, it is simply intended as an information operation meant to confuse the United States. That American officials appear to be so easily taken in by this propaganda campaign damages U.S. prestige. Our allies, even in the Muslim world, wonder why the Obama Administration would bother taking seriously a fatwa from a state sponsor of terror. After all, the regime has issued numerous outrageous fatwas, including one that opined on the permissibility of sex with chickens, and another that called for the head of novelist Salman Rushdie.
But give the Iranians some credit. By cloaking their disinformation campaign in exotic garb, the regime in Tehran targeted an American weakness and hit home. Since 9/11, the United States' engagement in the Middle East has been scored with error after error, partly because we have made Middle Eastern cultures seem more alien than they really are in an attempt to be culturally sensitive.
Consider, for instance, the New York Times account of the anti-nuclear fatwa: “[S]ome analysts say that Ayatollah Khamenei's denial of Iranian nuclear ambitions has to be seen as part of a Shiite historical concept called taqiyya, or religious dissembling. For centuries an oppressed minority within Islam, Shiites learned to conceal their sectarian identity to survive, and so there is a precedent for lying to protect the Shiite community.”
Yes, taqiyya—or deceiving nonbelievers in order to protect yourself—is a significant concept in Shia Islam, but so what? If, say, a Shia burglar is caught with stolen goods in Brooklyn, and he tells the NYPD that he actually just found the TV and toaster, is he practicing taqiyya, or is he simply lying? When we're dealing with Muslims and the Middle East, Americans have proven virtually incapable of seeing matters clearly. There's always some exotic interpretation on offer when the more mundane explanation seems politically incorrect.
In effect, this country's intellectual and political elite—including policymakers from the Bush and Obama Administrations—consistently entertain Orientalist conceits. The Muslim world, in their view, is a region of surpassing strangeness that can only be comprehended, and even then only dimly, by familiarizing ourselves with alien concepts, like taqiyya and fatwas.
Similarly, we seem incapable of grasping how Muslim leaders are motivated by the sort of mundane desires that consume their Western counterparts, like power and wealth. No, that's banal, and insufficiently Oriental. The Iranians don't really care about becoming the hegemon in the oil-rich Persian Gulf and lording it over their Sunni Arab neighbors; all they're really interested in is the return of the 12th imam. After all, they're so different from us; they write fatwas!
The belief of U.S. policymakers that somehow the anti-nuclear fatwa must play a role in formulating our Iran strategy should be cause for radical reassessment. Over the last decade, the United States has failed to win two wars in the Middle East, not because we did not sufficiently understand the region, but because our almost comical sensitivity to other cultures and societies suggests we have lost faith in our own good sense. It is no wonder American policymakers dread a conflict with Iran so much that they are looking for exit strategies in a fatwa.
***
Like this article? Sign up for our Daily Digest to get Tablet Magazine's new content in your inbox each morning.
Lee Smith is the author of The Consequences of Syria.
Here is another one of my top choices, "Alone".﻿
With that, I was out the door and embarking on my first ever run synced to electronic dance music. For the most part, I am not a super emotional person. I tend to hide my emotions more readily than put them on display for all to see. Furthermore, I don't buy into much spiritual stuff about “sending good vibes” and feeling people's energy, not that I don't see the value of support from others or self confidence. However, even with my rather cynical mindset I found this run to be more emotionally charged and filled with more out of the ordinary thoughts than my standard run of the same route.
It started off like most other runs along my standard neighborhood route; the sidewalk and road cracks here and there, the resident turkey there. Maybe there was a bit more “pep in my step” due to the fast tempo in my earbuds that I wasn't accustomed to, but otherwise it felt like a standard run. It wasn't until about five miles, the halfway point of my run, that I started feeling that this music was altering my thoughts and emotions during my run. I began thinking about appreciating our surroundings. Since I prefer trail running over road running, the fact that this thought popped in my head during my standard neighborhood road run route surprised me.
I looked at the houses and appreciated the architecture and the work that went into the design of them. How can one say that architecture isn't an art in itself? For that matter, what about the landscaping? I appreciated the materials that went into the building of those homes: the years and labor hours that were spent on the research, development, and production of those materials. I thought about the chemists that were involved in the development of the paints, siding, shingles, and insulation in every home on the street I was running along. I admired the structural and environmental engineers that designed and finalized all of the minute details of the working parts of the home and macro impacts of the development itself. I thought of the foresters and mill workers that made the lumber and the drivers that transported those materials from the forest to the mill to the building sites. I thought of the landscape architects that designed the layouts of the yards with the trees and shrubs. That led me to appreciate the nurseries and their employees that produced the plants. Additionally, it led to the appreciation of the landscape companies and their workers for installing the shrubs, trees, and turf.
That last paragraph may sound like nothing but an unadulterated praise of capitalism, but it is in fact just my reiteration of thoughts during this run of my recognition of the worth of individuals' contributions to a shared project. Whether it had been building homes, growing corn, or launching a satellite into orbit; I believe that in my state of mind I would have seen the beauty in the orchestration of any of them and appreciated them all equally. Basically, the point of this entire writing is to encourage the appreciation of your surroundings.
I'll be the first to admit that I usually don't appreciate my environment when I do my standard neighborhood runs. I typically view it as a convenient way to get some miles in. After this morning's run though, I appreciated my standard running route in a way that I had not before. It really opened my eyes to how much a run can be influenced by altering one small aspect of it, such as auditory input. It amazed me that I had not been so aware of this fact earlier. I've run the same routes multiple times many times with mixed results. Sometimes it's the weather that changes or just my attitude. Sometimes I'm too hungry or my stomach feels too full. Whatever the variable is that you choose, there is some impact from said variable on how your run turns out. The key is to realize that YOUR run is being impacted by these inputs. Once this is realized and accepted, one can run through and minimize the impacts of perceived negative inputs on their running regime. Additionally, one can breathe new life into old and boring running routines. Change your music, add music, run hungry, run full, run topless, push a stuffed armadillo in a stroller. The point is to change up your routine if the routine of it has begun to impact your motivation. It isn't the activity of running that has become boring or routine to you, it is your perception of it.
To shun British legacy on dress code, MP government will introduce a ‘Bhartiya Paridhan' for convocations of universities of the state.
Opposing convocation dress code which comprises a gown and a mortarboard (cap) being used for a long time, MP government has taken a decision to introduce Indian dress code for convocation.
The dress may be a combination of modern and Indian dress, said sources.
Higher education minister Jaibhan Singh Pawaiya had asked vice chancellors in October to introduce Indian dress for the convocation. The minister was also giving the convocations a miss due to the reason.
A committee of vice chancellors was formed to decide the dress code.
The committee head and vice chancellor Sangeet Shukla said, “The government wanted to end the British legacy in convocation ceremony. The focus is on Bhartiya Paridhan (Indian traditional dress) which will be suitable for both male and female students.”
“As the convocation is a prestigious moment for every student so we will introduce a dress which is liked by students. The dress is being designed by fashion designers which will be a combination of modern and traditional Indian dresses. The fabric may be silk. We are also discussing what can be design of the cap,” said Shukla.
A section of members of committee has given an option of Kurta, Pyajama with jacket. Barkatullah University vice chancellor MD Tiwari said, “We have given an option of Kurta, Pyajama with jacket but the final decision will be taken by the committee.”
“The different option of dresses will be presented in a meeting of committee of vice chancellors on March 20. We will present different options in front of governor OP Kohli in a meeting of standing committee scheduled to be held on April 17 to finalise a dress code. From the next academic session, the dress code will be introduced,” said Ashish Upadhyaya, principal secretary, Higher Education.
The debate over convocation robe started in 2010 when former environment minister Jairam Ramesh shrugged off the robe in a convocation ceremony of IIFM in Bhopal. Ramesh termed it as a ‘barbaric colonial practice'.
Later, revenue minister Umashankar Gupta also raised the issue.
First Published: Mar 18, 2017 14:33 IST
Police put up crime scene tape at the apartment where the woman was found.
Advertisement Woman found slain in Fells Point apartment Police: 40-year-old Claudia Parodi had trauma to her body Share Shares Copy Link Copy
Baltimore City police are investigating the killing of a woman who was found in a Fells Point apartment.Mobile users tap here to watch video | Hear from neighborsPolice were called to an apartment in the 700 block of South Bond Street shortly before 10:30 p.m. Monday by a co-worker of the victim who was concerned about her because she hadn't been heard from in several days.With help from city firefighters, police entered the apartment and found the 40-year-old woman dead, authorities said. She was identified Wednesday as Claudia Parodi."She sustained trauma to the body. I don't want to get into specifics of the case," said Baltimore police Sgt. Jarron Jackson.Police said they do not believe Parodi's death was random, and they have strong leads in the investigation.According to social media, Parodi had worked at the restaurant Pazo in Harbor East for three years. Workers there were too upset to talk Tuesday, but a statement from the restaurant described her as a bubbly, vibrant, gracious and intelligent woman."We were blessed to have known her for three years," the statement read. Parodi was called a popular server and beloved team member. The statement concluded: "We are incredibly sad and will miss her greatly."One small bouquet of flowers was placed outside the apartment building where Parodi was found. Meanwhile, neighbors in that area are on edge."She was a nice person. She always saw me and my family and said hi," one neighbor told 11 News.Some said until Parodi's killer is caught, they're going to be extra cautious. "Everybody's kind of scared and watching their backs and stuff like that," said neighbor Samantha Offenbacker.Homicide detectives are still investigating. Anyone with information on the case should call police at 410-396-2100.Stay with WBALTV.com and 11 News for more details as they become available.WBAL-TV 11 News reporters Barry Simms and Kim Dacey contributed to this report10047516
ORLANDO, Fla. – Central Florida quarterback Blake Bortles impressed a contingent of NFL people, including Texans coach Bill O'Brien and general manager Rick Smith, at his pro day inside the Nicholson Fieldhouse.
Bortles (6-5, 232 at the combine) made every throw during a workout that lasted about 30 minutes.
“I was very impressed,” O'Brien said. “He made every throw I wanted to see, and he showed good footwork.”
O'Brien and Smith met with Bortles on Tuesday night.
“I like what he did,” Smith said. “I was very impressed with him.”
Former NFL quarterback Ron Jaworski of ESPN graded Bortles' pro day on a scale of 1-10.
“I give him a 10,” Jaworski said. “I think he smelled a little blood in the water considering (Louisville quarterback Teddy) Bridgewater had a subpar day.
“He was well prepared and did everything right.”
Bortles, Bridgewater and Texas A&M quarterback Johnny Manziel, who has his pro day on March 27 th in College Station, are candidates to be drafted by the Texans, who have the first overall pick.
“I hope the Texans like what I did today,” Bortles said. “Of course, I'd like to be the top pick, but if I'm not, it's not the end of the world.
“I would have liked to have had a couple of throws back today, but overall I was happy with what I did. It was an awesome experience. I looked up and saw all those NFL scouts and tried to put it out of my mind and control what I can control.”
MORE: On HoustonChronicle.com: Texans writer Brian T. Smith speaks with two area football experts from UH and Rice to analyze the top QB prospects of the 2014 NFL draft who had first-hand experience defending Blake Bortles, Teddy Bridgewater and Johnny Manziel.
For every $1 that employees at the world's biggest technology companies donated to Donald Trump, they gave $60 to Hillary Clinton.
People who work at Apple, Alphabet, Microsoft, Facebook and Amazon.com sent a total of $3 million to the Democratic presidential nominee ahead of the 2016 election on Tuesday, compared with just over $50,000 to her Republican challenger, according to the Center for Responsive Politics.
Said differently, as of Oct. 19, Clinton attracted 97 percent of big tech money, with the remaining 3 percent split between Trump, Libertarian Gary Johnson and Green Party nominee Jill Stein.
Silicon Valley and Seattle, home to the technology giants, have long leaned blue, but this sort of one-sidedness is unprecedented and speaks to the technology industry's rejection of Trump's attitudes toward minorities and women and concern around pressing issues like climate change (which he called a hoax) and immigration.
"Ninety-seven percent support of Clinton is mindblowing and really suggests that we're pounding the table," said Kate Mitchell, a partner at venture firm Scale Venture Partners in Foster City, California. "We think her business policies are going to be friendlier."
Adam Chandler: How did you go from working on Wall Street to becoming a sojourner and a writer. What brought you to that?
Chris Arnade: I came to writing after growing tired of Wall Street and trying to find a different perspective of looking at things. My path is of having only looked at things from only the top down, like I think most people do these days—data-heavy, kind of macro look—and I think that way of looking at things is wrong and that's why I shifted to doing what I'm doing now, which is very first-person: Meeting people and talking to them and learning from them and getting going at the very micro level.
Chandler: With the election still fresh in mind, how do those two views clash?
Arnade: Given my past and given what I do now, I have two very different perspectives on how things played out. I see my old self, which I think is a lot of the media and the way they look at things—heavy data, big-picture—versus what I do now, which is getting into the nitty-gritty and talking to people. I feel like I can see the problems that my old way of doing things, which is the way most people do things, might have caused. You just miss things. You look at economic numbers and say “Everything's great!” and you go beneath the numbers and things aren't great.
Chandler: Were there any specific cities or towns you visited that made you think that the rise of Trump was more predictable than most people thought?
Arnade: There are so many stories. I think it was during the week of the GOP Convention when I went down to Cleveland. I didn't go to the convention at all—I spent half my time in a poor, working-class black neighborhood and half my time in a poor, working-class white neighborhood. There was a working-class, white bar I spent two days in and that's where it really struck me: This man is really resonating. This message is really taking hold and really hitting people. What sociologists and others have long talked about when you go to a poor, working-class black neighborhood is that there is this code of honor, this demand for respect. That same thing was taking place in the white bar I was seeing. And Trump was fulfilling that respect. It was all about respect, regaining respect.
I think that was something I wasn't seeing in the press at the time. I think the general story was, “Well, these are just racists.” And the people I was talking to, they didn't strike me as racist. They might be supporting someone whose policies a lot of people find as racist, but on an individual level, that wasn't what was motivating them. And then I started paying more and more attention wherever I went.
It was the morning breakfast groups I wrote about at McDonald's. How many times can you sit at a morning breakfast group and find yourself defending TARP [the $700-billion bank bailout signed by President Bush in 2008] and realize that maybe you're the one who's wrong?
In March, the federal government removed the latest vaccine injury court statistics—more than a year's worth of data—from one of its publicly reported charts. It was an abrupt departure from the normal practice of updating the figures monthly.
Wiping the latest data means the “adjudication categories by alleged vaccine” chart on a government website no longer reflects the recent, sharp rise in court victories for plaintiffs who claimed their children were seriously injured or killed by one or more vaccines.
Since January of 2014, the number of flu vaccine cases conceded by the government is more than double the previous eight years combined. The adjudication chart only reflects half of the current number.
Concessions Won by Flu Shot Victims since 2006
Chart shows (through 2013): 42
Actual number (through April 2015): 88
Total Flu Shot Victims Compensated Since 2006
Chart shows (through 2013): 1091
Actual number (through April 2015): 1271
Also on the rise is the number of vaccine injury cases the government has ‘conceded:' up 55% in a little over one year. As a result of the recent website changes, neither of these trends is reflected on the current ‘adjudication' chart.”
CDC Vaccine Safety Info
Since its inception in 2013, the “adjudication categories by alleged vaccine” chart included monthly, updated totals. But shortly after publishing the March 2015 chart, the government removed the 2015 and 2014 data, reverting back to outdated statistics from 2013.
The chart appears on the government vaccine court website, which falls under Health Resources and Services Administration, an agency of the Department of Health and Human Services (HHS).
In the unusual vaccine court, the government acts on behalf of pharmaceutical companies rather than the public, defending vaccine makers against alleged victims. Money damages are not paid by vaccine companies, but through fees collected from patients on every dose of vaccine.
Older Data Doesn't Reflect Uptick in Awards to Vaccine Victims
HRSA says vaccine makers had no influence over the decision to revert to older data. The agency said it did so to synch up with a statistic the Centers for Disease Control (CDC) provides for the same chart that is only current through 2013: the number of vaccine doses distributed in US.
“An internal decision was made to ensure that all internal data was consistent…and to update [the chart] only when all relevant data was available,” said HRSA in a statement.
(Please note that while the government has stopped posting the most recent adjudication information on its public website, it provided the statistics to me upon request.)
Court Decisions Won By Vaccine Victims Since 2006
Chart Shows (through 2013): 159
Actual Number (through April 2015): 165
Concessions Won By Vaccine Victims Since 2006
Chart Shows (through 2013): 127
Actual Number (through April 2015): 198
Vaccine Victims Paid After Settlements Since 2006
Chart Shows (through 2013): 1388
Actual Number (through April 2015): 1488
Only about one injury case for every million doses of vaccines is compensated in vaccine court. Adverse events occur more frequently, according to vaccine warning labels, but rarely end up in the little-known vaccine court. Still, vaccine court statistics can be useful in reflecting trends.
Another recent change made vaccine injury data harder to find. The “adjudication categories by alleged vaccine” chart used to be the first item that showed up on the statistics page, but that has been replaced by language stating vaccines are safe and effective.
“Being awarded compensation for your claim does not necessarily mean that the vaccine caused the alleged injury,” adds the government to the statement where the adjudication chart used to be.
Readers are directed to click a link to view the actual vaccine injury statistics. But clicking it only leads back to the statement that vaccines are safe and effective.
To find the statistics, instead of clicking the link, readers must scroll down past it.
According to the government, from 2006 to 2013, over 2.2 billion doses of vaccines were distributed in the U.S. For every 1 million doses, 1 alleged victim was compensated in vaccine court.
Since 1998, over 15,916 claims have been filed in vaccine court. 4,121 were compensated, 9,904 were dismissed. The total amount paid to victims is approximately $3.1 billion.
This is an updated version of an article that was first published in early June, 2015.
Additional Information:
Vaccine court injury statistics page
Govt. vaccine injury table
Additional vaccine news reports and govt. resources
Share
46 Shares
Southampton have had a reported £9million bid rejected for Sevilla midfielder Grzegorz Krychowiak.
The Poland international has been a target for Arsenal but Southampton made an offer on Wednesday morning which was instantly dismissed.
Sevilla based publication ABC Sevilla say the club want a fee closer to the 25-year-old's release clause of £22million.
Grzegorz Krychowiak (left) is a crucial player for Sevilla and scored in the Europa League final
Morgan Schneiderlin (right) looks likely to leave and the Polish international is seen as an ideal replacement
Krychowiak scored for Sevilla in their Europa League victory over Dnipro as his stock in European football continues to rise.
Southampton expects to lose Morgan Schneiderlin this summer with Manchester United interested and are weighing up alternatives with Feyenoord's Jordy Clasie and Idrissa Gueye of Lille among the names discussed.
Sadio Mane is another player who could be on his way out of St Mary's Stadium after Bayern Munich were linked with a move.
Beach Boys controversy
"Don't fuck with the formula" is a quote and subject of controversy attributed to the Beach Boys' lyricist and co-lead vocalist Mike Love circa 1967. Love stated, "It's the most famous thing I've ever said, even though I never said it." It originates from a 1971 Rolling Stone magazine article in which business associate David Anderle reported disagreements from within the Beach Boys' circle. In the ensuing decades, the line has been repeated in myriad books, articles, websites, and blogs.
The remark is usually referenced to when bandleader and composer Brian Wilson began subverting the formula that brought the Beach Boys their initial success: songs with lyrics that embraced girls, cars, and surfing. This departure started with the band's 1965 album Today! and reached a tipping point with Pet Sounds (1966) and Smile (abandoned in 1967). At the time, Anderle was a portrait artist and talent manager who Wilson recently employed as the head of the Beach Boys' new label, Brother Records. The writer of the Rolling Stone article, Tom Nolan, mentioned that "Mike wanted the bread, 'and don't fuck with the formula.'" Anderle later said that his words were "taken slightly out of context".
Wilson's bandmates were worried that he was going to break away as a solo artist. The group, including Wilson, also feared that the public would be confused by their more experimental music. Love does not deny expressing reservations with the lyrics of Pet Sounds and Smile, but believes that the "formula" quote was part of a larger narrative perpetuated by Wilson's former drug suppliers to avoid accountability for his subsequent mental decline and struggles with substance addiction.
Background [ edit ]
Love and Wilson performing with the Beach Boys, 1964
In early 1964, Brian Wilson began his breakaway from beach-themed music.[nb 1] When he resigned from touring in order to focus on songwriting and producing, the rest of the band assumed that he would continue making music that their audiences expected of them. Although The Beach Boys Today! and Summer Days (And Summer Nights!!) (both released in 1965) were more sophisticated and elaborate than previous albums, they were still within the realm of acceptability for the band, producing a reasonable level of record sales and chart activity. This was not the case for the next two album projects, Pet Sounds (1966) and Smile (unreleased), where Wilson's bandmates were not entirely supportive of his new creative ambitions.[nb 2] Wilson was also encumbered by pressure from Capitol Records and the group's fanbase. The label continued to bill the Beach Boys as "America's Top Surfin' Group!", expecting Wilson to write more surfing material for the yearly summer markets, even though he was no longer interested in writing songs with that subject matter.
Origin of quote and denials [ edit ]
Love performing with the Beach Boys at Central Park in 1971
The statement "don't fuck with the formula" originates from a 1971 Rolling Stone magazine article written by freelancer Tom Nolan titled "The Beach Boys: A California Saga". Nolan's article devoted minimal attention to the group's music, and instead focused on the band's internal dynamics and history. In the field of music writing, its style was unprecedented, as journalist David Hepworth writes, the "story within was destined to become a classic piece from that brief interlude when pop writing collided with New Journalism ... It combined admiration for the group's achievements with distaste for their strange, inner world in a way that hadn't been done before". The relevant text pertaining to the "formula" quote is as follows:
Mike Love was the tough one for [business partner] David [Anderle]. Mike really befriended David: He wanted his aid in going one direction while David was trying to take it the opposite way. Mike kept saying, "You're so good, you know so much, you're so realistic, you can do all this for us—why not do it this way," and David would say, "Because Brian wants it that way." "Gotta be this way." David really holds Mike Love responsible for the collapse [of the band's management]. Mike wanted the bread, "and don't fuck with the formula."[10]
Anderle later stated that the line "was taken slightly out of context" and that Love was more concerned with the "bottom line" than the "artistic" side of business.[11][nb 3] Earlier in a 1968 article, Anderle elaborated that the "first problems" with Brian's bandmates were when they asked "we shouldn't go this far out, why are we knocking success? Let's stay within the frame of, let's do this simple dumb thing, let's not go too far out, let's not lose what the Beach Boys are, uh let's not change our physical image, let's wear the striped shirts and the white pants." He also encouraged Wilson to leave the group, and was "sure they saw me as somebody ... who was fueling Brian's weirdness. And I stand guilty on those counts."
Pet Sounds lyricist Tony Asher did not recall hearing the remark and could not verify whether it was actually spoken. He said that, "it seems very much like Mike. And to tell the truth, I think he had a point," arguing that Pet Sounds "was not much of a success" and that its music "was [probably] not what Beach Boys fans were expecting."[17][nb 4] Asher added that Love "never was critical about what [Pet Sounds] was, he was just saying it wasn't right for the Beach Boys."[19] Smile lyricist Van Dyke Parks believed that Love's "mislaid jealousy" was "the deciding factor" in Smile's cancellation.[20] In a 1998 deposition related to the memoir Wouldn't It Be Nice: My Own Story, Wilson testified that Love had never spoken the line to him, and when asked if Love's opposition to the lyrics made him shelve the album, he responded: "No. There weren't as many lyrics as there was just—see, Smile wasn't a lyrical thing."
Love denied ever telling Wilson "don't fuck with the formula", adding that the Beach Boys "have no formula. In 1967 alone, the year I supposedly made that comment, we recorded Wild Honey, an R&B album that was entirely different from anything we'd ever done, and I cowrote ten songs and sang three leads." In 1975, he voiced appreciation of the musical form and content of "Surf's Up" from Smile, which he believed went beyond what is normally expected of commercial pop music,[23] and in the same 1992 article where he refers to some of the Pet Sounds lyrics as "nauseating", he calls Parks a "very gifted musician", saying: "He's great. He's one of the nicest persons in the world. And I tell him, 'Hey, I thought your lyrics, Van Dyke, were brilliant, except whom the fuck knows what you're talking about!' That's exactly how I talk to him (laughs). And he and I joke about it."[14][nb 5]
Cultural resonance [ edit ]
According to his detractors, it all started in 1966, in a recording studio, with Love expressing his dislike for Brian's work on what became Pet Sounds, one of the greatest albums of all time. ... [he] is [now] considered one of the biggest assholes in the history of rock & roll. That's been the popular opinion of him for several decades. He just can't seem to shake it. —Erik Hedegaard, Rolling Stone, 2016[25]
Over the ensuing years, "don't fuck with the formula" was repeated in myriad books, articles, websites, and blogs. The remark is usually invoked to signal the conflicts that arose between Wilson and Love when the former began subverting the "formula" that brought the Beach Boys their initial success: songs with lyrics that embraced girls, cars, and surfing. Following the collapse of Smile, Wilson gradually ceded production and songwriting duties to the rest of the band and self-medicated with the excessive consumption of food, alcohol, and drugs. Nolan's article inspired a 1978 biography by David Leaf, titled The Beach Boys and the California Myth, which concluded that "If Brian sought refuge within drugs, in reaction to all the pressure, then everybody must share the blame—the record company, the family, the Beach Boys, and Brian's entourage."
In his defense, Love stated that the "formula" quote was part of a larger narrative perpetuated by Wilson's former drug suppliers. He explained that he was held responsible for the collapse of Smile only when the accounts of "Anderle and the other hipsters" were used as sources in writings about the Beach Boys. Love said that their role as Wilson's drug suppliers was understated so that they would avoid accountability for Wilson's subsequent mental decline and struggles with substance addiction, thus shifting the blame onto himself. In the revised 1985 edition of The Beach Boys and the California Myth, Leaf wrote that he "no longer indict[s] the world of 'being bad to Brian,' when it's apparent that Brian has been the hardest on himself."
In 2017, Rolling Stone included the cousins' discord as one of "Music's 30 Fiercest Feuds and Beefs". Contributor Jordan Runtagh wrote that when Wilson "sought to move the band beyond their fun-in-the-sun persona. Love found the new musical daring pretentious, and feared alienating the fans originally won over by their carefree surfing image."[30] In 2014, fans reacted negatively to the announcement that Wilson would be recording a duets album, comparing it to a "cash-in". A Facebook post attributed to Wilson responded to the feedback: "In my life in music, I've been told too many times not to fuck with the formula, but as an artist it's my job to do that."[31][nb 6]
See also [ edit ]
References [ edit ]
Notes
Citations
Sources
Federal agents are trying to figure out what led the San Bernardino attackers to radical Islam and ISIS sympathy. They are no doubt combing through mountains of anti-terrorism intelligence data. What are they finding?FBI Director James Comey told a Senate committee on Dec. 9 that the two shooters were radicalized at least two years ago and had discussed jihad and martyrdom as early as 2013. How does Comey know this?News reports say the killers disposed or destroyed their personal electronic devices before the attack. That means Comey was probably relying on communications intercepted by the National Security Agency (NSA).Whether that's true or he learned it some other way, the government looks bad. If Comey's source is the NSA, then it means persons known to have radical sympathies still managed to enter the U.S. unhindered and stage an attack.So what are we taxpayers getting for the billions of dollars we give these agencies?Edward Snowden, the NSA whistle-blower who fled overseas in 2013, said the NSA was intercepting far more data than it could possibly analyze. It did so as part of General Keith Alexander's “ collect it all ” campaign.The result was an intelligence agency drowning in so much intercepted data that it missed what Comey's agents found in a matter of days – once they knew where to look. By then, 14 people were dead and 22 injured.In other words, we spent untold billions of dollars and sacrificed hard-fought civil liberties so the FBI could explain a killer's motive after the victims were already dead.I don't consider that a good deal.Alternately, it may be that Comey uncovered information about the terrorists' background by non-technical means. FBI agents knocked on doors and talked to people. It's old-fashioned, but still effective.The NSA still looks bad in that scenario, too. It means that even with every possible legal advantage and a near-unlimited budget, the agency still missed very obvious signs of radical intent by people who then entered the U.S. and attacked us. That's not basic security, much less “national” security.You might think this failure would chasten the law enforcement and intelligence chiefs under whose watch it occurred. Not so. FBI Director Comey says it is all our fault.That's right. We citizens who prefer to keep our private affairs private are endangering national security. So are companies like Apple (AAPL) and Google (GOOGL) who now sell mobile devices with strong encryption enabled by default.As I've explained before, these government demands place U.S. technology companies in an impossible position. They can't serve two masters.Washington agrees. They don't want us to serve two masters, either. In their view, we should all serve one master and Washington should be it.Doing what they want might make us a little safer – but will definitely make us less free.This is a bad deal. Don't take it. Patrick Watson is an Austin-based financial writer. Follow him on Twitter @PatrickW To read more of his insights, CLICK HERE NOW.
NASHVILLE, March 10 (UPI) -- A Middle Tennessee State University professor says he beat his career goal of driving cross-country on only 10 gallons of gas, making it on just over 2 gallons.
Cliff Ricketts and his eight-member support team drove three Toyota hybrid alternative-fuel vehicles roughly 2,582 miles -- from Tybee Island, Ga., to Long Beach, Calif. With juice to spare, Ricketts and his team made the trip on 2.15 gallons of gas from the pump, thanks to energy derived from solar, electric, ethanol and hydrogen power.
"I feel like I climbed Mount Everest," Ricketts told The (Nashville) Tennessean. "This has significance in life, and it has significance for mankind."
Ricketts has devoted the last 34 years of his career to research in alternative fuels. He said he hopes to make a coast-to-coast trip next year running only on solar and water power.
There are two important sets of questions about what happened to Sandra Bland between July 10 and July 13 in Waller County, Texas. The first concerns the circumstances under which she was arrested. The second is about how and why she ended up dead in a jail cell three days later. Both questions have been addressed by materials released this week by authorities, though many uncertainties remain.
Tuesday afternoon saw the release of extraordinary dashcam footage of the traffic stop that led to Bland's arrest. In the video, you can see Bland's car making a lane change right before the officer who was driving behind her, who has been identified as Texas Department of Public Safety trooper Brian Encinia, pulls her over. “You seem very irritated,” he says to her, while standing next to the driver's side window.
“I was getting out of your way,” Bland responds. “You were speeding up, tailing me, so I move over, and you stop me. So yeah I am a little irritated.”
Encinia asks Bland to put out her cigarette, which she refuses to do, saying, “I'm in my car, I don't have to put out my cigarette.”
“Well, you can step on out now,” Encinia responds.
From there the two yell back and forth, until Encinia starts shouting, “Step out or I will remove you.” At one point he says, “I'm gonna yank you out of there,” and later, “You are under arrest.” Finally he pulls out his Taser and aims it at Bland, screaming, “I will light you up!” at which point she exits her vehicle. As Encinia leads her to the sidewalk, Bland has her phone out, which she says she is using to record the encounter, so that she can use the evidence in court later. Encinia tells her to put it away, which she does. Off-camera, the conflict between them then escalates. While Encinia is trying to handcuff Bland, she is heard yelling that he's about to break her wrist, that he slammed her head against the ground, and that she has epilepsy. (It's unclear whether or not epilepsy had anything to do with Bland's death.)
Later in the video, after Bland has been placed in the back of the police car, Encinia can be heard explaining to a dispatcher, “I tried talking to her, calming her down, and that was not working.” Later, he says with a laugh, “I don't have serious bodily injury. But I was kicked.” At one point it sounds as though he's talking through the possible reasons he could use to justify having arrested her. “I don't know if it'd be ‘resist' or if it would be assault, you know?” he says. “I kind of lean toward assault, versus resist, because I mean, technically, she's under arrest when the traffic stop is initiated.”
Earlier Tuesday, authorities released an affadavit signed by Encinia, in which he describes having “removed” Bland from her car and handcuffed her “for officer safety” after she became “combative.” Encinia says in the affidavit Bland started “swinging her elbows” and kicked him in the shin, at which point he used force to get her to the ground and arrested her for assaulting a public servant after she continued fighting him. Encinia does not reference the fact that he threatened Bland with a Taser in the affidavit.
Meanwhile, the contention that Bland committed suicide seemed to gain some credibility Monday with the release of a three-hour video, recorded with a security camera in the jail, which appeared to show that no one entered Bland's cell during the 90 minutes before her body was discovered. The footage has not yet been verified by the FBI, where investigators are said to be going over hard drives submitted to them by the Waller County sheriff's office so that they can make sure the footage was not manipulated.
The sheriff's story, backed up by a medical examiner who conducted an autopsy but disputed by Bland's friends and family, has been that Bland took her own life by hanging herself using a plastic bag in her cell. Waller County District Attorney Elton Mathis, whose office is investigating the case under the supervision of the FBI, said at a press conference Monday that while signs point to suicide, murder has not been ruled out as the cause of Bland's death.
Encinia has been on administrative duty since Friday, and will remain so pending the results of the investigation. Texas Department of Public Safety director Steve McCraw is quoted in the Washington Post saying that Encinia violated the agency's procedures during the stop. “Regardless of the situation, the DPS state trooper has an obligation to exhibit professionalism and be courteous,” McCraw said. “That did not happen in this situation.”
This post has been updated.
As Donations Pour in After the Greenwood Explosion, Displaced Neighbors Feel Forgotten
Hal Miller, 60, stands on a stairway outside of his apartment building in Greenwood. The remains of the March 9th explosion are just across the alley. Ana Sofia Knauf
An explosion rocked the Greenwood neighborhood in North Seattle on Wednesday, March 9. The blast, caused by a natural gas leak, destroyed Mr. Gyros, Neptune Coffee, and Quik Mart, which stood at the 85th St. & Greenwood Ave. block. Now, there is only a mass of debris left in their stead.
But lost in the clouds of dust, rubble, and neighborhood fundraising efforts relentlessly covered in the media (yes, even here) were the residents of the building just across the alleyway from where the explosion happened.
The building is best known for housing Gorditos Healthy Mexican Food, a neighborhood favorite, but it is also home to 13 tenants who live in the single rooms and studios above the restaurant. Shannon Ramirez owns the whole building, runs Gorditos, and serves as the tenants' landlord.
Hal Miller, 60, lived in the northwest corner of the building for four years. When the explosion demolished three businesses kitty-corner to his apartment, Miller said only a few picture frames fell off of his walls. When he ventured into the hallway to see what had happened, he ran into a neighbor who lived in the corner of the building directly facing the site of the explosion. The neighbor's window shattered, but didn't do any structural damage to the room. According to Miller, they were unharmed, but shaken. When Miller looked out of that neighbor's window, he saw the building was leveled.
“It looked like a warzone,” said Miller.
Miller stands in the building's shared kitchen and laundry space. The force from the explosion blew the window's frame out of the wall. Ana Sofia Knauf
Just a few doors down, an unoccupied unit had part of its ceiling come down and its windows blown in. Several other neighbors with apartments facing the explosion weren't home when it occurred. In the building's shared kitchen, chunks of the window frame were scattered in the sea of glass on the tile floor. More glass from broken windows and light fixtures crunched underfoot as tenants headed down the stairs to evacuate.
“I thought, well, they're probably going to make us evacuate at least for awhile. I figured the worst that can happen was we'd have to stand on the street corner for a couple hours and then we'd get the all-clear,” said Miller. “Instead, the fire department came by and said we'd have to get out, period. So then I grabbed a few things and called my friend to get me.”
Miller and his 12 other neighbors wouldn't be let back into the building even to get a change of clothes for the next three days. Although he was able to stay with his friend in Monroe, Miller considers himself homeless.
In the immediate aftermath of the explosion, the Greenwood community rallied together to organize fundraisers supporting the employee's of Mr. Gyros, Neptune Coffee, and Quik Mart and the Phinney Neighborhood Association's (PNA) Greenwood Relief Fund. PNA had received nearly $145,000 in donations.
Miller and his neighbor, Jason Timss, 47, saw money pouring in to help the neighborhood, but because of conflicting reports they weren't sure if they would receive any of it. So, while their neighbors downed beers two blocks up Greenwood Ave., Miller said that, although they had sympathy for the businesses destroyed, he and his neighbors feel forgotten.
"We all got lost in the shuffle because most people walk by this building and don't expect there's anybody living here. ...It looks like an old, run-down looking building, but there's a bunch of us," said Timss, who lived in the building for nearly five years.
Timss said he scoured local news sites and didn't see anything about his building's tenants becoming homeless. "We're here at ground zero, the businesses were closed [and] it sucks what happened to them ... but we live here," he said.
Lee Harper, executive director for PNA, said she understood the tenants frustrations and acknowledges that the communication process between her organization, emergency services, and the city's Human Services Department had been unclear.
“There's a lot of information swirling around and a lot of it is conflicting. That's what happens. It's this ever-evolving communication and [PNA has] never done this before,” Harper said. “We had no way of calling people until they started calling us on Friday. …It's extremely difficult to find out who lived in an apartment that may or may not have been evacuated because that information is not public.”
Harper also said PNA's Greenwood Relief Fund was never intended to go exclusively to businesses affected by the explosion, and that some of the money will be used to support tenants of the building. PNA has assembled the Greenwood Relief Advisory Board, which will meet for the first time next week and figure out exactly how the donations will be divvied up, she said.
Jason Timss lived in the apartment building about Gorditos Healthy Mexican Food for nearly five years. His life is now packed up in a U-Haul truck. Ana Sofia Knauf
The weekend after the blast, tenants were allowed go to their apartments to gather clothes and personal items, but couldn't stay because of damages. The building still had no power and required a number of repairs to make it habitable. The costs of the repairs fall on Ramirez, the building's owner, because the damages were on private property, a city Department of Neighborhoods representative said.
Tenants received aid from the Red Cross, which aimed to make sure all tenants had food, clothes, and somewhere to stay. The organization assigned each tenant a caseworker to help tenants find longer-term housing solutions and cut them checks, but according to Timss, the checks didn't arrive until five days after the blast. By then, Timss said he had already spent $200 for a week's worth of clothes for his warehouse job in Mukilteo.
On Tuesday, tenants were told they had two days to vacate their apartments because contractors assessing the damage were concerned about airborne asbestos particles in the building, said Ramirez, the building owner. Asbestos was a popular insulation material in the early 1900s, which is when the building was constructed, and is now known as a cause of mesothelioma, a type of cancer.
There were rumors that they would have to find somewhere to stay for two to eight months, Timss told me as he packed his apartment's contents into a U-Haul on Wednesday.
As of Friday morning, Ramirez said contractors estimated that building tenants will be able to move back into their units between the ends of April and May.
But, at the end of the day, that still leaves 13 residents without a home.
“Everyone who lived there was dealing with something or other that made money tight,” Miller wrote in a message. “That building was all most of us could afford, [which] will make finding a new place very difficult.”
What's going on in your neighborhood? Send news tips to neighborhoods@thestranger.com.
Editor's note: Editor's note: Smart Business explores the ways companies are thinking smart to thrive in our digitized world.
(CNN) -- The urban planning equivalent of a Rorschach test, a "Smart City" can be taken to mean almost anything.
But by the most popular criteria; sustainable energy and development, open data and government, and integrated information, communications and technology (ICT) serving wide areas of a city, these ultra-modern hubs are on the rise.
Industrial analysts IHS claim predict there will be 88 cities that fit the description by 2025, up from 21 today, taking in contenders far from the usual suspects of Vancouver and Barcelona. These dynamic new players hope to redraw the map.
Bogota, Colombia
While sister city Medellin has been lauded for its sustainability practices, the capital has used pioneering data analysis to address its longstanding issues with pollution and congestion. Improvements in walkways and a widespread bike-sharing scheme have led to reduced car use, with noise pollution falling almost 10 decibels since 2005.
The city has also benefited from the Transmilenio mass transit bus system and a fleet of electric taxis.
Masdar, UAE
The new oasis in the Abu Dhabi desert was supposed to have been the first zero carbon, zero waste city, and if such ambition is yet to be realized there is still much to admire. It is home to the region's largest solar power plant, serving all its energy needs with 17,500 MWh of clean electricity each year. Autonomous vehicles handle transportation needs, while water and electricity use is monitored for efficiency with high-tech sensors.
Accra, Ghana
A recent IBM paper on infrastructure in the Ghanaian capital indicates some of the radical improvements to be undertaken, including mass transit systems fitted with intelligent technologies to better regulate the city's traffic issues. Locally-sourced renewable energy will tackle blackout problems and enable growth, such as for the $40 million Ghana Cyber City, intended to become a world class tech hub.
Yachay, Ecuador
President Rafael Correa's "City of Knowledge," which he describes as the grandest national initiative for a century. His government is investing over $1 billion in the north highlands site, anticipating its gains would extend the rest of the nation.
A new university campus, modelled on South Korean tech cities, would develop elite engineering, energy and biotechnology projects, complete with extensive education and research facilities.
Guadalajara, Mexico
The "Mexican Silicon Valley" is already a hub of over 100 software companies, from startups to Intel and IBM branches, with thousands of local students graduating with STEM degrees. It will soon receive a major upgrade through the Ciudad Creativa Digital development on a 400 hectare grid, wired full of advanced communications, data-gathering sensors, renewable energy, and transport networks.
Dholera, India
With India set to become the world's most populous nation, ambitious plans are underway for new urban development with Prime Minister Narendra Modi promising 100 smart cities. Dholera, in the western state of Gujarat, would serve as test case. A smart grid is to be constructed on an area twice the size of Mumbai, designated a special investment region (SIR), which would be managed from central command centers with high speed transit routes.
Lima, Peru
The government's commitment to open data means that citizens can access most municipal services online, and that figured can be analyzed as a basis for policy initiatives. This has enabled intelligent transport management systems and a plan for energy efficiencies that could cut carbon emissions by 19% by 2030. The city has committed to tie infrastructure development to carbon reduction, including "area greening" in residential areas.
Lusail, Qatar
The Gulf state's efforts to expand beyond Doha before World Cup 2022 could hinge on this brand-new metropolis to the North. A reported $45 billion will be spent on Lusail, powered by one of the world's most extravagant hydrocarbon centers, completed with luxury marina, commerce and entertainment zones.
Vilnius, Lithuania
One of Eastern Europe's most upwardly mobile hubs benefits from one of the fastest Internet connections in the world, and recently received an IBM grant as part of the 'Smart Vilnius' project. This is earmarked for upgrading transport and its management, as well the development of data-based infrastructure. A new tech park for gaming, big data, and cybersecurity companies will press its credentials further.
Kalkara, Malta
The island is developing a technology and business park in the village of Kalkara at a cost of almost $300 million, with ICT and robotics among the emerging businesses. The special zone uses advanced monitoring systems to manage energy and water, with buildings architecturally designed to maximize efficiency. Ultra-fast broadband and a low tax, pro-business government are also geared to attracting new investment.
