Among other shared traits, the flaviviruses spread quickly and easily—a characteristic that the world is now re-learning with the current Zika outbreak. In part, this is because of the way they pass from one species to another. A majority of the flaviviruses are spread by ticks and mosquitos, which in turn can infect humans and other animals, like monkeys and birds; in the Americas, people have mostly contracted Zika through the bites of the Aedes aegypti mosquito.
The flaviviruses' ability to spread so rapidly is also due in part to the structure of its genetic material. All viruses contain either RNA (short for ribonucleic acid) or DNA; flaviviruses have a single strand of RNA that contains all the information the viruses need in order to make copies of themselves, which also means they mutate more easily. Mistakes in replication can happen in both DNA and RNA, but DNA has more systems in place to proofread and correct mutations that may naturally arise.
“The RNA viruses do not have these correcting mechanisms, so the mutations remain and get passed to the next generation,” explained Isabel Novella, a professor at the University of Toledo who studies the evolution of viruses. In fact, RNA replication has an error rate roughly 10,000 times higher than that of DNA, which means that RNA-based flaviviruses evolve that much quicker.
As Julie Beck recently reported for The Atlantic, Zika virus has been around for a while (the first human case was diagnosed in 1952), but it only caused sporadic human infections until the first major outbreak on the Micronesian island of Yap in 2007. Even then, the symptoms were about as bad as what you'd experience with a mild flu: fever, rash, headaches, and joint and muscle pain. But in an outbreak in Tahiti in 2013 and 2014, a small number of people began showing signs of Guillain-Barré syndrome—a condition that causes the immune system to attack a person's nerves, resulting in muscle weakness, tingling and even paralysis. In the Americas, pregnant women infected with Zika have also given birth to babies with microcephaly, or smaller-than-normal heads (the virus hasn't been causally linked to microcephaly, but, as Beck noted, health authorities strongly suspect a connection).
It's possible that these new symptoms could be a result of the Zika virus's evolution, said Duane Gubler, a professor of emerging infectious diseases at the Duke-National University of Singapore. “[Zika] was perceived to be a virus that caused only minor illness,” Gubler said. “[Guillain-Barré from Zika] was relatively infrequent and it didn't cause a lot of concern, but when it moved into the Americas and people started to see babies born with microcephaly, that changes the public-health importance of this virus completely.”
Scott Weaver, a professor at the Institute for Human Infection at the University of Texas, Galveston, said Zika's rapid spread may also have to do with a mutation that allowed it to better adapt to the Aedes aegypti mosquito. For example, the virus could have become more efficient in replicating within a host human's blood, making it more likely that a mosquito feeding on an infected person would become infected itself.
Frantic, ragged, lucky, even at times rather desperate: oh yes, this was a hugely encouraging afternoon all round for Arsenal. If Arsène Wenger could have designed the perfect riposte to those familiar accusations of stylish underachievement – voiced last week by José Mourinho, a man who blurts out toxic barbs in much the same way some people feel compelled to make chit-chat about the weather – it would have been this, a raggedly full-blooded FA Cup victory against a Liverpool team who played the better football, created more chances, but still somehow always seemed likely to lose.
On a crisp, clear north London afternoon Arsenal looked like a team roused into a state of unaccustomed spikiness by the week-long hangover from that invertebrate 5-1 thrashing at Anfield. Abrasive for an hour, they were eventually hauled in as Liverpool's excellent three-man midfield began to dominate possession, but hung on not just to win but – even better – to win ugly, holding on to a 2-1 lead as Liverpool finished the stronger.
This was, above all, an excellent match, a reminder of the astringent qualities of a concussive February FA Cup tie, and an occasion from which both managers will take some encouragement. For an Arsenal team that had seemed to be drifting into battle-weary diffidence at exactly the wrong moment, there was a bracing sense of physicality about this performance, and above all a fine and decisive turn from Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain, the best player on the pitch for the opening hour.
It has been a timely return to full fitness for Oxlade-Chamberlain, who is still only 20 and has provided recently that vital sense of textural variation in an Arsenal team which, without Theo Walcott and Aaron Ramsey, can seem intent on trying to persuade the opposition to death.
Not here though, as at times there was almost a sniff of a pre-modern Arsenal about this Cup team of convenience as Mathieu Flamini, a leaping, drop-kicking Cato to Steven Gerrard's inspector Clouseau, hurled himself into tackles, half-tackles and never-were-tackles, and Oxlade-Chamberlain gave Aly Cissokho a traumatic opening hour playing as an orthodox right-winger. Here Arsenal's No33 was a blur of speed and intelligent short-passing, scoring the first and setting up the second, always playing with his head up, and looking the model of a fluid creative attacking midfielder.
There was a hugely encouraging sense of composure about his assist for the decisive second goal just after half-time as he took the time to look up and place a perfectly measured pass into Lukas Podolski's path for a first-time finish low beyond Brad Jones. Raheem Sterling also had an excellent match on Liverpool's left flank, showing excellent touch and control under pressure. Roy Hodgson has spoken about his willingness to create an England team full of pace and youthful vim. It will mean little if he ducks the chance to take the two best wide players on the pitch here with him to Brazil.
If Oxlade-Chamberlain was the brain behind Arsenal's victory, Yaya Sanogo was the galloping brawn. A 21-year-old with 11 career goals and just 39 Arsenal first-team minutes to his name, Sanogo started here in place of Olivier Giroud, who was finally given a rest at the exact moment he might have been better off getting out of the house for a bit.
Sanogo is an encouragingly mobile 6ft 3in centre forward, albeit there is still a gaucheness to his touch and a puppyish quality to his unceasing movement across the front line. He was brilliantly willing here, bullocking about like a young John Fashanu, and playing his part in Arsenal's opening goal by tussling repeatedly with Martin Skrtel, then chesting down the ball and shooting as Skrtel came charging out in search of Mesut Özil's corner kick. From the rebound Oxlade-Chamberlain tucked the ball home neatly.
After which Sanogo sprinted and wrestled gamely, one piece of closing down on Skrtel drawing a furious leaping ovation. And with half-time looming there was further evidence of something odd in the air as Mesut Özil won the ball with a fierce challenge on the halfway line – while across north London the dogs miaowed and the clock struck 13 – to set Oxlade-Chamberlain off again down the right. As he was at Anfield, Özil was energetically double-hustled by Liverpool's midfield. His problem right now is not so much that teams have learnt to do this to him, but that he shows such an obvious displeasure in finding himself harried and chivvied. This, it would seem, wasn't in the brochure. His quality remains, though: the pass down the right flank to put Oxlade-Chamberlain in space for the second goal was superbly finessed.
For Liverpool this was a frustrating afternoon. They were the better team on balance, particularly in the second half, with Luis Suárez producing another dashed off masterpiece in ferrety and instinctive centre-forward play and Sterling and Daniel Sturridge both incisive on the ball. Gerrard deservedly pulled one back with a penalty and they should have had another as Suárez was barrelled over by Oxlade-Chamberlain.
This, though, was destined to be the Ox's afternoon, reward for a performance of both maturity and youthful zest. However breathlessly Arsenal are still in the running in three competitions, although realistically the Cup is their best chance of an actual, non-metaphorical trophy this season. Ragged, flukey, hot-blooded, hanging on for dear life: who knows, maybe it might just be their year after all.
Photo credit: justjared.com
In another disturbing Hollywood pedophile case, that at this point seemingly has zero end in sight, the once critically acclaimed star of the series “Glee”, Mark Salling, has now entered a guilty plea to the shocking possession of over 50,000 images and videos of child pornography.
The actor played the “bad boy” rebellious Noah "Puck" Puckerman on the Fox musical dramedy Glee.
Salling entered his plea earlier this week after reaching a deal several months ago with federal prosecutors, who will ask a Judge to sentence him to between four and seven years in prison.
He will also have to register as a sex offender for the remainder of his life, pay restitution and abide by residency restrictions.
Salling, who grew up in Dallas and attended Lake Highlands High School, downloaded more than 50,000 explicit pictures and videos back in 2015.
Even worse, he tried to conceal his IP address while doing so by using a VPN, authorities said.
He was arrested after showing his collection to an ex-girlfriend, who reported him to police once she saw the disgusting perversions Salling apparently was sexually aroused by, according to<a href="http://www.gdnonline.com/Details/299161/title"> GDN Online</a>.
Anyone who says “PedoGate” isn't real in Hollywood, is either a paid shill, a complete idiot, or a member of the Democratic Party.
These perverted bastards are fixated on pornography involving minor children, and many of them have engaged in illicit relationships with minor children.
The truth will come out, and God will forever punish those who have harmed young children.
May Mark Salling burn in hell for these crimes, as there is no cure for pedophiles other than death.
<strong><span style="color:red;">Tips? Info? Send me a message!</span></strong>
—<i>[email protected]</i>
<i>Follow Me On Twitter:</i>
<a href="https://www.twitter.com/IWillRedPillYou">@IWillRedPillYou</a>
Happy Birthday Norman Chad!
If you play poker regularly and have no idea who Norman Chad is, you should really be ashamed of yourself!
Before Norman started his poker commentary career, he was better known as a sportswriter and syndicated columnist, as well as the occasional host of ESPN's “Pardon the Interruption” and “Reel Classics.” Norman also published a book way back in 1993, called “Hold On Honey, I'll Take You to the Hospital at Halftime (Confessions of a TV Sports Junkie).”
Since 2003, Norman Chad, alongside Lon McEachern, has commentated on most of ESPN's poker broadcasts. Norman Chad is by far the best commentator poker has ever seen and it was fortunate for the poker world that he entered the industry when he did, catching the poker boom in its infancy and being an integral part of its growth.
Thanks to Norman, many players haven't been knocked out of WSOP events, but rather Whamboozled, sometimes holding Squadoosh. And surely no other poker commentator has ever been able to get so much material from his failed marriages, not to mention being the only commentator who makes you want to watch random people play poker. Norman did get married for the third time in 2007, stating that it will definitely be the last time.
Norman rarely participates in WSOP events himself. He has stated numerous times that he's nowhere near good enough to be able to compete with today's pros in the Hold'em tournaments and that he prefers to stay away from them as a result. However, he does participate in the 7-Card Stud, 7-Card Stud Hi/Lo and Omaha Hi/Lo events. His best cash came in 2012 when he finished 6th in the $2,500 Omaha/Seven Card Stud Hi/Lo Event #42, taking home $36,093.
Norman Chad has also never thought twice about defending poker on a national stage, even in the face of attacks from Bob Costas, who at one point denounced poker and called poker players “degenerates.” The following quote from Norman's Chad rebuttal says a lot about why he is so valuable to poker:
“Poker is as American as baseball and apple pie, and the game involves math, psychology, money management and a variety of other nuanced skills that make hitting a 90 MPH fastball look simple”.
On August 17th of this year, Norman Chad turns 56 years old. So, let's take a look at some great moments from Norman's poker broadcasting career.
Great WSOP Moments
Here are just some of the hands from various WSOPs that just wouldn't be the same without Norman's commentary.
Norman has never been shy about admitting that his Hold'em game is not particularly strong, but even he knows when bluffing with squadoosh will end badly.
Hilton Laborda provided some of the wildest televised hands in the 2011 WSOP Main Event and
Norman provided some of the best commentary on his plays.
Some poker players have unique betting techniques so it's a good thing Norman is there to cover them and provide detailed information on the ways of the pros.
Thanks to Norman, Phil Hellmuth has gotten his very own corner in each year's WSOP Main Event called “The Valley of Unhappiness.”
Norman Chad's Heads-Up Segments
Norman's segments have always been great additions to ESPN's broadcasts of WSOP tournaments. Taking on some of the most entertaining players in poker in various off-the-felt activities, Norman provided some great entertainment for all.
If you'd have to guess by looking at him, you'd probably say that Mike Matusow is probably pretty good at bowling. Well, as it turned out, Norman is better.
There's ice-hockey and there's grass hockey, but Norman and Daniel Negreanu decided to mix answering questions and pavement hockey.
Norman is also pretty good at interviewing people which he showed in this interview – Rubik's Cube challenge with Vanessa Rousso.
Sooner or later, it was bound to happen. Norman took on Phil Hellmuth in this Heads-Up segment and almost put him on tilt.
Perhaps the funniest Heads-Up segment was when Billy Gazes tried to redeem himself after pulling a muscle while attempting a field goal and getting hit in the face with a football afterwards.
Let's hope that Norman Chad will keep entertaining the poker world for years to come!
Kotaku East East is your slice of Asian internet culture, bringing you the latest talking points from Japan, Korea, China and beyond. Tune in every morning from 4am to 8am.
Like singing? Dancing? Resident Evil? The survival horror series is getting an official stage version this fall in Japan.
The musical, which is currently titled Musical Resident Evil (heh), will star Reon Yuzuki, who has made a career of playing male characters while at the all-female Takarazuka Revue.
Previously, Takarazuka Revue has done wonderful stage productions of Capcom's Ace Attorney games. While this production will feature a former Takarazuka Revue superstar, it's not a Takarazuka musical. Instead, it will be handled by G2, a playwright and director who is readying a new Japanese production of My Fair Lady, and Osaka's Umeda Arts Theatre.
The Resident Evil stage show will be an original musical. It is slated to run in Tokyo from September to October and open in Osaka in November. Capcom's Hiroyuki Kobayashi will oversee the stage adaptation.
Top image: Capcom
To contact the author of this post, write to bashcraftATkotaku.com or find him on Twitter@Brian_Ashcraft.
Advertisement
In the first installment of Whitney Sudler-Smith's new digital series, Shep & Whitney After Dark, Whitney and Shep Rose open the floor up to fan questions and chat about ladies and relationships. #SouthernCharm fans ask questions like why are they so irresistible and whether or not they have tips on dating multiple women at the same time. The Charmers even discuss whether or not they have been cheated on and... well, let's just say their answers might surprise you. Whitney reveals that he's "been cheated on a lot", while Shep shares that he doesn't think he's ever been cheated on, BUT he mostly attributes this to having "so little girlfriends, they haven't had a chance to cheat on me."
Watch the full episode above and stay tuned for their next installment when they welcome Thomas Ravenel who chats about fatherhood and....birth control.
News from Anonymous
Popular online aggregator @YourAnonNews prepares to host and fund its own site.
Storified by The Stream· Fri, Mar 22 2013 13:18:31
We need your help! Your Anon News Launching News Site, Crowdsourcing to Raise Funds | http://http://t.co/xLT6iLD4yC" class="">ow.ly/jg3KOYour Anon News
Your Anon News posted the press release on Tumblr and the fundraising site, We Pay
WePay.comAJstream
Both sites detailed a plan for expanding the group's capabilities to report, rather than simply aggregate the news.
We will engineer a new website which will allow us to collect breaking reports and blogs from the best independent reporters online.youranonnews.tumblr.com
We'll provide feeds for citizen journalists who livestream events as they are taking place, instead of the 10-second sound bites provided by the corporate media.youranonnews.tumblr.com
Likewise, we know it would be beneficial to our followers to exist as a community beyond simple social media interactions. Many people have asked us to establish a site that accomplishes all of this and we've decided it's time we build it.youranonnews.tumblr.com
Many of those followers expressed excitement about the endeavour. YAN Tumblr followers shared their thoughts on the proposed site: The announcement has renewed concerns about bias, decentralisation and the editorial practice of the YAN account, which boasts more than 900,000 followers on Twitter.
I intend to support this in some fashion. I will be very interested to see where this goes.robgarv.tumblr.com
Siva posted the comment below, linking to several articles about the suppression of leaked news from groups like Anonymous and WikiLeaks:
This is kinda like a big deal.sivajan.com
Militants from the Islamic State parade down a main street in Mosul, Iraq. AP
An Islamic State leader has been killed in an airstrike in the northern Iraqi city of Mosul, residents and a local medical source said Thursday.
They said Radwan Taleb al-Hamdouni, whom they described as the radical militant group's leader in Mosul, was killed with his driver when their car was hit in a western district of the city on Wednesday afternoon.
The ultra-hardline Islamic State (aka ISIS or ISIL) swept through northern Iraq in June almost unopposed by Iraq's army, consolidating on gains made in the country's Sunni heartland region of Anbar.
Hamdouni was buried later Wednesday. Large numbers of supporters, some carrying black ISIS flags, attended the funeral, one source said.
He had been the ISIS "wali," or governor, of Mosul, which was captured by the group in June and remains the largest city in a self-declared Islamic State caliphate straddling the border between northern Iraq and eastern Syria.
The US, backed by some Western and Arab allies, launched airstrikes against the group in Iraq in August, later expanding operations to targets in Syria.
The air campaign, which Washington says aims to degrade ISIS' military capability, helped Kurdish forces retake territory from the group in Iraq and defend the Syrian border town of Kobane from an ongoing ISIS offensive.
ISIS fighters faced another setback this week when Iraqi officials said they had broken a five-month siege of the Baiji oil refinery — Iraq's largest — on Tuesday.
(Reporting by Dominic Evans and Saif Hamid; Editing by Michael Georgy/John Stonestreet/Susan Fenton)
RICHMOND — The head of the state tobacco commission warned that the panel would create the appearance of “manipulating” power in the Virginia Senate if it announced that it was hiring Sen. Phillip P. Puckett on the same day he gave up his seat, according to e-mails released Thursday.
Tim Pfohl, interim executive director of the commission, said in a June 5 e-mail to Puckett, a Democrat from rural Russell County, that he had begged Del. Terry G. Kilgore (R-Scott) to delay making it known that Puckett was getting a top staff job with the commission. Kilgore is chairman of the commission.
“Phillip: Terry spoke to us today about announcing your role w/ the Commission in conjunction with what he said is your intention to announce your Senate plans tomorrow,” Pfohl wrote. “I implored him to ‘decouple' those announcements for the sake of the appearance of the Commission manipulating the Senate balance of power and starting WW3 w/ the Governor's administration.”
Pfohl went on to say that the commission's executive committee still planned to meet a few days later to give Puckett the job.
“I mention all this so you know what's being planned on our end to give this the most defensible appearance of due process,” Pfohl added.
The message is among 74 pages of e-mails that The Washington Post obtained Thursday under Freedom of Information Act request. The documents shed light on what went on behind the scenes in the days leading up to Puckett's surprise resignation.
His exit, which handed Republicans control of the evenly divided Senate in the middle of a standoff over the state budget and Medicaid expansion, was connected to job prospects for Puckett and his daughter. Puckett and Kilgore have said there was never any quid pro quo, but the move infuriated Democrats and sparked an FBI investigation.
Read the full story here.
Candidate Kathleen Troia "KT" McFarland debates against John Spencer for the republican Senate nomination, on the campus of Pace University in New York on Wednesday, Aug. 9, 2006. Associated Press/Angel Chevrestt
PALM BEACH, Fla. (Reuters) - President Donald Trump's deputy national security adviser, K.T.McFarland, is expected to step down and has been offered the position of U.S. ambassador to Singapore, a U.S. official said on Sunday.
The move comes as Trump's national security adviser, H.R. McMaster, retools the national security team he inherited from retired General Michael Flynn, who resigned as Trump's first national security adviser in February.
The 65-year-old McFarland is a former national security analyst for Fox News and was one of Trump's original hires after he was elected president on Nov. 8.
News of her pending departure came less than a week after Trump removed his chief strategist, Steve Bannon, from a seat on the National Security Council at the urging of McMaster.
Flynn was forced to resign on Feb. 13 over his contacts with Russia's ambassador to the United States, Sergei Kislyak, prior to Trump taking office on Jan. 20.
(Reporting by Steve Holland; Editing by James Dalgleish)
Catch New York combed through social media for guest photos taken at Loews Hotels and Resorts and integrated the candid, unsolicited images into the chain's new "Travel for Real" ad campaign.
Mostly quiet, mildly quirky moments abound. They include shots of a tattooed dude playing banjo in his suite (with the headline, "Everyone needs to find their rhythm") and a kid with cucumbers on his eyes kicking back in a swimming pool ("Everyone needs to soak it all in"). The work is breaking now in magazines like Bon Appétit, Condé Nast Traveler and Wired, as well as in airport displays and as online banners.
Building on 2013's "The Room You Need" campaign, this new work puts guest visits in an even "more emotional and personal" context, says client CMO Bruce Himelstein. #TravelForReal is the hashtag. (All subjects and image posters were duly compensated for the use of the photographs.)
"These are real-life images of actual guest experiences, licensed by Loews," agency chief creative officer Doug Spitzer tells AdFreak. "The vast majority were taken by guests themselves, and while there are a handful of images capturing events such as weddings that may have been taken by professionals and subsequently posted on social media, none were commissioned by Catch nor by Loews. We loved the opportunity to break this boundary and sideline the pros that we are usually so excited to work with."
He adds, "We started our search on Instagram using Loews Hotels hashtags and location tags, but our search grew much wider than that, spanning all of social media. To this date, we have reviewed more than 35,000 images, where we have found just about everything you can possibly imagine."
Ultimately, he says, "anyone considers staying at Loews can be sure that what they are seeing is real, not the creation of a talented pro. There are no tricks, wide angle, Photoshopped shots—like people rightfully complain about on social media. 'Travel For Real' is the real deal, through the eyes, and lenses, of our guests who loved the time they had at Loews."
Fair enough. It's certainly a different approach for the hotel category, where the imagery is usually so manicured. I do wonder if the premise isn't somehow neutered by the fact that most people flipping through magazines might assume these are professional shots—if they give the matter any thought at all.
"That did occur to us," Spitzer says, "and that's why we ended up giving every source credit, so you could actually look at their other photos and see their lives outside of their Loews travel."
The imagery is appealingly on brand, evocatively portraying the luxury chain as an oasis of relaxation and rejuvenation in a stressful world. Though if you wind up in the room next to Banjo Boy, you won't get much peace. Dude looks like he could play all night.
CREDITS
Client: Loews Hotels & Resorts
Agency: Catch, New York
Campaign: "#TravelForReal"
Agency Team
Partner, Chief Creative Officer: Douglas Spitzer
Creative Director, Art Director: Rich Corrigan
Copywriters: Will Woods, Rich Corrigan, Douglas Spitzer
Designer: Maggie Mai
Producer: Kim Schulster
Production Artist: Elvin Garcia
Managing Director: Jason Dorin
Account Director: Isabelle Aylwin
Media Director: Stephen Wraspir
Client Team
Chief Marketing Officer: Bruce Himelstein
Senior Vice President, Marketing: Jim Cone
Vice President, Public Relations: Sarah Murov
Senior Director, Marketing Communications: Piper Stevens
Director, Brand Marketing: Lacey Tisch
Director, Internet Marketing: Jacob Messina
Two New Jersey men were charged Friday in the sexual assault and murder of 15-year-old Nicole Angstadt, whose body was recovered in the crawl space of a vacant home last December in the Cape May area. Derrick Powers, 23, and Charles Mosley, 33, face charges of first degree murder, murder during the course of a sexual assault, conspiracy to commit murder, conspiracy to desecrate a body and hindering apprehension.
Mosley also faces charges of aggravated assault and desecrating a body, as well as his previous charge of having a sexual relationship with the minor. Powers and Mosley, both from the Rio Grande, are being held on $1 million bail, according to the CBS News Crimesider blog.
Middle Township Police Chief Chris Leusner expressed to Press Of Atlantic City the profound effect that Angstadt's murder has had on a community where homicide is rare.
“It's horrible. It's a 15-year-old girl. It breaks your heart. It makes you angry. I know it hurt the whole community. My officers were out there. It's something that bothers them. It will probably bother them the rest of their careers, the rest of their lives.”
The family of murder victim Nicole Angstadt has set up a GoFundMe site. [Photo via the Arnstadt family's GoFundMe page] Angstadt's sister, Heather Bradley, praised Nicole for her ability to always make people laugh, despite claims by some that she led a “troubled life.” Press of Atlantic City reported that local police records showed a variety of complaints related to her residence, including noise, truancy and parental domestic disputes, with 135 visits by local law enforcement since 2012, which led police to initially presume Angstadt was a runaway.
Despite what appeared to be a tumultuous home life, Bradley said Angstadt was the one who pulled the family together through their tough times, and Bradley bristles at any suggestions her home life drove Nicole to the streets.
“Her mother loved her extremely like she loves the rest of us. As far as I'm concerned, my mom is my best friend,” Bradley told Press of Atlantic City. “Every family has issues, has things within their family. For people to just bash my mom, I think it's absurd… The reality is there is nothing that we could have done to prevent this.”
Bradley said her family will never experience another joyous Christmas with the loss of their daughter and sister, and the depth of the family's loss is expressed on their GoFundMe page to help cover Nicole's funeral expenses.
“Imagine having a daughter who's 15 go missing, after 2 long weeks of waiting, finding out that she'll never be coming home. Imagine having a twin sister and every time you look in the mirror you see her in yourself. Nicole Angstadt will not have a chance to see her 16th birthday, she will never be walked down an aisle, and never know what it's like to have a child of her own. She was taken too soon and now her family is suffering this tragic loss.”
The community's shock at Angstadt's brutal murder led to Middle Township police reinstating its street-crimes division, noting that both Powers and Mosley weren't originally from the area, with Mosley having an extensive previous criminal record. Mosley was released from prison in August 2015, after serving four years for burglary, aggravated assault and eluding police, with previous robbery and assault charges before that incarceration dating back to 2001. Upon his release, he had used a hotel voucher to stay in the Rio Grande.
Nicole Angstadt was only 15 when she was murdered and left in the crawl space of a vacant home in the Cape May area. [Photo via the Arnstadt family's GoFundMe page] Since reinstating the street-crimes division, Middle Township police have targeted illegal activities at the voucher hotels, making 17 arrests while seizing 1,180 bags of heroin and 86 bags of crack cocaine, Leusner said. Unfortunately, that all came too late for Nicole Angstadt and the family left behind to mourn her, but Leusner wants to use the tragedy to create something positive.
“It's sad. But the way I decide to handle that sadness, that anger is to make it productive. That's what we're trying to do with our efforts here.”
If convicted of the charges pending against them, Mosley and Powers face sentences of 30 years to life in prison.
[Photos of Mosley (left) and Powers (right) via the Cape May County Sheriff's Office]
Labor Day 2011: The failure of capitalism and the Obama administration
5 September 2011
On Labor Day 2011, the American working class faces a social disaster.
As many as 25 million workers are either unemployed or underemployed. Working-class living standards are falling sharply. Employers are cutting back or eliminating benefits like health insurance and pensions. The public social services on which tens of millions depend, like education, Medicare, Medicaid and Social Security, are targeted for massive budget cuts.
There is a growing realization among tens of millions of working people that talk of an economic “recovery” is a lie. Trillions have been handed to the banks to safeguard the wealth of corporate executives and Wall Street speculators. Meanwhile, the economic situation facing the vast majority of the population is only getting worse. The present world crisis is the most serious since the Great Depression.
There is one striking difference between now and the 1930s. In the 1930s, a section of the ruling class in the United States, under conditions of social upheaval, was compelled to advance an agenda of social reforms. The government oversaw significant federal works programs as well as the introduction of Social Security.
Nothing of the sort is being offered today. Instead, under the leadership of the Obama administration, the economic crisis is being used as an opportunity to reverse all these previous gains. The Democrats and Republicans confine their “debate” to how many trillions of dollars to slash from federal spending on Medicare, Medicaid, food stamps and Social Security. The watchword from all the big business politicians is that there is “no money” to meet the social needs created by the economic crisis and mass unemployment.
One fact shows the claims of “no money” to be a lie. Giant corporations and banks are sitting on a cash hoard now estimated at more than $2 trillion—an amount sufficient to wipe out the combined deficits of federal, state and local governments overnight, and enough money to hire every unemployed worker in America at a decent salary and benefits.
The capitalists are now engaging in an investment strike, refusing to invest in new production or to hire new workers because it is more profitable to speculate in the financial markets. The weight of long-term mass unemployment helps the bosses drive down wages, benefits and working conditions.
Both Obama and the Republicans agree that only the private sector can create jobs, and they offer variations on the same policy of tax cuts, deregulation and other favors to corporate interests.
The universal agreement within the ruling class on the program of social counterrevolution is a product of 1) the long-term decline of American capitalism; and 2) the rise of a financial aristocracy that controls the political system and has an essentially parasitic relationship to society as a whole.
The working class needs a program to fight the economic disaster we now confront. The Socialist Equality Party insists that there can be no solution to the economic and social crisis, in the United States and internationally, that does not attack the capitalist system and the profit interests of the giant corporations and banks.
The Socialist Equality Party demands:
A multi-trillion dollar public works program! A job at a decent wage is a social right!
We call for an emergency public works program to put 20 million people to work in high-paying, productive jobs. This would include rebuilding crumbling infrastructure (public facilities, highways, mass transportation, water and sewage systems, hospitals and clinics), restoring the damage from hurricanes, tornadoes and other natural disasters, and providing needed social services like education, health care and recreation.
Stop evictions and foreclosures!
The SEP calls for a one-year moratorium on mortgage payments for working-class homeowners. All evictions and foreclosures must be ended. Homeowners must be allowed to refinance their mortgages at the lower rates now available to the banks, but not passed on to homeowners. The principal on mortgages must be reduced sharply to reflect the decline in housing prices.
Rescind all budget cuts and expand public services!
All state and local government workers laid off over the past four years must be rehired and the cuts in vital social programs and services rescinded. Hundreds of thousands of new public school teachers must be hired to reduce class sizes and guarantee a decent education for all youth, regardless of income and class background. Quality health care must be guaranteed as a social right.
Make the capitalists pay for the crisis!
The resources exist in abundance to carry out such an emergency program, but they are being monopolized by the super-rich. The 400 richest individuals in America saw their wealth soar to $3.6 trillion in 2009, while the vast majority of the American people saw their own financial resources dwindle. The top one percent of the US population has seen its share of national income grow from 9 percent in 1970 to 24 percent in 2007.
Immediate measures must be taken to establish social equality, including a 90 percent tax on all incomes over $500,000, along with a similar wealth tax on multimillionaires and billionaires.
A socialist program
The implementation of even the most minimal demands is impossible without a direct attack on the power of the capitalist class, which exercises a stranglehold over the economy and the entire political system.
There is not a single social right that can be met so long as the banks and giant corporations remain under private control. The nationalization of these institutions, under the public ownership and democratic control of the working class, is the essential prerequisite to a program of wealth distribution and economic planning to meet social need, not private profit. This is the necessary basis for the socialist transformation of the economy, in the United States and internationally.
To fight for this program, the working class must break out of the straitjacket of the trade unions and all those organizations that seek to maintain the political control of the Democratic Party.
Labor Day in Detroit, where UAW President Bob King and AFL-CIO President Richard Trumka join President Obama on the platform, personifies this reactionary lineup. Obama has continued and even escalated the Bush administration's program of imperialist war abroad and attacks on democratic rights at home. Obama expanded the bailout of Wall Street and successfully imposed a 50 percent cut in wages on autoworkers. Yet the unions are preparing to mobilize their full resources to back the reelection of this right-wing pro-corporate president.
The urgent task is the building of a new political leadership and perspective. The Socialist Equality Party is spearheading the fight for the independent industrial and political mobilization of the working class in a struggle against the two-party capitalist system. We urge all workers and young people who agree with this program to join the SEP and take up the fight for socialism.
Socialist Equality Party
Socialist Equality Party
There's no shortage of golf gadgets in the world, but these three are worth a special look. Two are based on Android handheld computers (PDAs) while the other clips to your clothing and talks to you. If that sounds all techie and horrible and a total anathema to getting away from it all on the golf course, worry not, these devices are unobtrusive and are here to help. They're like tiny robot caddies.
Fundamentally, the handhelds let you keep score electronically while also measuring distances (in yards or metres). They are legal in all competitions because they are fundamentally measuring devices. This is different to smartphone apps which are banned in competition because they also can provide unfair assistance such as weather information, wind and slope details. They also have far superior battery lives and won't drain your phone.
Common handheld features
Both handhelds keep score - you just jab the number of strokes you took. However, they also allow you to record how many putts you made and whether you drove off left or right of the fairway. Both cater for up to four players at a time.
You don't have to program them either - just turn them on in the car park and by the time you hit the first tee they'll know exactly which hole you're playing on at which golf club in the world. If for a reason it gets a location a little wrong (because two tees are very close to each other or that a single tee is used for two separate holes) it's simple to manually adjust which hole you're supposed to be playing. As you walk round the course they will automatically know when to focus on the green or the next tee.
They'll account for handicaps and keep track of whether you're using a Stroke play or Stableford scoring system.
They both show an illustration of each hole and provide the distance from where you are to where you hit the ball. Both also allow you to jab a point on the map and set a target on the fairway to lay up to: you will then be given the distance to that target and then on to the green.
On both models you can adjust where the pin has been positioned on the green. The view of the green also changes automatically depending on your angle of approach.
Both can measure the distance of individual shots at the click of a button.
Both are weatherproof (not fully water proof) and can be viewed in direct sunlight.
You can also preview a course before you play it.
Garmin Approach G6 ($330ish)
It may be a little less refined than the GolfBuddy Platinum but the G6, with its 2.6-inch screen, is a useful piece of kit. Basic functions involve showing a representation of either an entire hole or just the green (all distances are to the middle of the green by default but you can drag and drop the pin as required) and you can pick a target along the fairway to aim for too (it will tell you the distance to the target and from the target to the green. It will also display the distances to any hazards.
Measuring the distance of a shot is simply a case of holding the measure button to set a mark and walking to your ball after hitting it. Uniquely, you can then add that distance to each of your club's average distance and build up a very accurate average measurement for each club that you have. If you've got some obscure clubs you can easily add more and rename any existing ones.
Included accessories are limited - there is a wall charger and holder with carabiner. The battery lasts for around 15 hours.
The two buttons make it facile to use although the slightly smaller screen and chunkier graphics weren't quite as pretty as those seen on the Platinum. That said, the functional nature may prove attractive to technophobes who prefer a simpler layout that focuses on basic information and intuitive ease of use.
Unlike the platinum it also caters specially for Match Play and Skins scoring methods.
We had very few problems when testing it although it did freeze up when measuring the distance of some shots sometimes: only an annoyance in that a great tee-off was only registering 28m, but it didn't happen too often.
Saved information is simple to view later on - two web page files are stored on the device and can be accessed just by plugging it into a computer. However, only basic score information is displayed although you are reminded how many fairways were hit from your drive plus how many greens were hit in regulation and how many putts you took in total.
The other page keeps track of your club averages. However, due to a mistake in selecting the wrong course on one occasion my average drive is now listed at almost six million metres and I can't change it without resetting all its scores. Nonetheless, it's simple to use and simple to access.
Course updates are for life (there are some 30,000 global courses at present and over 1000 of those are in Australia). At $330 it's a reasonable price and generally cheaper than the more powerful GolfBuddy World Platinum although the wild price fluctuations of that might change things. It feels more basic and functional than the Platinum and this could be attractive if you point blank hate technology. If you like the idea of measuring the average distance for all of your clubs, prefer pressing buttons to fiddling with the screen and aren't too fussed about keeping track of (and analysing) your historical round statistics, then it could make for a more attractive choice.
GolfBuddy World Platinum ($220ish to $449ish)
The Platinum has a slightly-larger, 3-inch screen with a higher resolution and an 18-hour battery life. Having 50-channels makes it fast to lock on to satellites but it wasn't noticeably more accurate than its competitors. Some 40,000 courses are loaded onto the included microSD card and updates are also for life. On the one hand, more fairway information is visible in terms of colour schemes, however, you'll sometimes need to jab the Targets button to see how far each hazard is whereas the G6 displays everything at once. While more information can be displayed it's not always correct: a path was listed as a creek on one of our holes, although it was better having it there than not at all.
Setting a mark involves tapping the side button but you can't record which club was used to strike the ball with. Nonetheless, you can easily set marks wherever the ball lands. When recording your score you can note whether you hit a bunker or not.
Where the Platinum pulls away is with its computer integration: a computer program manages the information and device updates. Each round provides more information than simply numbers; there are graphs for how often you hit the fairway or the 'Green in Regulation' plus your number of putts and putting average. It's all very well laid out and more useful than the Garmin in this regard.
Accessories include two flavours of clip case and a car charger. It's a more refined product than the Garmin but it's pricey at $449. However, a bit of savvy internet shopping means it can be had for just $220 from US-based suppliers and the global nature of the product means you'll still get all of the courses. You'll lose local support buying from overseas but not paying the 100 per cent Nice Beaches Tax balloons the value proposition.
Ultimately, if you want a fully-featured, easy to use map tool and score card just for the course then the Garmin is probably your best bet. However, if you don't mind more-fiddly operations and want to track your performance on the computer (and you can find it cheap) then the Platinum has the edge.
Missing features
There is some serious power in the units. With that in mind it shouldn't be too hard to record everything you do on a course just by hitting the ball, walking to the ball and telling the device which club you used. In doing this you wouldn't even need to type in your score. You'd also be able to track your round history over time and see where you are having consistent problems on a course. The stat tracking would be out of this world. How hard can it be?
Golfbuddy Voice ($120ish to $240ish)
The small, square, golf-ball-sized, 30-gram Voice is a different beast altogether. The small LCD display carries minimal information although it's still able to provide a small line-diagram of each hole. This zooms into the green where appropriate and even rotates the diagram depending on you angle of approach.
Its basic function means you press the button and it tells you the distance to the green using clear, femal voice. It can't be overstated how quickly you come to rely on this. There's no more scanning around for course distance markers or working out which club to use based on guess work and iffy trigonometry (or Imperial/Metric conversions in some countries). With one of these clipped to your shirt or hat you now will always know the exact distance to the green - just by pushing a button and listening. You can also choose the front, middle or back of the green if you want to be a smidge more accurate on your approach play.
That's not all; with a few extra button pushes - which you'll have to learn as they're not that intuitive - you can also set marks and measure the distances of your shots.
The downside is that the small size means that it's easily lost. But once you lose it you'll quickly realise how much you relied upon it and you'll seriously miss it not being there.
Naturally its size limits its functionality and it can't keep score or provide course maps like the handhelds.
Value is another concern. In Australia it costs $240 which might sound reasonable. However, in the US (and online in Australia from the likes of eBay) it can be had for literally half that.
Nonetheless, this isn't just a great golf gadget it's a great gadget. It's pure innovation, simple to operate and will do the job for golfers of all ages forever.
Basically, if you play golf then you need one of these, it's just as simple as that.
The thing to know going into Casting JonBenét is that you won't get any answers. And according to director Kitty Green, that's exactly the point.
The sensational, decades-old case of the 6-year-old beauty queen found murdered in her family's home on Christmas night in 1996 is a popular subject for filmmakers looking to capitalize on the current taste for “true crime” documentaries and docudramas. After all, the story dominated tabloids for months, and was almost as famous as the O.J. Simpson case — which itself got two treatments last year, one docudrama and one documentary — and still pops up in headlines sometimes, two decades later.
But Green didn't want to make a docudrama or a straightforward documentary. She had something else in mind.
Casting JonBenét is about Boulder, Colorado, more than the Ramsey case
Green is an Australian documentarian with one feature under her belt: the 2013 documentary Ukraine is Not a Brothel, for which she lived with and documented the feminist protest group FEMEN, known for its topless protests. The film won a number of AACTAs — Australia's answer to the Oscars — including Best Documentary Feature.
To follow up the project, Green made a seven-minute short film called The Face of Ukraine: Casting Oksana Baiul, which won the jury prize for a short documentary film at Sundance in 2014. The film toyed with what it's like to audition to play an iconic figure (Baiul, who won the gold medal for figure skating at the Lillehammer Olympics in 1994, was the first Olympic champion for an independent Ukraine) and told the story of a divided country through the girls who came out for the part.
That idea was the seed for what became Casting JonBenét. “There's so many JonBenét Ramsey TV specials, with actors playing her mother and father,” Green told me. “I'm always thinking, how do you play Patsy Ramsey if you don't know if she's guilty or innocent? How do you approach that role? I basically wanted to focus on the community.”
In Casting JonBenét, that community is Boulder, Colorado, where the Ramseys lived — “It's nestled in the mountains; It's picture perfect, an American, idyllic sort of beautiful suburban area. It's gorgeous,” Green says. To make the film, she went to live in Boulder for about a year, flying her Australian crew in and out every few months to shoot. Boulder itself makes an appearance in the film, in shots flying over snow-covered trees and winding roads. “It's kind of a little bit incongruous, just the beauty of it — it brings out the horror of what happened there,” she says.
Casting JonBenét takes shape as a series of auditions
But the focus of Casting JonBenét isn't the landscape of Boulder; it's the people. Green put out a casting call in the Boulder area, inviting people to audition for any role in the Ramsey case. Once they arrived on the set, Green explained that this wouldn't be quite the movie they were expecting.
“Before we dressed them all up, I'd give them a 15-minute spiel about how I envisioned the film coming together. Which is difficult, because it's not like any other film, so it's not really easy to describe!” Green says.
She told them that the casting material would be used in the film — that anything they said on camera during the auditions might end up in the final cut, so they should be careful about what they say. “It's an experiment, basically,” she told them. “And will you jump down the rabbit hole with us?”
To her surprise, Green says, virtually all of them agreed. The results are quite remarkable.
Most Casting JonBenét comes from these audition tapes, with people who auditioned to play JonBenét's mother Patsy and her father John talking on camera about their connection to the characters. Some of them lived nearby when the murder happened. Some of them talk about their personal connections to the story, speaking freely about difficult losses in their own lives. One woman lost three children. One was abused as a child. One man woke up to discover that his girlfriend had died during the night.
They also speculate about the people involved in the case and about what happened — not just with the Ramsey family, but several others, including John Mark Karr, the pedophile who falsely claimed he killed JonBenét, and a Santa Claus who'd been at a party at the Ramseys' who some think may have climbed in JonBenét's window.
There are definitely moments of levity throughout the film, which are often shot through with something like gallows humor. For instance, a series of 10-year-old boys audition to play Burke, JonBenét's brother, who some suspect of killing his sister, and his parents of covering for him. After someone says a boy of that size wouldn't be capable of the crime, we watch a bunch of them try to bash a baby watermelon to pieces with a large blunt rod. It's very funny, till you realize what it's implying.
Casting JonBenét is about the way we think about sensationalized crime stories
The levity, though, is expertly layered into something more revealing. Casting JonBenét makes the case that the way we think and talk about sensationalized crime cases is deeply influenced by our own experiences — and it calls into question the real possibility of ever arriving together at something like the “truth.”
The level of personal disclosure in the auditions is pretty astounding, with people admitting to startlingly personal details as they discuss the case. Green was surprised by the kind of intimate information people were willing to disclose, too. “Americans are more open than Australians,” she said. “I could never have made this in Australia. We're much more private people.”
But, she notes, people wanted to talk. “There's something about the fact that these people have lived in the shadow of this crime for 20 years, and haven't really been able to escape it,” she says. “I think a lot of them found it quite cathartic to talk about their own connection to [the case], or their experience with it, or their own impressions or presumptions.”
Those presumptions and impressions lead to a wide variety of conclusions about what actually happened, some of which Green dramatizes through scenes that look more cinematic, and in which the actors actually play the characters. But Green didn't make a movie that recreates the Ramseys' story. She made a movie about the challenges of making a docudrama. And she wanted the audience to come away with more questions than answers.
“How do you deal with an unsolved case?” Green asks. “We won't know that answer to this. There's not enough evidence to convict anybody, so we're in the dark, basically. How do you deal with having more questions than answers? How do you deal with ambiguity, uncertainty, and doubt? That, to me, was really fascinating.”
In many of her recreated scenes, you can see a piece of equipment or misplaced set dressing in the background. That was a deliberate move designed to remind viewers — many of whom are likely used to watching docudramas that strive for realism — that this is just a movie, and movies aren't the events themselves; they're recreations of events, and subject to interpretation.
In Casting JonBenét, every theory is the truth
At the end of the film, most of the actors are on a movie set, dressed to look like the interior of a suburban house — the Ramseys' house. There are about a dozen women playing Patsy and a dozen men playing John, and they're all simultaneously acting out versions of what could have happened as the camera goes by. That scene, Green says, was almost entirely improvised.
“There were rules and restrictions, but they were free to bring their own emotional stories and connections to the case to this reenactment,” Green says. Given each of their stories, she left it up to the actors to decide how they would interpret the events of that horrible evening.
The result is quite astounding, especially since many of the actors aren't professionals. Some of them weep, fight, or yell. It's like watching all of the possibilities at once. And in a sense, since we'll likely never really know what happened, each of those possibilities floated by the actors are “real.”
The JonBenét Ramsey murder is a sort of Schrödinger's cat crime: Because we don't know what happened, all of the possibilities are plausible. They may not be true, but people arrived at their various conclusions because those conclusions seem honest — they're linked to their own experiences, so they seem totally plausible. And Casting JonBenét surfaces them all at once.
The small number of images of JonBenét herself in the film will probably confound some Netflix viewers who watch it expecting to relive the case. But that doesn't bother Green. Her aim is to provoke viewers into thinking about their own relationship to sensationalized media stories and the ways we arrive at what we think “really” happened.
“We're interested in their interpretations of what happened that night in the face of knowing they don't know exactly what happened,” Green says. “Like, how do they find closure? How do they move forward? How do they come to terms with something that is, basically, one giant question mark, or a mystery?”
The film closes on a little girl who plays JonBenét strutting down the hallway to “There She Is, Miss America,” which sums the movie up well: It's both beautiful and ridiculous, emblematic of an American obsession with over-the-top spectacle and lurid crime.
“You get caught up in all the tabloid sensation and all of that stuff, and you kind of forget about what's important here,” Green says. “I always wanted to end the film with her image. It made sense to give her a kind of swan song.” JonBenét's ghost haunts the film — and she still haunts Boulder, too.
Casting JonBenét premieres on Netflix on April 28.
The transit mall is still new and clean, construction on the first MAX light rail line is a couple years off. Pioneer Courthouse Square, though having just been declared dead by the city council, would soon be resurrected by proceeds from commemorative bricks. Nordstrom opened a large new store four years ago. A few blocks south, the internationally famous Portland Building was nearing completion. The New Theatre Building (PCPA) is planned. The Galleria has opened to rave reviews. The early 80s was an exceptionally exciting and dynamic time for downtown Portland as hundreds of millions of dollars in public and private investment poured in to build the regional amenities and destinations which we now take for granted.
Interesting fact: the US Department of Interior granted $1.2 million ($3.5M 2016 USD) towards the $7.8M ($17M 2016) Pioneer Courthouse Square project.
Corner of SW 5th and Morrison. March, 1981. Of all the pictures I have scanned, this picture has to be my fave. A lot of characters in this shot. Though roughly planned since 1975, Pioneer Square had many near death experiences as this article from January 6, 1981 explains. Pioneer Courthouse Square as it appeared shortly after completion in 1986. The original intent of the pavillion was for a cafe but all tenents failed until 1989 when Starbucks opened it's 40th location here. Photo by Steve Morgan. PCS today. Note the addition of one floor to the Nordstrom building and alterations to fountain. Placeholder Classic early 80's Nordstrom ad. Oregonian, 2/9/1981 They really need to bring back this logo for something. Oregonian, 2/9/1982 Rollerskates!~ Even back in disco's dieing days, Nordstrom exuded an air of sophisticated advertising restraint. The Oregonian, 2/12/1981 A fun article trumpeting the rebirth of downtown and many future speculative developments. Oregonian, 2/1/1981 A close-up of the map. What the hell is this advertising? Oregonian, 2/1/1981 A full-page ad in the Oregonian haralds a sale on all Huk-a-Poo and Robert Bruce. Oregonian, 1/7/1981 In contrast to Nordstrom, Meier & Frank showcased an amazing lack of brand disipline deploying at least 13 distinct logos over it's 149-year existance. 5th and Morrison. The Oregonian. Published on: April 8, 1981 Painting of Same corner. “Old Meier Frank” by Gene Gill. 1980. The process of Will Martin's colorful painted design of Pioneer Courthouse Square that gave the public a sense of what was to come. Photo: Bruce Forster 1980. Photo: Bruce Forster Elevated view of the two story parking structure that was demolished to make way for Pioneer Courthouse Square. Photo: Bruce Forster
If you want to know the health benefits of walking, this article will show you how walking can help you lose weight, strengthen bones, and much more.
Walking is one of the most underrated ways to get in shape and improve overall health. It's perfect for anyone – seniors, the obese, injured folks and even fit people. And it's easy to do since you don't need lots of willpower or motivation to walk.
But most of us don't experience the benefits of walking because of our lifestyles. You probably don't walk to work, to the shopping mall, or even take the stairs. You see, walking doesn't always have to be a deliberate exercise. Making a few lifestyle changes can help you walk more.
Even those who do bodyweight training can benefit from walking. Personally, I walk for at least 30 minutes every evening. And you should too. Here are 20 amazing benefits you'll experience once you start walking every day.
Benefits of walking every day
1. Helps Prevent Osteoporosis
Osteoporosis is a bone problem that affects senior citizens because their bone mass becomes small as they age. The decline in bone structure and reduced quality of bone tissue as you grow older can trigger osteoporosis. Studies have found that walking for just 15 minutes per day can help prevent osteoporosis as you age.
Walking outside will allow you to get vitamin D from sunlight. As you may know, vitamin D strengthens the bones and may reduce the risk of osteoporosis.
2. Promotes a Healthy Heart
Research shows that walking can lower risk of heart-related conditions as much as running can. Researchers found that walking can lower risk of high blood pressure and high cholesterol, which consequently promote a healthy heart.
Since the heart is a muscle, walking will force it to work harder to pump blood, and this will make it stronger.
3. It Keeps You Fit
Walking can improve your fitness especially if you've been living a sedentary lifestyle. For obese and overweight folks, walking opens the door to more challenging exercises like jumping jacks and jumping rope.
But you need to combine it with bodyweight exercises or weights to strengthen the core and increase muscle mass. I may also note that walking will undo the harmful effects of sitting all day.
The average person walks 3,000 to 4,000 steps a day, so track your steps with a pedometer and work your way up to 10,000 steps a day.
4. Improves the Respiratory System
Just like other exercises balance breathing, walking short distances daily improves your respiratory system. Walking every day improves the respiratory system by making it smoother and stronger.
The pace you walk at is also important. Walking faster will benefit your respiratory system more.
5. Reduces Body Fat Modestly
Walking may not get you shredded but it can help you shed fat slowly and steadily if combined with proper nutrition. You can burn up to 500 calories if you walk 10,000 steps at a moderate-fast pace.
In fact, walking burns a lot of fat and little to no muscle. Which means you will quickly lower your body fat percentage.
6. It Enhances Glycemic Control
Walking for 15 minutes every day after meals may improve your blood glucose levels (especially in seniors with a declining glucose tolerance). It is important to keep your walking habit as close to meals as possible so as to support effective weight loss.
7. It Balances Triglyceride Levels
Walking for 30 minutes each day can balance your triglyceride levels. Triglycerides are fats found in the blood. After eating, the body converts the calories that are not needed into triglycerides. Having very high levels of triglycerides in your blood increases your risk of developing heart disease.
8. It Extends your Lifespan if Done Briskly
One recent study that examined 31000 female and 7000 male recreational walkers concluded that our walking intensity predicts our mortality rate. The workers who walk the fastest seem to die the least according to the study.
Note that this isn't an interventional study, it just explored the relationship between the natural walking speed and risk of mortality.
9. Great for People with Arthritis
Arthritis patients find it difficult to exercise because of pain. But since walking is the easiest form of exercise, it is ideal for arthritis patients. Walking slowly on flat ground can reduce pain.
One study found that walking helps to balance body function in people with arthritis.
10. Improves Brain Function
Walking every day provides extensive cognitive benefits, including enhancing memory in seniors, and improving cognitive control as well as academic performance in young people or preadolescents.
It also helps to boost creativity in young and healthy people. The farther an older individual walks in just six minutes, the better they are able to perform in memory and logic tests.
11. Walking Daily Reduces Stress
When I want to move on from a stressful day, I go for a walk. And it's most rewarding when I walk around nature. It can be the beach, hills, woods or even the park. If you're feeling stressed, take a walk today – you'll feel much better afterward.
Walking also doesn't add training stress like excessive cardio or strength training. You can walk a lot and not worry about overtraining.
12. Walking Gives you an Opportunity to Think
Walking has psychological benefits because when we walk we think. And this can greatly benefit you especially if you walk in a quiet environment. You will be able to work through problems and come up with fresh ideas. You will also be able to replay conversations easily, scheme, ruminate and find solutions.
13. It Strengthens the Bones
Walking helps strengthen the bones and reduces your risk of fractures. One recent study found that women who were able to walk a minimum of 4 hours weekly saw a 40 percent reduction in the risk of suffering hip fractures. Note that strength training is more effective at maintaining strong and healthy bones.
14. It Improves Your Mood
If you are having a rough day, it is an excellent idea to go for a walk. A number of studies have shown that walking every day effectively improves the mood and significantly decreases stress levels.
Walking can actually get you motivated to work or exercise. If you're feeling lazy to exercise, take a 20-minute walk to get in workout mode.
15. Enhances Blood Circulation
Walking daily or engaging in any form of physical activity is great for the circulatory system. It improves blood circulation by helping balance blood pressure levels, thereby reducing the risk of developing stroke. Walking at least 30 minutes a day combined with good eating habits can eliminate circulation problems.
16. Reduces the Risk of Falling With Age
Walking on a regular basis or daily can help prevent trips and falls that occur as we age. Loss of balance and weakened muscles due to aging can put you at greater risk of falling or tripping.
Walking every day will improve your body balance by strengthening your lower body and increasing stability.
17. Makes It Easier To Reach Your Goals
Walking every day will help you build discipline which can be applied to other aspects of life. Other benefits of walking like better brain function and lower risk of diseases will also make it easier to reach your goals.
Don't walk aimlessly, set walking goals and reward yourself when you attain them. This will boost your confidence and motivation to achieve more.
18. It Helps Prevent Type 2 Diabetes
Besides helping to prevent heart disease, studies have found that walking for one hour every day helps lower risk of type 2 diabetes. Walking helps the muscles work properly so that they can absorb glucose. According to one study, an hour of walking on a daily basis can decrease the effects of type 2 diabetes by 30 percent.
19. Helps with Insomnia or Sleep Problems
Based on research published in Seattle for the Fred Hutchinson Cancer Center, when insomnia patients walk for 45 minutes daily, especially in the morning hours, they are more likely to sleep better or effectively treat their Insomnia.
20. Helps Control Cholesterol Levels
The body requires a specific amount of cholesterol for optimal health and development of cell membranes. There is a risk of developing heart problems when you have excessive amounts of blood lipids or bad cholesterol (especially the LDLs). On the other hand, lower amounts of HDL (good cholesterol) can be harmful.
Walking every day is an excellent way to ensure that your cholesterol levels are well regulated.
Final Word
Walking every day doesn't require a lot of commitment. Just start with 10-minute walks and slowly increase the duration and pace. Simple things like taking the stairs, parking far from the office and lunch-break walks can increase your steps.
Once you make walking a habit it'll be easier to perform other exercises.
Which benefits have you experienced from walking every day?
[related_posts_by_tax posts_per_page="4"]
Originally Posted by Snakebite (Source) Originally Posted by
Ok this has happened several times today, and to be honest its beyond annoying, its actually ruining my game and making me think of going elsewhere.
So I'm still doggedly playing as bounty hunter, and due to the lack of legit targets (i've not yet met a single human wanted player since starting this game) i've been forced to start interdicting 'clean' ships, I pull em out of supercruise and scan them with the KWS just to see if they have any bounties.
Now, i'm not yet quite ready to turn to piracy, so as long as they are clean I let them go.
But.... what is really getting on my wick is the number of ships that are exploiting the disconnect-to-get-out-of-trouble bug.. I think about 4 out of 5 ships that I try to interdict simply vanish from the scanner, i'm guessing that they simply pull the plug rather than risk an engagement.
TBH I wish these chicken poo commanders would just move over to solo mode, after all why bother to play online if they are going to chicken out of any contact ? They are just wasting my time and ruining the game....
FD REALLY need to sort this out it going to ruin the multiplayer game for many, otherwise
why not try something like this.
Once an interdiction tether is established you cannot pause or quit.
If you disconnect then the AI takes over your ship and you cannot rejoin the game until the engagement is over.
If the AI looses the engagement then tough, you loose a ship and its your own fault for chickening out.
If the AI wins, then its tough on the person that interdicted you.
This Game is Called Elite Dangerous, why have they made it so soft ?
So you want free Racer X stickers? We've been getting a ton of requests for stickers lately, so we figure it's time for a reminder.
Free Racer X stickers are always available. Just send a self-addressed stamped envelope. That means you need to put an envelope inside another envelope, put paid postage on the inside envelope and outside envelope and send to the address below.
Racer X Illustrated
Attn: Free Stickers
122 Vista Del Rio Dr.
Morgantown, WV 26508
Are you international? Make sure there is enough postage on your internal envelope or it will not make it back to you! It can get costly shipping to international addresses, so use THIS GUIDE for postage amounts.
Scenario 1:
Joe: Hi, can you send me free stickers? I love Racer X!
Racer X: Yes, of course Joe! We love seeing Racer X stickers on everything, please send a self-addressed stamped envelope and we'll send you the internal envelope full of stickers!
Joe: Great, I will put an envelope inside another envelope, put paid postage on the inside envelope and outside envelope and send it to:
Racer X Illustrated
Attn: Free Stickers
122 Vista Del Rio Dr.
Morgantown, WV 26508
Thank you!
Racer X: Perfect, thanks. You can expect some free stickers!
Scenario 2:
Bob: Hi, can you send me free stickers? I love Racer X!
Racer X: Yes, of course Bob! We love seeing Racer X stickers on everything, please send a self-addressed stamped envelope and we'll send you the internal envelope full of stickers!
Bob: I don't have an envelope or postage. Please just mail me the stickers using your own money.
Racer X: Sorry Bob, you will not be getting free stickers. Once you can follow the instructions we will gladly send you free stickers.
They're in various forms. They repeat with disturbing regularity. America's war on terror targets Islam. At issue is duplicitous scaremongering. It advances Washington's imperium.
Wars of aggression follow. False arrests target innocent victims. Terror threats repeat. They're strategically timed. They change the subject. They divert attention.
They fool most Americans. They do so most of the time. Here we go again. The mainstream media march in lockstep. They regurgitate Big Lies.
On August 2, The New York Times headlined “Qaeda Messages Prompt US Terror Warning,” saying:
“The United States intercepted electronic communications this week among senior operatives of Al Qaeda, in which the terrorists discussed attacks against American interests in the Middle East and North Africa, American officials said Friday.”
“The intercepts and a subsequent analysis of them by American intelligence agencies prompted the United States to issue an unusual global travel alert to American citizens on Friday, warning of the potential for terrorist attacks by operatives of Al Qaeda and their associates beginning Sunday through the end of August.
Fact check
Al Qaeda's a longstanding US asset. It's used strategically as enemy and ally. Terror threats are fabricated. Bin Ladin was used as “Enemy Number One” years after he died.
Obama didn't kill him. He was seriously ill with kidney disease. He had other illnesses. In December 2001, he died naturally. The Pakistan Observer reported it. So did BBC and Fox News.
In July 2002, The New York Times said he's been dead for “almost six months.” He was “buried in the mountains of southeast Afghanistan.”
On August 1, 2013, The State Department headlined “Temporary Post Closures and Worldwide Travel Alert.” It's like previous ones. They're fake.
“The following posts normally open on Sunday will be closed” on August 3 and 4, 2013. It's because of “increased security concerns.”
“For further information, please click on the links below. A Worldwide Travel Alert has also been issued.”
US Embassy Abu Dhabi, United Arab Emirates
US Embassy Algiers, Algeria
US Embassy Amman, Jordan
US Embassy Baghdad, Iraq
US Consulate Basrah, Iraq
US Embassy Cairo, Egypt
US Consulate Dhahran, Saudi Arabia
US Embassy Djibouti, Djibouti
US Embassy Dhaka, Bangladesh
US Embassy Doha, Qatar
US Consulate Dubai, United Arab Emirates
US Consulate Erbil, Iraq
US Consulate Jeddah, Saudi Arabia
US Embassy Kabul, Afghanistan
US Embassy Khartoum, Sudan
US Embassy Kuwait City, Kuwait
US Embassy Manama, Bahrain
US Embassy Muscat, Oman
US Embassy Nouakchott, Mauritania
US Embassy Riyadh, Saudi Arabia
US Embassy Sana'a, Yemen
US Embassy Tripoli, Libya
According to an unnamed senior American official,”more than the usual chatter” was intercepted. Specifics were omitted. There are none. They don't exist.
They come at Ramadan's close. They followed Russia granting Snowden asylum. They came three days after fake Israeli/Palestinian peace talks began.
They're during worsening economic crisis conditions. They affect growing millions. They're when Washington threatens escalated war on Syria.
They're at the same time administration officials try justifying institutionalized global spying. Meta-data mining is standard practice. NSA monitors everyone it targets all the time everywhere.
Russell Tice is a former Office of Naval Intelligence/Defense Intelligence Agency/NSA analyst. His career spanned 20 years.
In December 2005, he accused NSA and DIA of unconstitutionally wiretapping US citizens. He got national attention, saying:
“Everyone at NSA knew what they were doing was illegal, because it's drilled into our heads over and over that it's against NSA policy, that you do not do that. The choice is to speak out and get fired.”
On August 1, he was interviewed on PBS' News Hour. He said NSA collects “everything.” It accumulates content “word for word, everything of every domestic communication in this country.”
Every phone call, email, and other personal communication is gathered and stored. Nothing escapes its scrutiny. It lies claiming otherwise. Meta-data collection is official policy. It's longstanding. It's done with technological ease.
Earlier he said NSA “targets, sucks-in, stores and analyzes illegally obtained content from the masses in the United States.”
Elected officials are monitored. So are federal judges. Candidate Obama's phone was tapped. His private emails were read.
Public awareness grows. Fearmongering diverts attention. False flags shift attention from what matters. Administration officials take full advantage.
On August 2, Russia Today headlined “US issues global travel alert over al-Qaeda attack threat,” saying:
It “warn(ed) US citizens about the ‘continued potential for terrorist attacks' in the Middle East and North Africa.”
It comes weeks ahead of the 12th 9/11 anniversary. It's also the Benghazi, Libya first anniversary.
The travel alert remains throughout August. The State Department “alert(ed) US citizens to the continued potential for terrorist attacks, particularly in the Middle East and North Africa and possibly occurring and emanating from the Arabian Peninsula.”
“Current information suggest that al-Qaeda and affiliated organizations continue to plan terrorists attacks booth in the region and beyond and they may focus efforts to conduct attacks in the period between now and the end of August.”
Americans were warned about potential dangers on subways, air travel, railways, ships, other forms of public transportation, and prime tourist sites.
The mainstream media regurgitate fearmongering. They do it ad nauseam. On August 3, CNN headlined “US issues global travel alert, to close embassies due to al Qaeda threat.”
Embassy closings and travel alert warning remain in place. Britain and Germany said they'll “close their embassies in the Yemeni capital, Sana'a, on Sunday and Monday. The UK Foreign Office said it was a precautionary measure.”
An unnamed US senior official in Yemen called the threat there “much worse than it has (been) in a long time.”
According to other unnamed US officials:
“Various Western targets – not just those tied to the United States -are under threat.”
Former US ambassador to Iraq Christopher Hill said:
“There have been incidents where they've closed down a number of embassies in the Middle East because the information is not specific enough to say that 'embassy X' got to be closed as opposed to other embassies.”
“But I think this, closing all of these embassies in the Middle East to North Africa, is in fact unprecedented. At least, I didn't see this during my career.”
Unsubstantiated fearmongering lacks credibility. The usual “experts” hype it. US broadcasters and cable channels feature them. So do major broadsheets.
Notable past terror attacks were false flags. Perhaps Obama has another one in mind. Perhaps multiple ones. Maybe something major.
Last April's Boston Marathon bombing was a black ops scheme. It was state-sponsored terrorism. Tamerlan and Dzhokhar Tsarnaev were set up. They were innocent patsies.
They had nothing to do with it. Police murdered Tamerlan in cold blood. Dzhokhar faces longterm hard time.
The FBI bears responsibility for US terror plots. So does CIA. It's longstanding policy. Post-9/11, it escalated.
Bush declared war on terrorism. Obama continues what he began. Washington needs enemies. When none exist, they're invented.
Muslims are America's target of choice. Innocent victims are entrapped. Doing so lets FBI operatives claim fabricated war on terror victories.
It lets NSA officials saying spying uncovers plots before they hatch. It lets America get away with murder. It does so on a global scale.
Lies, damn lies, and repeated lies facilitate state sponsored terrorism. It remains ongoing. Lots more is planned. America's waging war on humanity. It's longstanding US policy.
Stephen Lendman lives in Chicago. He can be reached at [email protected].
His new book is titled “Banker Occupation: Waging Financial War on Humanity.”
http://www.claritypress.com/LendmanII.html
Visit his blog site at sjlendman.blogspot.com.
Listen to cutting-edge discussions with distinguished guests on the Progressive Radio News Hour on the Progressive Radio Network.
It airs Fridays at 10AM US Central time and Saturdays and Sundays at noon. All programs are archived for easy listening.
http://www.progressiveradionetwork.com/the-progressive-news-hour
http://www.dailycensored.com/fake-washington-terror-threat/
WILL & DENI MCINTYRE via Getty Images Tributary of the Amazon River.
Norway is so waked to deforestation, it's the first nation to outlaw it.
On May 24, Norway committed to zero deforestation, reports UN partner Climate Action. The groundbreaking move means that the nation pledges to ban any product in its supply chain that contributes to the deforestation of rainforests through the government's public procurement policy.
Paulo Whitaker / Reuters Virgin Amazon rain forest surrounds patches of deforested land prepared for the planting of soybeans.
“This is an important victory in the fight to protect the rainforest. Over the last few years, a number of companies have committed to cease the procurement of goods that can be linked to destruction of the rainforest,” Nils Hermann Ranum of Rainforest Foundation Norway said in a statement on the organization's site. “Until now, this has not been matched by similar commitments from governments. Thus, it is highly positive that the Norwegian state is now following suit and making the same demands when it comes to public procurements.”
The foundation has campaigned for years to make this a reality.
Rickey Rogers / Reuters Mato Grosso State in the Amazon jungle, one of the Brazilian states of the greatest deforestation.
At the UN Climate Summit in New York in 2014, Norway, Germany and the U.K. pledged to “promote national commitments that encourage deforestation-free supply chains,” through public procurement policies and to sustainably source products like palm oil, soy, beef and timber.
According to Climate Action, production of palm oil, soy, beef and wood products in seven countries with high deforestation rates (Argentina, Bolivia, Brazil, Paraguay, Indonesia, Malaysia and Papua New Guinea) contributed to 40 percent of total tropical deforestation and 44 percent of associated carbon emissions between 2000 and 2011.
This is not Norway's first anti-deforestation rodeo, either.
DEA / P. JACCOD via Getty Images Aerial view of Amazon rainforest in Amazonas State, Venezuela,
Theres a theory Wikileaks is controlled by the FSB/SVR; and are useful idiots whose dissent is being capitalized on
The NYTimes massive story on this 9/2016: http://www.nytimes.com/2016/09/01/world/europe/wikileaks-julian-assange-russia.html
Best theory breakdowns:
WL threatened to leak Russian info in Oct/Nov 2010 http://www.csmonitor.com/World/Europe/2010/1026/WikiLeaks-ready-to-drop-a-bombshell-on-Russia.-But-will-Russians-get-to-read-about-it
Reddit had a HUGE thread on it: https://np.reddit.com/r/worldnews/comments/dwolw/wikileaks_ready_to_drop_a_bombshell_on_russia_but/
Moscow sent VERY SERIOUS threats to WL and they haven't said a SINGLE bad word about Russia since then:
“ So far Russia has had no official response. But on Wednesday, an official at the Center for Information Security of the FSB, Russia's secret police, gave a warning to WikiLeaks that showed none of the tact of the U.S. reply to the Iraq revelations. "It's essential to remember that given the will and the relevant orders, [WikiLeaks] can be made inaccessible forever," the anonymous official told the independent Russian news website LifeNews.
Did Wikileaks get cold feet?
Wikileaks never hesitates to embarrass NATO countries
What changed in 2010?
Why in Dec 2010 did Medvedev suggest Assange be nominated a Nobel Prize?
Reddit had a thread on this https://np.reddit.com/r/worldnews/comments/ej3ks/russia_calls_for_wikileaks_founder_julian_assange/
“ "Public and non-governmental organisations should think of how to help him," the source from inside president Dmitry Medvedev's office told Russian news agencies. Speaking in Brussels, where Medvedev was attending a Russia-EU summit yesterday , the source went on: "Maybe, nominate him as a Nobel Prize laureate."
Ever wondered how/why Assange got a RT talkshow in 2012 After he threatened to expose Russian secret documents?
How did Assange have connections to house Snowden in Russia?
Was WL started as a Russian OP?
I say no
Has it become one?
Starting to look so
Even the KSA leaks are looking a little more suspicious
Saudis are a Western ally. Iran is pro-Russia. Look at the Oil Price War b/w Russia and KSA.
Who leaked TPP? Who is TPP not including?
Russia & China
*Who leaked the Sony pictures files?
WL
Theres a consistent anti-western tint here
Why did WL post how CIA spies travel?
Boris Nemtsov met an ambassador on Russia-US ties & WL reveals it https://wikileaks.org/plusd/cables/09MOSCOW1497_a.html Then assassinated years later
Malware servers from DNC hack linked to Bundestag hack via Russian intel: https://twitter.com/pwnallthethings/status/756892523885240322
There are Phillip Agee vibes from Assange/Wikileaks/Snowden
WL doxxed John Brennan's family http://www.thedailybeast.com/articles/2015/10/21/wikileaks-doxxes-cia-chief-s-wife-and-daughters.html#pq=T9jQM0
WL & Anon twitter accts infighting over WL constant support for anti-western talking points:
Anon accts chastising WL for this tweet:
Anon retweeted comments suggesting that wikileaks is toeing a distinctly Pro-Kremlin line:
Fmr WL worker Daniel Domscheit-Berg fell out w/ Assange & had a problem with the exclusively anti-Western view
WL accused of scrubbing documents: http://www.dailydot.com/layer8/wikileaks-syria-files-syria-russia-bank-2-billion/
Assanges protege Sigurdur Thordarson became an FBI informant
Thordarson calls-out Assange:
“ ...WL fights for Justice but still the Editor-In-Chief of WL is running from Justice for those women in Sweden, he's breaking laws by breaking he's Bail Condition, WL claim they have no polticial ties to any government/or political party and im not saying they do, but it is strange that WikiLeaks host's an TV Show on Russia Today, which is operated by money from the Russian Federation, and still no files about Russia has been reveled, nor Ecuador or Venezuela,, WL has published information, Some here say that documents revealed by WL showed War Crimes, that it self is partly true, 95% of the data that WikiLeaks has published such as the Iraq and Afghan War logs, Diplomatic Cables don't show anything illegal or wrong doing, the rest 5% maby 1-2 % of that show something that's illegal, the rest might show some wrongdoing, perhaps not illegal, So Yeah what Bradley Manning did was illegal that can't be debated, did he get the treatment he deserved ? Hell no, Should he have been charged like he was? Yes, why? He revelaed hundreds of thousunds of classified information that did nothing but embarress the US, If he had leaked only information that showed act of War Crimes, then i don't think he would be in some positions as he is in today, but though getting a sentance from 136 years to 35 years roughly,...
Kid who WORKED at WL finds their affiliation with the Russians as suspicious!
Why did Snowden say this when he got Russian asylum?
“ Yet even in the face of this historically disproportionate aggression, countries around the world have offered support and asylum. These nations, including Russia, Venezuela, Bolivia, Nicaragua, and Ecuador have my gratitude and respect for being the first to stand against human rights violations carried out by the powerful rather than the powerless. By refusing to compromise their principles in the face of intimidation, they have earned the respect of the world. It is my intention to travel to each of these countries to extend my personal thanks to their people and leaders.*
Russia? Venezuela? Bolivia? Nicaragua? Ecuador? Bastions of freedom?
One of the FIRST stories about the NSA docs leaked didn't come from Greenwald/Poitras, but the South China Morning Sea. . His whole campaign about domestic intelligence integrity started off by revealing chinese espionage.
If WL is getting info they arent sharing, theyre lying about their mission If WL is a russian intelligence front, they get free intel from leakers & whistleblowers under the guise that WL will help them...instead of hoarding it. This allows WL to curate disinformation via edited docs & false narratives that lack context under the guise of "journalism"
If WL was honest about bias, no one would debate WL as an objective source of info. They filter the narrative they want to push. You should always ask: "What does that person have to gain from sharing this information with you?"
No one is unbiased but what Wikileaks is choosing to omit is equally important.
After the trans-Atlantic slave trade was officially abolished toward the end of the 19th century, many whites felt threatened and feared free Blacks would become dominant in the society. The elites spent a great deal of time mulling over how best to solve the so-called Negro problem. A popular solution that emerged during this period was the ideology of racial whitening or “whitening.”
Supporters of the “whitening” ideology believed that if a “superior” white population was encouraged to mix with an “inferior” Black population, Blacks would advance culturally, genetically or even disappear totally, within several generations. Some also believed that an influx of immigrants from Europe would be necessary to successfully carry out the process.
Although both ideologies were driven by racism and white supremacy, whitening was in contrast to some countries that opted for segregation rather than miscegenation, ultimately outlawing the mixing of the races. This, however, was just a different means to the same end as these nations also imported more Europeans while slaughtering and oppressing the Black population.
Here are 5 of the several counties that adopted a whitening policy and what happened as a result.
Back in 2012 I wrote a piece on Shapeoko, Edward Ford, and his CNC community. At the time he was on the verge of bringing the first good quality, affordable CNC to market. Now in 2015 he's releasing Shapeoko 3 and by all evidence his guiding principles haven't changed. With the release of Shapeoko 3, he's delivering an even better CNC for under $1,000.
The original Shapeoko made news for the value proposition it offered. With input from the Shapeoko community, a wide range of improvements were developed and then bundled as standard features in Shapeoko 2. With the Shapeoko 3 the improvements continue while maintaining the price point.
As an owner of the original Shapeoko there are a few things I particularly like about the Shapeoko 3. First, the beam-and-rail aluminum extrusion has been massively beefed-up, providing more structural strength for faster cutting. Second, the Z-axis is no longer a threaded rod or ACME screw but a belt-driven cam which greatly increases the speed of vertical movement while holding precision. Third, it comes with the option of a DeWALT router which is much preferred over the original Dremel-clone that came with mine. You can learn many more details on the Shapeoko blog.
While some things have remained the same, such as Ford's commitment to affordable quality and the Shapeoko community's support, some things have changed. Shapeoko has joined with Carbide 3D, which makes CNC mills with a similar philosophy. The Carbide 3D team developed Carbide Motion which is now available as the Shapeoko controller. Most significantly to me, Ford is now working full time on Shapeoko. Given what he was doing in 2012, this is perhaps the most dramatic change.
Smart tools keep getting better and cheaper thanks in part to leaders like Ford.
During the first presidential debate, Democrat nominee Hillary Clinton decided to play the sexism card against Republican nominee Donald Trump by bringing up former Miss Universe Alicia Machado, who has accused Trump of making comments about her weight.
Machado claimed that Trump called her “Miss Piggy” during the pageant because of her weight. Trump has denied these claims, of course, and in the days following the debate some disturbing details about “Miss Piggy” have come to light.
Fox News uncovered an interview that Machado did with The Washington Post on May 16, 1997, in which she said she was anorexic and bulimic before the pageant even started.
“When I was preparing for Miss Universe it was almost an obsession for me to not gain weight. By the time I won, I was actually recovering. But the year leading to it, I didn't eat at all,” she stated in the interview.
According to American Medical Association charts, she was nine pounds below a healthy weight at the time of the pageant.
When Fox News' Megyn Kelly confronted her with the contents of this interview, Machado simply denied making such remarks and claimed that the pageant must have somehow manipulated her answers.
So instead of the vast right-wing conspiracy, we now have the vast beauty pageant conspiracy. Delightful.
This interview is important because a key element of Machado's attack on Trump has been the assertion that his comments about her weight led to her having an eating disorder. Never mind he's having previously said that “I was skeletal” at the time of her pageant victory.
The Post interview indicated that she had an eating disorder well before Trump said anything to her. Clearly Machado — who at one point was accused of threatening to kill a judge (the real kind, not the pageant kind) and who is thought to have been closely associated with a prominent crime lord — was being less than honest.
If she is lying about the biggest part of her story, she is probably lying about the rest of it too.
Machado also couldn't confirm that anyone else actually heard Trump call her “Miss Piggy,” for that matter.
You can see her full interview with Megyn Kelly here:
The Clinton campaign knows that Trump's policy ideas are better than Clinton's and will resonate more with the American people, which is why they are resorting to these desperate attacks on Trump — attacks that we “deplorable” folk hope will ultimately fail.
H/T teaparty.org
Share this on Facebook and Twitter and let us know what you think about Machado's story.
Source: conservativetribune.com
As Electoral-Vote points out, for Republicans NY-13 is the congressional district that keeps on giving:
First, Republican Congressman Vito Fossella tries to prove his love of family values by having two families. Fossella decides not to run for reelection.
The Republicans pick Francis Powers to run for his seat, but his son (Francis Powers Junior) announces his intention to run against his dad (as a Libertarian) to prevent him getting elected. Then Francis Powers (senior) suddenly dies from a heart attack.
Right at the deadline, the Republicans file the dead Powers as their candidate anyway, because they can't find anyone else.
Finally, the Republicans talk former assemblyman Robert Straniere into running.
Problem over, right? Until one of the state's most prominent Republicans, Guy Molinari, announces:
I'm going to do everything in my power to stop him. And if that means defeating him and a Democrat wins, that's okay, too. I would rather have someone that's honest and would do what's right for the country, than support him. … He lies about everything. How do you pick a man like that to go to Congress?
This is proving to be a tough year for Republicans. NY-13 was the last congressional seat in NYC held by the GOP.
New Delhi: The Supreme Court on Friday slammed the Aam Admi Party (AAP)-led Delhi government for not effectively dealing with the chikungunya outbreak in the capital.
“You can't treat the people of Delhi like this," a bench comprising justices Madan B. Lokur and U.U. Lalit said.
The court's reaction was to an affidavit filed by the Delhi government in which it said that certain officers are not obeying the government's directives. “The office of the Lieutenant Governor is obstructing our functioning," the affidavit said.
Also Read: Culex mosquitoes not Zika virus carriers, say Kansas University researchers
Taking note of the affidavit, the court asked Delhi government to name the officials.
The court also refused to accept the state government's plea to disclose names of officers in a sealed envelope.
“It is a very strong allegation and you've gone on record to say this in an affidavit. So take responsibility for what you've said and give is the names," the court said.
The apex court had taken up the issue of inefficiency in tackling chikungunya outbreak on its own.
The case will be heard next on 3 October.
Sysadmin blog I am responsible for making decisions regarding the purchase of computer hardware, software and services. I advise others regarding the tactical and strategic implementations of technologies and IT-related services. The financial security and stability of my own company, the companies of my clients and all the associated employees depends at least in part upon the accuracy and soundness of my decisions. The process underlying my decision-making is the source of continued introspection.
Who do you believe in?
The critical question is: "In whom do you have faith?"
Do you have faith in a deity, in friends or in family? Do you have faith in your government, your educational institution – in teachers, journalists, analysts or corporations? In whom do you place your trust for the financial security and stability of yourself, and all those under your care?
I seem to have a harder time of this than most. Neither I nor my clients have the petty cash available to attend the myriad relevant industry conferences. I don't get invites to super-secret, ultra-NDAed roadmap viewings. I rarely get to sit down with the suits and CxOs of the technology industry over beer. Put simply: there is an inadequate amount of the kinds of frank, honest discussion that leads to a greater understanding of the motivations behind the sometimes incomprehensible decisions of the companies that shape our industry.
I'm working hard to make the connections that get me into these events, get me interviews with the right people and attached to the right junkets at the right times. Writing for The Register opens some doors, but not as many as I'd like [Sadly with many tech companies - naming no names - working for the Register causes doors to close ... but fortunately only the doors of the PR and marketing departments - Ed]. For me, divining the future requires reading the same entrails as the rest of you.
As soon as you move from implementation to decision making, you have a choice: accept the advice of other analysts, or do the leg work of analytics yourself. I opt for both; aggregating information from hundreds of different sources and filtering it all through a complex series of perceptual, rationality and integrity filters in order to differentiate fact from spin.
Transparency: We've heard of it
Reading the entrails is getting tougher. Specialist marketing agencies are springing up all over the place. People with decades of experience in "controlling the message" are training an entire generation of highly educated, highly intelligent PR flaks in defeating our bullshit detectors. Each decade adds more hard science to the marketing toolkit; our practical understanding of human psychology and group dynamics expands every year.
Apple built an empire on spin, secrecy and hype. The less they revealed the more wild and fevered the speculation grew. They achieved brand recognition beyond anyone's wildest dreams by very carefully and assiduously keeping silent, consistently turning a deaf ear to customer feedback and doing next to nothing on the analyst/press relations front. At the end of the day it doesn't have a tangible effect on the landscape because Apple is a consumer electronics company, not an IT company.
The world is a darker place when business-critical players like Microsoft start adopting the same tactics. Microsoft is everywhere: from the hypervisor to the cloud, the thin client to the desktop, the server to the phone. You can't throw a rock in most businesses without hitting something it has a hand in, and anything other than absolute transparency on its behalf is something I have a big problem with.
Microsoft is certainly not alone in its importance: "Oracle doesn't have customers, it has hostages." This saying exists because Oracle is in a position where it is the only company in the world capable of providing critical infrastructure. The truth is made visible in the lucrative industry of "moving customers to Anything But Oracle."
Cisco is another name worth mentioning. What they do is unquestionably important; and yet numerous companies are doing great business on the strength of "We do what Cisco does, but we don't behave like Cisco."
I am not the hive mind
It goes against conventional wisdom to utilise or advocate technology from anyone except well-established industry leaders such as those discussed above. The conservative approach to risk management says that the available cash reserves and huge customer base of these companies mean they are not going anywhere for a very long time. They represent a "safe bet", one that analysts, journalists and systems administrators are often and easily ridiculed for challenging.
Here, I must break from conventional wisdom. I do not take issue with the technologies on offer or the perceived viability of the companies in question. Even when I personally dislike an individual product, the majority of the world will end up adopting it, through sheer corporate inertia if nothing else. The Tech Titans are where they are because they make good gear. Even if they were to fail miserably several times in a row, their sheer largesse ensures they will all be around for decades.
My issues with many of tech's biggest companies lie in visibility. Not being one of those NDAed analysts with long-term road maps and the heart-to-hearts with CxOs, I have to rely on publicly available information. As secrecy becomes the norm, separating fact from spin becomes more difficult.
Millions of dollars are spent to convince me to buy products when what is actually required is a marketing-free, warts-and-all discussion about those products from the people who built them. New features and Ballmer dancing on stage in an ill-fitting suit is cool and all, but what I really need is a discussion about bugs, removed features and the user experience. I need this discussion to occur free from the sensationalism of breaking headlines and the watchful eyes of PR. Instead, I have been repeatedly told to simply "have faith".
It is certainly a risk to buy from Arista instead of Cisco, or Citrix instead of VMware. It is more effort to use Red Hat instead of Microsoft, or to port your applications away from Oracle. That said my clients are SMEs. We cannot afford to get locked in to a vendor's ecosystem, only to have a vTax imposed or be forced onto a significantly higher TCO rental model.
If you're a large enough company, you can afford to adopt the attitude that "nobody ever got fired for buying IBM/Cisco/Microsoft/Oracle/VMware/etc." A goof in IT spend is a small wobble in the share price; it is not an upset that could cost you the entire company. Small businesses, start-ups and SMEs don't have that buffer. An IT cock-up can be the difference between making a slim profit and going broke. In this space there is no room for "faith".
At the risk of becoming a pariah among the more conservative tech press and analyst crowd, I choose to reject faith. I choose caution and scepticism instead; I choose to bite the hand that feeds IT. ®
The Birth of Enterprise Ethereum in 2017
Jeremy Millar Blocked Unblock Follow Jan 9, 2017
Enterprise use of blockchain technology has evolved at an almost unfathomable rate over the past 24 months.
From early bitcoin experiments, senior bankers joining start-ups, the launch of the public Ethereum decentralized application platform and the many private, permissioned systems currently under development using the Ethereum technology, to the creation of industry consortia, blockchain has emerged as one of the top enterprise IT trends entering 2017.
The market has already moved beyond the incubation phase where innovators effectively build the technology along with their initial applications, and possibly beyond the early adopter phase too. Increasingly, mainstream enterprise IT organizations are not only educating themselves and experimenting with blockchain but also are aiming to tackle novel use cases and complex IT challenges with the technology. More and more frequently, our clients are asking for assistance building MVPs not POCs, or hardening environments for production readiness.
With this whirlwind, dare we say tornado, of adoption, it is also clear that certain key technologies are emerging as potential de facto standards as blockchain platforms, while at the same time IT organizations can be overwhelmed at the complexity and capabilities of the technology.
Ethereum is arguably, the most commonly used blockchain technology for enterprise development today. With more than 20,000 developers globally, the benefits of a public chain holding roughly $1bn of value, and an emerging open source ecosystem of development tools, it is little wonder that Accenture observed ‘every self respecting innovation lab is running and experimenting with Ethereum'. Cloud vendors are also supporting Ethereum as a first class citizen: Alibaba Cloud, Microsoft Azure, RedHat OpenShift, Pivotal CloudFoundry all feature Ethereum as one of their, if not the, primary blockchain offering.
Why? The software is widely available: simply download an Ethereum client, pick your favorite development environment, and get going. Ethereum is general purpose and easy to program: full stack / web developers can pick up the Solidity smart contract programming language in a matter of hours and develop initial applications in only a few days. Documentation is plentiful, as are code samples, deployment frameworks, and training. Little wonder that so many companies are using Ethereum as their blockchain of choice.
Today, enterprises are deploying private Ethereum networks in or near production in areas as diverse as supply chain tracking, payments, data privacy, compliance, and asset tokenisation just to name a few. Certainly, we are some time away from seeing investment banks fully migrate securities clearing and settlement to Ethereum networks, but we already do see private Ethereum blockchain networks in production, even in financial services.
But enterprises adopting Ethereum face a number of challenges, notably:
Ethereum was developed initially for public chain deployment, where trustless transaction requirements outweigh absolute performance. The current public chain consensus algorithms (notably, proof-of-work) are overkill for networks with trusted actors and high throughput requirements. Public chains by definition have limited (at least initially) privacy and permissioning requirements. Although Ethereum does enable permissioning to be implemented within the smart contract and network layers, it is not readily compatible ‘out of the box' with traditional enterprise security & identity architectures nor data privacy requirements. Naturally, the current Ethereum Improvement Process is largely dominated by public chain matters, and it has been previously challenging for enterprise IT requirements to be clarified and prioritised within it.
As a result, many enterprises who have implemented private Ethereum networks have either ‘tweaked' or forked open source implementations or have relied on proprietary vendor extensions to meet their deployment requirements. Some of these are extremely sophisticated and are on the cutting edge of computer science: BlockApps STRATO, Hydrachain, Quorum, Parity, Dfinity, and Raiden. While understandable, and in fact until now the only effective approach, the downsides are obvious: lack of application portability, code base fragmentation, and vendor lock-in.
Not surprisingly, this has been a point of conversation for some months between enterprise technology vendors, corporate users and Ethereum startups. These discussions have expanded, with the blessing and involvement of Vitalik Buterin, into a dedicated group of enterprise technology vendors, the largest corporate users and Ethereum infrastructure leaders collaborating to define a roadmap, legal structure, governance and initial technical developments to define ‘Enterprise Ethereum'.
To some extent this parallels the paths of other significant platform technologies, such as TCP/IP & HTTP and perhaps (from a software perspective) more relevantly Java and Hadoop.
Java was never intended to be a broadly used enterprise development tool; it was in fact developed originally for interactive television (specifically set-top boxes and smart cards — who remembers Java Card?). However, Java had many advantages for web development with database back-ends (known as web client-server or three-tier architecture): it had comprehensive web and database APIs, it provided ‘write-once, run anywhere' platform portability, simplified object-oriented programming constructs with familiar syntax, and a rapid development ecosystem. Indeed, it was not even Sun that created Java Enterprise Edition (at that time, J2EE); it was a plucky start-up (WebLogic) and a group of enterprise customers and other vendors. Similarly, Hadoop was originally created to index the web and for advertising serving. And who knew TCP/IP would emerge into a protocol that today, literally exists everywhere?
Ethereum is one of the few, indeed perhaps the only, blockchain technology with a similar trajectory and potential. Even the early “public permissionless” vs. “private permissioned” differentiation to expedite enterprise adoption strongly echoes the internet vs. intranet deployment considerations that were so prevalent before enterprises became comfortable with security and scalability issues of the then available public infrastructure.
By banding together the key adopters, supporters and shapers of enterprise usage of Ethereum, we are seeking to provide a platform not only for the technology, but also to provide the governance and tools to create a standard for ‘Enterprise Ethereum'. It is a group of builders & doers, developing sufficient governance for enterprise requirements but not ‘death by committee' and without ‘pay to play'. Some of our collaborators have noted the refreshing nature of this approach and the pace of technical progress that is achievable from working off a single standard and open source code base. Moreover, Enterprise Ethereum will build upon the current Ethereum scaling roadmap and maintain compatibility and interoperability with public Ethereum. In fact, we believe Enterprise Ethereum will contribute significantly to the overall development of Ethereum.
We'll soon be releasing formal information regarding the many stakeholders who are already forming Enterprise Ethereum. If you are a large corporate user of Ethereum (or anticipate you will be soon) and are interested in learning more about this initiative, please feel free to contact me so that we can register your interest: jeremy@ethent.org.
Stay tuned… the best is yet to come.
Jeremy Millar is Chief of Staff at ConsenSys. He began his career as one of the first Java architects at Oracle, before moving into sales management and strategy roles, both within Oracle and at a number of start-ups. He went on to complete his MBA at Oxford University before joining the M&A team at Goldman Sachs. At ConsenSys, Jeremy has multiple focuses within enterprise and product, and is the chief instigator of Enterprise Ethereum.
Like this piece? Sign up here for our weekly newsletter.
Bayer Leverkusen have sacked head coach Sami Hyypia after a run of just one win in their past 12 matches.
The 40-year-old ex-Liverpool defender took sole charge at the start of the season, having previously shared the job with Sascha Lewandowski.
Lewandowski, 42, who was working with the Bundesliga club's youth teams, steps in for the rest of the season.
Leverkusen lost 2-1 to Hamburg on Friday, putting their Champions League qualification hopes in jeopardy.
Hyypia won the Champions League in 2005
They remain fourth in the table but Wolfsburg, Borussia Monchengladbach and Mainz are within four points of them - and all have a game in hand.
"The dramatic developments of recent weeks gave ​​us no other choice," sporting director Rudi Voller, a former Germany international, told the club's website.
Having joined Leverkusen as a player in 2009 before retiring two years later, Hyypia was appointed to the club's coaching staff - alongside Lewandowski - in April 2012.
The duo led the side to Champions League qualification last season and, despite a 5-0 home defeat by Manchester United, they reached the last 16, losing 6-1 on aggregate to Paris-St Germain.
Hyypia, who won 105 caps for Finland, was a Champions League winner at Liverpool in 2005, and was also part of the team who secured a historic FA Cup, League Cup and Uefa Cup treble in 2001.
An unheralded £2.5m signing from Dutch side Willem II in 1999, he made 464 appearances in a decade at Anfield, and won seven players of the year awards in his homeland between 1999 and 2008.
You must enter the characters with black color that stand out from the other characters
The Carolina RailHawks held advantages in every notable statistical category, and got season-best performances out of Matt Watson and Simon Mensing, but a second-half penalty against Carolina defender Connor Tobin segued into a FC Edmonton goal and a 1-0 defeat for the floundering RailHawks.
If ever the RailHawks needed three road points, it was Sunday afternoon in cold and rainy Alberta, Canada. With only three games left in the NASL spring season, three teams, including Carolina, began the day atop the league table, with two others, including FC Edmonton, within two points of pouncing on the NASL lead.
The only time the Carolina RailHawks have defeated FC Edmonton on synthetic Canadian turf was June 10, 2011, and Carolina has never tasted victory at Clarke Stadium, FC Edmonton's home ground since 2012.
Carolina controled the majority of possession in an uneventful first half Sunday. But both sides appeared wary of committing an error on the slick Clarke Stadium surface. The RailHawks managed two shots in the box, but neither bothered Eddies' goalkeeper Matt VanOekel. Meanwhile, a couple of attempts by Edmonton, including one in the final moments of the half, were easily parried away by RailHawks keeper Brian Sylvestre, given the start over Akira Fitzgerald.
After intermission, the RailHawks found eight second-half shot attempts, six of them on frame. But the only score came from the FC Edmonton, when Tobin was whistled for taking down Albert Watson during an Eddies' corner kick in the 78th minute. Sylvestre guessed wrong on the ensuing PK, and forward Daryl Fordyce calmly converted the game-winning goal, his first of the year.
Carolina's last gasp came in 90th minute, when a overhead cross from Aly Hassan found the leaping head of Jonathan Orlando, who came on in the 84th minute for his RailHawks debut. But Orlando couldn't tie a ribbon on his header, which flew just wide right of goal.
After winning their first four matches this season, the RailHawks (4-1-3, 13 pts.) are now winless in their last four, totaling only one goal over this latest span. Meanwhile, FC Edmonton (4-2-2, 14 pts.) grabs the NASL lead, pending the outcome of the New York Cosmos match versus the Tampa Bay Rowdies this evening.
The RailHawks enjoy their bye week before returning to WakeMed Soccer Park on Wednesday, June 1 to host the Charlotte Independence in the third round of the Lamar Hunt U.S. Open Cup. Carolina then hosts NASL foe Jacksonville Armada on Saturday, June 4.
BOX SCORE
LINEUPS
CAR: Sylvestre, Black, Mensing, Tobin, Moses (Hassan, 90'), Shriver, Perez, Watson (Shipalane, 76'), da Luz, Albadawi, Schuler (Orlando, 84')
FCE: VanOekel, Edward, Diakite, Watson, Eckersley, Gustavo (Plumhoff, 67'), Ledgerwood (Shome, 69'), Fordyce, Corea (Zebie, 88'), Keegan, Ameobi
GOALS
CAR: ---
FCE: Fordyce, 79' (PK)
CAUTIONS
CAR: Black, 34'; Tobin 79'
FCE: Ledgerwood, 21'; Ameobi, 33'
EJECTIONS
CAR: ---
FCE: ---
TALLAHASSEE, Fla. -- The Winter of Winston continues for Florida State's redshirt freshman quarterback.
Jameis Winston is The Associated Press national player of the year, adding to his cadre of postseason accolades. He's this year's Heisman Trophy winner, the Walter Camp national player of the year, the Davey O'Brien quarterback of the year and the Atlantic Coast Conference player of the year.
Just like the Heisman voting, Jameis Winston was a landslide winner in AP player of the year voting, receiving 49 out of 56 votes cast by AP Top 25 college football poll voters. Kelly Kline/Getty Images for the Heisman Trust
Seminoles football fans should send a thank-you note to Florida State's baseball program.
If not for coach Mike Martin Sr. and one of his assistants, Mike Martin Jr., Winston -- a two-sport athlete -- might not be preparing to lead the No. 1-ranked Seminoles against No. 2 Auburn in the Vizio BCS Championship on Jan. 6 with the opportunity to bring a third national title back to the Florida State campus.
When Winston won the Heisman, he thanked the usual cast of family, coaches and teammates. Then there were the thanks to "Eleven" and "Meat." Most of the country ignored the peculiar names, but Winston wouldn't have attended Florida State without the warm relationship between football coach Jimbo Fisher and the Florida State baseball coaching staff. "Eleven" is otherwise known as baseball coach Martin Sr., who has led the program for 34 years, and "Meat" is Martin Jr.
Martin Jr. was on a recruiting trip to watch Winston during his junior year of high school when he called to let Fisher know. Fisher actually had tape of Winston on his desk at the time and decided to put it in. About 30 minutes later, Fisher called Martin Jr. back and said, "Don't let him get away."
Winston hit a game-winning home run that day.
"Jimbo Fisher deserves the credit for giving the young man the opportunity to display his talents in another sport," Martin Sr. said.
Fisher covets players who come from diverse backgrounds where football wasn't their only sport. He actively looks for athletes who play numerous positions on the football field and play different sports.
"It makes you a different kind of competitor," Fisher said. "You learn to learn the different situations. Handle different pressures. Handle noise. Handle quiet. Different games are played in different ways and in different environments. ... You're constantly competing, and you don't get in that rut of you only get it once a year. I think when you're getting it two and three different times of year, the more you're in competitive situations, the more you find out about yourself. ...
"Every time you compete you learn something about yourself. I think it's very good for athletes to do. I wish more athletes were multisport guys than they are now."
Just like the Heisman voting, Winston was a landslide winner in AP player of the year voting. He received 49 out of 56 votes cast by AP Top 25 college football poll voters.
Northern Illinois quarterback Jordan Lynch received three votes. Alabama quarterback AJ McCarron got two votes. Boston College running back Andre Williams and Michigan State cornerback Darqueze Dennard each received one vote.
Winston is the first Florida State player to win the award, which has been handed out since 1998, and the first from the Atlantic Coast Conference. Florida State and Winston continued to excel despite a sexual assault investigation that became public last month. The State Attorney's Office announced that it would not press charges before the ACC championship game.
Bo Jackson, the 1985 Heisman winner, was also a two-sport star from Winston's hometown of Bessemer, Ala. The 19-year-old Winston said after the Heisman ceremony that he wants to be better than Jackson. The Texas Rangers drafted Winston in the 15th round of the 2012 MLB draft, but he elected to go to school.
Winston will compete for the closer job for the No. 5-ranked Seminoles when baseball begins.
He has a fastball that reaches 93-95 miles per hour and throws a slider for strikes. Martin Sr. said there are no restrictions on the quarterback outside of the normal rest for pitchers. Winston is poised to become the sixth winner in Heisman history to play collegiate baseball after winning the award and the first since Jackson in 1986, according to STATS LLC.
Martin Sr. believes Winston could be the No. 1 overall pick in the MLB draft if he was to singularly focus on baseball, but the coach doesn't want that. He sees Winston as a first-round pick in both baseball and football.
"I never want him to devote full time to baseball because then I would miss out on his talent in football," Martin Sr. said. "He's just one of those rare athletes that only come around once in a blue moon."
Winston said baseball helped him "a lot with football because baseball is a failing game. As a quarterback you have to handle every situation the same.
"So when I throw a touchdown I'll celebrate and whatnot, but when I throw a pick I keep my head up and say 'My fault, guys' and move on and keep stuff going. Baseball helped me with that."
SEATTLE (CN) – Police told a teenage rape victim she “made up the story,” and let the man go to rape more women before he was caught, the teen claims in court.
D.M. sued now-imprisoned rapist Mark Patrick O'Leary; the City of Lynnwood; its police chief, two officers and public defense attorney; Cocoon House, a federally funded youth shelter; and two of its managers, in Federal Court.
Despite physical evidence that O'Leary had raped her, Lynnwood police detectives told D.M. she had “made up the story” and pressured her to recant, she says in the complaint.
Detectives “continued to bully” her until she involuntarily signed a confession – then they charged her with filing a false police report, she says.
Three years later, after being arrested for sexually assaulting a woman in Colorado, O'Leary confessed to raping D.M. and another woman in Kirkland, Wash. He “was sentenced for those crimes in Snohomish County, Washington, Superior Court on June 6, 2012,” according to the complaint.
D.M. claims O'Leary raped her on Aug. 11, 2008, when she was 18 and was staying in Cocoon House, which help teens make the transition from foster care.
“During the course of the assault, defendant O'Leary threatened plaintiff DM with a butcher knife, bound her wrists with a shoestring he had removed from her shoes, stuffed a pair of underwear in her mouth as a gag, blindfolded her, and took photographs of her,” D.M. says in the complaint.
After the assault, D.M. freed herself and called a neighbor and her Cocoon House case manager, defendant Wayne Nash, for help.
When police arrived, the officers “made evidentiary observations and identified and took possession of the physical evidence that supported DM's story,” the complaint states. Police took photos of red marks on her wrists, took the shoestring used to tie her up, the underwear used as a gag, a butcher knife and other evidence. She was taken to an emergency room, where a doctor documented more evidence, including abrasions on her wrists and vagina.
But D.M. says police didn't believe her.
“Sometime between August 11 and August 14, 2008, Defendant Sgt. [Jeff A.] Mason spoke with three people who doubted that plaintiff DM had been raped and thought that she had made up the story,” the complaint states. “One was an anonymous caller. Another was plaintiff DM's foster mother, Peggy F. Cunningham. Cunningham and DM had been having a ‘family quarrel' in the days before DM was raped by defendant O'Leary. Another person was Jordan Schweitzer, a friend with whom DM had a phone conversation on the night she was raped.
“None of these individuals claimed that they were with DM at the time she was raped, or that they had any personal knowledge of what DM was doing at the time she claimed that she was raped. Their opinions had no factual basis. They were based solely on speculation and conjecture.”
Detectives told her she “made up the story.”
“Defendant Sgt. Mason and Defendant Det. [Jerry] Ritgarn ceased searching for the rapist after defendant Sgt. Mason spoke with Cunningham and Schweitzer. The police officers believed Cunningham's and Schweitzer's unfounded speculations that plaintiff DM had not been raped, but had made up the story,” according to the complaint.
The detectives claimed there were “inconsistencies” in D.M.'s account and took her to the police station on Aug. 14 to interrogate her. They did not read D.M. her Miranda rights or advise her against self-incrimination, the complaint state
“Defendant Det. Ritgarn put words in plaintiff DM's mouth to extract an involuntary confession from her that she had made up the story,” she says in the complaint.
Then they used the coerced confession to prosecute her for filing a false police report, D.M. says.
D.M. says she told Cocoon House officials that she was forced to sign the confession, but they wouldn't help her get a lawyer, and threatened to kick her out if she tried to rescind her coerced confession.
“After plaintiff DM and the Cocoon House Director defendants [Jana] Hamilton and Cocoon House case manager Nash left the Lynnwood Police Station on August 18, 2008 defendant Hamilton called an emergency meeting at Cocoon House for all of the participants in Project Ladder. At the meeting Cocoon House forced plaintiff DM to state to all the participants that she had lied about being raped, that the rape never happened, and that she had filed a false report of rape. DM was put on a strict case plan and it was mandatory that DM contact [nonparty] Ken Urie, the mental health counselor,” according to the complaint.
Cocoon House provides residential and case management services for Project Ladder, on a contract with the state and Snohomish County.
Charges for filing a false police report were dismissed after she completed a pre-trial diversion agreement in 2010.
Then in February 2011, O'Leary was arrested in Lakewood, Colo., for sexual assault. After his arrest, D.M.'s criminal record for the false report was deleted and she was refunded her $500 bail in the case.
“On June 6, 2012 defendant Marc O'Leary appeared in Snohomish County Superior Court and pled guilty to the rape of DM on August 11, 2008 and to the rape another woman in Kirkland, Washington,” the complaint states.
“The conviction of defendant Marc O'Leary on June 6, 2012 demonstrated that defendants Sgt. Mason and Det. Ritgarn had no probable cause to initiate a criminal proceeding against plaintiff in August 2008, for filing a false police report because she had in fact told the truth when she reported to the Lynnwood Police Department that she had been raped on August 11, 2008,” the complaint states.
D.M. seeks punitive damages for civil rights violations, defamation and negligence. She is represented by H. Richmond Fisher.
Like this: Like Loading...
Fo­cus groups can be self-ful­filling Rorschach tests, with prac­ti­tion­ers cherry-pick­ing the parts that fit their pre­con­ceived nar­rat­ive. But it's non­ethe­less use­ful to pay close at­ten­tion to Demo­crat­ic poll­ster Stan­ley Green­berg's find­ings from a group of Ma­comb County, Michigan sup­port­ers of Pres­id­ent Trump, all in­de­pend­ents and Demo­crats. The fine print of these swing voters' re­ac­tions is as sig­ni­fic­ant as Green­berg's con­clu­sion that Demo­crats can win back some Trump voters by pivot­ing left­ward on eco­nom­ic is­sues.
The full re­port should be read by any Demo­crat in­ter­ested in for­ging a path back to power with Trump in of­fice. For all the anti-Trump sen­ti­ment cours­ing through the coun­try, many will find Green­berg's find­ings sober­ing. Yes, Demo­crats could win a small slice of Trump voters by ad­opt­ing a more eco­nom­ic­ally pop­u­list mes­sage geared to­wards the Mid­west­ern states. But the cul­tur­al dis­con­nect between Trump's voters and the op­pos­i­tion is so wide that it's hard to see Demo­crats mak­ing com­prom­ises with this siz­able, dis­af­fected con­stitu­ency.
Green­berg has ex­tens­ive ex­per­i­ence in Ma­comb County, where he con­duc­ted a series of sem­in­al stud­ies of Re­agan Demo­crats in the 1980s. Barack Obama com­fort­ably won the county twice—by a 4-point mar­gin in 2012—lead­ing Green­berg to con­clude that the county's leg­acy as a work­ing-class bell­weth­er was out­dated. But its leg­acy re­turned with a ven­geance last year, giv­ing Trump a whop­ping 12-point vic­tory, and provid­ing him his mar­gin of vic­tory in a tra­di­tion­ally Demo­crat­ic state.
Here are some of Green­berg's most con­sequen­tial find­ings:
Trump's base is ex­traordin­ar­ily loy­al. Not a single one of the 35 Trump voters sur­veyed said they had any re­grets about their vote for Trump, des­pite the swirl of con­tro­ver­sies con­sum­ing the White House. They agreed that Trump “gives them hope” when he speaks. “They ac­cept Trump's ver­sion of the news and facts, and their re­ac­tions to videos of his press con­fer­ences and in­ter­views re­in­forced that point,” Green­berg writes. Trump's au­then­ti­city—the idea that he is “blunt,” “out­spoken,” and “not afraid to speak out”—is a huge selling point to his base. They view Re­pub­lic­an con­gres­sion­al lead­ers as shifty and ca­ter­ing to the wealthy, but view Trump's motives as heart­felt.
This loy­alty has con­sequences for the GOP's le­gis­lat­ive agenda: The Wash­ing­ton Post fea­tured a front-page story this week about a Ten­ness­ee wo­man who be­lieved Trump, with some di­vine in­ter­fer­ence, helped her af­ford health in­sur­ance thanks to a gen­er­ous sub­sidy. The real­ity was that the sub­sidy was a part of Pres­id­ent Obama's ori­gin­al law, and would likely be rolled back as a res­ult of Re­pub­lic­an re­forms.
To take a page from James Carville, “It's the cul­ture, stu­pid.” Read between the lines of Green­berg's re­port, and it's clear he re­cog­nizes his pre­scrip­tion that Demo­crats emu­late Bernie Sanders on eco­nom­ic is­sues has lim­ited pull with most Trump sup­port­ers. He quotes ex­tens­ively from voters whose eco­nom­ic in­terests may align with Demo­crats, but who also ex­press a panoply of anxi­et­ies over a chan­ging Amer­ic­an cul­ture. Wor­ries about ter­ror­ism, con­cerns that im­mig­rants aren't in­teg­rat­ing in­to Amer­ic­an so­ci­ety, and com­plaints about worsen­ing race re­la­tions all dom­in­ate the fo­cus-group con­ver­sa­tions—in­clud­ing among people who backed Obama in the past.
Obama­care is still widely dis­liked, even among work­ing-class voters who stood to be­ne­fit. There's been a rising chor­us of Demo­crats who be­lieve that Pres­id­ent Obama's health care law is grow­ing in pop­ular­ity, in­clud­ing among work­ing-class Trump sup­port­ers. A Demo­crat­ic sur­vey (which I cited in my last column) showed a siz­able ma­jor­ity of Obama-Trump voters sup­port­ing Obama­care. But the re­ac­tions from these Trump-back­ing swing voters should pour some cold wa­ter on that be­lief.
Many par­ti­cipants in the fo­cus group shared some hor­ror story about their health in­sur­ance as a con­sequence of Obama's health care law, cit­ing con­crete ex­amples of how the law was a net neg­at­ive for them. “Nearly every per­son in our groups was strug­gling with how to af­ford their plans, co-pays, and med­ic­a­tions,” Green­berg wrote. He ad­ded that these voters don't have an al­tern­at­ive in mind, but they're con­vinced the law needs to be changed—and have enough faith in Trump that he's up to the task.
No one ex­pressed much re­ceptiv­ity to sup­port­ing Demo­crats. The fo­cus group was com­mis­sioned by the Roosevelt In­sti­tute, a pro­gress­ive think tank, so it’s not sur­pris­ing that Green­berg’s pre­scrip­tion jibed with their policy pref­er­ences. But what was sur­pris­ing was how little any­one men­tioned sup­port for spe­cif­ic Demo­crats even though their pre­ferred eco­nom­ic policies aren’t all that dif­fer­ent from what lib­er­als gen­er­ally ad­voc­ate.
Green­berg elided this con­tra­dic­tion by ar­guing that two-thirds of the fo­cus group found a gen­er­ic, pop­u­list Demo­crat­ic pro­file “more ap­peal­ing than a mod­er­ate one fo­cused on help­ing busi­nesses be more com­pet­it­ive glob­ally.” He then sug­ges­ted that pro­gress­ive icons like Bernie Sanders and Eliza­beth War­ren fit the pro­file. But there was little or­gan­ic en­thu­si­asm for Sanders, War­ren, or any oth­er na­tion­ally known pro­gress­ive fig­ures on the Left. And he fre­quently sprinkled ana­lys­is with op­tim­ist­ic pro­nounce­ments that Trump's luster would even­tu­ally wear off with these voters, even though their re­ac­tions sug­ges­ted oth­er­wise.
TRAIL MIX:
1. New Jer­sey Gov. Chris Christie is end­ing his ten­ure with rock-bot­tom ap­prov­al rat­ings, among the low­est of any elec­ted of­fi­cial in re­cent memory. A new Quin­nipi­ac poll shows the out­go­ing gov­ernor at 19 per­cent ap­prov­al, with 76 per­cent of New Jer­sey voters dis­ap­prov­ing of his job per­form­ance. A 48 per­cent plur­al­ity of Re­pub­lic­ans view him un­fa­vor­ably. For con­text, a Morn­ing Con­sult on­line sur­vey con­duc­ted last year found that even the least pop­u­lar gov­ernor in Amer­ica (Kan­sas's Sam Brown­back) hit an ap­prov­al rat­ing above the 20 per­cent mark.
If his­tory is any guide, Demo­crats should be a near-lock to win back the gov­ernor­ship this year. The same poll shows Lt. Gov. Kim Guadagno—the ex­pec­ted GOP stand­ard-bear­er—trail­ing Demo­crat­ic front run­ner Phil Murphy by 22 points, 47 to 25 per­cent. That's a re­mark­able early spread, par­tic­u­larly giv­en that Guadagno has a high­er pro­file as the second-in-com­mand in the state.
2. Re­pub­lic­ans are in­creas­ingly con­vinced that Flor­ida Gov. Rick Scott will jump in­to the state's Sen­ate race against Demo­crat­ic Sen. Bill Nel­son, which would make it one of the most com­pel­ling and ex­pens­ive con­tests next year. One tell­tale sign? Scott, even though he can't run for reelec­tion, is fea­tured prom­in­ently in a new ad from his polit­ic­al com­mit­tee to pro­mote eco­nom­ic-de­vel­op­ment le­gis­la­tion. It's an aw­fully ex­pens­ive—and timely—per­son­al pitch as he nears a de­cision about run­ning for the up­per cham­ber.
Bay Bridge and Carquinez Bridge toll plazas robbed in one day, CHP says
Now Playing:
Bandits driving a black Mercedes robbed two Bay Area bridge toll plazas Sunday, authorities said, releasing photos of the alleged criminals.
The first robbery, the CHP said, came at 4 a.m. and targeted toll takers at the Carquinez Bridge along I-80 between Vallejo and Crockett. The second alleged robbery was at 4 p.m. at the Bay Bridge. Both robberies, the CHP said, involved a black Mercedes S550 sedan with CarMax plates and "distinctive chrome accents." The two alleged robbers were said to have worn blue or purple latex gloves.
The California Highway Patrol released photos of alleged robbers who targeted the Bay Bridge and Carquinez Bridge toll plazas Sunday. The California Highway Patrol released photos of alleged robbers who targeted the Bay Bridge and Carquinez Bridge toll plazas Sunday. Photo: CHP – Golden Gate Division Photo: CHP – Golden Gate Division Image 1 of / 5 Caption Close Bay Bridge and Carquinez Bridge toll plazas robbed in one day, CHP says 1 / 5 Back to Gallery
ALSO: 'Impeach Donald Trump' billboard pops up on the San Francisco Bay Bridge
How much cash the alleged robbers got away with, along with other details of the robberies, was not released.
Even though the kayak is a self-propelled craft and can navigate the elements efficiently. We can still see there are times, especially when we find ourselves on an expedition in a remote place where navigation and meteorology may be the best resource we have.
It is therefore important for us to have a basic understanding of meteorology in order to be able to go into unpredictable situations and know how to avoid them.
The following guide will take you on crash course of kayaking meteorology and will hopefully give you the necessary tools to succeed.
There are three atmospheric variables that we usually see.
Temperature, Pressure. Humidity
Changes to these variables are what usually tells us what conditions are available for kayaking. Through practical terms, the temperature and pressure are readily available using a bracelet or a GPS but for our purposes we can determine the measurement of moisture from our predictions.
In general, a drop in barometric pressure *2-3 mbar in 3 hours will indicate that bad weather is coming. If the drop is very rapid and pronounced *5 or more millibars in 3 hours . That will mean that a weather phenomenon is fast approaching and the temperature will tell us whether the front is cold or warm, which will usually determine rainfall.
Similarly, a barometric rise indicates improvements in the weather. If the temperature is low. We will have polar winds. Whereas if it goes up. We will have hot and dry weather.
With respect to humidity. It is interesting to know the dew point since when the temperature falls below this the humidity of the environment begins to condense or mist or fog.
Pressure Temperature Prognosis Dropping Dropping Abundance of rain Dropping Stable Probable rain Dropping Rising Weather may vary Stable Dropping Probable rain Stable Stable Weather may vary Stable Rising Good temperature Rising Dropping Polar winds Rising Stable Good temperature Rising Rising Hot and dry temperature
If you're in the market to buy something to do this we recommend the following two products for measurements (if you don't need a GPS included).
Kestrel 4500 Weather & Environmental Meter
Kestrel 2500 Pocket Weather Meter
Clouds
Are another indicator of the state of the current weather and weather to come. Cirrus, stratus and cumulonimbus clouds are classified by their shape and can be combined between them at different heights to form zero Cumulus alto, stratus cumulus clouds.
Each cloud type and succession of clouds indicate with some precision what type of weather lies ahead. It is very useful to learn to recognize them and make your own projections and observations.
We can red flag for bad weather when the cirrus uncinus cloud is approaching that bad weather will be present within 48 hours, Nimbostarus and cumulonimbus may lead to thunderstorms. The prefix and suffix Nimbus refers to a cloud that produces precipitation also a large solar or lunar Halo reflection of crystal or ice indicates that snow or rain may be ahead.
The combination of different signals is what can give you greater certainty in predicting the weather to come. It is usually not enough to identify a single indicator to make good predictions. You must use varied knowledge and various signals to determine what weather lies in store.
Wind
The sun comes out everywhere, but it does not heat all the parts of the world in the same way. Either by the inclination of the earth's access, causing different weather or because the different surfaces absorb heat differently. The result is that the atmosphere is in constant motion. The air is heated and rises, leaving an empty space that has to be occupied and air masses begin to circulate generating and transporting moisture. These are the dynamics essential for life on earth and for sailing sports.
For us kayaker's it is an inevitable obstacle on our trips and we should put as much attention to it as possible.
These pressure differences in the atmosphere produce a displacement of high air pressure towards low pressure that coupled with other factors such as gravity, Coriolis forces, centrifugal force and friction end up generating changes that will determine our trip through water. The wind is determined by the intensity or the force that blows and the direction from which it comes.
We normally find it shown in knots * 1knot = 1 mile marina/h = 1.85km /h and the direction is based on the direction of the rise of the winds *N, NE, E, S, SW, W, NW.
Beaufort Scale
To simplify things, Sir Francis Beaufort, an English sailor developed an empirical scale based on the effects of the wind on sails which was later assimilated to the effect of it on the sea and associated with the intensity of the wind measured by a anemometer. And so was born the Beaufort scale and below we see it associated with Douglas scale for effect on the sea.
In short,
0-3, go ahead and row happy,
3 to 4. The fun starts,
5. The experienced have fun,
6 you should be experienced to try this.
As we have been able to see, the waves are produced by the wind. How much time and strength the wind blows on the waves without obstacles over develops the wave. In a Lake, the waves will be larger on the shore where the wind blows. In the sea its complicated, as there may be a sea of wind (caused by wind waves) and a sea of background (waves that travel from distant storms), and not necessarily in the same direction.
Given that kayaks usually sail close to the ground, we must also take into consideration the effect of geography on the wind, in order to find the most protected shores or avoid wind corridors.
Another aspect to consider is that the wind on the shore is always less than offshore, since terrestrial obstacles affect the wind both Windward (wind up) and Leeward(down wind) and depending on the height of the obstacle.
In the inland lakes winds may differ from sea winds. There are phenomena of local winds, which are caused by thermal differences rather than by isobaric gradients. The most common is the virazon or sea breeze blowing from the sea inland (wind W) once the Sun begins to warm and blowing during the night towards the coast (wind E).
They are also common in mountainous areas. The winds coming down the slopes of the mountains, producing turbulence and reaching dangerous levels in the areas of glaciers where they are known as williwaws and can reach 120 knots.
Wind is the main atmospheric element that affects us.
10 knots, will not have any effect on our ride,
while higher then 20 already causes issues for tipping kayaks.
and the 30s virtually prevents the advance of a kayak.
Take this information with special consideration for going(or not) to go rowing.
The climate on the pacific as an example is determined mainly by two major geographic features: the Pacific Ocean and any mountainous areas. Because mountains are so narrow, some countries on the pacific essentially have a marine climate, but the different geographic and oceanographic characteristics make them different throughout the area. We have a wide variety of climatic zones, with rainfall ranging from 0.0 mm in the desert and 8,000 mm in more southern areas of the Americas.
Interactions are clearly evident when examining the synoptic chart: Remember that low pressure centers suck air masses producing a movement (wind) that rotates clockwise toward the Center, while the center with high-pressure expels air that rotates counterclockwise, away from the Center.
Synoptic Chart Reading
The Synoptic chart shows high pressure centers (marked with an H) and low pressure centers (marked with a L or l). Filler lines represent places that have the same atmospheric pressure, so the closer these lines, the greater the winds, moving circularly from or toward the Center and usually at an angle of 25 ° – 35 ° of the Isobar. Low pressure centers bring fronts of bad weather that normally move w to E.
Now, if we prefer to leave this in the hands of professionals, we can be guided to the interpretation of its lines.
Navy Notices
The Meteorological Department of the Navy, issues a notice every 12 hours or a weather prognosis. This can be obtained from the navy website, via phone by calling any port authority, or via band radio marina, with any radio station. It is important (and mandatory) on long expeditions to have a band radio and a list of the stations and bases along your route.
What you get as an example could be as follows.
REPORT WEATHER MARITIME TO LA JOLLA SAN DIEGO.
VALID FROM 070800 UNTIL 072000 LOCAL TIME.
SITUATION SINOPTIC:
UNSTABLE TO MARGIN ANTICYCLONIC.
FORECAST:
PARTIAL TO CLEARED, VIS 10 KMS, VTO S/SW 10/20 NDS, SEA LEVEL ACURLY AT BAY WITH BEACHCOMBER IN COASTLINE OPEN TO THESOUTHWEST, COARSE TO VERY COARSE (3.5/5.0 METERS) AS THE SOUTHWEST IN AREA OCEAN SWELL.
PROBABLE MAXIMUM TEMPERATURE: 14° C
UV INDEX: 1-2 UNDER (DMC SUPPLY).
APPRECIATION VALID FROM 072000 UNTIL 080800 LOCAL TIME.
MARGIN ANTICYCLONIC, VTO S/SW 6/12 NDS.
The Data first explains to us which area the report pertains to. In this case La Jolla San Diego. It may also be given in areas that we need to identify on the map, since they make references to ports, lighthouses and Islands. Then it indicates the validity of the forecast period, indicating the date and the local time (070800 = 7th, 08:00 hours); and then the general synoptic situation in the area, that is, the presence of frontal systems and pressure centers.
Then it reports the outcome where we can identify:
PARTIAL TO CLEARED. Cloudiness measured in eighths. Clear is up to 1/8 of the sky with clouds, partial is 2/8 to 4/8, cloudy is from 5/8 to 7/8 and covered is the whole sky with clouds.
VIS 10 KMS, VTO S/SW 10/20 NDS ROLANDO SECTOR South NW/N 8/16NDS, visibility 10 kilometers and 10 to 20 knots of the S/SW.
SEA LEVEL A CURLY AT BAY WITH BEACHCOMBER IN COASTLINE OPEN TO THE SOUTHWEST, COARSE TO VERY COARSE (3.5/5.0 M) AS THE SOUTHWEST IN AREA OCEAN SWELL. State of the sea
If you are looking to apply this information on t op of the temperature recommendations we recommend you take a look at purchasing a GPS. A possible recommendation is the Garmin 72H Waterproof Handheld GPS with High-Sensitivity.
The crew of the TV show "Real TV" with controlling boss Gunnar on the front line will soon begin production of a reality show for which participants are selected to survive in the wilderness. Gunnar has gathered a production team of four people: The friends Lasse and Per , the Swedish girl Elin and the new girl Sara. To test his new employees, Gunnar takes them to a log cabin where he used to spend summers as a kid. The cabin is located far away from civilisation, hidden in the dark, mysterious woods. The team has to make it through a weekend, finding food that nature has to offer, and neither cellular phones nor cigarettes are allowed. When Lasse and Per find a dead body in a lake near the cottage, the group is being tested. Gunnar is suggesting that they should continue the weekend without mentioning anything to Sara and Elin about what they found. But soon the team experiences some escalating incidents which lead to paranoia, accusations and mistrust. Written by Anonymous
When the 10 member nations of ASEAN failed to reach agreement on the wording of a joint communiqué for the first time in 45 years, most pundits blamed this year's ASEAN chair, Cambodia, for failing to forge a consensus. Behind Phnom Penh's passivity, however, was pressure from Beijing to keep any mention of the South China Sea, especially the recent faceoff between China and the Philippines in the Scarborough Shoal, out of the final statement. That the Chinese had sway over Cambodia should not come as a surprise. Beijing has provided billions in aid to Cambodia. In 2011 alone the amount of foreign investment pledged to Phnom Penh by China was 10 times greater than that promised by the United States.
For more than a decade, China has pursued a strategy in Southeast Asia that relied heavily on economic carrots to increase the stake of the Southeast Asian countries in maintaining good relations with China. The China-ASEAN FTA, Chinese foreign direct investment, foreign assistance, and trade have all been used to encourage countries to consider Beijing's interests when formulating policies and eschew actions that China would view as objectionable. In the past few years, however, China has directly used economic relations to compel target countries to alter their policies. And this growing trend is worrisome.
The most recent target of the employment of economic measures by China for coercive purposes was the Philippines, which on April 10 sent a navy frigate to investigate the sighting of Chinese fishing boats in the lagoon of Scarborough Shoal, well within the Philippines' 200-nautical mile Exclusive Economic Zone. After an armed boarding party discovered giant clams, coral, and live sharks aboard the boats, an attempt to arrest the fisherman was thwarted by two civilian China Maritime Surveillance vessels that arrived on the scene. The Philippines withdrew the frigate and replaced it with a Coast Guard Cutter. China dispatched an armed Fishery Law Enforcement Command ship to reinforce its sovereignty claim. The standoff continued for over a month.
Incensed by Manila's unwillingness to withdraw from the Shoal, China resorted to economic measures to punish the Philippines for encroaching on Chinese sovereignty. Chinese quarantine authorities reportedly blocked hundreds of container vans of Philippine bananas from entering Chinese ports, claiming that the fruit contained pests. The Chinese decision to quarantine the bananas dealt a major blow to the Philippines which exports more than 30 percent of its bananas to China. Subsequently, China began slowing inspections of papayas, mangoes, coconuts, and pineapples from the Philippines. In addition, Chinese mainland travel agencies stopped sending tour groups to the Philippines, allegedly due to concerns for tourists' safety. In January, China had surpassed Japan to become the third-largest source of tourists for the Philippines. Filipino business leaders pressured the government to abandon its confrontational approach in the Scarborough Shoal, which was precisely the outcome that China hoped for. In early June, Beijing and Manila reached an agreement to simultaneously pull out all vessels in the lagoon. The Philippines abided by that agreement, and then withdrew all its vessels from the Shoal due to bad weather later that month. According to Manila, Chinese fishing vessels remain in the lagoon in violation of the agreement. Reports suggest Chinese ships were recently blocking the entrance of the lagoon, preventing any Philippine ships and fishing vessels from re-entering the area.
A more widely reported case of China using trade as a weapon to force a country to alter its policy occurred in September 2010 when Beijing blocked shipments of rare earth minerals to Japan. The action was taken in retaliation for Japan's detention of the captain of a Chinese fishing trawler in an incident near the Senkaku Islands, which are under Japanese control but are also claimed by China and Taiwan. China's customs agency notified companies that they were not permitted to ship to Japan any rare earth oxides, rare earth salts, or pure rare earth metals, although these shipments were still allowed to Hong Kong, Singapore, and other countries. The Chinese subsequently slowed rare earth shipments to the United States and countries in Europe as well, insisting they were attempting to clean up the rare earth mining industry, which has caused severe pollution in some places where the minerals are mined. Beijing's action alarmed Tokyo and was a major factor in the decision of the Japanese government to release the captain. The embargo was viewed by many experts as evidence of Chinese willingness to use economic leverage to have its way in an international dispute.
China doesn't just target Asian nations. A third example of China's use of economic coercion was triggered by the award of the 2010 Nobel Peace Prize to Chinese dissident Liu Xiaobo by the Norwegian Nobel Committee. After the announcement was made in October 2010, the Chinese foreign ministry warned that the decision would harm relations between Beijing and Oslo, despite the fact that the Nobel Committee is independent from the Norwegian government. China also warned foreign diplomats that sending representatives to the Nobel Peace Prize award ceremonies would have adverse consequences. Eighteen countries, mostly nations with poor human rights records of their own, opted to not attend.
In the ensuing months, China froze FTA negotiations with Norway and imposed new veterinary inspections on imports of Norwegian salmon that resulted in a severe cutback. The volume of salmon imports from Norway shrunk 60 percent in 2011, even as the Chinese salmon market grew by 30 percent.
China has become a critically needed engine of growth for the global economy. In addition, China's economic largesse has provided benefits to many countries around the world. It is increasingly clear, however, that economic cooperation with China has inherent risks. Countries should be mindful of Beijing's increasing propensity to use economic means to compel target nations to alter their policies in line with Chinese interests. Excessive dependence on China may increase countries' vulnerability to such pressure.
In the Asia-Pacific region and beyond, nations are closely observing Chinese behavior as it remerges as a great power. Most remain hopeful that as China rises it will adhere to international and regional norms and strengthen the prevailing international system from which it has benefited in recent decades. If such a positive scenario is to be realized, however, countries will have to push back against China's growing willingness to employ economic leverage to coerce countries to modify their policies in accordance with Beijing's wishes.
Bonnie S. Glaser is a senior fellow with the CSIS Freeman Chair in China Studies and a senior associate at Pacific Forum CSIS. This article was originally published by Pacific Forum CSIS PacNet here, and represents the views of the respective author.
2. Stretchable and thinner fabrics are much safer.
There are a lot of factors to consider when choosing the clothes of your ball jointed dolls. First and foremost is who are going to play with them. If it is a child, then you are going to want something that can be easily washed and serviceable, and if it is just for some collections, anything fits fine as long as it would not be the reason that your BJDs would not easily get stained and destroyed. So, another thing to consider is the smaller the doll, the lighter or thinner the cloth should also be. This means that do not use the same fabric of your pants or jeans than is much thicker on your dolls.
Another factor and is also very important to consider before putting or changing the clothes of your BJD is the stretchiness of the cloth. The stretchier the fabric is, the better. Aside from how easy it could be put on through your doll without removing the head or other body parts, clothes that are stretchable can be use on a different doll and would still return to its original size after worn. Most fabrics that are stretchable are also lighter than the usual clothes.
Syria: US coalition admits killing 18 allied Kurdish fighters BelfastTelegraph.co.uk A US-led coalition air strike has killed 18 of its allied Syrian Democratic Forces (SDF) troops fighting against Isis in Syria, the US military has confirmed. https://www.belfasttelegraph.co.uk/news/world-news/syria-us-coalition-admits-killing-18-allied-kurdish-fighters-35620611.html https://www.belfasttelegraph.co.uk/incoming/article34949287.ece/11d22/AUTOCROP/h342/Syria-001.jpg
Email
A US-led coalition air strike has killed 18 of its allied Syrian Democratic Forces (SDF) troops fighting against Isis in Syria, the US military has confirmed.
Coalition aircraft were given the wrong coordinates in a "misdirected" strike on April 11, US Central Command said on Thursday, resulting in a strike on an SDF position and the deaths of 18 partnered fighters in the north of the country.
The inaccurate coordinates reportedly came from the SDF itself.
The predominately Kurdish alliance of several fighting groups has managed to surround the Isis stronghold of Tabqa with both air and ground support from the US-led coalition.
It is not yet clear which air force of the several nations which lend air power to defeating Isis was behind the strike.
"The Coalition's deepest condolences go out to the members of the SDF and their families. The Coalition is in close contact with our SDF partners who have expressed a strong desire to remain focused on the fight against ISIS despite this tragic incident," a statement from Central Command said.
"The Coalition is assessing the cause of the incident and will implement appropriate safeguards to prevent similar incidents in the future."
The incident is the latest in several recent US-led strikes against Isis and al-Qaeda in Syria and Iraq which have accidentally hit allied or civilian targets.
In the Iraqi city of Mosul last month, a US strike killed up to 200 civilians in a single bombing.
BREAKING: Coalition says its own aircraft accidentally killed 18 SDF allies near Tabqah on April 11th [4th admitted 'friendly fire' event] pic.twitter.com/jxoELTEnhK — Airwars (@airwars) April 13, 2017
Independent News Service
Get the biggest Liverpool FC stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Liverpool is hopeful the injury sustained by Divock Origi at Bournemouth is not serious.
The Belgian striker was a late substitute as the Reds won 2-1 at the Vitality Stadium, but appeared to finish the game in some discomfort.
Manager Jurgen Klopp said afterwards that the 20-year-old had some pain in his back, and Origi's fitness will be assessed ahead of Wednesday night's Merseyside derby at Anfield.
“He got a knock to his back, I think,” Klopp said. “He was able to carry on, but I asked him after the game and he told me he had a knock to his back. Hopefully it's not serious.”
Kolo Toure will also be assessed after he was forced off in the second half with an apparent hamstring issue.
“Kolo's problem is a little bit more,” Klopp admitted. “It's the muscle – I'm not sure if it's cramp or something more, but in the last few months Kolo has not had any problems with his muscles, so hopefully it's not too serious either.”
Liverpool, of course, are already without key midfield duo Jordan Henderson and Emre Can, both of whom could miss the rest of the season with knee and ankle issues respectively.
Bilingual dictionaries are an essential part of every language learner's toolbox, but they can be both a blessing and a curse. Aside from the fact that it's far too easy to look up a word rather than making the effort to remember what you learned, even the act of looking something up can be fraught with difficulty, because students aren't always taught the right way to use bilingual dictionaries. It's not difficult, but it does require more effort than finding the right page and accepting the first word in the list.
One Word ≠ One Translation
Languages are not one-to-one matchups. The vast majority of English words have more than one French equivalent, and many have several. And vice versa. For example, take the French word pile. When you look it up,* you're presented with a page full of information:
How do you know which of these translations is the one you need? Pay attention to two things:
1. Context - how is the word being used? The word pile means different things in these sentences:
Il y a une pile de livres.
J'ai marché sur une pile.
J'ai acheté une pile.
2. Notes - look past the translations to all the clues provided:
(= tas) indicates a synonym
[de pont] clarifies the nature of the object
(Informatique) and (Électricité, Électronique) refer to the domain
So you should be able to figure out from this that the translations of the above sentences are
There's a pile of books.
I walked on a pier.
I bought a battery.
Transitive vs Intransitive Verbs
A further complication is sometimes a given verb can be transitive or intransitive in one language, but its equivalent in the other is two distinct verbs. So, again, you need to consider context in order to choose the right translation for "I grow flowers" vs "Flowers grow quickly."
So the French translations are Je cultive des fleurs and Les fleurs poussent vite.
Multiple Parts of Speech
Many English words belong to two different parts of speech, whereas their French translations are a different word for each. Be sure to choose the translation that corresponds with the part of speech you're actually using. (This is one of the reasons it's so important to understand some essential French grammar terms. If you don't know the difference between a noun and a verb, how can you choose the right translation?)
Problematic Prepositions
Prepositions are especially tricky when it comes to dictionaries, because they're a matter of grammar much more than vocabulary. You might think finding the translation for, say, à would be straightforward, but that is not the case.
Je suis à Paris - I'm in Paris
Paris Je vais à Londres - I'm going to London
London Il est à la banque - He's at the bank
the bank prendre de l'eau à la rivière - get some water from the river
the river une robe à manches - a dress with sleeves
So for prepositions in particular, a bilingual dictionary just isn't enough - you need to look beyond vocabulary to grammar, especially when a verb precedes the preposition.
Fixed Expressions
There's also the matter of fixed expressions, where certain words always go together, regardless of whether there's a perfectly good synonym that you might like to use instead.
For example, in English, we can "push" a button or a wheelbarrow, but in French, on appuie sur un bouton and on pousse une brouette. A good dictionary will have a list of nouns for each verb, but it's impossible to be comprehensive, so further research might be needed. Here's part of the "push" entry:
The Bottom Line
Bilingual dictionaries are essential, but they're not infallible. Read through the entry, look at the examples, and consider how similar each one is to what you're trying to say. If they're inconclusive, look at another dictionary, or try searching for your phrase.
And keep working on improving your French grammar, as that will help you use the dictionary even more effectively!
*Screenshots courtesy of Le Grand Robert & Collins online dictionary (subscription). For a great, free French dictionary, try WordReference.
Constantijn Mennes / Naturalis An atlas moth shows off its colors during the Sabah Parks / Naturalis expedition to Borneo.
A Dutch-Malaysian expedition to the remote "Heart of Borneo" have turned up more than 160 species previously unknown to science — and perhaps more importantly, enough DNA samples to figure out how more than 1,400 species in one of the world's hottest hot spots for biodiversity are related.
"It has been a successful expedition," the project's leader, Menno Schilthuizen of the Naturalis Biodiversity Center, said in a news release from the center, based in the Dutch city of Leiden. Forty researchers from Naturalis and from Sabah Parks, a Malaysian conservation group, journeyed to Borneo's Mount Kinabalu last month to survey the area.
Scientists collected 3,500 DNA samples during the two-week expedition. Back in the lab, Naturalis' biologists will analyze the genetic code to generate family trees for all the collected plants, fungi and animals. A close look at the relationships among the novel species found on Kinabalu, compared with the wider spectrum of species throughout Borneo, could tell researchers whether Kinabalu's species evolved long ago or only recently.
"It's the first time that such an extensive expedition will go to Borneo with evolution as their main focus," Schilthuizen said. "We are following in the footsteps of Alfred Russel Wallace, who formulated a first version of the theory of evolution on Borneo."
Naturalis said spiders and fungi accounted for the largest numbers of new species found on Kinabalu. Other new species included true bugs, beetles, snails, stalk-eyed flies, damselflies, ferns, termites and possibly a frog.
The expedition came across an "El Dorado" for fungi, said József Geml, one of the researchers. "While the plant and animal life of this mountain has been the focus of numerous research projects, Kinabalu has remained terra incognita for scientific studies on fungi," Geml said. "It is difficult not to feel overwhelmed by this task. One of the manifestations of this diversity comes in the endless variety of shapes and colors that sometimes are truly breathtaking."
The researchers expect that the DNA studies will result in a scientific publication about evolution in the Heart of Borneo within a year. In the meantime, feast your eyes on these snapshots from the hot spot:
Joris van Alphen / Naturalis The expedition to Borneo came across a long-nosed horned frog and other striking species.
Peter Koomen / Naturalis Researchers came face to face with a jumping spider.
Joris van Alphen / Naturalis Dutch botanist Frederic Lens collects samples during the expedition to Mount Kinabalu.
Luis Morgado / Naturalis A striking mushroom known as Entoloma aff. purpurea was found at an altitude of 6,500 feet (2,000 meters).
Luis Morgado / Naturalis Red mushrooms add a dash of extra color to the forest greenery in the "Heart of Borneo."
More about species:
Alan Boyle is NBCNews.com's science editor. Connect with the Cosmic Log community by "liking" the log's Facebook page, following @b0yle on Twitter and adding the Cosmic Log page to your Google+ presence. To keep up with Cosmic Log as well as NBCNews.com's other stories about science and space, sign up for the Tech & Science newsletter, delivered to your email in-box every weekday. You can also check out "The Case for Pluto," my book about the controversial dwarf planet and the search for new worlds.
The head of the African Union is petitioning NATO nations to send forces to Mali to expel al-Qaeda-linked fighters, warning that convoys of Islamist extremists advancing on government-held towns represent a looming threat to the world.
Beninian President Thomas Boni Yayi, the chair of the African Union, injected new urgency into the Malian crisis while on a visit to Ottawa, by asserting that the threat exceeds the scope of a planned African force – and he presented a challenge to war-weary Western nations to join another dusty overseas war to dislodge jihadists.
It's a call that Prime Minister Stephen Harper rebuffed at a press conference with the African leader, insisting that his government "is not considering a direct Canadian military mission."
Story continues below advertisement
While that left open some wiggle room for a limited contribution later, it ruled out so-called "boots on the ground," and Mr. Boni Yayi made clear that he is looking for more direct help from Western nations, including Canada.
The United Nations Security Council approved an international intervention in December.
The West African bloc ECOWAS is preparing a 3,300 strong force to bolster Mali's depleted army. The European Union is mustering 400 military trainers, but Mr. Boni Yayi said NATO should step in.
"When we speak of international forces, there is not just ECOWAS, not just the African Union, there are also other forces outside Africa to take into account the seriousness of the situation, and the required means," he said at a press conference with Mr. Harper. "In reality, NATO should join with our African forces – and I think our African forces will lead the way – as has been done in Afghanistan and in other places."
Mr. Harper is not the only NATO leader who will be reluctant. The United States and several other NATO countries are trying to wind down combat in Afghanistan next year. Though NATO took on a second foreign intervention in Libya in 2011, the prospect of a new counter-insurgency war in the vast, sparse desert and Sahel spaces of northern Mali to fight a mixed force of foreign extremists and local rebels is one they will approach with caution.
Until now, plans for direct military intervention focused on African troops. But Western nations are already concerned the small planned force of 3,300 will not be enough to bolster depleted Malian forces, which may field as few as 6,000 troops. Malian troops overthrew president Amadou Touré in March, sowing disarray – and al-Qaeda in the Islamic Maghreb, allied with local rebels, took control of northern Mali in April.
Now, advancing convoys of Islamist fighters moving toward government-controlled towns in central Mali have sparked new fears.
Story continues below advertisement
Story continues below advertisement
The rebels were reported Tuesday to have advanced toward Malian army positions near the towns of Mopti and Sévaré in central Mali, but it was unclear whether it was a serious offensive or merely a bluff. Government forces said Tuesday they had repelled an attack by rebels advancing south toward Mopti.
That has raised concerns Islamist extremists will advance toward Mali's capital, Bamako, and destablize neighbouring countries. Mr. Boni Yayi said the crisis has now "exceeded" Africa's frame and has become a global problem. "Each day has a cost for the international community," he said.
Mr. Harper said "the development of essentially an entire terrorist region in the middle of Africa is of grave concern," but he said his government does not intend to send troops.
"The government of Canada is not considering a direct Canadian military mission," he said. "What we are doing, and will continue to do, obviously we're providing humanitarian assistance to this region, which is important. And we are consulting with and working with, and will continue, diplomatically, with our allies in the West and obviously with our friends in Africa, on ways that we can be of assistance."
Mr. Harper's rebuff, however, left open some wiggle room for Ottawa to offer some form of assistance, even if it rules out "boots on the ground" in Mali. Foreign governments have held informal discussions with Canadian officials about providing a small number of military trainers to assist the mission, and Western diplomats said Tuesday they still believe Canada will eventually deploy a small number – probably less than a dozen.
Some Western trainers are expected to help prepare forces from West African nations, possibly at a base outside Mali. Canadian officials, however, would not comment on what less "direct" military assistance Mr. Harper might consider.
Story continues below advertisement
Robert Fowler, the former Canadian ambassador to the United Nations who was kidnapped by al-Qaeda radicals and held in northern Mali in late 2008 and early 2009, said he hopes Mr. Harper has not shut down all prospect of military assistance. African forces will need Western military capabilities, he said.
"I think allowing al-Qaeda to effectively have a homeland, to have an absolutely secure base from which they can plan and train and prepare and import foreign fighters, is not a good idea," he said.
In the recent issue of the Ensign, the Church published additional information about the new Relief Society and Priesthood curriculum for next year.
For years, we have studied the Teachings of Presidents of the Church series. In 2018, we will begin using general conference messages to focus our study on the teachings of living prophets, apostles, and other Church leaders.
A New Sunday Experience
In January 2018, Sunday meetings for Melchizedek Priesthood quorums and Relief Societies will change. These changes involve the materials we use—the Teachings of Presidents of the Church series will be replaced with a greater emphasis on learning from general conference messages, counseling together, and studying special topics selected by our general leaders.
But the most meaningful change has to do with how we use these materials to accomplish the true purposes of our Sunday meetings.
The Purposes of Our Meetings
God has organized His covenant sons and daughters into priesthood quorums and Relief Societies to help accomplish His work. Something powerful happens when we gather under the direction of those holding priesthood keys. So while gospel instruction is important, Sunday priesthood and Relief Society meetings are more than classes. They are also working meetings where we learn together from general conference messages, counsel about the work of salvation, and organize to accomplish the work. The changes coming in 2018 will help us fulfill these purposes.
Questions and Answers
Is this change a new curriculum—or something more? The new materials may look like a curriculum, but they are also a catalyst for Melchizedek Priesthood quorums and Relief Societies to increase their participation in God's work and in meeting local needs. This change provides a forum for identifying, counseling about, and meeting those needs.
What will we focus on during Sunday meetings? Starting in November 2017, general conference issues of the Ensign will include materials to be used in Melchizedek Priesthood and Relief Society Sunday meetings. Two monthly meetings will focus on conference messages, and leaders and teachers will be given ideas for helping members discuss and apply those messages. First Sundays will be spent in counseling together to meet local needs and fourth Sundays in studying a topic selected by our general leaders. See the monthly meeting schedule on the other side of this page.
Images from lds.org
The Justice Department has reached a settlement with the City of Albuquerque over excessive use of force by the Police Department.
Under an agreement announced Friday, an independent monitor will be installed to oversee reforms at the department for at least two years, and the department will adopt new policies aiming to ease conflict with citizens.
The Justice Department in April found a pattern of excessive force in the Albuquerque Police Department, after a string of shootings in which 23 people were killed and 14 others wounded over four years, an usually high number for a city of about 550,000 people.
Under the agreement, the Police Department will undertake a host of sweeping changes, many of them designed to reduce the use of force. Officers will be trained to handle people who are mentally unstable; the way that the department investigates shootings involving officers will be changed; and officers will be required to wear body cameras to record many interactions with the public.
They're the bizarre undies that promise a perfect derriere... Would you dare to wear a BUM bra?
Curvy is the new thin. Even Victoria Beckham has put on half a stone in her mission to get a bigger bottom, after David expressed his desire for big-bottomed girls. How far are you prepared to go to get the look?
If, like me, you're only a packet of Jammie Dodgers away from a fat day, then you won't be lacking in padding - but you might be searching for something that can keep your curves firmly in shape.
Well, good news: you can now buy a pair of pants that promise to lift your bottom into pert gloriousness without actually making it bigger.
Perky promise: The Double-O Thong claims to lift your bottom without actually making it bigger
If that isn't enough, these miracle knickers can even flatten your stomach at the same time. Suddenly, you've got the kind of shape that won Marilyn Monroe legendary status and a room full of A-list lovers.
However, when I clap eyes on the Double-O Thong, I recoil in horror. It looks like a piece of fetish gear gone badly, badly wrong.
First, they are flesh coloured, which makes my bottom look like pieces of beige plastic welded together to make a giant, malfunctioning Barbie.
Secondly, the pants are the shape of cycling shorts, with two large holes cut out over each buttock. That's the thong part and I'm guessing the 'Double-O' doesn't have anything to do with James Bond - it refers to my large derriere. Aye carumba.
Thongs and cycling shorts are unflattering enough in themselves, but together they are nothing short of terrifying.
Seriously, these undies may as well come with an incontinence pad for the level of desire they inspire. I've seen sexier surgical stockings.
I wouldn't be surprised if these new-age knickers double as contraception, because surely no one would ever feel like having sex while wearing these.
Merely looking at them gives me goosebumps - and not in a good way.
When it comes to my usual attire, I put one foot in followed by the other and away I go. With the bottom bra there is plenty of room for confusion. There are five holes: one for my torso, two for the legs and two for the buttocks.
Curvy: Jennifer Lopez's bottom is the envy of women everywhere
Finding the right place to put your feet is a real challenge that leaves me feeling like a contestant on The Krypton Factor.
Reluctantly, I wriggle into the control pants. I've hated my bottom for the past decade, and now it hates me, too.
Each cheek squeezes out of its cut-out hole and sits proud, propped up by the special 'butt booster bands' - basically, tight elastic straps at the top of each thigh that act as scaffolding for your buttocks. I feel pretty humiliated.
As I turn this way and that in the mirror, I can't get used to how freaky my rear looks. Honestly, even granny pants are more flattering.
'It's not quite two delicious halves of a peach, but it's not two saggy Space Hoppers squashed into a cupboard like before
But the knickers are weirdly comfortable: soft against my skin yet, thanks to the high-compression latex inside, the high waist is strong enough to rein in even the most determined doughnut-gut. They also feel securely wedged in place.
I need clothes. Urgently. Choosing what to wear with the new pants is tricky: the lace-trimmed knees would show below a miniskirt hem and I wouldn't want these horrors coming over the top of my jeans waistband to say hello.
The answer is a pencil skirt: the only fashion item that will sheath the pants and work with my newfound Jessica Rabbit wiggle. Ta da!
I had worried that lifting up the cellulite-heavy zone of my bottom would put my dimples right in everyone's eyeline, but my fears on this score are unfounded.
When I turn backwards to catch my rear view in the mirror, to my amazement it looks like my bottom is higher, rounder and smoother. VPL isn't really an issue either, because the design is virtually seamless underclothing.
Even if you were apprehended by a member of the fashion police wielding a magnifying glass, the lines under my skirt are so bizarre that no one would suspect they were from my underwear.
Mission: Victoria Beckham has put on half a stone to get a bigger behind
I've always preferred to sit on my bottom and pretend it's not there. But once acclimatised, I have to admit that the engineering of these knickers is impressive.
It's suddenly as though I've spent the past six months in the gym performing squats.
It's not quite two delicious halves of a peach, but it's not two saggy Space Hoppers squashed into a cupboard like it looked before, either.
OK, it's just me who's grabbing it, but I'd say it's grab-able. Hello, pertness.
For the first time in my life, I'm actually yearning for a bigger bottom. I reckon the more flesh you've got, the more fabulous the effect.
The Double-O Thong is like a passport to a second slice of cake. And maybe a double-chocolate fudge brownie, too, just to wash it down.
'OK, there's something different about you. What is it?' asks my friend Zoe curiously when I meet her in our favourite bar.
'Is that a new skirt?' I smile happily and widen my eyes like an innocent person who would never commit buttock fraud.
I like it that the effect is dramatic enough for people to notice, yet subtle enough that no one would guess what you're wearing.
However, I imagine the temptation to lift up your skirt and show your weird pants off to everyone might get stronger with a third glass of wine.
I don't know. I'm not brave enough to test it. Heck, I'm not even prepared to show my boyfriend what I look like in these. We're happy together. Why spoil it?
I've heard men complain about falling for Wonderbra-wearing women, only to discover their breasts are nearer their belly button than their armpits.
I bet the male of the species might become quite hypnotised by the effect of these knickers, but be horrified by the actual garments themselves.
Remember that scene in Bridget Jones's Diary where the lusty Daniel Cleaver slides his hands up Bridget's skirt for the first time only to discover her suck-in pants?
Actually, Hugh Grant, if you're reading this and you want to rehearse, I'm ready and waiting.
Dakota Pipeline Protesters, Nearby Residents Brace For 2017
Enlarge this image toggle caption Amy Sisk/Inside Energy Amy Sisk/Inside Energy
Even though most of the protesters fighting the Dakota Access Pipeline in North Dakota have left, hundreds still remain here atop what is essentially a sheet of ice.
One group of campers say there's a change taking hold at camp, which was once overrun by thousands who felt a sense of excitement about the gathering.
Byron Shorty, who lives on the Navajo reservation in Arizona, says now that the Army Corps of Engineers is temporarily halting pipeline construction, the protest camp is calm.
"I want to be here to reflect, and I want to be here to help clean up our abandoned campsites that I still see," he says. "And we're in the process of cleaning those up and repurposing the things that people left behind."
Others, like Jacob Chamberlain, who came here from Scotland, are doing daily chores like chopping firewood.
"It's not about taking selfies and saying that you were out here anymore. At this point, it's about being hearty, surviving in the cold," Chamberlain says.
Earlier this month, the Army Corps said it would conduct a lengthy environmental review of this project, even as a fossil fuel-friendly administration is coming to Washington. Standing Rock council member Chad Harrison attended a recent meeting between tribes and the Trump transition team and was pleased that could even happen.
"My hope is that that's an indicator of how serious he'll be when it comes to Native American issues," he says.
But Doug Burgum, North Dakota's new governor, is urging President-elect Donald Trump to approve the project. He's doing that even as he recently met with Standing Rock leaders in an effort to rebuild frayed relationships.
toggle caption Amy Sisk/Inside Energy
A community divided
Demonstrations have caused gridlock, disrupted businesses and severely stretched police resources.
"It really kind of makes me sad when I see the picture that is being painted across the nation, this narrative that it's this bad cop thing happening. And that's not here in North Dakota. Not at all." says Shelle Aberle of Bismarck, N.D., who runs a Facebook page supporting law enforcement. "Our law enforcement are there to protect both sides."
Other residents back the pipeline opponents. The Unitarian Universalist congregation has supplied food to camp and shelter.
In this protest, both sides often seemed to speak right past each other. Minister Karen Van Fossan says that should be changing.
"We aren't often talking about the things that are on our minds, and now we really are," Van Fossan says.
Kay LaCoe hopes that's true. The Bismarck resident recently called on residents to support businesses targeted by protesters. But soon after, hateful messages flooded her Facebook. She even received death threats and just wants a final decision on the pipeline to end all this tension.
"Whatever the government and the tribe and the energy companies decide to do with that pipeline, I'm good with it. Just give me my hometown back," she says.
But the legal battle over the pipeline will likely continue to play out in 2017 as North Dakotans grapple both with the protesters and the fallout from their continued presence.
Amy Sisk reports for Prairie Public Broadcasting and for Inside Energy, a public media collaboration focused on America's energy issues.
An unusual meeting was held Monday between representatives of the American Embassy in Israel and female ultra-Orthodox students who took part in the development of an advanced chip for the American defense industry.
Changing Reality High-tech offers religious Jews a job path Associated Press In recent years haredim have begun joining Israel's workforce, some finding unlikely home in booming high-tech industry High-tech offers religious Jews a job path
The Embassy's diplomatic attaché and cultural attaché made their way to the Lustig Institute in Ramat Gan to meet two of its graduates, Tehiya Dayan and Lior Halavi, after a small report about them on the Foreign Ministry website caught their eyes.
The Embassy staff, it turns out, has made its goal to assist in the integration of haredi women into the high-tech sector. The cultural attaché, Michele Dastin-van Rijn, told the students that the US government was interested in cooperating with the institute, as the students "serve as an example and role model for religious students," and promised "to work together to help them advance."
Dr. Ayanna Howard with haredi students (Photo: Tony Farkash)
Rabbi Zvi Ilani, director of the Lustig Institute which serves as the haredi academic institution for girls of the Jerusalem College of Technology's Machon Lev institute, noted that "Lustig girls' many developments for the country's biggest high-tech companies prompted the Embassy to initiate the meeting."
From seminar to space
Quietly and modestly, the veteran haredi seminar has been training haredi women for quite a few years now, granting them with academic degrees in the fields of high-tech, auditing and business administration.
This is the exact reason why Lior Halavi, 23, a young haredi woman whose parents are former seculars, chose to study there. Yet she never dreamed that her final paper for her bachelor's degree in programming would get her so far.
Haredi staff and American diplomats at Lustig Institute (Photo: Tony Farkash)
Halavi, who currently works in a high-tech company, cannot say much about the circumstances which led to the development of the chip or about who will be using it.
"All I can say is that it's for a defense industry. We didn't know much about what it was supposed to do either, as we naturally received very specific and focused data," she explains.
As part of the two students' work with the Verisense company, they were required to develop a code that would simulate the activity of the chip, which would eventually be installed in a space vehicle, and ensure that it properly communicates with its surroundings.
"It's a very expensive development," explains Halavi. "Producing the chip and then discovering that it has problems would cause serious damage. Our development saved a lot of money."
Outside incubator
As opposed to Halavi, who has left her "security-related chapter" behind since developing the chip, 21-year-old Tehiya Dayan found herself returning for another run. After taking a short break to work on medical equipment for breast cancer diagnosis, she went back to develop chips for the defense industry.
Dayan, who is married and has a child, lives in the northern haredi community of Rechasim. The long way she made from the local Beit Yaakov high-school to the defense industry is a very unusual sight in the local landscape.
"I really don't understand what the fuss is all about," she says modestly. "I am very happy with what we did. I also received many warm regards from residents who are very proud of us. Naturally, there are also those who are not.
"There is now a very strong trend of haredi girls integrating into high-tech. Personally, I am rather exceptional because I went to study it academically, and in Lustig of all places, which is considered modern compared to the background I come from. And yet, it is definitely unacceptable working in a clear secular or security-related environment."
So what is acceptable?
"What they call a 'technological incubator' – a group of girls working together in one place, so that none of them is really alone. They usually have different working hours, and their vacations match the Jewish calendar," she says. "But the disadvantage is the salary – one fewer zero in the paycheck. And in fields like space, there's definitely nothing to talk about."
But Dayan doesn't regret her choice. "I am alone in this definition, it's true. A haredi woman in a place which hardly even has any religious people. people don't understand why I won't shake their hand, compliment my hair without knowing that it's actually a wig. But they are charming and warm people, and it's a process of mutual adaptation. I get to know them and they get to know me."
Another development on the way
Dayan's impressive output – only 21, married, a new mother, a programming teacher with "rich security-related experience" – has become the joke of the office, she says. "My boss has a habit of introducing me at meetings, elaborating on my background, and then surprising people with my age. 'Look how old she is and how much she's already done. What about you?' It's become an internal joke."
Can you talk about what you're working on now?
"In general, on a similar field. Now I'm also working on a chip which is meant to be installed on space. Such chips, which cannot be examined and repaired if needed, have to be very simple, because complex planning may lead to complicated problems, and when the tool is in the air it's impossible to fix it.
"At the end of the day," she says, "I don't really know what I've done. It's not a mammography device which you know helped save women from cancer. Here you'll never know."
Dayan and Halavi are not alone. Another graduate of the Lustig Institute, Hadas Tischler, has gained international recognition for a study of computer integration in brain research. Another graduate, Efrat Hoffman, presented a unique development in the field of information systems for insurance companies.
Former House Speaker Newt Gingrich (R-Ga.) on Tuesday evening accused Fox News's Megyn Kelly of being "fascinated with sex" after she asked about the women who have accused Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump Donald John TrumpHouse committee believes it has evidence Trump requested putting ally in charge of Cohen probe: report Vietnamese airline takes steps to open flights to US on sidelines of Trump-Kim summit Manafort's attorneys say he should get less than 10 years in prison MORE of sexual assault.
ADVERTISEMENT
In a contentious segment on Kelly's show, Gingrich, a top Trump adviser and surrogate, batted down questions about Trump's accusers and about a tape in which the GOP nominee brags about kissing and grabbing women without their consent.
"I am sick and tired of people like you using that language. That is inflammatory. That is not true," Gingrich said, pointing his finger at the camera after Kelly used the term "sexual predator" to describe the allegations.
"When you use those words, you take a position, and it is very unfair of you to do that, Megyn," Gingrich said.
Kelly shot back: "I think your defensiveness on this may speak volumes, sir."
She continued: "Let me make my point. ... If Mr. Trump is a sexual predator, then it is a big story. And what we saw on that tape was Trump saying himself he likes to grab women by their genitals and kiss them against their will. That's what we saw. And then we saw 10 women come forward after he denied actually doing it."
Gingrich continued to argue that the media focuses too much on the recent Trump scandal while largely ignoring WikiLeaks's release of hacked emails from the campaign of Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton Hillary Diane Rodham ClintonSanders: 'I fully expect' fair treatment by DNC in 2020 after 'not quite even handed' 2016 primary Sanders: 'Damn right' I'll make the large corporations pay 'fair share of taxes' Former Sanders campaign spokesman: Clinton staff are 'biggest a--holes in American politics' MORE.
"You are fascinated with sex and you don't care about public policy," Gingrich said.
"Me, really?" Kelly asked.
"That's what I get out of watching you tonight," Gingrich said.
She retorted: "You know what, Mr. Speaker? I am not fascinated by sex, but I am fascinated by the protection of women and understanding what we're getting in the Oval Office."
PSA: 9.18 broke the Leopard model, so redownload that if it's giving you crashes. Also the Ram was a little bugged. Not a game breaker, but a minor visual incongruity. Grab that one if it bugs* you.
* I'll be here all week. I also do birthday parties.
I did these for my personal enjoyment, but I've received so much interest in some of them that I felt like sharing would be a nice thing to do. Everything is in standard resolution. I'm sure the higher resolution HD textures will become the standard at some point, but I don't bother with it personally.
All skins include GUI icons where applicable as well as camo mask modifications to display camo correctly (even the TOG bus) except for cases where camo is not available such as the IS6 Black.
IS-6 Winter Soldier (replaces the IS-6 Black)
Screenshots
IS-6 Fulminant (replaces the standard IS-6)
Screenshot I need a better screenshot, but the custom hangar mod is currently giving me fits and my mouse wheel is busted.
T34 Blind Justice (replaces the standard T34)
Screenshots
Pz58-B Zwarte Kanon (Schwarzpanzer retexture)
Now with more shoe polish!
Screenshot
Furyous Easy8*
*This is a further modification of Milkym4n's HD E8 and requires his model installed first for the inscription on the gun barrel to be visible. Tankmen customization is included, but you will need to use gold to manually modify your crew.
Screenshot
Cromwell Union Jack (Berlin modification)
Screenshot
Canadian Maple Ram & Armored Brigade Ram
Screenshots
LTG Redemption Turret
Screenshot
KV220 Russian Tiger (remodel)
Added an 85mm cannon model scaled to fit the model proportionally so the actual dimensions are comparable to the 76mm loaded armament. Also added the nicer looking hull model and emblem from the beta reward tank.
Screenshots
T25 Pilot Gunmod (remodel)
Removed dust cover from mantlet and added muzzle brake.
Screenshot
T23 Turret Upgrade for T20
Screenshot
Proper Leopard (remodel)
The VK 1602 prototype was based on both the 1301 and 1601 projects, both of which had a more standardized panzer turret. There was a concept drawn for the turret as seen in-game, but the only prototype ever built used the same turret as the 1601 and 1301. This has always bugged the bejesus out of me.
Screenshot
KV5 Muzzle Brake (remodel)
Screenshot
The Magic TOG Bus
Screenshot
Emblems
Screenshot(ish) I couldn't think of a better way to show these.
Japanese Crew Anime Boys
I'm sure some people will be legitimately interested in this. While I do actually have an interest in the media, I created this because I'm not a fan of the silly bogus Japanese Heavy line. Love it or hate it, it's yours to enjoy.
Screenshots
Camouflage
These are an assortment of patterns, some original and some modified versions of vanilla patterns.
Screenshots There are abundantly more patterns included than what you see depicted here. I need to run some training matches to get screenshots in well-lit environments, but here are a few examples for now.
I do have some included here that I've been using since the update when the camo system as added to the game years ago. I can't remember if I created all of these older patterns I've been using. If you see something that should be attributed to someone else, please let me know.
Additionally, I use several camo patterns created by Wookie Monster. If you like the camo patterns I've uploaded here, I highly recommend checking out his work as well.
Edited by TQuin, Oct 19 2017 - 15:33.
To celebrate the start of a new season, Inspirations & Celebrations presents the “Get Gorgeous for Fall Beauty Giveaway“. From a stylish cosmetic bag and deluxe makeup to sumptuous skincare and haircare products, the winner of this ultra-luxurious fall beauty giveaway will be able to look her best all season long with the help of these incredible beauty products.
About The Get Gorgeous for Fall Beauty Giveaway
The winner of this beauty giveaway will enjoy a $350 prize package including a Henri Bendel Cosmetic Bag, Erno Laszlo Transphuse Day Serum, Erno Laszlo Transphuse Night Serum, Nars Cosmetics Satin Lip Pencil, Hairfinity Hair Supplements, Aloxxi Essential 7 Restorative Hair Serum, John Barrett Be Cleansed Weekly Shampoo, Philosophy Renewed Hope in a Jar, and EOS Hand Lotion.
How To Win The Get Gorgeous for Fall Beauty Giveaway
The Get Gorgeous for Fall Beauty Giveaway runs from September 1st – September 30th, 2015. To enter, follow the easy instructions listed in the Gleam-powered giveaway widget shown below. A random winner will be chosen on September 30th, and contacted via email. To be eligible to win, entrants must be age 18+ and USA/Canada residents.
Don't miss the opportunity to earn 5 bonus entries by sharing this fabulous giveaway with your friends (by email and social media). The share link option can be found in the list of entry options below.
Erno Laszlo Transphuse Day Serum & Night Serum:
Transform the appearance of your skin with this deluxe day serum and night serum duo. The insta-fix dermal fillers instantly plump up skin, minimizing visible wrinkles and fine lines, while other essential ingredients help boost the production of collagen, resulting in smoother, younger looking skin over time.
NARS Cosmetics Satin Lip Pencil (in Rikugien):
With a rich, pigmented shade that imparts a naturally-enhanced rose pink hue to your lips, this satin lip pencil glides on easily and lasts for hours. This long-wearing, vitamin-enriched creamy lip pencil is the perfect lip color for everyday wear, giving you a gorgeous pout all day long.
Aloxxi Essential 7 Restorative Hair Serum:
A blend of seven botanical oils including Olive, Grape, Sunflower, Geranium, Clary Sage, Jojoba, and Walnut creates a lightweight serum that instantly absorbs into the hair, creating brilliant shine while helping to restore elasticity, smooth the cuticle, and protect hair color from the sun by preventing UV damage.
Hairfinity Dietary Supplements:
Hairfinity is a nutritional supplement that is transforming the hair of women all over the world. A unique natural blend of vitamins, nutrients and an exclusive Capilsana Complex, it promotes healthy hair growth and nourishes your hair from the inside out.
Henri Bendel Cosmetic Bag:
Add some Bendel flair to your assortment of designer travel accessories with the new Signature Stripe Canvas Cosmetic Bag. Fully expandable and featuring water-resistant coated lining, this striped canvas bag stores your beauty product essentials in style.
John Barrett Be Cleansed Weekly Shampoo:
Like a facial for the hair, this concentrated formulation is to be used for added cleansing strength when a week's worth of build-up has you seeking a deeper shampoo treatment. Reclaim your hair's youthful attributes and boost its natural shine by ridding it of residual build-up that can dull your hair and its style.
EOS Hand Lotion:
In a convenient, travel-size container, this everyday hand lotion will help keep your skin looking soft, supple, and oh-so-touchable when you're on-the-go. With a whisper soft scent of berry blossom, this luxuriating hand lotion moisturizes and protects delicate skin, while leaving a hint of fragrance.
Philosophy Renewed Hope in a Jar:
This lightweight, whipped formula with clinically proven non-stop skin renewal technology works on multiple levels to gently retexturize skin with a triple blend of alpha hydroxy acids, intensity your natural healthy color with an asian fruit extract, and restore all-day moisture with 3 forms of hyaluronate. It's no wonder this miracle-working skincare product is a fan favorite amongst Philosophy lovers!
Get ready to transition into autumn with these luxurious beauty products that will get you gorgeous in no time.
[show_shopthepost_widget id=”973271″]
Facebook, Instagram, Pinterest, For more fab tips, pics and videos, follow Inspirations & Celebrations on Google+ YouTube and Twitter
[Disclosure: Complimentary products provided by Erno Laszio, Hairfinity, Philosophy c/o Sephora, John Barrett, Aloxxi, Henri Bendel c/o Popsugar, NARS Cosmetics c/o Sephora. Affiliate links.]
Bevacqua (Photo: PDN file photo)
From 6 to 8 p.m. Oct. 10 at the University of Guam CLASS Lecture Hall, students in the Chamorro Studies program will organize an “Inadaggao Lengguahen Chamoru” or a Chamorro Language Forum. For this event, four senatorial candidates from each political party will be asked questions in the Chamorro language about pertinent island issues, and respond in the Chamorro language. The event is open to the public and refreshments will be provided.
Nowadays it is easy to forget that there are two official languages for this island, Chamorro and English. One of them has been here for a little over a century, the other for thousands of years. Despite changes that have taken place, the Chamorro language has probably been a part of this land, as long as it has hosted people. It is intimately tied to the natural world and it is the tongue that Chamorros have used to describe everything from typhoons to foreign invaders. In recent memory, one language has become dominant, while the other is increasingly quiet.
Due to overt efforts by the U.S. Navy prior to World War II to prohibit and discourage the use of the Chamorro language and postwar choices made by Chamorros to Americanize, the Chamorro language has been steadily declining. After surviving innumerable trials and tribulations, we can almost hear the end of the language on the horizon. Although the 20,000-plus speakers of Chamorro in the world today is positive compared to many smaller languages with just a handful of fluent speakers. Each successive census indicates that rather than stemming the tide of language death, we continue to lose tens of thousands of speakers.
The Chamorro renaissance, which has reversed so many formerly negative self-perceptions that Chamorros have of themselves, has done little to slow the decline of the Chamorro language. Chamorros no longer eagerly accept the idea that the primary value of their language and culture is that it can be sacrificed on the altar of American assimilation, but sadly this has not led to an increase of the number of Chamorro language speakers.
There are many factors that are affecting the decline of the Chamorro language, but the usual reasons that you will hear discussed around your average fiesta table aren't the real villains. The Chamorro language isn't being killed by Facebook, iPads, Netflix or anything of the sort. The Chamorro language isn't dying because of a terrible laziness that afflicts the youth of today or a saddening unwillingness to learn their native tongue. The Chamorro language is declining because those who can speak Chamorro do not speak it to those who don't, especially if they are younger than them. And furthermore, that who can speak Chamorro tend not to use it around those who can't.
Observe your average Chamorro speaker and you'll see this is true. Chances are good they will use Chamorro among those in their age group, especially if they are above the age of 60. But when it comes to interacting with those younger than them, even within their own family, you'll see the amount of Chamorro drop dramatically.
Languages remain alive for a single reason; it has nothing to do with status, practicality or speaker community size. They are alive because they are passed on to the next generation.
There are still spaces in Guam where the Chamorro language remains strong and audible. There are still families where it is being passed on to the younger generations. But these spaces and instances are becoming fewer and fewer. As a result, the language becomes quieter and quieter.
Despite the dire state of the Chamorro language today, it is important to recognize that the language does not have to die. It is not destined for linguistic oblivion, existing only in recordings in the Guam Museum. It can be brought back to a healthy state again, but doing so requires far more than current efforts within families and within communities. As UOG President Robert Underwood argued during his keynote address at the Indigenous Language Conference during the Festival of Pacific Arts, you cannot just “håfa adai” your way to language revitalization. Given the deep tissue forms of colonization that convinced Chamorros that their language was useless in the first place, serious interventions are required to re-infuse value and reestablish a sense of linguistic integrity and practical flexibility.
It is common to see the decline of the Chamorro language as tied to technological or cultural changes, but that isn't how languages work. Languages are adaptive, they can survive just about anything, so long as people continue to use them and pass them on to the next generation. The Chamorro language is disappearing because rather than adapting the language to the world around us, we have reduced the places where it has spoken, ceding more and more territory of everyday life to the realm of English, leaving Chamorro to feel stagnant and static in comparison. In addition to simply using it with our children and grandchildren, we have to expand the things we use Chamorro for and the places where it is natural to use it. This can mean pushing the Chamorro language to evolve in order to be able to accommodate shifts in technology or popular culture, but also use community outreach or public mandates in order to increase the number of places where Chamorro can be used or heard.
Electoral politics was once a place, in the 20th century where the Chamorro language thrived. From pocket meetings to the speeches on the floor of the Guam Legislature, whereas English was the formal language of politics, Chamorro was a necessary companion, feeding a vitality into campaigns. Take, for example, this passage from Pedro C. Sanchez's "Guahan/Guam: The History of Our Island":
The 1956 election was the first tie that a real contest for legislative seats was experienced on Guam … Popular Party meetings went into the wee hours of the morning. They stayed until they heard Senator James T. Sablan of Agana Heights deliver his nightly “bombshell” blasting the leaders of the Territorial Party slate. His attacks ranged from hilarious uses of the Chamorro and English languages to malicious attacks on his opponents. But the crowd loved it and would disperse only after he finished at 2 or 3 o'clock in the morning.
As the number of Chamorro speakers has declined, the number of fluent speakers among our elected leaders has dropped as well. Pocket meetings used to be filled with speakers who would politick in the Chamorro language, but even their numbers are dwindling. Political events will feature common Chamorro phrases, perhaps a single speaker who will emphasis the use of Chamorro, but other than that, politics are now English with local flavor.
The Inadaggao Lengguahen Chamoru is an attempt to push back against this Chamorro decline and stagnation. It is a symbolic intervention aimed at expanding the borders of what we've come to commonly associate with the Chamorro language. To help Chamorros of all ages see that the language is so much more than tattoos, T-shirts or food words. But that it will only have as much value, as much life as we breathe into it through our use of it.
Michael Lujan Bevacqua is an author, artist, activist and assistant professor of Chamorro studies at the University of Guam.
Read or Share this story: http://www.guampdn.com/story/opinion/columnists/2016/10/06/bevacqua-breathe-life-into-chamorro-language/91521930/
The Impossible Burger is available at Hopdoddy Burger Bar, 3227 McKinney Ave. in Dallas.
The Impossible Burger looks, smells, sizzles and tastes like meat. It even bleeds, but it doesn't contain any actual beef. After turning heads at dozens of restaurants in California, New York, and Las Vegas, the Impossible Burger is debuting in North Texas. Starting Friday, June 23, this high-tech mock burger will be served at all Hopdoddy Burger Bar locations in the state, including three in the Dallas area. It's a permanent menu item, a publicist confirms. Offered as a take on Hopdoddy's Classic Burger, the Impossible Burger will include the plant-based patty topped with cheddar, lettuce, onion, tomatoes and "sassy sauce" on a brioche bun for $14.
The Impossible Burger, though not made with any meat, sure looks like a beef patty, doesn't it? /Christian K. Lee/TNS
First launched in New York City back in July 2016 after five years of development, this meaty yet meat-free product was created in a lab by Stanford scientist Patrick Brown, CEO of Impossible Foods. The company, based in Redwood City, Calif., counts Bill Gates and Google Ventures among its investors. The veggie burger with faux blood quickly became a culinary craze, with lines at restaurants in New York City described by TimeOut New York as "pretty insane." The Impossible Burger sold out so quickly in San Francisco that one restaurant started issuing tickets for every burger, says SFGate. Made mostly with wheat, coconut oil and potatoes, the Impossible Burger patty resembles ground beef, even when raw. The not-so-secret ingredient is heme, the iron-containing compound that resembles blood and gives meat the taste, color and smell carnivores crave. The idea is to replicate the experience of eating meat. The Impossible Burger can even be cooked rare or all the way through. It was created not for vegetarians, the CEO has said; it is designed to sway meat-eaters toward an environmentally friendly alternative. This is, of course, a particularly tall order in Texas. In a press release from Impossible Foods, Brown admits that the Lone Star State has "the most discerning burger experts on the planet."
We tried the Impossible Burger on the first day it was available in Texas.
Thoroughly cooked, the Impossible Burger closely resembles the taste and texture of the real thing; however, the flavors of wheat and potato are prominent enough to leave much to be desired as far as seasoning. GuideLive reporter Dawn Burkes hardly picked up any taste but potato. At $14 a pop, if she wants meat, she'd rather go for the real thing, not something that seems as if it fell off the truck on the way to the kitchen. Ouch! Reporter Tiney Ricciardi thought the burger tasted too much like wheat, and it reminded her of a beer she drank recently — not exactly what you crave from a sandwich. She wasn't a fan of the texture. The Impossible patty was mushier and stringier than a solid hunk of ground beef, she said. The faux burger shouldn't be ordered medium rare. Yes, it is pink in the middle this way, but the consistency becomes overly starchy and greasy. The Impossible Burger is the most sophisticated — and perhaps the most filling — veggie burger ever made and it is worth trying. But it is ultimately not worth twice the price of a regular burger.
A Slideshow of 8 Photos Taylor Owen reacts to eating the Impossible Burger, available at Hopdoddy Burger Bar, 3227 McKinney Ave. /Louis DeLuca/Staff Photographer
The Impossible Burger, available at Hopdoddy Burger Bar, 3227 McKinney Avenue in Dallas, photographed on Friday, June 23, 2017. Louis DeLuca/Staff Photographer
Taylor Owen, Gregory Castillo and Chris Cuan, left to right, sample the Impossible Burger, available at Hopdoddy Burger Bar, 3227 McKinney Avenue in Dallas, photographed on Friday, June 23, 2017. Louis DeLuca/Staff Photographer
Taylor Owen takes a photo of the Impossible Burger, available at Hopdoddy Burger Bar, 3227 McKinney Avenue in Dallas, photographed on Friday, June 23, 2017. Louis DeLuca/Staff Photographer
The Impossible Burger, available at Hopdoddy Burger Bar, 3227 McKinney Avenue in Dallas, photographed on Friday, June 23, 2017. Louis DeLuca/Staff Photographer
Gregory Castillo proudly displays the flag that comes with the Impossible Burger, available at Hopdoddy Burger Bar, 3227 McKinney Avenue in Dallas, photographed on Friday, June 23, 2017. Louis DeLuca/Staff Photographer
The Impossible Burger is served to diners at Hopdoddy Burger Bar, 3227 McKinney Avenue in Dallas, photographed on Friday, June 23, 2017. Louis DeLuca/Staff Photographer
The Impossible Burger, available at Hopdoddy Burger Bar, 3227 McKinney Avenue in Dallas, photographed on Friday, June 23, 2017. Louis DeLuca/Staff Photographer
BERLIN -- BMW has suspended talks with Daimler on future cooperation projects after its rival disclosed alleged collusion among German automakers to cartel authorities, Sueddeutsche Zeitung reported on Tuesday, citing industry sources.
BMW's top management plans to critically question future cooperation with Daimler on joint purchasing of auto parts and efforts to develop charging stations for electric cars, the newspaper said.
The project to develop charging sites for zero-emissions cars, also involving Volkswagen and Ford's European division, is now facing delays but will be continued, Sueddeutsche Zeitung said.
Daimler's move to disclose a possible auto-industry cartel between the Stuttgart-based carmaker, VW, BMW, Audi and Porsche, alleging collusion on pricing and technologies, "has totally damaged" BMW's trust in Daimler, the newspaper cited an industry source as saying.
A person familiar with the matter told Reuters on Tuesday that Daimler first raised the issue of collusion with cartel authorities, a move that could earn it immunity.
BMW declined to comment.
Daimler CEO Dieter Zetsche said he hasn't conferred with his BMW counterpart, Harald Krueger, in the past seven days, but that he expects existing cooperation pacts to continue. "I have not spoken to him and I've not received any information that on other levels there have been any signals of this speculative nature," Zetsche told reporters on Wednesday, referring to the Sueddeutsche Zeitung report.
Since about 2008, Daimler and BMW have purchased significant volumes of components such as windscreen wipers and tires together, totaling some 2 billion euros in annual orders. Combining procurement helps lower prices and gain efficiency, and BMW had planned to expand the partnership.
Daimler, BMW, VW and Ford are also working together to establish a fast-charging network for electric cars along major European highways by 2020. Audi, BMW and Daimler bought digital-mapping company HERE in 2015 for 2.5 billion euros, and have run it jointly since then.
European Union and German antitrust regulators are investigating whether BMW, VW, Porsche, Audi and Mercedes-Benz owner Daimler held meetings to discuss suppliers, prices and standards to the disadvantage of foreign carmakers.
Bloomberg contributed to this report
Image copyright Uniqlo
A fresh new shirt delivered at the push of a button is now on offer for travellers in the US.
Japanese fashion brand Uniqlo has installed a vending machine dispensing clothing at Oakland Airport in California.
Nine other machines will pop up at airports and malls at sites including Los Angeles, Houston and New York in the coming months.
They will stock men and women's shirts and lightweight jackets.
Uniqlo USA chief executive Hiroshi Taki said the technology brought "convenience to travellers looking for a warm jacket without the bulk or a versatile undershirt".
Image copyright Uniqlo
The company hopes the gimmick will help entice customers to the Asian brand, which has struggled in its attempts to penetrate the US market.
Airports and malls were selected as high-traffic locations to supplement its 45 stores in the country.
The retailer, owned by Japan's Fast Retailing, has close to 1,900 stores worldwide selling inexpensive casual wear.
The vending machines will stock tops retailing at about $15 (£11.30) and lightweight jackets for about $70 (£53).
Fast Retailing is the world's third largest retail apparel company and also owns Helmut Lang and J Brand. There are no plans to use the vending machines outside the US.
“The Joker” - Portrait Painting by Sam Spratt
The infamous Batman villain has been done to death. So when tumblr voted on him to be my next painting, I wanted to take the familiar subject and really try to do a fresh take on it. The result is a labor of love (24+ hours of painting) of Joker in a lesser seen perspective (from his eyes) doing the lesser seen action of reapplying his makeup. I had a lot of fun with the details–rendering everything from the cracked facepaint around skin creases, eye-reflection, fingerprint paint smudges and cracks on the mirror, cuts/scrapes from the shard cutting into the hand, etc. (Though based on the design of The Dark Knight Joker, it is not modelled after Heath Ledger in any way). For a close-up shot, go (HERE)
Connect with my: portfolio website, tumblr, facebook artist's page and Twitter.
Imagine a massive croc. Walking on its hind legs. Towering over you and ready to clamp down on you with its enormous fang-filled maw.
What sounds like something out of a bad Star Trek episode actually existed back in the day. Scientists say the fearsome prehistoric croc, Carnufex carolinensis, ruled North America as a top predator millions of years before the dinosaurs showed up.
(Story continues below image and GIF.)
Life reconstruction of Carnufex carolinensis.
The Gorn, a fictional extraterrestrial humanoid reptilian species in Star Trek. See the resemblance?
A mysterious specimen, hidden away. Fossils of Carnufex carolinensis, a.k.a. the “Carolina Butcher,” were discovered a decade ago in the Pekin Formation, a geological formation in North Carolina's Chatham County.
They were hidden in storage at the North Carolina Museum of Natural Sciences until they were recently rediscovered by a curator working there, the Washington Post reported.
Slicing machine. When researchers examined the fossils, they realized they were looking at a new species--a nine-foot-long creature dating back some 231 million years. Using a high-resolution surface scanner, the team mapped the croc's skull and created a 3-D model of it (see below).
"The skull of Carnufex is slender and long-snouted with dozens of blade-like teeth," Lindsay Zanno, an assistant professor at North Carolina State University and the lead author of a paper describing the research, told Discovery News. "For all practical purposes, this was an animal skillfully adapted for slicing flesh from the bones of its victims."
Reconstructed skull of Carnufex carolinensis. 3D surface models of skull bones shown in white. Gray areas are missing elements reconstructed from close relatives of Carnufex.
Top of the food chain. Along with extinct animals called rauisuchids and poposauroids, Carnufex was likely one of the top predators in the Northern hemisphere during the late Triassic period. Scientists believe it hunted creatures like armored reptiles and early mammal relatives, before a massive extinction event occurred.
“We knew that there were too many top performers on the proverbial stage in the Late Triassic," Zanno said in a written statement. "Yet, until we deciphered the story behind Carnufex, it wasn't clear that early crocodile ancestors were among those vying for top predator roles prior to the reign of dinosaurs in North America.”
October 7, 2007
September 12, 2008
The collapse of so many major financial institutions in the past year, and over the past few days especially, is hard to fathom in its enormity. Sometimes you need a good visual to put things in perspective. The New York Times has an interactive graphic up on its site that pretty much says it all. It shows that $4 trillion has been wiped off the total market capitalization of the U.S. stock market since last October. Of that, nearly $1 trillion is from the decline in the financial sector alone.
Each box in the graphic is proportional to the size of the market capitalization of the biggest financial firms then and now. As you mouse over the squares, you can see how much each value each company lost between October 9, 2007 and September 12, 2008. Here are some of the individual losses by market cap:
Citigroup: $236.7 billion to $97.8 billion.
Bank of America: $236.5 billion to $150.2 billion.
AIG: $179.8 billion to $32.3 billion
Goldman Sachs: $97.7 billion to $61.3 billion
American Express: $74.8 billion to $45 billion.
Morgan Stanley: $73.1 billion to $41.1 billion.
Fannie Mae: $64.8 billion to $700 million.
Merrill Lynch: $63.9 billion to $24.2 billion
Freddie Mac: $41.5 billion to $300 million.
Lehman Brothers: $34.4 billion to $2.5 billion.
Washington Mutual: $31.1 billion to $2.9 billion
It is staggering when you look at it all together, and when you realize that the companies still standing like Bank of America and Citgroup, have seen bigger market cap declines than some of the institutions that have gone under (Lehman Brothers) or that had to be bailed out (Fannie Mae, Freddie Mac). For the estimated 150,000 financial sector employees who have already lost or will lose their jobs this year, the outlook is bleak. (Although, First Round Capital and Union Square Ventures are already openly trying to recruit a select few of them for their portfolio startups—quant jocks are especially welcome).
Smashing Pumpkins frontman Billy Corgan is not pulling punches, and a recent interview with the rock star has many people up in arms.
The interview, reported by Billboard to have taken place last month, was featured on Info Wars with Alex Jones. Well into Corgan's time on the show, the talk turned to the upcoming election. At this point, Corgan spoke to concerns that he has with Bernie Sanders, the senator-tuned-presidential hopeful.
“To be talking in America in 2016 about ‘Mao is a good idea' and a socialist is running for president and that's okay. And we're going to go back to these crazy tax rates where we're gonna completely disempower the innovators in our country,” Corgan stated.
Image via Shutterstock
He continued by paraphrasing what he believes to be the mindset of many Sanders' supporters.
“Forty-six percent of Americans don't pay any form of tax — at least in terms of federal or state. Free stuff? Great. Give me more free stuff… That's why I'm for Bernie Sanders.”
While Corgan did not, in any way, endorse Donald Trump, the current Republican frontrunner, he did take issue with the behavior of Sanders' supporters at Trump rallies.
“When I watch some of the clips that you guys have been putting up at some of these protests, I have no respect for what these people are doing,” Corgan said. “They're shutting down free speech. If they have that level of vitriol for let's say Donald Trump as a candidate, because they feel it's antithetical to what they believe in, where is the five times great condemnation for those societies that are treating their people far worse than just ideas and words?”
Image via Shutterstock
Corgan's words are surprising for many, considering that his music is generally considered to be most favorable among demographics that lead towards liberalism. The rest of the interview, however, falls much along the same lines. Corgan spoke at great length about social justice movements and their effect on free speech. He mentioned several times that he was not speaking of a single group, but that he does believe that many social warrior groups use tactics that shut down free speech and unfairly leverage their position. He made it clear that he does not, in any way, condone racism, while simultaneously lamenting the notion that a single word, taken out of context or said out of anger, could end a person's career.
“It's pretty remarkable that I could say one word right now that would destroy my career. I could use the wrong racial epithet or say the wrong thing to you or look down at the wrong part of your body and be castigated and it's a meme and I'm a horrible person. Every day through the media, through advertising, we see people being degraded, we see people doing all sorts of things that we should be horrified at as a culture. So we've normalized all sorts of things, but we live in a world where one word could destroy your life but it's okay to, if you're a social-justice warrior, spit in somebody's face,” Corgan stated, according to Rolling Stone.
This echoes the concerns that Corgan expressed in another interview, also with Alex Jones. In the previous interview, he accused the social justice movement of creating issues or finding slights where none exist. He also stated that “lack of tolerance of ideas and other points of view is the great Achilles heel of the social justice warrior movement.” He also went so far as to compare such movements to cults or the Ku Klux Klan.
It will certainly be interesting to see what this opinionated musician has to say if Sanders' campaign continues to gain momentum.
[Featured Image via Shutterstock]
By Dr Cesar Chelala
For the past few decades girls have become unwilling warriors or sex partners for soldiers throughout the world. It is estimated that, between 1990 and 2003, girls as young as 13 served in military and paramilitary groups in 55 countries and participated in armed conflict in 38 of those countries. At present, more than 120,000 girls participate in armed conflicts worldwide.
According to a January 2013 World Bank briefing entitled Children in Emergency and Crisis Situations, “The use of girls [by armed forces] has been confirmed in Colombia, DRC [The Democratic Republic of Congo], Timor-Leste, Pakistan, Sri Lanka, Uganda and West Africa. There about 12,500 in DRC. However, girls are generally less visible and up to now have hardly benefited from demobilization and reintegration programs for child soldiers.”
A CARE International report entitled Overcoming Lost Childhoods about rehabilitating Colombian child soldiers states, “For some girls, belonging to an illegal armed group gives them a sense of power and control that they may not otherwise experience living in a relatively conservative, ‘machista' society.”
Some girls become soldiers voluntarily. In most cases, however, they are abducted and forced to participate in combat operations. Once they become soldiers, they frequently are subjected sexual exploitation and abuse.
As a result of sexual relations with and rape by fellow soldiers, they often acquire sexually transmitted infections that are particularly frequent among men belonging to both the government forces and rebel groups. In Sierra Leone, 70 to 90% of rape survivors had a sexually transmitted infection, including HIV/AIDS.
Why do some girls voluntarily become soldiers in spite of the obvious dangers? Some do it for the benefits — such as protection from domestic exploitation and abuse elsewhere. They also do it for the sense of power involved in being a soldier. In Sierra Leone, for example, girls who became “wives” of commanders were sometimes put in charge of organising raids or spying missions.
A study by the Canadian human rights organization Rights and Democracy found that 30% of the girls in three countries studied (Mozambique, Northern Uganda and Sierra Leone) became pregnant during the time they were in the armed forces. Many were stigmatised because they had been raped and later had serious difficulties trying to reintegrate into their communities.
During the protracted war in Angola, thousands of children — many of them girls — were recruited as soldiers by both the government forces and the UNITA rebels. Although there are some indications that 6,000 children were recruited by UNITA alone, Human Rights Watch estimates the actual number was much higher.
Girls can't freely choose whether to leave the groups with whom they are fighting. Those that try to leave face a double threat: punishment if they're recaptured, or discrimination and ostracism from the community if and when they return home. Girls who return home pregnant or with a child are made to feel that they have “dishonored” the family.
Reintegration into society is more difficult for girls than for boys, who can boast that they were “warriors” in combat. Girls may have to live with the stigma of having been sexually abused.
In addition, girls may suffer other consequences aside from sexually transmitted infections, such as chronic physical and mental disabilities or the need to look after babies conceived during their forced service. The stigma is not limited to girl-soldier mothers but extends to their children, who frequently experience the same kind of rejection as their young mothers.
Because participation by girls in conflict is often ignored, few programmes address their demobilisation, rehabilitation and reintegration into society. In many cases, shunned by their families and communities, they end up working as prostitutes or doing menial work when conflicts end. Their lack of education is another problem.
The practice of using girls as soldiers continues unabated. Because of their perceived role in society, women's options are more limited after participating in armed conflicts, both in terms of marriage and work prospects.
It is necessary to develop policies to stop the use of girl soldiers and create rehabilitation and reintegration programs that specifically respond to their needs. It would be a costly enterprise but one that would allow girls to become the architects of their own future.
Dr. Cesar Chelala is an international public health consultant and a co-winner of an Overseas Press Club of America award.
ES News Email Enter your email address Please enter an email address is invalid Fill out this field Email address is invalid You already have an account. Please log in or register with your social account
A homeless dog with a permanently sad expression is wagging her tail again after a couple adopted her.
Bless, who was the longest living resident at Battersea Dogs and Cats Home, struggled to find a new home because of her “mournful face”.
The dog's home ran an appeal to try and find someone to adopt the German Shepherd cross. She was finally taken home by Geoff and Sylvia Shoesmith, of Chelmsford, Essex, this week after more than 40 people came forward offering her a home.
They both saw an image of Bless in the newspapers and thought they would not have a chance to adopt the German Shepherd cross, because so many potential owners would contact the home.
But when they saw her again the following day on This Morning they called up immediately, and Battersea staff knew they were the perfect match.
Mr Shoesmith said: “She's fantastic, I can't fault her. She's got that sort of face that never gives much away – but as soon as you put your coat on and it's time to take her out, then she positively bounces.”
Rob Young, head of dog rehoming at Battersea, said: "Bless has a mournful face but a heart of gold - anyone who meets her can't believe what a gentle giant she is.”
Bless will be making an appearance at the Battersea Dogs and Cats Home 20 annual reunion on September 7 in Battersea Park.
SINGAPORE - After ditching Singapore for Dubai as a stopover for its Australia-Europe flights, the Flying Kangaroo will return to Changi Airport in March next year - five years after its exit.
In a significant boost to Singapore's air hub status, Australia's Qantas said on Thursday (Aug 31) that from March 25, it will, once again, operate its daily Sydney-London service via Singapore.
Since April 2013, the airline has been operating its Sydney-London and Melbourne-London services via Dubai, as part of a 10-year commercial alliance with its national carrier, Emirates. Before that, both flights stopped in Singapore first.
With the recent announcement, the flight from Sydney will be re-routed to operate via Singapore. A new Melbourne-Perth-London service will also be launched.
From next March, Qantas will also increase the number of Melbourne-Singapore flights and operate the service with the bigger A-380 instead of the current A-330.
The extra services will mean an additional 3,806 one-way seats - a 5.5 per cent increase - on Singapore-Australia routes every week.
Capacity on Singapore-Britain routes will increase by 18.3 per cent, or an extra 3,388 one-way seats a week.
The changes are part of plans to shift capacity to a fast-growing Asia market, Qantas' chief executive officer Alan Joyce told The Straits Times in a telephone interview after the airline announced its future plans.
"Customers in Singapore will have a greater choice of services, aircraft and cabins, with first and premium economy available on the A-380 between Singapore and London, as well as between Sydney and Melbourne," he said.
The airline's 12 A-380s will undergo a cabin refurbishment in the second quarter of 2019, and will feature new business class and premium economy seats, a
refreshed first cabin and new cushions and fabrics in economy.
Asked if customers had asked for a return to Singapore as a stopover for flights to Europe, Mr Joyce was diplomatic: “Some of them like to stop in Perth, some in Singapore and some in Dubai. This (the changes) gives the customer more choice.”
However, he said that there are no plans for Qantas to resume Melbourne-London flights via Singapore.
As for whether the Sydney-Singapore-London service is meant to be an interim measure, while Qantas waits for Airbus or Boeing to build a plane that can allow it to operate the flight to London non-stop, Mr Joyce said he cannot rule anything out.
He also denied that the decision to shift out of Dubai, was due to recent security concerns in the Middle East, which some analysts have suggested.
Even as he announced plans to beef up Australia-Singapore services, Mr Joyce stressed that Emirates remains a key partner.
"The first five years of the Qantas-Emirates alliance have been a great success. Emirates has given Qantas customers an unbeatable network into Europe that is still growing... Dubai will remain an important hub for our customers," he said.
Welcoming Qantas' decision to make a comeback, Changi Airport Group's managing director for air hub development Lim Ching Kiat said: "This development secures Changi Airport as the most connected international airport to Australia, in terms of the number of both city links and seats, and strengthens our position as the region's leading air hub.
"We look forward to continuing working with Qantas to explore new opportunities to boost its business and operations at Changi."
Australia is among Changi Airport's top five country markets in terms of passenger traffic, with more than 5.5 million passengers travelling between Singapore and Australia annually.
For the first seven months of 2017, passenger traffic between the two countries rose 3.6 per cent year on year to 3.3 million. During this period, Sydney and Melbourne were Changi's 10th and 11th busiest routes respectively.
Image caption There have been violent clashes in Abobo for nearly two weeks
Parts of the Ivory Coast's main city of Abidjan resemble a "war zone", the UN refugee agency head in the West African nation, Jacques Franquin, told the BBC.
The UNHCR has suspended plans to open a camp in the west for those fleeing the violence because of safety concerns.
"The situation is deteriorating rapidly," Mr Franquin said.
Tensions have been rising since President Laurent Gbagbo refused to hand power to Alassane Ouattara, widely seen as the winner of November's poll.
Mr Franquin comments come as UN peacekeepers in country say they are overstretched and cannot provide security for all civilians.
Violent clashes
On Thursday, security forces shot dead at least six women marching in support of Mr Ouattara in Abidjan's northern Abobo neighbourhood.
"We are overstretched in terms of patrolling. We conducted over 865 patrols last week. You can't be in every corner of the city," UN spokesman Hamadoun Toure told the BBC.
Ivory Coast World's largest cocoa producer
Once hailed as a model of stability, slipped into internal strife several years after death of first President Felix Houphouet-Boigny in 1993
An armed rebellion in 2002 split the country between rebel north and government south
A power-sharing government took over in 2007 with the ex-rebel leader as prime minister
2010: First presidential elections in 10 years -culmination of the peace process Country profile: Ivory Coast
The pro-Ouattara stronghold of Abobo has seen violent clashes for nearly two weeks and the UN estimates some 200,000 people have fled the area.
"Certain areas of Abidjan are truly in a situation of war with the population fleeing," Mr Franquin said.
"The situation is making it impossible to reach people who are in need of urgent humanitarian assistance," he said.
In the west, UNHCR staff had been withdrawn to Abidjan for their safety and the agency was trying to set up networks using local non-governmental organisations to help those displaced, he said.
A camp is being set up in neighbouring Liberia where tens of thousands have also fled.
Meanwhile, Mr Toure said the UN had received two helicopter gunships this week and he hoped the security situation would improve with the arrival of more peacekeepers.
The BBC's international development correspondent Mark Doyle says the delivery of the helicopter gunships is a measure of the seriousness of the situation.
The idea that these machines might be used, even in a defensive capacity, in a big overcrowded city like Abidjan takes the situation in the Ivory Coast to a new level, he says.
African Union heads of state who are attempting to resolve the crisis are due to meet in Mauritania later on Friday.
The presidents of Burkina Faso, Chad, Mauritania and South Africa and Tanzania were initially given a month by the AU to do their work.
But this week that time frame was extended until the end of March.
According to The Economist Intelligence Unit's latest Democracy Index one of the biggest threats to democracy is the anxious mood of our times
The fearful era in which we live is not conducive to defending democratic standards or extending democracy's reach across the globe. The latest edition of The Economist Intelligence Unit's Democracy Index reflects the situation in 2015, a year in which democracy was tested in the face of war, terrorism, mass migration and other crises, and, in some cases, suffered serious setbacks. In our age of anxiety, the first casualty of fear and insecurity is often freedom.
The Democracy Index provides a snapshot of the state of democracy worldwide. Almost one-half of the world's countries can be considered to be democracies, but, in our index, the number of “full democracies” is low, at only 20 countries; 59 countries are rated as “flawed democracies”. Of the remaining 88 countries in our index, 51 are “authoritarian” and 37 are considered to be “hybrid regimes”. Norway tops the Democracy Index global ranking in 2015 and North Korea is bottom. The US scrapes into the "full democracy" category, in 20th place, reflecting deepening polarisation of the political scene, popular discontent with the workings of democracy and a repressive law enforcement system.
Democracy Index 2015, by regime type No. of countries % of countries % of world population Full democracies 20 12.0 8.9 Flawed democracies 59 35.3 39.5 Hybrid regimes 37 22.2 17.5 Authoritarian regimes 51 30.5 34.1 Note. "World" population refers to the total population of the 167 countries covered by the Index. Since this excludes only micro-states, this is nearly equal to the entire estimated world population. Source: The Economist Intelligence Unit.
Most "full democracies" are in western Europe. There are two Asian countries, one Latin American country (Uruguay) and one African country (Mauritius). “Flawed democracies” are concentrated in Latin America, eastern Europe and Asia. "Authoritarian regimes" are concentrated in Africa, the Middle East and the CIS countries of eastern Europe. Around 2.6bn people, more than one-third of the world's population, live under authoritarian rule (with a large share being, of course, in China).
The title of this year's report reflects the threat to democracy emanating from the fearful mood of our times. According to Joan Hoey, Editor of the report, "An increased sense of anxiety and insecurity in the face of diverse perceived risks and threats—economic, political, social and security—is undermining democracy. Defending democracy means upholding liberty, equality, tolerance and free expression, promoting a democratic political culture and fostering democratic institutions."
The Economist Intelligence Unit's Democracy Index 2015 is available free of charge at: www.eiu.com/democracy2015
Notes for editors
The Economist Intelligence Unit's Democracy Index is based on five categories: electoral process and pluralism; civil liberties; the functioning of government; political participation; and political culture. The index provides a snapshot of the current state of democracy worldwide for 165 independent states and two territories (almost the entire population of the world). Countries are placed within one of four types of regimes: “full democracies”, “flawed democracies”, “hybrid regimes” and “authoritarian regimes.”
The overall index of democracy, on a 0 to 10 scale, is based on the ratings for 60 indicators grouped in the five categories. The overall index is the simple average of the five category indexes. A three-point scoring system for the 60 indicators is used. The category indexes are based on the sum of the indicator scores in the category, converted to a 0 to 10 scale. Countries are placed within one of four types of regimes: “full democracies” (scores of 8 to 10); “flawed democracies”—scores of 6 to 7.9; “hybrid regimes”—scores of 4 to 5.9; “authoritarian regimes”—scores below 4.
About The Economist Intelligence Unit
The Economist Intelligence Unit (EIU) is the world's leading resource for economic and business research, forecasting and analysis. It provides accurate and impartial intelligence for companies, government agencies, financial institutions and academic organisations around the globe, inspiring business leaders to act with confidence since 1946. EIU products include its flagship Country Reports service, providing political and economic analysis for 195 countries, and a portfolio of subscription-based data and forecasting services. The company also undertakes bespoke research and analysis projects on individual markets and business sectors. More information is available at www.eiu.com. The EIU is headquartered in London, UK, with offices in more than 40 cities and a network of some 650 country experts and analysts worldwide. It operates independently as the business-to-business arm of The Economist Group, the leading source of analysis on international business and world affairs.
Bull**** sale.
Sale on companions (60% off) doesn't apply to the "all companions" item... seriously?
First off, don't say you're running a sale on "all companions" and then specifically leave out the "all companions" item. Really? Second, if you say that a sale runs a date through a date, don't set some arbitrary time that it ends on that date; especially not when the only other promo I have in my email says that it "will end on Monday, December 30, 2013 at 3 PM PST" when it's currently not even 3:00 PM EST and it's over.
I've been doing everything in my power to get my friends coming to play this game and spend money. I've defended your absurd pricing to them more times than I care to admit and honestly, it's crap like this that makes me want to take it all back and just write this off as another failed microtransaction moneygrab.
My 2¢; take it or leave it, but I know of many others who already feel the same way.
Angie's List pulls expansion project, cites passage of RFRA Copyright by WISH - All rights reserved (WISH Photo) [ + - ] Video
Staff Reports - INDIANAPOLIS (WISH) - Angie's List CEO, Bill Oesterle, made the announcement on Saturday that the growing company will cancel its expansion project on the near east side.
Angie's List has been working in recent weeks to secure permission and taxpayer dollars from the City-County Council to expand its corporate offices in the Ford Building at the 1300 block of East Washington Street.
Saturday, all previous expansion plans were cancelled because of the passage of the Religious Freedom Act, according to Oesterle.
"We are putting the 'Ford Building Project' on hold until we fully understand the implications of the freedom restoration act on our employees, both current and future," said Angie's List CEO Bill Oesterle.
Oesterle went on to say, ""Angie's List is open to all and discriminates against none and we are hugely disappointed in what this bill represents."
According to reports, the company will begin considering expansion alternatives immediately.
Indianapolis Deputy Mayor Adam Collins' released the following statement in response to the Angie's List announcement:
News that Angie's List is pausing on its proposed new investment in Indianapolis is the type of reaction to RFRA that continues to create real concern in our administration. Indianapolis thrives when we embrace the contributions of our diverse business community and residents. We are committed to ensuring that all who live and work in this city continue to feel welcome here.
Mayoral candidate, Joe Hogsett, also weighed in on the decision:
I'm disappointed to hear of the potential loss of the Angie's List expansion. It meant more than just jobs to east side neighborhoods. When key corporate and community partners like Angie's List speak, we should listen. RFRA is already hurting Indy neighborhoods.
1 Photos Copyright by WISH - All rights reserved All expansion plans were cancelled because of the passage of the Religious Freedom Act. (WISH photo/Joe Fenton)
Watch as a Family Research Council spokesperson calls for broad religious freedom laws to "protect" those opposed to same-sex marriage.
Family Research Council spokesperson Peter Sprigg is calling on Congress to pass the federal First Amendment Defense Act to "protect" Christians who oppose same-sex marriage. The FRC spox appeared this morning on CNN, telling Chris Cuomo, "it's sad that people who have achieved a great victory in terms of the Supreme Court ruling are unwilling to be gracious winners and allow other people to simply disagree and act on their beliefs."
Those beliefs, at least for Sprigg, include outlawing homosexuality, ensuring harmful and dangerous "ex-gay" therapy is legal, and calling the Obama administration's support of LGBT civil rights around the world "fanatical cultural imperialism."
Sprigg's anti-gay hate group Family Research Council has been far from being a gracious winner as it spent decades marginalizing and telling lies about LGBT people.
For the broader religious community Sprigg claims to represent, he would like to "protect" anyone who has a sincerely held religious belief against gay people or same-sex marriage to be able to operate as if they did not exist.
Sprigg offered this tweet on Friday, after the SCOTUS ruling:
Marriages between one man and one woman continue to be uniquely valuable to future of society. Supreme Court has ignored immutable truth. â€” Peter Sprigg (@spriggfrc) June 26, 2015
Did the Supreme Court outlaw them and forget to tell us?
Watch as CNN's Chris Cuomo interviews Sprigg:
.@FRCdc's Peter Sprigg on why he says the First Amendment Defense Act is needed (via New Dayâ€‹) http://t.co/3E4cT9U0oi http://t.co/uHoI5iDuUJ â€” CNN Politics (@CNNPolitics) June 29, 2015
Image: Screenshot via CNN/Twitter
See a mistake? Email corrections to: [email protected]
Through its exclusive relationship with Twitter, Microsoft said its Bing search engine will provide a front door into Twitter's timeline.
It's unclear, however, whether the company will be able to provide greater detail than what Twitter—or for that matter, Google—will provide.
Microsoft said that it is rolling out an update to the Bing search engine that will quickly autosuggest users and trending topics as users type the name inside the search box. Begin typing "@a," for example, and Bing will autosuggest "@aplusk," the handle of actor and investor Ashton Kutcher. And if you begin your query with a "#" hashtag, you'll be able to quickly find tweets on the topic, such as the "#USMNT" abbreviation for the U.S. national men's soccer team.
Bing also said that it will show you related tweets about a given topic, as well as news about that topic or person that was shared on Twitter.
Microsoft has made Bing a social destination, tapping into a number of social sites including LinkedIn, Yelp, and Facebook. Searching for a particular person, for example, will often bring up a search "card" with biographical information and links to that person's social feeds.
What's less clear, however, is whether or not users will be able to use Bing to plumb the murky depths of historical tweets. One of the problems with Twitter is that, while it has been easy to discover current tweets and trending topics, it's much more difficult to go back to say, the last World Cup four years ago, and re-discover what fans were talking about. And that apparently won't change.
The Bing team, however, implied that "fresh" current events are what it will focus upon. "The central idea behind the approach is that the most interesting content on Twitter can be determined by a combination of a tweet's popularity, its freshness and the authority of the user tweeting it," the company wrote. "We look at a number of signals including tweet quality, retweet count, freshness of tweet, user profile info and verified status, among others. Placing these signals in our model, we serve what we hope are top quality tweets."
A Microsoft spokesman said via email that the announcement "was focused on how Twitter surfaces within Bing."
In 2011, Twitter said it needed just 20 terabytes to back up every tweet in existence to a new data center. In the three years since then, dozens of terabytes have probably been added. The point, though, is that even through the volume of tweets is relatively small in capacity, there is really no good way to sift through the world's archived tweets. Hopefully Bing can change that.
An email was sent out to the entire UCF Greek community banning alcohol from any and all events, effective this Tuesday.
A UCF staff member with the Office of Fraternity and Sorority Life sent out the email to chapter presidents on behalf of the Greek Council, a student-run university panel receiving and reallocating state funds.
The email starts off by saying, “We the leaders of the Greek community are still in the discussion and planning stage of what changes need to be enacted within our community in the aftermath of recent events.”
The recent events refer to the sudden death of Ann Hefferin, a freshman new member of Tri-Delta sorority. Hefferin died after attending a Sigma Chi party for a short time. She was drinking that night, police said, but it's not yet clear what, if any, role alcohol played in her death.
Although the university panel issuing the moratorium receives state funding, no notice of this meeting was sent to the press and Greek leaders KnightNews.com spoke with didn't know a measure this major was going to be discussed and enacted until after it was too late for public comment.
One KnightNews.com reader commented on how what this UCF panel is doing seemed similar to how USC recently handled a situation, which was believed by legal experts to be possibly illegal. Check out that video below, and read more about it here, including a letter from an attorney saying not only could USC have been sued — but also the individuals who enacted what he said was an illegal punishment to groups not accused of wrongdoing.KnightNews.com will continue to follow this story and investigate what jurisdiction and power the panel of students actually has to enforce the rule. Typically, the Office of Student Conduct, consisting of administrators, has the power to restrict the rights of a student or registered student organization, as that office has a clear and vetted due process procedure to follow when doing so.
KnightNews.com will also work to get a comment from Greek Council student leaders about this decision. Check back for updates on this major developing story.
KnightNews.com has published the email sent out to the Greek community on the next page. Click here to read it.
Missouri Republican lawmaker Rick Brattin is fed up with food stamp abuse in his home state. And he's finally doing something extraordinary about it that's ticking off much of the American Left. From Mad World News, in a piece appropriately titled, “Parasites Living The High Life TICKED Over Upcoming Changes To Benefit”:
Some people on food stamps are abusing the system and spending taxpayer-funded money on luxuries they otherwise couldn't afford. This may be coming to a screeching halt, as one lawmaker in Missouri has simply had enough and decided to propose a bill that would limit what recipients can buy with their food stamp benefits. After Missouri Republican Rick Brattin heard a food stamp recipient say, “This is the way I want to live and I don't really see anything changing,” he knew something needed to be addressed. Doing exactly what he sought out to do, Brattin has pushed for legislation that puts restrictions on what food stamps can buy. According to Western Journalism, the bill would ban the purchase with food stamps of “cookies, chips, energy drinks, soft drinks, seafood or steak.” “The intention of the bill is to get the food stamp program back to it's original intent, which is nutrition assistance,” admitted Brattin. When the program allows benefit recipients to buy unhealthy food items, it's not providing those people with the nutrition the program originally intended to provide to needy families. The purpose is to help them survive by assisting with the basics, not providing them with better menu options than the taxpayers that fund the program. If you eat better living off the system, why go back to the workforce? Although seafood and steak are healthy options, much food stamp users have grown accustom to buying luxury food items in this category, like porterhouse steaks or lobster. “My intention wasn't to get rid of canned tuna and fish sticks,” explained Brattin. “I have seen people purchasing filet mignons and crab legs with their EBT cards. When I can't afford it on my pay, I don't want people on the taxpayer's dime to afford those kinds of foods either.” When taxpayers are funding your food and can't afford the steak and lobster you're eating, the system is flawed. Obviously, many liberals are against the new bill Brattin has proposed.
I wrote here about the American Founders' approach to government-funded welfare.
The Founders' welfare system had three basic principles:
1. It should only be for those who truly need it.
The Founders believed government had an obligation to the governed to provide a safety net, but only for those individuals incapable of providing for themselves, like widows, orphans, the elderly, and the mentally and physically handicapped. If you were capable of working, and refused, government owed you nothing.
2. It should be the bare minimum.
The Founders believed that government should provide the basic necessities of life for those who were incapable of providing for themselves, but it would only be the bare minimum. This meant that you would have food to eat and a place to sleep free of charge, but nothing much beyond that. In other words, welfare was not meant to be comfortable.
3. It should be done at the state and local level, NEVER the national.
The Founders believed that the form of government closest to the individual could best take care of the individual if necessary. This meant all welfare would come from the local and state authorities. The national government was too remote and too general to ever be suited to providing welfare. As a result, poor houses, orphanages, and insane asylums were built by local authorities, at public expense. Churches and neighborhoods also gave some relief.
Today, we have completely abandoned the Founders' system.
If you don't believe Modern Liberals are against even the moderate kinds of reforms proposed by Missouri Republican Rick Brattin, just take a look at this piece from The Washington Post, with the deceptive title, “Missouri Republicans are trying to ban food stamp recipients from buying steak and seafood”:
In 2013, Fox News proudly broadcast an interview with a young food stamp recipient who claimed to be using the government benefit to purchase lobster and sushi. “This is the way I want to live and I don't really see anything changing,” Jason Greenslate explained to Fox. “It's free food; it's awesome.” That story fit a longtime conservative suspicion that poor people use food stamps to purchase luxury items. Now, a Republican state lawmaker in Missouri is pushing for legislation that would stop people like Greenslate and severely limit what food stamp recipients can buy. The bill being proposed would ban the purchase with food stamps of “cookies, chips, energy drinks, soft drinks, seafood or steak.” … But seafood and steak? Seafood has been shown, time and again, to be a healthy part of any diet. And steak is such a broad category that it's essentially banning people from buying any flat cuts of beef, from porterhouse to flank. “It just seems really repressive,” said Mark Rank, a professor at Washington University and author of the book Living on the Edge: The Realities of Welfare in America. “I don't see how it makes any sense to ban some of these foods. Fish is something that should really be in your diet. And steak, what does that mean in this context?”
So, don't let yourself be fooled when Modern Liberals tell you that they, too, are interested in curbing food stamp abuse. Their goal is to protect the abuse, not limit it. The only reform they're really interested in is providing more relief to more people, keeping poor people poor and thus increasing dependence on government handouts.
That's the Liberal agenda, and although the Conservative approach is far from perfect, when compared to the American Founders, at least it's a step in the right direction.
If the Left doesn't try to kill it first, of course.
What do you think of this story? Let us know in the comments!
Facebook has greatly reduced the distribution of our stories in our readers' newsfeeds and is instead promoting mainstream media sources. When you share to your friends, however, you greatly help distribute our content. Please take a moment and consider sharing this article with your friends and family. Thank you.
We would like to announce our product update. During January and February we have been going through building up a manufacturing team and moving into a new lab. Now we have a team of 6 people in manufacturing process, which is now in in semi-automatic phase. We are negotiating about possibilities of automatic manufacturing of our production line. That is our goal for this coming time. In a past month we needed to stabilize the manufacturing flow due to increasing orders not just from Czech republic but from entire Europe.
During February we planned that we're going to meet 4-5 weeks in delivery times but we had a couple of interviews in national tv and after that we are at the same delivery time 6-7 weeks even when we're manufacturing over the weekends. In mid March we plan to be able to delivery within 4 weeks max. We are integrating enterprise resource planning system to manage and synchronize all the manufacturing and delivery times of our suppliers. It is a pain to set all required but we are on a right track. Furthermore, we are finishing our lab test for all new ingredients we want to use in our product upgrade, hopefully they will be done this month.
MANA measuring scoop. 67,5 ml/127,5 kcal. We manufactured new measuring scoop, it is exactly half in measurements to previous version. Now 1 serving (meal) = 4 scoops. Whole day = 12 scoops. Hope you like it :)
MANA Lab. We moved into a new space :)! 6 months ago we were in a garage and today we are on 250 square meters. We doubled our space compare to our previous one. Everybody have its own place, and finally we have a space to stock our products and ingredients.
MANA pouches. We updated them as well. As you see on the picture we are manufacturing a third generation. Actually its fourth because official first pouch was a bag from Ikea :-) Previous version had a 1mm white line on the side, and we wanted to be perfect on new ones, so we managed to have them without it. We also updated a color, they are less transparent and richer on grey color.
MANA box. Finally we manufactured a box. Somehow, it was the hardest peace to produce due to manufacturing complications with color type. Box is exactly in a same color as pouches. We hope you like it :)
Shipping. MANA was already shipped to most European countries. Orders and demand is raising dramatically over 200% up each month. We want to let you know that it is our highest priority to serve our best to European market. It is a beautiful journey and we are happy that you are with us!
Thank you
Jakub
Roughly one year ago we shared the plans of a billionaire real estate developer in San Francisco who wanted to build communities for the homeless in Bay Area neighborhoods using stackable steel shipping containers (see: San Fran Billionaire Luanches Plan To House Homeless In Shipping Containers). Not surprisingly, the efforts were met with some resistance from the liberal elites of Santa Clara who, despite their vocal support of any number of federal subsidy programs for low-income families, would prefer that those low-income families, and their subsidies, stay far away from their posh, suburban, "safe places."
Alas, as the San Francisco Chronicle points out today, like it or not, the boom in "micro-houses" is just getting started in the Bay Area with nearly 1,000 tiny homes, with less than 200 square feet of living space, currently being planned in San Francisco, San Jose, Richmond, Berkeley, Oakland and Santa Rosa.
Planners say that's just the beginning. “We're very excited about micro-homes,” said Lavonna Martin, director of Contra Costa County's homeless programs. “They could be a big help. They have a lot of promise, and our county is happy to be on the cutting edge of this one. We're ready.” Contra Costa has a $750,000 federal homelessness grant to pay for 50 stackable micro-units of supportive housing, and Richmond Mayor Tom Butt would like to see them in his city. Developer Patrick Kennedy brought a prototype of his MicroPad unit to Richmond in November, and county and city leaders say they are leaning toward choosing it. “They're very fine, and they make a nice-looking building,” Butt said. “They'd be good for anybody looking for housing.”
The beauty of the tiny units is that they can be built in a fraction of the time it takes to construct typical affordable housing, and at a sliver of the cost, which means a lot of homeless folks can be housed quickly.
The homes have also caught on in San Jose where the City Council just approved $2.4 million to build a village of 40 units to help house the homeless. Of course, just like in Santa Clara, San Jose residents are lashing out at city officials over plans that they say will only serve to increase neighborhood crime.
San Jose resident Sue Halloway told the council she was afraid putting the village near residences would increase “neighborhood crime, neighborhood blight (and) poor sanitation,” and predicted that it would be “a magnet for more homeless.” City Councilman Raul Peralez said he understands such concerns, but that “there are no facts surrounding these tiny homes and whatever blight or crime they might bring, because we haven't done them yet.” “I tell people you really have two options,” said Peralez, who said he wants the village in his downtown district. “You can allow the homeless to live on the streets, or you can provide not only shelter but services in a confined area — with security. In my mind, that's a way better option for managing this community in an organized way.”
So, what do the stackable units look like? As seen in the video below, prototypes from one manufacturer, MicroPad, come complete with full bathrooms and kitchens and have up to 160-180 square feet of living space...
“These micro-homes may seem small at 160 to 180 square feet, but they're actually pretty spacious when you're in them,” she said. “And they go up very fast.” Kennedy's MicroPads have showers, beds and kitchens. Individually they resemble shipping containers, but once they're bolted together with siding and utilities, they look like a regular building.
...which is more or less considered a mansion by struggling New York artist standards...
The perpetrators changed the profile and background of Centcom's Twitter account to show a masked figure with the phrases "I love you ISIS" and "cybercaliphate."
The hack occurred as President Barack Obama prepared to deliver a speech on cybersecurity, the BBC reported.
Centcom confirmed that its Twitter account was "compromised" today in a statement, and said it "is taking appropriate measures to address the matter."
An array of internal military documents and messages from the hackers appeared on Centcom's Twitter account Monday, while previously released Islamic State propaganda videos also appeared on the its official YouTube account.
Hackers purporting to be members or supporters of the Islamic State militant group have hacked social media accounts that belong to the US Central Command (Centcom).
Read more
Hackers purporting to be members or supporters of the Islamic State militant group have hacked social media accounts that belong to the US Central Command (Centcom).
An array of internal military documents and messages from the hackers appeared on Centcom's Twitter account Monday, while previously released Islamic State propaganda videos also appeared on the its official YouTube account.
Centcom confirmed that its Twitter account was "compromised" today in a statement, and said it "is taking appropriate measures to address the matter."
The hack occurred as President Barack Obama prepared to deliver a speech on cybersecurity, the BBC reported.
The perpetrators changed the profile and background of Centcom's Twitter account to show a masked figure with the phrases "I love you ISIS" and "cybercaliphate."
The Twitter account has since been shut down.
One message read "American soldiers, we are coming, watch your back!" next to what appears to be a list of the names and phone numbers of military personnel. Another warned: "We won't stop! We know everything about you, your wives and children."
The hackers allegedly posted a note to Pastebin explaining their reasons for the attack.
"In the name of Allah, the Most Gracious, the Most Merciful, the CyberCaliphate under the auspices of ISIS continues its CyberJihad," the message said. "While the US and its satellites kill our brothers in Syria, Iraq and Afghanistan we broke into your networks and personal devices and know everything about you.
"You'll see no mercy infidels," they wrote. "ISIS is already here, we are in your PCs, in each military base. With Allah's permission we are in CENTCOM now. We won't stop! We know everything about you, your wives and children. US soldiers! We're watching you!"
Two unidentified defense officials told Reuters that while the hack was embarrassing, it did not appear to be a major security threat.
It also appears that most of the "leaked" documents posted to the Centcom Twitter account and featured on Pastebin are already publically available elsewhere and can be accessed through a simple online search. Two diagrams labeled as tactical operations scenarios in China and North Korea look to have be taken from a presentation at the Lincoln Library, the Massachusetts Institute of Technology's think tank.
It is not clear whether the attacks were perpetrated by the same "CyberCaliphate" group that last week took over the Twitter feeds of the Albuquerque Journal newspaper and CBS' Maryland affiliate WBOC-TV on the same day. Identical "I love you ISIS" slogans and images of a figure wearing a kaffiyeh appeared on both accounts on January 6.
Centcom is responsible for planning and conducting US military operations in much of the Middle East and South Asia, including Iraq and Afghanistan.
Follow Liz Fiends on Twitter: @lianzifields
Since we started this blog, we've been exploring how supply chain optimization can aid the decision-making process and bring organizations better results. We have covered a multitude of methods and techniques applied in the pursuit of supply chain excellence, and have discussed some of the most pressing challenges faced by today's business leaders. Today, inspired by our mission to bring the benefits of optimization to society as a whole, we will look at 4 inspiring AIMMS use cases which leverage optimization technology not only for business advancement, but for the greater good.
1. Optimizing the location of Roadside Wellness Centers in Sub-Saharan Africa
More than 70% of all people living with HIV and AIDS live in Sub-Saharan Africa. Mobile populations, such as long distance truck drivers, are particularly at risk of contracting and transmitting the virus. To combat the AIDS pandemic and increase access to health services along major transport corridors in the region, TNT Express and the United Nations World Food Programme joined forces to form North Star Alliance (North Star) – a public-private partnership that has existed since 2007. North Star's approach has been to convert shipping containers into roadside clinics and place them at trucking stops and boarders across Africa. This “containerized approach” allows North Star to produce and deploy clinics quickly in order to meet rising demand for healthcare.
In 2011, North Star developed a new program called POLARIS in close cooperation with ORTEC, a longtime AIMMS partner. POLARIS leverages an AIMMS-based optimization model to determine the optimal location for current and future clinics as well as the number of employees required at each site. To be precise, the program enables North Star to place clinics at a point where the maximum number of truck drivers is able to access it, and to provide a larger continuum of care, so drivers moving along the corridor can reasonably access additional clinics along their route. North Star currently operates 30 Roadside Wellness Centres in 13 countries across Africa. In 2012 alone, the project reached more than a quarter of a million people, making for a great case that illustrates how optimization can be used to tackle pressing global health issues.
2. Evaluating the Impact of the Ukrainian Crisis on Europe's Gas Flow
Another interesting initiative that used AIMMS technology to assess the effect of global events on people's lives is Wood Mackenzie's study of the Ukrainian crisis' impact on Europe's gas flow. About half of European gas imports from Russia transit through Ukraine. Therefore, when the political crisis erupted in the country earlier this year, there were widespread concerns about its possible effects on European gas supply. Wood Mackenzie leveraged its Global Gas Model to tackle this question and evaluate potential market disruptions.
Results showed that North Western Europe would feel minimal effects, as Russia's Nord Stream pipeline supplies much of its gas demand. However, the impact on Easter and Southern European gas flows and prices would be more substantial, with countries such as Greece forced to rely on gas reserves it has in storage. Further scenario analysis also showed that if the disruption were to last over the winter of 2014, the world would see a significant hike in the price of gas. The benefits of the study are thus far-reaching, enabling companies and governments to respond to this challenge in a timely way.
3. Minimizing Flood Risk in the Netherlands
Every year, the Franz Edelman Award recognizes outstanding examples of projects that use advanced analytical methods to transform people's lives. Last year, the prestigious award was granted to a consortium of Dutch organizations specialized on flood control, headed by the Dutch Delta Program Commissioner. The team developed a new calculation method to “calculate the optimal dike heights for protecting the Netherlands against flooding, while minimizing the costs of investment in dikes and the costs associated with damage.” Results from their study determined that it is efficient to limit increased standards to three critical regions: the areas bordering large rivers and the vicinity of Rotterdam and Almere. Having been accepted as the basis for policy by the Dutch minister of Infrastructure and Environment, the project has led to 7.8 billion euro less investment costs while strengthening the country's defense against floods. Besides contributing greatly to the Dutch flood protection program, the method can be used to determine optimal dike heights around the world. With climate change threatening global coastlines, the need for intelligent solutions to mitigate flood risk has never been more urgent.
4. Developing an easier way to plan school rosters
Planning school rosters can be a headache, you have hundreds of students to take into account, multiple classes, dozens of teachers and several constraints. Thousands of schools solve this puzzle manually every year. To help them streamline the process, an AIMMS employee developed Group-it, a program that helps schools calculate the optimal distribution of students per class with the click of a button. The program is currently being used by several schools in the Netherlands and has delivered some pretty neat results. It has made class organization and scheduling easier and has enabled teachers to think about the necessary criteria for class organization in a more structured way. Moreover, it has made it easier for schools to address the criteria for organization more objectively with parents. On the whole, a great example of how optimization can help to solve daily life puzzles for the benefit of all. The projects discussed above are only a few examples of how optimization can be used for the benefit of all. Do you know other initiatives that use advanced analytics and modeling to address pressing global challenges? Do you think there are other areas where optimization would be a valuable tool? Are you looking for help in the development of an optimization model? We'd love to hear from you! Get a roundup of our best supply chain content every month in your inbox! Sign up for our blog digest here.
Imagine a society that supports it most troubled citizens with hope and assistance, rather than reprimanding them for past actions. The idea sounds Utopian, but it is a reality in the town of Gloucester, Massachusetts in the USA.
The town had decided to stop putting all heroin and opioid addicts behind bars and instead is giving each individual a chance to get clean.
Under a policy launched in June, heroin and opioid addicts who voluntarily turn themselves into the police are fast-tracked into treatment services, with the help of police officers, volunteers, and trained clinicians.
They can even hand over drugs and drug paraphernalia to police – no questions asked.
As reported by Fox News, individuals addicted to an illegal substance are NOT charged with a crime and are given an opportunity to fully detox and start anew. All costs are covered by public and private insurances, grants by service providers, and the police department.
As of August 14, 109 addicts had turned themselves into the clinic seeking help. Around 70% are men, and about 16% are from Massachusetts. To ensure all the individuals seeking help are placed in drug treatment, the police department has so far given about $5,000.
This novel initiative is unique in the United States and, of course, not without controversy. Locals are in an argument over just how involved the local police should be in combating the heroin epidemic that has swept through the nation.
But if anything is evident thus far, however, it's that reform is needed.
“It's the next logical step in the so-called war on drugs,” says Gloucester Police Chief Leonard Campanello, a former narcotics officer who launched the effort. “We need to change the conversation.”
The lead prosecutor of Gloucester has warned police that they may lack legal authority to promise addicts help without charging them. In addition, some treatment providers worry the sudden crush of addicts turning themselves in could tax the already-strained system.
Said Chuck Faris, CEO at Spectrum Health Systems, a Massachusetts substance abuse treatment provider that has so far taken in about 35 Gloucester-referred patients: “If several other communities adopted the same practice, it could overwhelm the existing capacity.”
But if these people really need help and are willing to turn themselves in to receive it, shouldn't the ‘system' offer it? It's a very controversial and taboo topic, indeed.
Campanello stresses that building trust with addicts is of the highest importance. To do this, the department has partnered up with pharmacies to provide discounted naloxone, which reverses the effects of heroin overdose. The department is also pressuring federal authorities to designate some of the money seized from drug dealers for rehab.
“I think the question to ask is why is a police department in northeastern Massachusetts placing people into treatment? And if we can, why can't the traditional methods do it?” said Campanello.
The officer hopes to shine a light on the many hurdles faced by addicts who want treatment within the health care industry.
According to the CDC, the heroin-related overdose deaths in America nearly doubled when more than 8,200 people died between 2011 and 2013. Of that number, approximately 939 Massachusetts residents died from heroin or opioid-related overdoses in 2013, and five them hailed from the town of Gloucester.
To assist the Gloucester police, a nonprofit has been set up to support the program and spread the word about the city's efforts with other communities. And the idea is catching on!
“Traditionally, law enforcement has tried to arrest their way out of the problem,” says Dan Langloss, police chief in Dixon, Illinois, who announced this week his department and the county sheriff's office are adopting Gloucester's model starting Sept. 1. “That just doesn't work.”
In other cities, like Seattle, similar approaches are being applied to remedy the crisis; Select officers are allowed to redirect low-level drug and prosecution offenders into treatment, rather than jail.
What are your thoughts on this news? Comment your thoughts below and share this article.
This article (This Massachusetts Town Is Sending Addicts To Rehab, Rather Than Jail) is free and open source. You have permission to republish this article under a Creative Commons license with attribution to the author and TrueActivist.com
Si Kaddour Ben Ghabrit
(1868-1954)
Their children are like our own children. The one who encounters one of his children must give that child shelter and protection for as long as misfortune—or sorrow—lasts.
Amid the contemporary controversies in the Middle East, some stories of Muslims providing shelter to Jews have been forgotten or overlooked. Perhaps the telling and reclaiming of such stories can support new perspectives across lines of ethnic and religious difference, opening possibilities for reconciliation.
One such story involves the heroic efforts of the imam and congregation of the Grande Mosque de Paris during the Nazi occupation of France in World War II. Imam Si Kaddour ben Ghabrit led a mosque-based resistance effort that provided shelter and travel assistance to as many as 1,700 French Jews.
When the German army conquered France, the Grande Mosque de Paris first sheltered resistance fighters and North Africans who had escaped from German POW camps. The Algerian immigrants in the mosque were mostly Berbers, mostly from the Kabylia region. They used their Berber Tamazight dialect to communicate, which made their resistance cells virtually impossible to infiltrate. At the heart of the mosque's resistance work was ben Ghabrit. Ben Ghabrit had three nationalities—Algerian, Moroccan and French—which allowed him to slip in and out of many contexts.
On July 16, 1942, the French Vichy government ordered the Paris police to round up the 28,000 Jews listed on the census the Germans had ordered. Because some police officers leaked word of the sweep only 13,000 Jews, including 4,000 children were seized. Ben Ghabrit produced a tract in Tamazight that was read aloud throughout the immigrant hostels in Paris: “Yesterday at dawn, the Jews of Paris were arrested. The old, the women, and the children. In exile like ourselves, workers like ourselves. They are our brothers. Their children are like our own children. The one who encounters one of his children must give that child shelter and protection for as long as misfortune—or sorrow—lasts.” The Jews captured in the July police raids were shipped off to Auschwitz. Around 1,700 Jews who evaded capture were provided short-term shelter either in the mosque itself or in apartments nearby. Ben Ghabrit set up an alternate system that allowed the Jewish fugitives to hide if the Germans or French police came to the mosque, even if necessary going to the women's prayer room where men were not admitted. The imam wrote many false birth certificates and other forged documents to hide Jewish children under Muslim identities.
After providing initial sanctuary, the members of the mosque helped smuggle the Jews out to safety in Algeria or Spain. Some slipped out through the sewers directly underneath the mosque. Others were able to get out on wine barges down the Seine, hiding in barrels as Kabyl men steered the barges south.
Ben Ghabrit was viewed with suspicion by the German Gestapo. He was brought in for interrogation and threatened, but because the Nazis hoped to gain the support of France's Arab subjects they never did arrest this community leader.
Now as new conflicts stir up hatreds to erase the heroism of people like Si Kaddour ben Ghabrit from memory, perhaps the line from his tract can be an inspiration to call us all to our deeper human oneness and courageous compassion in the face of hatred and violence: “Their children are like our own children.”
Welcome
Since 1981, L.H. Thomson has been a leader in creating aerospace parts and assemblies through CNC precision manufacturing. By focusing on superior quality and innovative manufacturing and engineering, Thomson has established a reputation for making complex parts to the highest standards and specifications set forth by some of the largest companies in the world.
Utilizing lean manufacturing principles, Thomson excels in the manufacture of monolithic commercial aircraft components using aluminum, high temperature alloys, titanium, stainless steel, high nickel materials, magnesium, plastics, copper, and other metals and composites.
We specialize in long term agreements and we are well positioned to handle start-up costs. Thomson makes your part to print, in tolerance, and delivers it on time. Our in house toolroom assures that any fixture and gage can be created at L.H. Thomson – if a tool doesn't exist, we'll create it, just for you.
We would value the opportunity to speak with you about your next project.
JUNE 8--A hotel guest swigging from a liquor bottle while at the pool of a waterfront Florida resort allegedly poured vodka “directly into the eyes and face” of a seven-year-old boy who splashed water near her, according to police.
As detailed in arrest affidavits, Roseanna Marie Kiser, a 33-year-old North Carolina resident, was at the Sheraton Sand Key Resort in Clearwater Monday evening when she tangled with the underage victim.
Kiser, police allege, was intoxicated and “drinking from a vodka bottle” while several young children “were also swimming and playing” in the pool (seen below).
Kiser reportedly became angry at the seven-year-old boy “because he was splashing water near her.” So, cops charge, she “opened her bottle of vodka and poured some of its liquid contents directly into the eyes and face” of the child. Kiser then allegedly grabbed the boy by the chest and pushed him “further away from her into the water in the pool.”
Responding to a 911 call, Clearwater Police Department officers confronted Kiser (pictured above) in her hotel room. After being told multiple times that she was being ejected from the premises by hotel management, Kiser fought with cops, elbowing and kicking officers in the head, neck, and chest,” according to a felony complaint accusing her of resisting an officer with violence.
During the struggle with Kiser, one patrolman was repeatedly kicked in the groin by the suspect. As a result, she was charged with battery on a law enforcement officer, a felony. Kiser is also facing a felony child abuse charge.
Kiser was freed from jail yesterday morning after posting a $12,750 bond.
Court records do not indicate if the boy sustained injuries as a result of the vodka bath. (3 pages)
“I've seen cases where people have fallen out a window,” said Seth Andrews, a Fire Department spokesman. “But 47 stories? I've never heard of anything like this.”
Neighbors of the Morenos in Linden, a working-class community in Union County, recalled the brothers as industrious, family-oriented men who emigrated from Ecuador some years ago. “He was really a good father,” Iwona Roszkowska, 21, said of Edgar, who, with his wife, Rosario, had sons, aged 14 and 7, and a daughter of about 10.
The Moreno home at 1016 Clinton Street is a ranch house with a big backyard, where the family often held barbecues in the summer and frolicked in an above-ground swimming pool. One neighbor, Tessie Smith, 77, said the brothers bought the home six years ago, and that she thought it was worth about $350,000 today.
As city and state investigations into the collapse began, there was no response to numerous calls for comment made to the company that employed the men, City Wide Window Cleaning, with offices in Jamaica, Queens.
Photo
Solow Management Corporation, the building's owner, issued a statement extending sympathy to the workers' relatives and saying it was cooperating with the investigations. But it provided no details about the accident. The company is owned by Sheldon H. Solow, a real estate developer who is a trustee of New York University.
The Solow Tower, erected in 1979, is a 46-story luxury building with 300 apartments ranging from studios to three-bedroom units, some of which rent for more than $7,000 a month. Amenities include 24-hour doormen, as well as concierge and valet service and a health club with a rooftop swimming pool.
Robin Brooks, a spokeswoman for the city's Department of Buildings, said the tower had been cited in 2003 and 2006 for failing to maintain its elevators, and again on Feb. 9 for failing to maintain the rooftop parapet on its east facade. Asked if the parapet problem was related to the scaffold collapse, Ms. Brooks said: “There is an investigation pending. I imagine that is what they are investigating.”
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
No violations for the scaffolding collapse were issued by the Buildings Department, which said in a statement that inspectors from its scaffold safety unit and forensic engineering team had gone to the scene of the accident. But Ms. Brooks said that the scaffold, because of its design, fell under the jurisdiction of the State Department of Labor.
Investigators say the scaffolding, called a swing scaffold, is a built-in feature of the tower, anchored by cables to a circular rooftop track, which allows workers to move the platform so window washers can reach windows around the whole facade.
The scaffold cables are motorized, enabling window washers to move up and down at the press of a button. At the rooftop, investigators say, the cables strung from both ends of the scaffold are threaded through steel arms that reach out over the parapet, like ship's davits, and hold the scaffold in place within arm's reach of the windows that sheathe the building.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
The Moreno brothers arrived at the building shortly before 10 a.m., their usual starting time. They took an elevator to the roof and began preparations for the day's work. Yesterday may have been unusual for the men, investigators said. New cables connecting the scaffold to the track had been installed — or partially installed, investigators said. That was one of their open questions.
Major questions about the new cables remained unanswered, officials said. It was unclear, for example, who had installed them, and when. It was also not clear whether the installation had been adequately completed, or whether some work had been left to the window washers.
Investigators said there was no question that the brothers had not hooked themselves up to their safety harnesses, but it was not clear whether this was negligence or if the men had not had a chance to do so before the accident occurred.
Photo
One police official said the cables were adequately hooked up to the scaffold, but that the brothers apparently were trying to secure them solidly to the beam-track. Somehow, the official said, the cables seem to have come loose from the beam and may have whipsawed as the scaffolding fell, dragging the brothers over the side with it.
It all happened in a moment.
Pedro Nuñez, 32, who was working on the fifth floor of a building across East 66th Street, was a witness.
“I was painting, looking out the window, and I saw the scaffolding come down very fast,” he said. It was just a blur, he said, the scaffold falling so fast he could not make out the men falling with it, and he then heard a roar that resounded in the neighborhood.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
The men came down in a narrow alley between the tower and a six-story brick building next door on East 66th Street.
The scaffolding was shattered, and Edgar Moreno fell on a nine-foot-high wooden fence separating the two properties; his body was severed. Investigators said it was unclear whether Alcides Moreno's fall was broken by contact with some object.
Myrna Manners, a hospital spokeswoman, would not discuss Alcides Moreno's condition, but investigators said his injuries were grave.
Several hours after the accident, glass from an upper-story window that had been shattered by the scaffold fell into the street. Onlookers were cleared from the area, and officials said the window would be replaced. No other injuries were reported in connection with the collapse.
In Linden, Ms. Roszkowska recalled Edgar Moreno as a considerate next-door neighbor. When his family held a big party last summer for his daughter's First Communion, he told her about it and apologized for any noise. “He was always shopping with his kids, walking with them, taking them to the park,” she said.
The neighbor across the street, Ms. Smith, said Mr. Moreno's children attended Saints Mary and Elizabeth Academy, a Catholic school in Linden, and played baseball and soccer. She said she had met Mr. Moreno by chance on Thursday at a store where he bought a phone card for his brother to call his wife.
He noticed she was picking up lottery tickets. She said he smiled and said, “I hope you win it, and if you do, you know where I live.”
Indywood Newsletter View this email in your browser Jazz Fest at Indywood Or "Jazz Fest for Locals" If you're weary of the crowds and the cost of Jazz Fest, come to Indywood this week!
We've teamed up with WWOZ to bring you some great films related to the festival, and we've also programmed some great local documentaries about the musical culture and history of New Orleans.
Check out this trailer we made for our Jazz Fest films: Jazz Fest Trailer THE HARDER THEY COME
Friday, April 24 9:00p
Jimmy Cliff is the first Friday closing act, and that evening Indywood will screen the movie Cliff stars in that gave him worldwide attention. The Harder They Come introduced the world to reggae. The soundtrack to the album was a huge seller, and the movie includes many great cuts from among the best of the classic reggae artists in addition to Cliff's. THE WHOLE GRITTY CITY
Fri-Sun, April 24-26 7:00
For many New Orleans high school students, it's cooler to be in the marching band than on the football team. This is a doc about the power and beauty of New Orleans' marching bands.
Read More
Watch the Trailer STEAMBOAT BILL JR
WITH A LIVE MUSIC SCORE!
Thurs April 30 7:00 & 9:00
Buster Keaton was a genius filmmaker of the silent era. Here's one of his masterpieces, accompanied by LIVE LOCAL MUSIC provided by Sexy Dex and The Fresh (A sex funk band based in Uptown).
Read More
Watch the Trailer MONTEREY POP
Saturday, April 25 9:00p
“The greatest rock film, period.” -WWOZ The 1967 Monterey Pop Festival was the model for all subsequent large rock festivals. This was the first time that a large American audience saw Jimi Hendrix and Janis Joplin. Short interviews and shots of the audience perfectly reveal the hippie ethos of that year's summer of love in the Bay area. FAUBOURG TREME: THE UNTOLD STORY OF BLACK NEW ORLEANS
Mon April 27 9:00, Tues Aril 28 7:00
The Treme is the oldest predominantly black neighborhood in the country. This film tells the neighborhood's rich story.
Read More
Watch the Trailer TOMMY
Wed April 29 10:00
The WHO are playing at Jazz Fest. We gotta show Tommy!
‘Nough said.
Read More
Watch the Trailer MILES DAVIS: ANOTHER KIND OF BLUE
Sunday April 26, 9:00p
When he released "Bitches Brew" in 1970, Miles Davis opened up a new angle to jazz which stirred up emotions like no other record before. It is one of the most examined albums of all time.. To date, "Bitches Brew" is one of the top selling jazz albums of all time. "Miles Electric: A Different Kind of Blue" examines the next step in the creative process...performing these songs live. . THE BLUES ACCORDING TO
LIGHTNIN' HOPKINS
Mon April 27
As part of Indywood's “Indie Legends” series, this is a doc by local legend Les Blank. Blank was a master at capturing the character and culture behind great music. In this doc, he talks and listens to blues master Lightning Hopkins.
Read More
Watch the Trailer WE WON'T BOW DOWN
Fri-Sun, May 1-3 7:00
This is the only doc about the Mardi Gras Indians that is “blessed” by the Indians themselves. It explores their tradition and practice seen through their own eyes.
Read More
Watch the Trailer
Three long years ago, liberals and human rights advocates in China took heart from the idea that basic rights such as freedom of speech might be secured by fighting for the legal application of their country's constitution. In January 2013, just weeks after Xi Jinping offered a hearty defence of the constitution on the occasion of its 30th anniversary, an influential pro-reform journal wrote that “making our constitution real would mean real progress toward political reform.“ Moreover, the journal argued, full and serious implementation would stem rising social discontent by providing basic rights, to be ensured by “related institutional guarantees.”
Today, these constitutional hopes are being turned on their head by the serious application of more ideologically extreme language contained in this “fundamental law of the state,” first adopted on December 4, 1982.
Praising the recent verdicts against four legal rights advocates, all of whom were found guilty of “subversion of the state” in cases stemming from the arrest last year of more than 300 lawyers and activists, an August 6 commentary in the Chinese Communist Party's People's Daily newspaper said:
“Our nation's constitution points out in a clear-cut manner, that, ‘The Chinese people must carry out struggle against domestic and foreign hostile forces and hostile elements that antagonise and damage our country's socialist system.'”
The deployment against human rights activists of this constitutional passage about “hostile forces” is a sobering reminder of a contradiction that lies deep in the political DNA of the Chinese Communist Party — the notion that the flesh-and-blood people of China are ruptured into two struggling camps: those who willingly submit to the will of the Party, and those “enemies” who oppose “the people” and the “socialist transformation.”
This idea has its origins in Mao Zedong's infamous February 1957 speech on “internal contradictions among the people,” a shrill call to arms that urged ahead the Anti-Rightist Movement, sentencing millions of writers, artists, teachers and journalists to “re-education through labour” and other forms of punishment.
In his speech, which came to light only months later, Mao Zedong spoke of the need to “clearly distinguish between ourselves and the enemy, between right and wrong.” According to Mao's diabolical calculus, basic human rights were denied opponents of the regime, burnishing, meanwhile, its democratic credentials:
Right now we talk about the system of democratic centralism, and this system is only applied within the purview of the people. So long as they are not enemies, they are the people, and within this purview there can be no question of dictatorship. The people cannot rule over themselves as dictators, because these people enjoy freedom of expression, freedom of assembly, freedom of association and freedom of procession and demonstration. These are written in the [1954] constitution.
Quoting the constitutional passage about “hostile forces,” the August 6 People's Daily commentary argues that it is the “constitutional duty” of every Chinese “citizen,” or gongmin (公民), to protect national security. We should note, however, that the “hostile forces” passage refers not to citizens but to “the people” — and as many an official website can tell you:
The citizen is a legal concept, referring to anyone with nationality in our country. The people is a political concept, opposed to the idea of the enemy, and any class, group or social community that protects socialism and the integrity of the motherland falls within the scope of the people.
The term “hostile forces,” or didui shili (敌对势力), which rose to prominence in China during the political struggles of 1959, is a catchall phrase for the Party's enemies, both internal and external, and a prime example of what my colleague, China Media Project director Qian Gang (钱钢), has called “aggressive discourse.”
An August 6 commentary on “hostile forces” in the People's Daily.
Phrases of this kind — which include the likes of “westernised division,” or the idea of a grand conspiracy to destroy China through westernisation of its culture and institutions — are the bullets and bombshells of Chinese political discourse. They crop up with greater intensity in times of real or perceived vulnerability for the Chinese Communist Party.
For example, historical peaks for “hostile forces” in the People's Daily include the aftermath of the violent crackdown on democracy protests in June 1989, and the suppression of the Falun Gong spiritual movement in 1999. Like other aggressive terminologies, “hostile forces” can be deployed against unspecified foreign enemies, or against domestic enemies both inside and outside the Party. At his recent trial, human rights activist Zhai Yanmin (翟岩民) turned the phrase on himself, stating in court that he now understood that he had been hoodwinked by false and dangerous ideas.
I willingly come forward that I may serve as an example, that my profound lesson will alert others and open their eyes, that they may see clearly the repulsive features of the external hostile forces, and of domestic persons with ulterior motives. They must not be deceived by the so-called ‘democracy,' ‘human rights' and the ‘public welfare' they put on parade, leading them to criminal behaviour.
Speaking to the New York Times after the trial, Zhai's wife disavowed his supposed confession. “What I heard was not what my husband would say,” she said.
Nor, in fact, did Zhai's confession accord with the character of much of China's constitutional language. Are citizens supposed to forget that the constitution was amended to include the term “human rights” in March 2004, at roughly the time that China's rights defence movement was picking up steam?
That the class struggle DNA of China's constitution should be exploited so openly today is a further sign of the extreme nature of the current political environment.
Even within the Chinese Communist Party, the question of “judicial enforcement of China's constitution” (中国宪法司法化) — how, in other words, to give legal force to the rights it purports to guarantee — has been a longstanding issue taken seriously by legal scholars, and the “fiercely political” nature of much of the document's language has been regarded generally as an impediment to be cleared away through the course of legal development.
For example, this 2010 piece in the People's Tribune, a journal published by none other than the People's Daily, puts political jargon at the top of its list of issues afflicting the constitution:
First of all, judging from the text of the constitution itself, we note that content of a political and programmatic nature predominates. Many principles and much content have been politicised and sloganised (口号化).
Despite Xi Jinping's professed interest in “rule of law” as a guiding force in China, all bets are off where meaningful legal reform is concerned, and there is no better illustration of this than the crackdown on rights lawyers. Even basic ideas long accepted in principle by the Chinese Communist Party, such as “judicial independence,” are now off limits.
The wave of pro-reform constitutional fervour that came in the wake of Xi Jinping's rise to power now seems a distant memory of self-delusion.
Out of curiosity, however, I decided to reach back into the past to uncover the last time the “hostile forces” language of China's constitution had been actively deployed in China's media as an argument against dissident views or activity.
Peeling back the layers, year after year, through both the Baidu and Google search engines, I could find nothing — no reference whatsoever outside of full-text offerings of the constitution itself. I turned to the People's Daily, back beyond the Beijing Olympics, beyond SARS and the Sun Zhigang affair, through the era of Jiang Zemin, past Deng Xiaoping's southern tour, that watershed event that accelerated economic development in China.
Then, finally, there it was:
Faced with their offensive, we have no choice and no route of escape. The only way is to answer with resolute blows, fulfilling the sacred responsibility bequeathed to us by our country's constitution, [which says] ‘The Chinese people must carry out struggle against domestic and foreign hostile forces and hostile elements that antagonise and damage our country's socialist system.' Good people, we must be on the alert, our eyes open and clear, and we must resolutely struggle against the reactionary few!
The piece was called “What Does It Tell Us That Serious Incidents Have Occurred in Some Cities?” It appeared at the bottom of the front page, beside another commentary called “There Must Be No Interference in China's Internal Affairs.”
The day was June 14, 1989.
BRITISH boxer Amir Khan has sacked his dad, uncle and best mate from his management team after a bitter family feud.
His manager dad Shah, consultant uncle Taz and lifelong pal Saj Mohammed who worked as his assistant will no longer help manage his career.
Getty Images 3 Amir Khan's dad Shah has been ever present in his amateur and professional fights - but the boxer says he now wants a 'family not business relationship'
Pixel8000 3 ITV This Morning exclusive interview with Amir Khan and wife Faryal Makhdoom Khan over their recent family rows and his sex tape leak
Reuters 3 Amir Khan was knocked out last time in his first ever fight at middleweight against Canelo Alvarez
The Olympic silver medallist and former world light-welterweight champion has made the decision after a bust-up involving his wife Faryal Makhdoom, who faced criticism from his family members.
Shah has been in his son's corner throughout his amateur and professional career, famously donning a Union Jack waistcoat at Athens 2004.
The Bolton boxer told Mirror Online: "My dad is not going to be negotiating fights.
"I love my family to bits, but my business is boxing and I'll have a different team to do that.
"My dad, my mum, I respect them. I want a family relationship with them rather than a business relationship. They'll be at my next fight, hopefully. I will invite them.
"When you mix the two it can get a bit difficult. That's why I want to keep them separate."
RELATED STORIES 'SHE'S PARANOID' Amir Khan's wife Faryal 'keeping tabs' on boxer at all times as she 'lives in fear of fresh sex tape leak' 'CAN'T WAIT TO DECORATE!' Amir Khan's wife reveals plans for 'new UK home' as she goes furniture shopping amid family feud FIGHTING FIT The lowdown on Amir Khan's wife Faryal Makhdoom... 'HE DIDN'T EVEN SAY CONGRATS' Amir Khan's younger brother reveals 'bitter disappointment' after boxing champion snubbed his wedding following vicious family feud Exclusive BRING IT ON Danny Garcia admits he is open to Amir Khan rematch... but claims Brit needs to 'rebuild his confidence' first Exclusive 'THEY COULD'VE AT LEAST TRIED' Amir Khan's wife claims she wasn't even INVITED to boxer's brother's wedding
Khan was knocked out in his last fight after moving up divisions to face Mexican middleweight champion Canelo Alvarez.
Since then his New York-born wife Faryal has had a very public social media spat with his relatives, and an embarrassing old sex tape leaked in public.
Now Khan wants a comeback fight in the UK in May before a possible long-awaited clash with IBF champ and bitter domestic rival Kell Brook.
We pay for your stories! Do you have a story for The Sun Online news team? Email us at tips@the-sun.co.uk or call 0207 782 4368
Microsoft is joining Google and Amazon in the race for your home. This week, at an event in China, the venerable tech giant trumpeted the arrival of Project Evo, a sweeping plan to build hardware devices that work a lot like Google Home or the Amazon Echo.
But this race is much bigger than some gadgets that sit on your coffee table. It's a race not only for the hearts and minds of consumers, but for a world of business customers, too. The prize is more than just the best home digital assistant. The biggest spoils go to the company that rides its assistant to artificial brains that are far smarter—and creates a market for using these brains to do just about anything.
Google, Amazon, and Microsoft are all racing to build systems that recognize and truly understand natural language—how you and I talk. If they can put this technology not only in your living room, but in your pocket and elsewhere, they can become the hub of everything you do online. Google wants to retain its central role in your life. Amazon hopes to move well beyond online shopping. And Microsoft doesn't want to be left out.
But as these companies develop services for speech recognition and natural language understanding, they're also using many of the same underlying technologies—loosely called deep learning—to build all sorts of artificial intelligence. They will slip this AI into their own apps, and offer it to a world of other companies via cloud computing services so that these companies can build AI into their own apps. In the years to come, AI cloud services may wind up as the biggest business for these three tech giants.
Multiple Futures
Project Evo is a way of bootstrapping all these opportunities. It's a way of showcasing Microsoft's AI talents and pointing coders and companies toward the AI cloud services of Microsoft Azure. More importantly, it's way of gathering data that can advance the development of future AI technologies. How you talk to Evo will inform how other AI services will operate. Deep neural networks learn by analyzing vast amount of data, and to reach true natural language understanding, they need far more data than a company like Microsoft now has.
"This is just the beginning," Chris Stone, the engineering director at Acquia, which helps businesses build online services. "These companies can learn what it takes to build a conversational UI and then implement that across everything else they do. That is what they are doing."
This is certanly what Amazon is doing. The Echo's digital assistant is called Alexa. And last week, Amazon unveiled the cloud computing service Lex, which lets anyone build conversational bots using the technology underpinning Alexa. The more services coders build for Alexa, the more consumers will find devices like the Echo useful. At the same time, Amazon wants to nudge coders and companies toward Amazon Web Services, its sweeping collection of cloud services.
Microsoft, meanwhile, missed out on the smartphone market and social networking. Its Bing search engine trails Google by a wide margin. But the company is strongly positioned to benefit from the virtuous circle formed by digital assistants, AI, and the cloud. It was the first big player to move speech recognition toward deep neural networks, a form of machine learning that has rapidly advanced the field in recent years. This fall, Microsoft released a paper claiming that its speech recognition has reached parity with humans. Though the research comes with caveats, it represents the current state of the art, at least among publicly available work.
These technologies already have played into its voice-driven Cortana smartphone assistant and its forays into text-powered chatbots. Granted, Cortana isn't nearly as widely used as Google's voice-driven assistant or Apple's Siri. And its chatbot is most famous for producing a Twitter bot that ended up spewing racism. But as Google has shown, the technologies underpinning these services play right into conversational devices for the coffee table.
Yes, Project Evo trails Echo and Home, placing Microsoft in a familiar spot. Amazon was the first to market, and developers are building services for the Echo. Just this week, Google announced it will tie Home into third party services. But Microsoft is better positioned to compete here than it has been in other markets. It is competitive in AI as well as in the cloud. And it has a voice-powered platform that can feed those services both customers and data.
Amazon and Google also have the elements needed to benefit from this virtuous circle. The living room, AI, and the cloud will define the field of competition in the coming years. Success in any one of the will drive success in the other two. It's a battle for multiple futures.
Julian Assange has said (video) that WikiLeaks is preparing to publish 1m new secret government documents as he marked six months of refuge in the Ecuadorean embassy in London with a speech from its balcony on Thursday.
The WikiLeaks founder has remained in the embassy to avoid arrest and extradition to Sweden on suspicion of sexual offences. There is a permanent police guard and Assange will be arrested if he leaves the premises.
About 80 supporters gathered on Thursday night to hear Assange speak. They carried candles and held placards reading, "Don't shoot the messenger" and "Don't trust Sweden". Some sang Christmas carols as they waited for Assange to speak from the first floor balcony, a short distance from Harrods department store. There were 60 additional police officers on duty.
Assange emerged with a raised fist and greeted the crowd: "What a sight for sore eyes. People ask what gives me hope. The answer is right here."
He was momentarily disturbed when a journalist from Channel 4 shouted questions at him with a loudhailer, but he recovered and delivered a 15-minute speech which was high in rhetoric and low in novelty.
"Six months ago I entered this building. It has become my home, my office and my refuge. Thanks to the principled stance of the Ecuadorean government and the support of its people, I am safe in this embassy and safe to speak from this embassy," he said.
Assange said that as long as the US government sought to persecute him and the Australian government refused to support him, he had no choice but to remain in the Ecuadorean embassy.
He said he was willing to negotiate with anyone. "However, the door is open, and the door has always been open, for anyone who wishes to use standard procedures to speak to me or guarantee my safe passage," he said.
Assange said attempts to prosecute him were an attack on freedom of speech before stepping back into the embassy.
Time Blades, 40, one of Assange's supporters, said that he had been coming to the embassy to show his support for the WikiLeaks founder since August.
"I come in defence of freedom of speech and to defend the right of Julian Assange to have asylum granted to him by a sovereign and independent country. This cannot go on for ever. The British government has to permit safe access to Ecuador for Julian Assange. This will only happen as a result of diplomatic pressure and the people pressure," he said.
Ana Alban, the Ecuadorean ambassador, said in a statement that his government continued to support Assange.
AT&T Might Hate Title II For Broadband, But Is Happy To Use It For Millions In Refunds
AT&T just won an FCC proceeding against two smaller companies that were illegally charging them fees they should not have been. And while the telecom giant is poised to pick up a few million in refunds, that's not the interesting part. This is: the section of law that worked out in AT&T's big giant favor? That'd be exact same Title II that they claim will ruin internet business for everyone.
Ars Technica noticed the ruling. It's a little bit on the arcane legal side, but the gist is this: AT&T complained that two companies, Great Lakes Comnet and Westphalia Telephone Company, were illegally billing AT&T for certain interstate network connection charges. The FCC looked at the case and agreed with AT&T, which will now get some amount of refund on the millions it paid GLC and WTC.
In this instance, Title II regulation explicitly protected AT&T. Specifically, section 201 of Title II of the Communications Act, which requires that “all charges, practices, classifications, and regulations … shall be just and reasonable,” and that any unjust or unreasonable charge is therefore unlawful.
That's the same part of the Act — or one of the same parts — that AT&T, among others, is now furious to see being applied to broadband service. Because now broadband customers, including businesses, will be able to complain to the FCC if they feel AT&T (or others) is charging unjust or unreasonable rates for some aspect of broadband service.
It's far from the first time AT&T has benefited from having a service classified as Title II, while hypocritically continuing to decry it as the end of the internet. In other words, common carrier status on all of AT&T's non-broadband services hasn't actually ruined the company, and has in fact proven a significant boon in some ways.
That, of course, will not stop AT&T, and other major cable and telecom ISPs, from strenuously fighting against the new application of Title II to broadband.
AT&T is using the Title II rules it hates to get millions in refunds [Ars Technica]
A member of the ownCloud security team has sent a request to Canonical asking them to remove all the packages from their repositories regarding this software stack. The problem is that things are not that simple.
One of the big issues with the Ubuntu repositories, in particular "universe," is that they're full of old and unmaintained versions. This is a repository where anyone cares be a maintainer and it's mainly used for applications that are not supported officially.
What happens is that a user becomes a maintainer for a particular package, which basically means that he updates that package on a regular basis, or at least he should. Stuff happens, the packages are no longer maintained, and Ubuntu users get to use some really old versions. The same happened with ownCloud. The version being offered in the repos was full of security issues and it posed a real problem to end users.
ownCloud asked and Canonical refused, at first
It might seem like a trivial matter to remove something from a repository, but it's not that simple. Lukas Reschke from ownCloud has tried to explain the situation in a message to a mailing list.
"On behalf of the ownCloud project I'm requesting that 'ownCloud server' is removed from the Ubuntu packages: http://packages.ubuntu.com/trusty/owncloud (including all versions) - Let's hope that this is finally the right ML for this kind of request. These packaged versions are all vulnerable to multiple critical security bugs and no security fixes have been backported."
On the other side, Canonical's Marc Deslauriers has explained that it's not possible to remove something from the "universe" repositories and has revealed which some of the options available to the ownCloud people are. Unfortunately, all the solutions proposed will make the ownCloud devs work quite a lot to create updated packages for older releases, backport fixes to the versions that already shipped, or create package updates that remove all functionality (empty package). The last one should be considered a last resort.
As it was to be expected, Lukas Reschke didn't agree with the solutions, because ownCloud's people don't have the time to be both developers for a software stack that runs on multiple distros and maintainers for a specific one.
"If there is anything I can do to have this resolved on another way without investing hours to fix packages: I'm open for any suggestion. - I do not really want to add a warning to our installation guide, but is this the only way to protect our users I'll do it."
For now, the issue has yet to be resolved entirely. Marc Deslauriers has removed the ownCloud packages from the Ubuntu 14.10 repositories, but that was easy because that system is not out yet. What will happen with the repository for Ubuntu 12.04 LTS, which is still a supported distro, remains to be seen.
A suspect has been taken into custody on Staten Island after police say he ran a black Nissan over a NYPD officer's foot.The incident happened Saturday evening on Stafford Avenue and Carlton Boulevard. Police approached the Nissan Maxima and asked the driver for license and registration. Police then determined the driver of the vehicle had his license suspended. When officers asked the driver to get out of the car, he refused.The driver then put his car in gear, and as the car began to move, the car drove over one of the officer's foot. The suspects stopped the car a short distance later, and then fled on foot.One suspect was apprehended nearby, and the second suspect was found behind a home on 235 Shotwell Avenue in Annandale. He was arrested, and charges are currently pending.The officer was taken to Staten Island University Hospital with a minor injury.
Already deeply divisive, America's campaign for president is quickly devolving into an ugly fight over who has treated women worse: Donald Trump, whose White House bid is floundering, or former President Bill Clinton, who isn't on the ballot.
Trump's campaign is now openly signaling it will spend the election's final month relitigating Bill Clinton's marital affairs and unproven charges of sexual assault, as well as his wife and Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton's unverified role in intimidating the women who were involved. But Trump is a deeply imperfect messenger, given that his attacks on the Clintons' treatment of women are being overshadowed by a flood of allegations that he kissed and groped women without their consent.
The New York Times and the Palm Beach Post on Wednesday reported stories about three women who alleged Trump had inappropriately touched them. Separately, a People Magazine reporter wrote a detailed first-person account of being attacked by Trump while interviewing the businessman and his wife, Melania Trump.
Trump today took to Twitter to denounce the Times story as a "total fabrication,'' and to assert that the incident cited by People "did not happen.''
The stories come less than a week after the publication of a 2005 recording in which the Republican nominee boasted of using his fame to kiss and grab women.
Taken together, the revelations about Trump and his counter programming about Bill Clinton have plunged an already rancorous campaign to new lows. The real estate mogul has also aggressively charged that Hillary Clinton not only needs to be defeated in November, but also "has got to go to jail.'' His campaign is also facing questions about ties to Russian interests accused of hacking Democratic groups, as well as the hacking of a top Clinton adviser's emails.
For Trump, the cumulative effect of his brazen strategy appears to be a tumble in the battleground states he needs to win in November. What was already a narrow path to the 270 Electoral College votes needed for victory is virtually indiscernible for Trump unless there's a significant shakeup in the race between now and Nov. 8
Rather than trying to make up ground by shifting attention back to issues like trade that have energized Trump backers and could appeal to new voters, the Republican campaign appears to be moving swiftly to make Bill Clinton's past a centerpiece of the campaign.
Building on Trump's decision to bring three Bill Clinton accusers to last week's presidential debate, the Republican nominee is expected to have the women appear with him on stage at rallies and do television interviews, according to a person briefed on the plan but not authorized to discuss it publicly.
Trump supporters are also confronting Hillary Clinton with the accusations about her husband. Multiple Clinton rallies were interrupted this week by hecklers shouting "Bill Clinton is a rapist.'' Earlier this week, right-wing radio host Alex Jones offered to pay US$5,000 to anyone who can be heard on television shouting about the former president and wearing a "Bill Clinton rape'' T-shirt.
Bill Clinton never faced any criminal charges over the allegations, and a lawsuit over an alleged rape was dismissed. He did settle a lawsuit with one of the women who claimed harassment.
Former Trump senior adviser Michael Caputo said the businessman's only way to win is to "go nuclear'' on the Clintons.
"There's no way Trump can do anything positive to earn back women,'' Caputo said. "The only way he can stave off the bleeding is to drag them into parity.''
But it's unclear whether Trump's strategy is even aimed at winning the election at this point.
Hillary Clinton, who is on pace to become America's first female president if her lead holds, has tried to stay above the fray.-AP
 from Truthout
The Freeh report makes clear that there was a concerted attempt to cover up the acts of a serial predator, Jerry Sandusky, while willfully disregarding the welfare of the children he abused. Given the reporting of the last year, much of this is not news, though the report makes clear the nature and depth of the cover-up, while providing some important new details. While the Freeh report reveals that the cover-up at the top of the Penn State administration "was an active agreement to conceal," it raises further questions about how the justice system works in this country when it comes to prosecuting the rich and powerful who sink more and more into a bottomless pit of corruption and moral irresponsibility. At his press conference, Louis J. Freeh, when asked if criminal charges should be brought against a number of people, including former President Spanier, replied that "it's up to others to decide whether that's criminal." While Freeh's reply suggest he is acting cautiously given that some of the people who hired him may be indicted, he unknowingly touches on another related and important issue. That is, justice in America works primarily for the rich and powerful and against the poor and marginalized. And that Freeh's response or equivocation reveals what is well known - the rich and powerful rarely get prosecuted for their crimes or what The Economist has called "the rotten heart of finance." Just ask the CEOs who run Barclays, JPMorgan Chase, Citibank, GlaxoSmithKline, and so it goes.
Let's be clear, what is on trial here is not simply those who colluded to protect the reputation of a storied football program and the reputation of Penn State University, but a society governed by radicalized market-driven values, a survival of the "fittest" (or most ruthless) ethic and an unregulated drive for profit-making regardless of the human and social costs. This is an ethic that now renders many children and young people as disposable, refusing to acknowledge its responsibility to future generations while creating the social, economic and political conditions in which the pain and suffering of young people simply disappears. As a number of recent banking scandals reveal, big money and the institutions it creates now engage unapologetically in massive criminal behavior and corruption, but the individuals who head these corporations extending from JPMorgan Chase Bank to Barclays are rarely prosecuted.
The message is clear. Once again, crime pays for the rich and powerful. We can only understand what happened to the young victims at Penn State if we also acknowledge what recently was revealed about the criminal actions against children exhibited by GlaxoSmithKline. In this instance, Glaxo illegally marketed Paxil to children, gave kickbacks to doctors and made false claims about the drug even though "one major clinical trial found "that teens who took the drug for depression were more likely to attempt suicide than those receiving placebo pills." Penn State and Glaxo are symptomatic of a much larger shift in the culture and the relations of power that shape it.
Rather than representing a society's dreams and hope for the future, young people, especially poor white and minority children, have become commodities to be mined for profit and/or pleasure and disposable after they have served those purposes in the age of casino capitalism and big money. It is crucial that the American public combine the kind of institutional abuse we see at Penn State, GlaxoSmithKline and Barclays with the values and relations of power that are responsible for a society in which 53 percent of college graduates are jobless, social provisions for young people are being slashed, corporations get tax deductions while state governments eliminate vital public services and students assume a massive debt because it is easier for the federal government to fund wars and invest in prisons rather than in public and higher education.
Connect these dots and Penn State becomes only one shameful and corrupt marker in a much larger scandal that reveals an ongoing and aggressive war on youth. Everywhere we look, young people are under siege. Twenty percent of young people live in poverty and over 42 percent live in low-income homes. Young people now find themselves in debt, jobless, incarcerated or unemployed. Stories about young people being denied the right to vote, being abused in juvenile detention centers, taking on jobs that pay the minimum wage or worse living at home with their parents while unemployed and facing a bleak future rarely seem to arouse the concerns of the American public or its governing politicians. All the while, the ruling corporate and financial elite use their power to punish those marginalized by class, race and ethnicity - slashing social benefits, increasing tuition, refusing to abolish punitive bankruptcy laws, denigrating young people as lazy and refusing overall to invest in their future. The Penn State scandal has to be understood within a broader political, economic, and cultural landscape. Not only is it symptomatic of a growing culture of cruelty, hyper-masculinity, big money, big sports empires, corporate power, academic illiteracy, and the unchecked power of the privileged elite, but also as part of a larger war on youth, public values, and the democratic mission of the university and any other non-commodified public sphere.
Until we understand how the larger culture of political, institutional and economic corruption abuses young people, rewards the rich and destroys democracy, Penn State will become a side show that will simply distract from the real issue of what constitutes child abuse in America. The scandal of Penn State has become the scandal of America.
_______
About author Henry A. Giroux currently holds the Global TV Network Chair Professorship at McMaster University in the English and Cultural Studies Department. His most recent books include: Youth in a Suspect Society (Palgrave, 2009); Politics After Hope: Obama and the Crisis of Youth, Race, and Democracy (Paradigm, 2010); Hearts of Darkness: Torturing Children in the War on Terror (Paradigm, 2010); The Mouse that Roared: Disney and the End of Innocence (co-authored with Grace Pollock, Rowman and Littlefield, 2010); Zombie Politics and Culture in the Age of Casino Capitalism (Peter Lang, 2011); Henry Giroux on Critical Pedagogy (Continuum, 2011). His newest books: Education and the Crisis of Public Values (Peter Lang) and Twilight of the Social: Resurgent Publics in the Age of Disposability (Paradigm Publishers) will be published in 2012). Giroux is also a member of Truthout's Board of Directors. His website is Henry A. Giroux currently holds the Global TV Network Chair Professorship at McMaster University in the English and Cultural Studies Department. His most recent books include: Youth in a Suspect Society (Palgrave, 2009); Politics After Hope: Obama and the Crisis of Youth, Race, and Democracy (Paradigm, 2010); Hearts of Darkness: Torturing Children in the War on Terror (Paradigm, 2010); The Mouse that Roared: Disney and the End of Innocence (co-authored with Grace Pollock, Rowman and Littlefield, 2010); Zombie Politics and Culture in the Age of Casino Capitalism (Peter Lang, 2011); Henry Giroux on Critical Pedagogy (Continuum, 2011). His newest books: Education and the Crisis of Public Values (Peter Lang) and Twilight of the Social: Resurgent Publics in the Age of Disposability (Paradigm Publishers) will be published in 2012). Giroux is also a member of Truthout's Board of Directors. His website is www.henryagiroux.com
PARIS (Reuters) - Energy drink Red Bull appeared in its original recipe in France's shops for the first time on Tuesday, implementing European regulations that say it should be put on sale in the absence of proof that it is harmful.
The drink had been banned in France for twelve years due to health authorities' concerns about unknown consequences of the ingredient taurine, a chemical forbidden in several countries.
Until now a modified version of the drink, containing caffeine but not taurine, was on sale in France.
The French government was forced to legalize the drink because European Union regulations state that a product made or sold in other EU countries cannot be banned unless a health risk is proven, France's food safety agency said on their website.
The health authority nonetheless remained skeptical about Red Bull's safety, given the high levels of taurine and caffeine, suspected of causing “neurophysiological problems”.
“The agency considered that the safety of use was not guaranteed. In addition, the nutritional value could not be demonstrated,” the agency said, summarizing several of its analyses carried out on the drink since 2001.
It added that it suspected the drink lessens the impression but not the effects of drunkenness when consumed with alcohol.
France's health minister Roselyne Bachelot, who had in June expressed “serious reservations” about Red Bull, has asked that the drink be kept under surveillance, and that the public be informed of the possible undesirable effects of the drink.
Austria-based Red Bull agreed that health warnings indicating the drink's high caffeine content, recommending moderate consumption, and advising against consumption by pregnant women and children, would feature on cans.
One feature of the cans that went on sale on Tuesday was a logo advertising the product's unique selling point: “taurine formula”.
NEW YORK, New York — On a hot Friday afternoon, a herd of customers flanks both sides of the food cart, waiting on their South Indian fare. The phone rings loudly with takeout orders. Yet New York food vendor Thiru Kumar calmly shuffles between tasks, giving everyone due attention.
Better known as the Dosa Man, Kumar opened his tiny world-renowned cart, NY Dosas (a dosa is a South Indian crepe), in 2001. Soon he amassed a cult following; local and international patrons visit year-round to buy his inexpensive and flavorful street eats. His accolades are many: Listed in 42 countries' guidebooks, his was the first vegan dosa cart in the world. He has fan clubs in California and Japan.
Today he serves crunchy, oily samosas stuffed with vegetables and potatoes. Hungry patrons chat while waiting in a long line; kids play in the park as cars zoom by, horns and sirens blaring. The frenzied pace is typical at the cart's southwest corner location of Washington Square Park, where Kumar has parked since opening.
He talks of his life over the din of the city:
He's from Jaffna, Sri Lanka.
Little potato and one samosa, boss?
He learned to cook from his mother and grandmother.
Mild? Spicy?
His first experiences cooking were for their family of six brothers and one sister — where he sometimes stole second helpings for himself, he laughs.
Samosa dosa, OK.
'Serial Stowaway' Marilyn Hartman arrested in Florida
Marilyn Hartman, 62, allegedly sneaked aboard a Southwest Airlines flight from San Jose to Los Angeles on Monday, Aug. 4, 2014, before being arrested upon arrival. Authorities say she has a history of trying to sneak onto flights at San Francisco International Airport. less Marilyn Hartman, 62, allegedly sneaked aboard a Southwest Airlines flight from San Jose to Los Angeles on Monday, Aug. 4, 2014, before being arrested upon arrival. Authorities say she has a history of trying to ... more Photo: San Mateo County Sheriff Photo: San Mateo County Sheriff Image 1 of / 4 Caption Close 'Serial Stowaway' Marilyn Hartman arrested in Florida 1 / 4 Back to Gallery
The 63-year-old “Serial Stowaway” who has repeatedly been jailed for security transgressions at SFO and other airports has run afoul of the law again, this time with an arrest in Florida.
The circumstances of Marilyn Hartman's arrest were unclear, but a spokesman for the Nassau County Sheriff's Office confirmed that she was in custody and was being held on suspicion of identity theft, “swindling or defrauding an innkeeper for more than $300” and trespassing. Local media reports from Florida indicate she may have been using a fake identification card to stay in a luxury resort before being arrested.
Hartman has seen her share of trouble with West Coast law enforcement agencies in the recent past, being taken into custody or arrested nearly a dozen times after trying to sneak onto airplanes or access secure airport areas, police have said. In August, she sneaked onto a plane from Mineta San Jose International Airport, but she was arrested when she landed at Los Angeles International Airport, according to authorities.
After that arrest, Hartman told the media that she was drawn to airports because she was homeless and they were safer than the streets.
“I have been in some pretty awful situations,” she said. “Ironically, I'm a student of the '60s, when they had sit-ins, and I viewed myself more as a sit-in at the airport to make a point, (and it) got out of control.”
She was arrested again just a few weeks later, this time at Sky Harbor International Airport in Phoenix for allegedly trying to get past security and then loitering in a baggage claim area.
Hartman has no known family, and each time she has been taken into custody she has declined to fill out emergency contact information, said Steve Wagstaffe, San Mateo County's district attorney.
After one of Hartman's Northern California arrests, she was referred to a residential program offering treatment for people with mental illness, but she checked out of the facility twice, Wagstaffe said.
“She didn't like it. It has rules,” Wagstaffe said. “She walked away.”
It was unclear what charges Hartman could face in Florida, but an update on her status was expected Tuesday.
Kale Williams is a San Francisco Chronicle staff writer. E-mail: kwilliams@sfchronicle.com
Angela Merkel has for the first time signalled that there may be some leeway on negotiating the free movement of people with Britain post-Brexit, in exchange for upholding tariff-free trade between Britain and the European Union.
Making it clear that the European Union (EU) would not divide the so-called ‘four freedoms' – the movement of capital, goods, people and services – in order to allow Britain tariff-free access while ending immigration, the German Chancellor nonetheless conceded there could be discussions on the “framework of the free movement of people”, the International Business Times have reported.
Speaking at a meeting of Germany's BDA employers association on Tuesday, Merkel said: “Were we to make an exception for the free movement of people with Britain, this would mean we would endanger principles of the whole internal market in the European Union, because everyone else will then want these exceptions.”
However, on the finer detail of defining the free movement of people, she said: “I personally am of the view that we will have to discuss further with the [European] commission when this freedom of movement applies from.”
As an example, she raised the scenario of those who travel from Eastern to Western Europe to work for only a short period of time, yet are eligible to claim lifelong welfare benefits. “Then I see a question about which we must talk again,” she said.
“Free movement applies to me in the sense that the employee himself earns the money he needs for himself and his family in the other member state.
“The question of when lifelong guarantees come into effect according to the social standard of the host country must certainly be taken into consideration.”
Merkel's comments came as Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson dismissed the idea that freedom of movement is central to the EU project.
“Everybody now has it in their head that every human being has some fundamental God-given right to move wherever they want. It's not true. That was never the case. That was never a founding principle of the EU. Total myth,” he told a Czech newspaper.
Johnson also confirmed that the UK is likely to leave the customs union post-Brexit. Insisting that there will be a “dynamic trade relationship” between the UK and the EU he said: “We will take back control of our borders, but we remain an open and welcoming society.”
He continued: “We probably will have to come out of the customs union, but that's a question I am sure will be discussed.”
DNA On Envelopes Identifies World War II Sailor
Gerald Lehman is going home to Michigan, 68 years after he was killed at Pearl Harbor. The young sailor's remains were thought to be among the hundreds trapped under the water when the USS Oklahoma was torpedoed. But his remains were recovered and buried with the remains of four other "unknowns." Lehman's remains were finally identified by using DNA collected from the letters he sent home — Lehman had licked the envelopes to seal them. Michele Norris talks with Peggy Germain, Gerald Lehman's niece.
RENEE MONTAGNE, Host:
Lehman's niece, Peggy Germain, led the effort to find and identify his remains and she joins us now. Welcome to the program.
PEGGY GERMAIN: Thank you.
NORRIS: What was your family originally told about his death and where exactly his remains were?
GERMAIN: The family didn't think there were any remains. He was unknown and unrecoverable.
NORRIS: In trying to find out more about what actually happened on the USS Oklahoma, I understand you got some help from a historian there in Hawaii, from the USS Oklahoma Association. How were they able to help you out?
GERMAIN: Not only help, he was the catalyst that opened this case up so that we knew that there were remains that were actually buried at the Punch Bowl.
NORRIS: The Pacific Punch Bowl, is that what you're talking about?
GERMAIN: Yes, I think it's the National Pacific Cemetery, but it's known better as the Punch Bowl because of its shape.
NORRIS: Now, tell me a little bit more about the hunt, how they were actually able to take the DNA from those letters and match that against his DNA and actually identify those remains. How did that happen?
GERMAIN: I called my cousin to see if she had any hair or garments or anything that would have his DNA on. She thought, oh my goodness, I've got about 70 letters that Gerry sent home to our grandmother, and his DNA would be on the envelopes that he licked himself. That was a positive.
NORRIS: So they were able to use the nuclear DNA from the saliva on those envelopes to make a positive match?
GERMAIN: And it's almost like predestined serendipity because why did our grandmother, instead of slitting across the top, she slit down the left vertical edge, and so the flap was never opened. The seal was intact, and the scientist became very animated when he said that there was no contamination.
NORRIS: Well, now after all this, after your uncle Gerry has been buried in a casket with four other men, I understand that his remains are now heading back to Michigan, along with a military escort.
GERMAIN: Yes, it's surreal.
NORRIS: And what are the plans for burial?
GERMAIN: We'll have a funeral Mass because we know who to thank, and this is certainly God's dream. In fact, I wanted to honor my mother by writing about her kid brother, but God had a much grander dream than mine, and that was to fulfill my mother's fondest wish, which was to get her baby brother back.
NORRIS: Well, Peggy Germain, congratulations to you. Thank you so much for sharing your story and your time with us. All the best to you.
GERMAIN: Thank you.
NORRIS: That's Peggy Germain, the niece of Gerald Lehman, a sailor killed at Pearl Harbor. His remains have been positively identified after 68 years, with the help of DNA found on letters that he had sent home.
Copyright © 2010 NPR. All rights reserved. Visit our website terms of use and permissions pages at www.npr.org for further information.
NPR transcripts are created on a rush deadline by Verb8tm, Inc., an NPR contractor, and produced using a proprietary transcription process developed with NPR. This text may not be in its final form and may be updated or revised in the future. Accuracy and availability may vary. The authoritative record of NPR's programming is the audio record.
The most talked about Canadian at the MLS combine this year may just have been a player who was not even there. The league's continued pursuit of Cyle Larin looks like it will come up short in the end as the player is looking for a higher wage than in typically offered to Generation Adidas targets. If Larin had signed he would have caused quite the shakeup at the top of a draft that is lacking in quality attacking options but instead he looks set to return to the University of Conneticut for his sophomore year.
The absence of Larin does not leave the draft completely without Canadians capable of having their name called. There are three players with ties to Canada that took place in the MLS combine over the weekend. It is an interesting trio of players who took quite varied routes to get to draft day but there is a chance that their could be two Canadians taken in the first two rounds.
Heading into the combine the highest rated Canadian was forward Mackenzie Pridham. The Toronto born forward has the benefit of a green card thanks to attending high school in California before spending four years at Cal Poly. In college he tallied 27 goals and was named Big West Offensive Player of the Year in each of his final two seasons.
Pridham is capable of scoring goals in a variety of ways and has found the back of the net consistently the past two years. The big question mark is how that will translate when he makes the move to MLS as the Big West is not exactly known for being a tough conference to score goals in. If he is going to find success in MLS it will come the same way it did for him in college. He can finish with both feet and his head and is quite strong on the ball allowing him to be used with his back to the goal when needed. While Pridham lacks real top end speed he has shown a nice bit of acceleration that allows him to create that yard of space he needs to find a shooting chance.
In mock drafts that have included a second round Pridham seems to be popping up around the 30th pick. That seems to be about fair based on what close observers of the college game have been saying about him. He could be a steal for a team in the second round but there are too many question marks about his ability to score in MLS to make him worth a first round pick.
Toronto FC could take a good hard look at drafting him at either 15th or 24th though should he still be on the board. They will know Pridham better than any other team in MLS as he spent six weeks working with the club last summer and the whole coaching staff are familiar with what he has to offer. If TFC do take him they would have the luxury of being able to ease him in to playing time as he would start off well down the depth chart.
Pridham is not the only player with Canadian ties that could have his name called on draft day. In fact, one of the players who have been drawing major attention at the combine just happens to be Calgary born Tesho Akindele. His performances on the first two days had teams buzzing and seven different clubs had interviews with him on Monday thanks to those showings. Some observers are even suggesting that he has done enough to potentially sneak into the first round on draft day.
He has pretty much come out of nowhere to impress though as Akindele leaves Division II school Colorado School of MInes as their all-time leading scorer having notched almost as many goals as appearances including twice scoring more than 20 goals. The problem was he did all that in DII which meant that a lot of it went unnoticed by observers.
He may have been relatively obscure while playing in DII but it seems that was all part of Akindele's plan as he passed up the chance to join the Colorado Rapids academy or attend schools in Division I as he was focused on getting a quality education. Now he is nearly completed a degree in electrical engineering from a highly regarded school and still could find his way into the first round of the SuperDraft.
Akindele has the raw abilities that make scouts sit up and pay attention as he is fast and strong. When he gets the ball in space and can run at defenders he is capable of causing problems. As his scoring record in school shows he is more than capable of hitting the back of the net when the chances do come. The fact that he can play on the wing or up top will also appeal to teams.
He does have some pretty major knocks though about his technical ability. He is far from a polished player and can struggle with turning on the ball and knowing where to go to find space when up against stronger defenders. He seems to have answered some of those questions in the combine though as his stock seems to have risen from relative unknown to a potential project for a team that is impressed by his physical abilities.
You will be hard pressed to find a mock draft that actually includes Akindele even if they do a full two rounds. Simply put he just was not on anyone's radar before the combine. That has changed now and it will be interesting to see if someone takes a chance on him. He will be most familiar to the Rapids as he did make the odd guest appearance with their academy sides.
Tomislav Zadro is the third Canadian who could have his name called at the draft. He was born in Bosnia and Herzegovina but he grew up in Toronto before moving to Illinois where he began his college career playing for Illinois Central College. In his two seasons at the school he racked up an impressive 20 goals and 22 assists in just 28 matches.
Zadro then transferred to Wisconsin where he put in two more impressive seasons despite missing all of the 2012 season recovering from ACL surgery. He totalled 10 goals and 16 assists while picking up the honour of Big East Offensive Player of the Year as a senior.
His college resume is impressive but he seems to be well down the draft board for most clubs as their are more appealing options in the midfield. He has the skill to play at the next level with his abilities on set pieces likely to appeal to clubs but the big draw back is that he is quite lacking on the athletic side of things. He lacks the pace to cause problems on the wing, he is not strong enough to play in the middle of the park, and he is too reliant on his left foot.
His left foot should be enough to convince someone to take a chance on him though. Not many players in the draft have the ability to deliver quality set pieces and serve as a playmaker. The negatives should ensure he drops out of the early rounds though but could be a steal if given the chance to overcome his short comings which he might just do as he is a very intelligent player.
On the whole, none of the Canadians should be expected to go in the early stages of the draft but come the end of round one all three names are worth keeping an eye out for. The good news for Pridham and Akindele is that they have green cards and would count as domestic for every club in the league which will make them more attractive options than Zadro who may have to rely on one of the Canadian teams taking a chance on him.
A Boston Herald statement says the paper "sincerely regret[s] if we inadvertently offended anyone" with an editorial cartoon criticized by many for racist connotations.
The cartoon, which appeared in Wednesday's paper, references the controversy over the White House intruder, who's been indicted for jumping a fence and eluding security guards.
The cartoon features the intruder in a bathtub behind President Obama, who's brushing his teeth. The intruder says, "Have you tried the new watermelon flavored toothpaste?"
Watermelon has racist connotations for many African-Americans.
“Contributors to our Editorial and Opinion pages have the right to express their views, and satire is clearly used in Jerry Holbert's cartoon today,” the Herald said in a statement. “That said, we sincerely regret if we inadvertently offended anyone and extend our sincere apologies.”
Interviewed on Herald Radio Wednesday morning, Holbert called himself "naive." He said his son's girlfriend's toothpaste was watermelon-flavored, and that's why he used it in the cartoon, and he "didn't think about it at all." He also apologized for offending anyone.
He said on Tuesday night, his national cartoon syndicate asked him to change watermelon to another flavor, but that version did not appear in the Herald Wednesday morning. The updated version, with raspberry-flavored toothpaste, appears on GoComics.com.
Update at 1:20 p.m.: In a follow-up statement, the Herald said:
The kit is still very much at the prototype stage Technology that could see an end to the bane of many commuters - people talking loudly on their mobile phones - has been shown off by researchers. The prototype device could allow people to conduct silent phone conversations. The technology measures the tiny electrical signals produced by muscles used when someone speaks. The device can record these pulses even when a person does not audibly utter any words and use them to generate synthesised speech in another handset. "I was taking the train and the person sitting next to me was constantly chatting and I thought 'I need to change this'," Professor Tanja Shultz of the Karlsruhe Institute of Technology told BBC News. "We call it silent communication." Translation system The device, on show at the Cebit electronics fair in Germany, relies on a technique called electromyography which detects the electrical signals from muscles. It is commonly used to diagnose certain diseases, including those that involve nerve damage. The prototype that is on display in Germany uses nine electrodes that are stuck to a user's face. Nasa have explored the use of silent communication systems "These capture the electrical potentials that result from you moving your articulatory muscles," explained Professor Shultz. "Those are the muscles that you need in order to produce speech." The electrical pulses are then passed to a device which records and amplifies them before transmitting the signal via Bluetooth to a laptop. There, software translates the signals into text, which can then be spoken by a synthesiser. In the future, said Professor Shultz, the technology could be packed in a mobile phone for instantaneous communication. "We know this is not appealing for mass market use at the moment." However, she added, it could be initially used to help people who have lost their voice due to illness or accident. It could also form the basis of an instant translation system, she said. "You could speak in your mother tongue and the text could be translated into another language," she said. "The person that you are communicating with would then hear the synthesised voice in the other language." It is not the first time that electromyography has been explored for silent communication. The US space agency Nasa has investigated the technique for communicating in noisy environments such as the Space Station. It has also used the technique to explore advanced flight control systems that do away with joysticks and other interfaces. Nasa, she said, explored the technique to understand simple commands. "The difference with our system is that we can record and recognise continually spoken sentences," said Professor Shultz. Cebit runs from 2 to 6 March in Hanover, Germany.
Bookmark with: Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon What are these? E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Update 2017-12-20: It's been two years now since I got the rate drop from Comcast, if you want to find out what happens when the promotional rate expires, I've got an updated post on that.
First off, let me just say that I may be in the small minority of people who have nothing at all bad to say about Comcast service. Since I moved to the Bay Area, I've had Comcast TV/Internet service in 3 different locations and each time it's been nearly flawless, with fast Internet speeds, extremely responsive and prompt customer service. On the couple of occasions I've needed a tech to come out for an installation they've been on time. The only issue I have ever had, is the price. Because it gets expensive, especially if you want the fastest possible Internet service, which I always do. After signing up for the new 250mbps tier and getting a bill for nearly $250, I decided it was time to see if I could improve the situation. A friend told me he had some success in going to the local Comcast service center and talking with them, so I figured it was worth a shot.
The Old Bill
So Painful
Xfinity TV - Digital Preferred $88.99 (the middle channel package, with about 140 cable channels including HD)
TV - Digital Preferred $88.99 (the middle channel package, with about 140 cable channels including HD) XFinity Internet - Extreme 250 $149.95 (250mbps upstream, 25mbps downstream - though I get closer to 300mbps/30mbps in reality)
Other Charges and Credits $1.75
Tax Surcharges and Fees $7.28
Total Cost - $247.97
Ouch. That bill hurts, though I am absolutely in love with he Internet speeds. I could really do without the TV, I don't watch it often except for live events. I considered just canceling the TV service all together and only paying for the Internet. In the end I got both together for even less than I would pay for that Internet package alone.
Note - I was already using my own modem, so a modem rental fee wasn't included in the old or new bills. Paying $10/month to Comcast for a $90 piece of equipment that lasts years is silly. However, to their credit, Comcast makes it extremely easy to buy a new modem and set it up on their network. The Netgear CM500 I bought has been flawless, and doesn't even require calling customer service to be activated.
The Visit to Comcast
In I go to the Comcast service center. It's possible I could have accomplished this over the phone, but I thought I'd give myself the best possible chance by talking with someone face to face. The San Francisco Comcast office is a busy place, so I signed in, and ended up waiting 35 minutes to speak with someone.
I started off just explaining the situation - my bill is too high, asking what options I have to lower it, adding that I'm considering reducing the TV service. The Comcast representative was very nice and friendly, looked up my account, and then immediately asked me - “Would you be willing to sign a 2 year contract?” (she added that it's transferable if I were to end up moving). My reply was that it would depend on how much the price difference was, since included in most contracts is some termination clause. Now we get to the good stuff - the price. Digital Preferred + Extreme 250 Internet - $109.99/month for months 1-12 and $129.99/month for months 13-24. $230 early termination fee (declining by $10 each month beyond 1 that the contract is in place). This wasn't a difficult used car sales type of negotiation, I didn't have to go back and forth with them at all, and there was no speaking to the manager. I just asked for a better price, and they came right back with that discount on a 2 year contract. Anyone could walk in and do this. Everyone should.
The New Bill
Ahh, that's better
Xfinity Bundled Services - $89.99
Additional Xfinity TV Service - $0 (they threw HBO in there at $19.99 with a 100% discount, and my guess is that's what's going to kick up the bill by $20 for the second year)
Additional Xfinity Internet Services - $20 (additional charge here to increase speed to 250mbps)
Other Charges and Credits - $1.75
Taxes, Surcharges and Fees - $4.68
Total Cost - $116.42
That's a 53% discount! Even in month 12 when the bill goes up $20, it will be 44% cheaper for an average savings of 48.5%. And I get HBO now where I didn't before.
Textbook Price Discrimination
So, what we've learned is that Comcast is willing to drop their price by about half for customers who are willing to ask for it. Yes, in return they are getting some guarantee of future revenue, which has some value. However, most customers don't cancel their cable or Internet on a regular basis, so it's very hard to justify the massive cost difference just on the value of guaranteed future revenue. There is a termination fee, but at $230 it's only about 2 months of service fees, and furthermore it's offset by savings at the new rate after just 2 months. If I canceled in month 3 I'd be even with what I would have paid for those months without the new rate, and keeping service under contract for anything beyond 3 months I come out ahead. Calling it a “contract,” is just an excuse to offer two tiers of pricing on the same service.
What it leaves us with is a situation where Comcast charges much higher fees to those who don't pro-actively push for savings. Classic Price Discrimination. Customers who aren't price sensitive are going to continue on with their service and those who aren't are going to try and cancel or otherwise ask for a lower rate and be offered something that they're more comfortable paying. Comcast wins both ways, as they keep customers but make extra money from those who have it.
A classic piece from Maya Angelou, a woman who overcame an unbelievable amount of adversity throughout her life as displayed in the tenacity in each prose. The message – RISE. #tbt
You may write me down in history
With your bitter, twisted lies,
You may tread me in the very dirt
But still, like dust, I'll rise.
Does my sassiness upset you?
Why are you beset with gloom?
‘Cause I walk like I've got oil wells
Pumping in my living room.
Just like moons and like suns,
With the certainty of tides,
Just like hopes springing high,
Still I'll rise.
Did you want to see me broken?
Bowed head and lowered eyes?
Shoulders falling down like teardrops.
Weakened by my soulful cries.
Does my haughtiness offend you?
Don't you take it awful hard
‘Cause I laugh like I've got gold mines
Diggin' in my own back yard.
You may shoot me with your words,
You may cut me with your eyes,
You may kill me with your hatefulness,
But still, like air, I'll rise.
Does my sexiness upset you?
Does it come as a surprise
That I dance like I've got diamonds
At the meeting of my thighs?
Out of the huts of history's shame
I rise
Up from a past that's rooted in pain
I rise
I'm a black ocean, leaping and wide,
Welling and swelling I bear in the tide.
Leaving behind nights of terror and fear
I rise
Into a daybreak that's wondrously clear
I rise
Bringing the gifts that my ancestors gave,
I am the dream and the hope of the slave.
I rise
I rise
I rise.
Fabologie's Adi Heyman walks the streets of New York City. Courtesy of Adi Heyman
When Adi Heyman was a teenager, she and her family converted to Judaism. After converting, they moved to Florida, where Heyman felt drawn to the tenets of "tzniut" — the Hebrew word for "secrecy" or "privacy," and the word that describes the Orthodox Jewish tradition of dressing modestly.
That meant long skirts, long sleeves, and high necklines — even in the summer.
There was only one problem. Heyman, a freshman in high school, didn't love the selection of clothing at the local Macy's that fit that description. Much of those clothes were being marketed to women her mother's — or even her grandmother's — age.
"It was hard to know how I was supposed to dress," Heyman remembers. "Am I supposed to buy a suit that a grown woman would wear? It seemed to be an impossible way of dressing for a teenager."
Heyman subscribes to modern Orthodox Judaism. While she's strict about following the Jewish mitzvot (commandments), the rules of modern Orthodox Judaism do not mandate that she cut herself off from the outside world — technology, pop culture, etc — as long as she can live within the guidelines of her religion, like going to temple, keeping a kosher diet, and dressing modestly. Courtesy of Adi Heyman
Rather than settle for a boxy pantsuit, Heyman decided to get creative. She sought out and repurposed vintage pieces with relaxed fits and longer lengths. A sleeveless dress could be fashionably paired with a turtleneck. Miniskirts were no longer so mini when she sewed on extra fabric or wore them with pants underneath.
Heyman, it turned out, had a major knack for style.
In 2010, she started a Facebook page called Fabologie to highlight modest looks on fashion runways. Five years later, it's evolved into a blog with 100,000 monthly readers.
Photos of Heyman often pop up in the pages of the New York Times and Vogue, where she's heralded for her chic looks.
Covered up in long dresses, ponchos, or voluminous skirts at New York Fashion Week, she fits in easily with the other fashionistas. Heyman, as a married Orthodox Jewish woman, never shows her hair, so she wears a blonde wig, complete with realistic roots.
Heyman is part of a growing community of Muslim, Christian, and Orthodox Jewish women who are using the internet to redefine what it means to dress modestly.
Thanks to social media, these women are able to connect through their mutual respect for religion and love for fashion, and inspire other women to do the same.
Yet at the same time, social media exposes them to the entire world — and all of the criticism that comes with being exposed. These women are well aware of those who question their lifestyle and who believe that religiously motivated codes of modesty unfairly oppress women.
"If you find modesty oppressive, it will be oppressive," Heyman tells TI. "I was of the mindset, though, that said, 'let's embrace this, let's make it beautiful, let's cheer on designers that are showing long skirts in New York Fashion Week, and let's shop at Zara to show that modest skirts are mainstream.'"
Modesty has a different meaning depending on religion.
Modest Muslim women cover everything but their faces, hands, and feet. Orthodox Jewish women cover their elbows, knees, collarbone, and if they're married, their hair. Modest Christian bloggers largely focus on making sure their knees and shoulders are covered. All these women also make sure whatever they wear isn't either form-fitting.
But their objective remains the same: Respecting their religions comes with rules, and they want to make sure they follow those rules.
***
Melanie Elturk started her modest fashion company Haute Hijab in 2010. Courtesy of Melanie Elturk
Before she started her company Haute Hijab in 2010, Melanie Elturk remembers "two Muslim fashion blogs … they weren't even bloggers, they would just [alert other Muslim women] when there were skirts at Express with no slits," she recalls. "I think there was a thirst for something that catered specifically to the modest girl."
The hijab is an important part of a Muslim woman's identity, said Elturk. "When somebody sees us [wearing a hijab]," she tells TI, "they immediately recognize us as somebody spiritual, someone who adheres to their faith."
Haute Hijab started out as a place where Muslim women could buy fashionable hijabs. Where traditional hijabs are mostly black, Elturk created a line of colorful, patterned, more expressive pieces.
Elturk posing with a Zara scarf, chunky knit, and taupe hijab. Courtesy of Melanie Elturk
Elturk grew up in Detroit, Michigan, with a Lebanese Muslim father and Filipino Catholic mother. After her parents divorced when she was young, she was raised Muslim by her father, but only became truly religious later on in high school. By college, she stopped her previous practice of taking her hijab off on weekends and when visiting her mom. Dressing modestly and wearing the hijab had become a part of who she was.
"For me, it became so personal and I could never imagine taking it off," she tells TI. "I really felt naked without it, like going outside without a shirt on."
Today, the Haute Hijab Facebook page has nearly 200,000 likes and her online fashion brand has expanded beyond hijabs to skirts, dresses, and shirts that follow Islam's code of modesty. She also emphasizes solidarity with other modest women.
"When I started [wearing my] hijab at the age of 13, what made it so easy was that I had a best friend in high school with me [also wearing hers]," she tells TI, explaining why she's so passionate about supporting young Muslims who also wear the hijab. "If I didn't have her, it would have been so much more difficult."
***
Mimi Hecht (left) and Mushky Notik (right), founders of Mimu Maxi. Instagram/Mimu Maxi
Brooklyn-based sisters-in-law Mushky Notik and Mimi Hecht launched their Chassidic fashion label in 2012 after becoming dissatisfied with the fashion options available to them — especially in the summer when dressing modestly can become "particularly frustrating."
Their line — Mimu Maxi— wasn't just popular with Orthodox Jews, but customers of all faiths.
"We just want to make amazing pieces," Mimi Hecht tells Tech Insider. "Yeah, they cover … but anyone could love it and wear it and look fabulous in it."
Notik adds that some of Mimu Maxi's customers don't even realize the pair run a modest fashion company aligning with the rules of their faith until they find the website. "They just discover us on Instagram!"
But again, their work comes with a different set of controversies and considerations maybe not always present in other fashion companies.
In 2014, the women sent a lime green maxi skirt to Summer Albarcha, a Muslim fashion blogger at the site Hipster Hijabis, and then posted an image of Albarcha wearing the skirt on the Mimu Maxi Instagram account. (See the photo above.)
Some of Hecht and Notik's fans were critical of their collaboration with a Muslim woman, but the Mimu Maxi co-founders stood by their decision to support and highlight women of all faiths who are active in the modest blogger community.
***
Elizabeth Roy is a modest Christian blogger at Downtown Demure. Elizabeth Roy/Downtown Demure
Of course, on the internet, there will always be detractors.
When modest Christian blogger Elizabeth Roy of Downtown Demure created a blog post called "Modesty Test: Ask the Dudes" that requested Christian men's opinions on what types of clothing would be considered immodest, she didn't expect it to receive backlash.
Elizabeth Roy/Downtown Demure But some people said Roy was putting too much emphasis on male approval.
"[They] completely ripped it to shreds and really bashed my blog," Roy says. "That was surprising. I didn't really realize how many people were against modesty and against the call for modesty."
Women's rights and feminism have become very front-and-center topics over the last several years.
Every day there's a new story calling attention to the gender pay gap, or a company's need for more females at its highest levels of management.
We speak out about men harassing women as they walk down the street. And we talk about our longtime widespread acceptance of many public school dress codes, wherein young women are told they must wear shorts, dresses, or tank tops of a specific length as to not distract "other pupils." (Read: young men.)
While we may have accepted those rules in the past, the world is changing.
Now these young women — using the same social platforms Heyman, Elturk, Hecht, Notik, and Roy all use to celebrate their modesty — are asking why they need to feel shamed into covering up.
It's not surprising that these religious yet fashionable bloggers are often looked at as part of the "problem" — that they're feeding into a set of rules enforced by the patriarchy, and that they could liberate themselves more by ditching modest dressing all together.
But others would argue that by being able to express creativity within the guidelines of conservative religion is still revolutionary for Heyman, Elturk, Hecht, Notik, Roy, and dozens of women just like them; that they're practicing their own form of feminism, while still practicing their faith.
***
Elturk says she ignores negative comments that say she doesn't cover up enough. Courtesy of Melanie Elturk
Then there are those who don't think these women are modest enough.
"Every once in awhile we'll get some crazy comments on social media like, 'you shouldn't even be showing photos of women,' or 'you shouldn't be wearing pants," Elturk tells TI. She says those commenters are mostly people from overseas who believe in "hardcore right-wing Islam[ic]" rules that Elturk says she doesn't adhere to.
These comment section controversies often remind these women that they aren't blogging in a bubble; that there will always be someone more religiously observant who takes issue with what they're doing online.
"When you grow up [in a country] where everyone is Muslim, you cannot compare that to growing up Muslim in America," Elturk says of those who criticize her. "It's so different … and so I don't even respond. I could explain to them until they're blue in the face, but they just don't get it. They don't understand what it's like to be an American Muslim."
Despite any criticism or negativity, Roy believes all modest women just want to help one another. Elizabeth Roy/Downtown Demure
Despite the criticism, it's undeniable — these women are inspiring their readers and customers to express themselves and their religion through fashion. Every woman we spoke with said the feedback they get is overwhelmingly positive. Women around the world thank them not only for daily style inspiration, but for removing the burden of figuring out how to honor God — whatever and whoever that word means to them — while being themselves.
"Fashion — as much as I am a champion of it and I focus on it — really is a superficial thing," Roy explained to TI. "It's just clothing at the end of the day. But it's amazing how a common passion, this interest in modest fashion, can help bring together women of different beliefs."
This time, it's really happening. On May 21 of next year, Jesus Christ shall swoop down from the heavens on a white steed to snatch up all True Believers. That's right — the Rapture is coming! Where do you stand?
People have claimed for centuries that they know when the Rapture is coming, but this time, someone's finally got it right. They even have billboards and bumper stickers to prove it! The billboards are produced by supporters of a Christian network called Family Radio Inc., and they've set up a website to spread the Good Word, WeCanKnow.com. The site serves as a one-stop shop for all your proselytizing needs. You can download images to use as billboards, order bumper stickers, and download e-versions of the Bible (perfect for an iPod touch or iPad!). There are 40 billboards in the Nashville, Tennessee area already.
But how do they really know? Because Family Radio's founder, Harold Camping, says so. From The Tennessean:
According to Camping's prediction, the Rapture will happen exactly 7,000 years from the date that God first warned people about the flood. He said the flood happened in 4990 B.C., on what would have been May 21 in the modern calendar. God gave Noah one week of warning. Since one day equals 1,000 years for God, that means there was a 7,000-year interval between the flood and rapture.
Whoa. So, like, in God Years, that means I'm how old? Oh Jesus. I need a drink.
Oh, and just in case you're feeling the urge to scare the crap out of your kids, here's a cartoon from the group with weird Pokémon-ish characters speaking like robots:
And here, we leave you with a passage from the Good Book to mull over:
Revelation 14:14
And I looked, and behold a white cloud, and upon the cloud one sat like unto the Son of man, having on his head a golden crown, and in his hand a sharp sickle.'
May 21, 2011— See you there!
SILVERBACK is very proud to introduce a new triathlon to the region.
The 2013 Triathlon season is well under way in the Midwest! We hope that everyone's training is where they want it to be! It is with great excitement that we announce the Lawrence Triathlon on Sunday, July 21, 2013.
The Lawrence Triathlon will be comprised of two distances: The International and Sprint Distances will cover the beautiful property around Clinton State Park. Athletes can expect rolling hills and smooth roads along the beautiful countryside of Douglas County.
To learn more, visit www.gosilverback.com.
Attention Kansas City Triathlon Participants:
As a token of our appreciation to the multi-sport community, we would like to extend the following offer to all of the REGISTERED athletes from the 2013 cancelled Kansas City Triathlon. All REGISTERED athletes from the 2013 Kansas City Triathlon will receive a FREE ENTRY into the Lawrence Triathlon. Yes, that is correct... the entry fee is FREE (Note: If you are not an annual USAT Member, you will still need to pay the $12 one-day fee).
All we ask is that you choose one of the three options below and provide some form of proof that you registered for the event. This offer extends to ALL 2013 registrants. We want to get you racing again!
Here is how the free entry program will work.
OPTION ONE - For those of you traveling in from out of town and cannot get to Ultramax Sports. You can send and email with your registration confirmation from the 2013 Kansas City Triathlon and request a registration code. You will be sent a code within 5 days of the request and you must complete the online registration form prior to the deadline given in the email. The code is only good for your individual registration. Email us at: info@gosilverback.com
OPTION TWO - OPTION THREE – Athletes can print out a copy of their registration confirmation from the Kansas City Triathlon to the SILVERBACK tent located at the IRONMAN 70.3 Kansas Expo on June 7th and 8th. Once your previous registration is confirmed, all you have to do is fill out a paper registration and the rest is taken care of from there. Be sure to bring your USAT license!
Please note, we will not be taking any registrations at Ultramax Sports retail stores. Any athletes that come in will now be directed to online registration. Online registration will be open until Thursday at 11:59 PM PST. On-site registration will be available during the scheduled Packet Pick-Up times.
The Event Basics:
Event Date: Sunday, July 21st, 2013
Start Times:
• International Triathlon Start Time: at 7:30AM
• Sprint Triathlon Start Time: at 7:50AM (tentative)
Event Location: Clinton State Park - Bloomington Beach (700 N. 1190 Road, Lawrence, KS 66047)
Event Classification: International and Sprint Triathlon
Event Distances:
• International Triathlon = 1.5K Swim - 40K Bike - 10K Run
• Kansas Sprint Triathlon = Lawrence Sprint Triathlon = 500-Meter Swim – 12-Mile Bike – 3-Mile Run
Limited Entry: The race is limited to the first 1,500 entrants
Entry Fees & Registration Information:
Online registration will closer on Thursday at 11:59 PM PST. Anyone who does not register online by that time, will need to register on-site during the scheduled Athlete Check-In hours. Be sure to bring your photo ID and USAT license!
Lawrence Triathlon Intermediate Entry Fee Schedule:
• Prior to 6/9/13 = $50
• Prior to 6/29/13 = $75
• Prior to 7/18/13 = $95
• On-Site Registration the weekend of the event = $105
Three-Person Relay Team International Triathlon:
• Prior to 6/9/13 = $70
• Prior to 6/29/13 = $95
• Prior to 7/18/13 = $115
• On-Site Registration the weekend of the event = $125
Sprint Triathlon Entry Fee Schedule:
• Prior to 6/9/13 = $40
• Prior to 6/29/13 = $65
• Prior to 7/18/13 = $85
• On-Site Registration the weekend of the event = $95
Three-Person Relay Team Sprint Triathlon:
• Prior to 6/9/13 = $60
• Prior to 6/29/13 = $85
• Prior to 7/18/13 = $105
• On-Site Registration the weekend of the event = $115
** If you are not a USA Triathlon annual member you will be required to pay the $12 single-event fee. Join USAT to avoid these fees!
*The entry fees listed above do not include any credit card or online processing fees.
2013 Lawrence Highlights:
Just a few things to look forward to at the 2013 Lawrence Triathlon:
• Each participant will receive a custom printed unisex technical shirt. (Please review our t-shirt policy above.)
• Age Division Awards
• Live chip-timed results provided by Ultramax Sports Timing
• Personal Race Results Receipts
• Post race food and drinks
2013 Lawrence Tri Schedule of Events:
Friday, July 19, 2013:
• 2:00PM - 7:00PM: Packet Pickup & New Registration @ Ultramax Sports - 6911 Tomahawk Rd., Prairie Village, KS
Saturday, July 20, 2013:
• 10:00AM - 5:00PM: Packet Pickup & New Registration - Clinton State Park - Bloomington Beach
Sunday, July 21, 2013:
• 5:00AM - 6:45AM: Packet Pickup & Late Registration @ Clinton State Park - Bloomington Beach - Be prepared for long lines if you choose to pick your packet up on race day!
• 5:00AM - 7:15AM: Transition Area & Body Marking Open
• 7:15AM: Transition Closes - All athletes must exit transition
• 7:30AM: International Wave Starts - Wave Schedule coming soon
• Coming Soon: Sprint Triathlon Race Start - Wave Schedule coming soon
• 10:30AM: International & Sprint Awards Program
• 12:00PM: Race Course Closes
• 12:00PM: Transition Area Closes
**Please note that this schedule is temporary and is subject to change. Please check back periodically. You will receive a pre-race informational email approximately 7-10 days prior to the event. At the same time a link to this information will also be posted on this page.
Wave Schedule:
The wave schedule for the 2013 Lawrence Triathlon will be posted one week prior to the race.
Wetsuits:
The final decision on whether or not wetsuits will be legal will be made and announced on race morning, potentially on Friday. Remember, USAT rules permits everyone to wear a wetsuit without penalty up to and including a water temperature of 78 degrees. When the water temperature is greater than 78 degrees, but less than 84 degrees, age group participants may wear a suit at their own discretion, but will not be eligible for awards or prizes. For any temperatures greater than 84 degrees, no participants will be allowed to wear a wetsuit.
Packet Pickup and Late Registration Information:
We strongly encourage all athletes to check in during the scheduled Athlete Check-In times prior to the event date. There will be a race morning check-in open from 5AM to 6:45AM. This is for any athlete that was unable to pick up their materials the day prior to the event. If you do choose to arrive on race morning, be prepared with your photo ID and current USAT membership or $12.00 USD. Without exception the check-in line will be cut off at 6:45AM to allow athletes sufficient time to get set up in the transition area. It is mandatory for all athletes to check-in themselves.
For relay teams: all team members must check-in to participate in this event. If all team members are not present at the same time at check-in, the present team member will only receive the materials to complete their portion of the event. In order to participate, ALL team members must complete the check-in process.
Per USAT rules, all athletes are required to pick up their own packet. You WILL NOT be able to pick up another individual's packet. Please come prepared with your photo ID and your VALID USAT membership card (if you are an annual member). There will be NO exceptions made for this rule. Join USAT to avoid these fees!
Event Rules & Timing:
Please follow these simple instructions carefully to ensure you are timed properly:
• Transponders are non-transferable! Be careful not to switch your timing chip with other participants.
• The timing chip must be worn on your ankle at all times or you will not be scored in the event. If you wear it on your wrist, on your bike, in your pocket, etc., you will not be scored.
• Your timing chip will be removed by volunteers once you have crossed the finish line. Be sure your chip is turned in at that time or at some point before you leave the race. Failure to return a chip will result in a $125 replacement fee charge.
• If you find you still have your timing chip after the race, please put it in a padded envelope and mail to:
Ultramax Sports Productions
2902 Forum Blvd. Suite 101
Columbia, MO 65203
A Special Timing Note for Relay Teams : Teams will transfer their timing chip in the transition area. The last member of the team should wear the race number on the run leg. We recommend using a race belt for easy transfer. The timing chip must be worn on the ankle of each team member at all times while racing.
2013 Policies and Refunds:
Refund Policy: Due to the number of race transfer requests and cancellations that occur in the weeks prior to a race we have adopted the following policy that is in accordance with USAT Policy. Refunds will NOT be issued after a registration has taken place. Considerable effort goes into producing an event such as a triathlon and funds are expended and applied in good faith based on a registration. If you would like to change your registration from the Sprint distance to the International distance, you will be charged for the difference in price at the time of the change. If you would like to change your registration from the International distance to the Sprint distance, you will not be refunded the difference in price.
Weather Policy: In the event of inclement weather, the event will be postponed as long as possible in hopes the inclement weather will pass. No refunds or transfers will be issued if the event is canceled due to inclement weather.
Parking and Spectators:
Parking Information: Parking Information: Designated parking areas will be available as close as possible to the Transition area. Please follow parking attendants and allow yourself plenty of time.
Spectator Information: Spectator Information: Please plan to watch the event from the race site. Any additional traffic on the course only adds to your inconvenience and could compromise your safety, as well as the athletes' safety.
Race Categories and Awards
International and Sprint Distance Race Categories:
• Male & Female Age Groups: 5-Year Increments (14 & Under, 15-19, 20-24, 25-29, 30-34, 35-39, 40-44, 45-49, 50-54, 55-59, 60-64, 65-69, 70-74 and 75-79, and 80 )& Over
• Relay Team Division (One Combined Division)
*Specific permission from the Race Director is required for all entrants under 15 years old.
Award Information:
• Awards will be presented to the Top Three+ in each age group in all three races
• Awards will be presented to the Top Three Triathlon Teams
• You must be present at the award ceremony to receive your award. We will not be mailing awards in 2013!
Bike Support:
Information coming soon.
Event Sanction - USA Triathlon
The 2013 Lawrence Triathlon is sanctioned with the USA Triathlon. USA Triathlon competition rules will apply. The complete list of rules can be found at http://www.usatriathlon.org/. Each participant will need to either be an Annual USAT Member ($45) or purchase a single-event membership ($12) prior to the race. You may do so online or at the race site.
Interested in Volunteering?
We have positions of all kinds where volunteers can see the start, portions of the race and even the finish. Nearly 100% of all unsolicited racer comments include praise for our volunteers; this is truly what makes these events possible. The racers really appreciate your time because they know and realize they could not pursue this sport without volunteers. If you are interested in volunteering, please take a second to fill out our Volunteer Inquiry Form.
Technology is really a marvel. So often, as new advances come out that allow us to do things that were thought impossible in the past, we hear the phrase "The future is now." Popular Science and XPRIZE are teaming up to explore and explain technologies like these in a video series called Future First.
In episode sixteen of Future First, we take a look at how modern farming operations deviate from stereotypical bucolic pastures. Modern agriculture can be detrimental to the environment, public health, and animal welfare. However, there are now ways to replicate meat and animal byproducts (milk and eggs) using science. New Harvest is a non-profit that uses these methods to work towards a "post-animal bio-economy." Isha Datar, its CEO, tells us more about what to expect from the food of the future.
Check This Out: Shepard Fairey's New Mondo Poster for 'They Live'!
Obey! Mondo Tees and the Alamo Drafthouse have debuted the latest fantastic poster for their screening event of John Carpenter's They Live tonight. Mondo somehow snagged the famous street artist Shepard Fairey, known for the iconic "Obey" street art and the "Hope" Obama poster, to design this recreation and it's frickin' awesome. I wouldn't expect anything less from Shepard Fairey, especially when he's mashing up his own "Obey" imagery with all the Live imagery. For those who want a copy of this poster, good news is that it's on sale tomorrow (follow @MondoNews for a link) for $50 in a limited edition of 500. I want one!
Click on the poster below to download a high res version. These will be on sale tomorrow morning online.
The movie is screening tonight at the Drafthouse in Austin. John Carpenter shot a video for the Alamo Drafthouse, where he takes a moment to reflect on They Live (1988) and its prescience with regard to a media-saturated culture - I've added that below this as well. Apparently Shepard Fairey is there live at the screening tomorrow night to unveil his poster and those who are lucky enough to live in Austin and attend can get one of these posters while they're there tonight. Yet again, Mondo knocks it out of the park with another incredible poster design that brings new life to a classic film. I'm running out of wall space for all these posters, but sometimes I can't resist. I must obey and buy one! I hope they get Shepard to make more.
1 JL on Jun 10, 2011
2 Crapolas on Jun 11, 2011
3 JL on Jun 11, 2011
4 Crapolas on Jun 11, 2011
5 lando on Sep 28, 2011
Sorry, no commenting is allowed at this time.
Lena Dunham had a delayed flight and was walking through the airport when she overheard two American Airlines employees having an unapproved private conversation about transgender children. So she did what you naturally do when you are a well-known “liberal” who believes in free speech and distrusts big corporations: she ratted them out to their employer on Twitter.
Not gonna call out the airline who delayed cuz shit happens BUT I did just overhear 2 @AmericanAir attendants having a transphobic talk. — Lena Dunham (@lenadunham) August 3, 2017
What took this from being merely bullying and repressive to being creepy and totalitarian in style is that Dunham didn't just make a general complaint. She then posted what looks like direct messages or text message between her and the American Airlines account, in which she enthusiastically provides detailed information about exactly where the conversation took place.
Well this night just keeps evolving pic.twitter.com/gYfXadYBUH — Lena Dunham (@lenadunham) August 3, 2017
Saying “I overheard a conversation” but giving no specifics might prompt American Airlines to send out a general notice to its employees to watch what they say while in the terminal—which is a little unsettling in itself. But giving specific information only has one purpose: to help the airline locate, identify, and punish these specific employees for holding politically incorrect views.
It's the hashtag #acrossfromthewinebar that sent chills down my spine. Dunham is acting like an informant working for a totalitarian police state—but boastfully, in public, on social media. With a hashtag.
Undoubtedly, someone will point out that this isn't really totalitarianism because these are all voluntary actions by private citizens and organizations, not the government. Dunham isn't a paid stooge of the police, but a citizen acting on her own initiative. American Airlines isn't doing this because the government told them to, but because they're terrified of bad press. (Which they are still going to get, but from the other side.)
Yet somehow this makes it all worse, because it implies we are being trained to internalize the ethos of the police state—and to enact it voluntarily, on our own initiative, without having to be coerced. We're building a self-enforcing police state.
Recently, I warned that The New York Times is trying to rehabilitate Communism. When the Left finally succeeds in resuscitating totalitarianism, we will already know all about how to inform on our neighbors by way of Twitter.
There are three substantial ways in which this incident shows how we are preparing ourselves for totalitarianism. One of the hallmarks of totalitarianism is that the officially approved truth was capricious and unpredictable, and that was on purpose. They wanted the approved ideology to change so quickly that there was no way to comply with it by sincere personal conviction. The only way to comply with it was out of a habit of obedience.
Now, let's apply that to the substance of the conversation Dunham was reporting, which she reports to American Airlines in highly specific and intellectual terms: “I heard 2 females attendants walking talking about how trans kids are a trend they'd never accept a trans child and transness is gross.” The idea that “gender identity disorder,” which has now been renamed to the more politically correct “gender dysphoria,” is not a mental illness but instead a valid lifestyle to be encouraged and humored is relatively recent, working its way into the mainstream in the past ten years. The idea of transgender children—of taking a child's normal confusion about gender roles, encouraging it, magnifying it, and using it as the basis for irreversible medical treatments—would have been considered a form of child abuse to most people until about last year. For many of us, it still is.
But why wait for the process of changing mores and attitudes to work their way through the culture and bring people around to your side? After all, if you wait for people to be convinced, there's a chance that they won't be. It's like what Stalin said about elections: the problem is that you don't know ahead of time who's going to win. Intead, people have to immediately update their views to be consistent with the Current Truth, subject to change without notice.
Now let's look at Dunham's reaction. She hears two people saying something she disagrees with, and it never occurs to her to talk to them directly, to attempt to persuade them or to listen to their point of view and engage with it. She might have changed someone's mind or least gotten to understand the reasons for their views. But why wait for persuasion when you can use fear? Why engage individuals directly, as if they are fellow human beings with equal rights, when you can go over their heads and use your fame and influence to pressure their employers?
While reading about this story, I was reminded of this scene from “The Lives of Others,” based on life within the oppressive police state of East Germany.
Apparently, the same rules apply now. Better watch what you say, or powerful person might ask for your employee number and your life will be ruined.
Finally, consider the role of the employer. When the Czech dissident Vaclav Havel formulated his ideas for how to resist Communist tyranny, he noted the role of the small business or employer who agreed to enforce the rules and post the propaganda of the regime out of fear and conformity. Well, that's exactly what we're up against now.
If the proper response for Dunham was to converse with those flight attendants directly (or maybe just to mind her own business), then the proper response of American Airlines was to tell Dunham that it is not in the business of policing the private conversations of its employees. But that's another way we're being prepared for the police state. While the Left blusters about how they don't want big corporations to tell us what we can think, their actions say otherwise. They absolutely do want employers to be responsible for the private views and political activity of their employees—so long as the views they are enforcing are politically correct.
So all the elements are being put together. We have a dogma propagated from the top down, a cadre of informants who are proud and eager to report their fellow citizens, and private institutions that are cowed and co-opted, ready to deprive dissidents of their livelihoods.
It's no mystery why, despite loud protestations that things will be different this time, socialism always ends with the midnight knock on the door. By the time government begins arresting people, the public will already have the mentality needed to accept and cooperate with the police state.
When we talk about and celebrate the fall of Communism, we frequently focus on the positive role of “people power.” When the oppressed people of Eastern Europe chose to reject and resist Communism en masse, it collapsed seemingly overnight. But we don't like to think too much about the flip side of that coin. Totalitarian regimes came into existence, and maintained their existence, not just because dissenters were killed or kept in a state of terror, but also because the regimes enjoyed the active complicity of a large segment of the population. East Germany's Stasi, after all, had a lot of employees.
The recent exploits of Comrade Lena are a warning that the new police state will have plenty of its own enthusiastic enforcers.
Follow Robert on Twitter.
Bristol could be set for a new £250,000 cycling learning centre in Hengrove as well as improved cycle routes through the city centre.
The plans, which are being prepared by the city council, come as a survey was published showing residents of Bristol backed new investment in cycling infrastructure.
Three quarters of those surveyed in research commissioned by cycling charity Sustrans said improvements in cycle lanes would encourage them to take up cycling.
The council's new centre at Hengrove Park Leisure Centre will include a 400-metre practice track as well as bike workshops.
Improvements to cycle ways will include a new route between Filwood and the city centre along with upgrades to the Malago Greenway and Frome Greenway, and upgraded connections between Gloucester Road and Southmead Hospital
The proposals also include plans to connect existing routes through the city centre, running from Cumberland Road to Bond Street via Nelson Street and from the city centre to Old Market via Castle Park.
A new segregated cycle track along Easton Way was due to open in September
The Bike Life Survey, carried out by ICM as part of national research, surveyed 1,100 people in Bristol using a representative sample of adults.
The survey found 71 per cent of people wanted to see increased budgets for bike facilities in their area. It also found that 68 per cent of those living in Bristol think that the city would be better if people in general cycled more, with 64 per cent believing that more cycling would make their area a better place to live.
It also found that 89 per cent of people who do not cycle supported an increase in protected bike lanes, with 83 per cent of occasional riders and 86 per cent of regular riders also in support.
Nationally, over 11,000 people backed plans for councils to spend an average of £26 per person per year on cycling infrastructure.
Jason Torrance, Policy Director at Sustrans, said: “The message from the public couldn't be clearer: there's a desire for more cycling – a recognition of its benefits, but a lack of proper infrastructure can put people off.”
The city council launched its Cycling Strategy in 2014 to encourage 20 per cent of all commuter trips to be made by bike by 2020.
Read about how Bristol's cycling network is shaping up.
Lance Armstrong has quit the board of his namesake foundation - the latest fallout from allegations of doping that brought about the cycling icon's epic downfall.
He chose to resign from the Lance Armstrong Foundation - known by the name Livestrong - "to spare the organization any negative effects as a result of controversy surrounding his cycling career," according to a statement by Jeff Garvey, the foundation's chairman.
"We are deeply grateful to Lance for creating a cause that has served millions of cancer survivors and their families. We are beholden to the Armstrong family for the nearly $7 million in contributions throughout the foundation's history. Lance Armstrong was instrumental in changing the way the world views people affected by cancer."
Armstrong previously gave up his position as chairman in the wake of the growing scandal, but said he would remain involved.
Although the Tour de France has revoked the seven victories that made him a legend, Armstrong tweeted a photo over the weekend showing himself lounging on a sofa beneath the seven prized yellow jerseys.
He has long insisted he did not cheat, and attacked those who accused him of using illegal substances. But the U.S. Anti-Doping Agency found "overwhelming" evidence that he was involved in "the most sophisticated, professionalized and successful doping program."
A Florida man who suggested shooting guns at Hurricane Irma out of "stress and boredom" has found that his idea has captured peoples' imaginations - with over 46,000 signing up to join in.
Hurricane Irma is due to hit Florida on Saturday, and the state is currently experiencing the largest ever mass evacuation due to a hurricane in American history.
But Ryon Edwards, 22, came up with a novel way of amusing himself during the storm: firing bullets into it.
He started a Facebook "event", and as of Friday evening 46,000 people say they are interested.
"A combination of stress and boredom made me start the event," he told the BBC.
"The response is a complete and total surprise to me.
"I never envisioned this event becoming some kind of crazy idea larger than myself. It has become something a little out of my control."
Video: Superman spotted in Ireland...looking for Sixmilebridge
Is it a bird? Is it a plane? No, it's Superman. And he is looking for Sixmilebridge.
By Declan Whooley
The driver in the video reacts in a calm manner when his window is banged while driving, with a fresh-faced Clark Kent flying outside his window.
The ageless Superman is simply looking for Sixmilebridge. While directions generally come second nature to the superhero, maybe his grasp of county Clare geography is not what it could be.
Wayne Lee is the man behind the cape and plays the role to perfection, flying off once he has the information he was looking for.
We're not sure if he was looking for Lois Lane, or simply just to do a bit of sight-seeing, but we hope Superman got what he was looking for in the Banner county.
Cheers to Raymond Kerley for sending this our way on Facebook.
Hello! I'm Air Conditioner, a player and enthusiast of SSBM and GameCube modding. As demonstrated in the following video, using findings of some other members of the GameCube development community and Melee hacking community, I bring a new and interesting way to load 20XXTE, a mod of SSBM that makes it more competitive friendly (to say the least). So, rather than loading the modifications from the memory card alone, this new method uses an SD card to memory card adapter I assembled to make transferring new versions of 20XXTE, loading custom files, and most importantly, transferring off stream replays extremely easy. It's actually just a matter of plugging in the SD card into a computer and transferring. While this is still just a concept it would be interesting to see it come to life in some way or another. There a ton of doors opened by this method too for example, when paired with the ability to save buttons inputs and other statistics as demonstrated by Fizzi36. So, if you have any questions or comments concerning anything mentioned in the article or video feel free to ask me on Twitter @ ALsmashLeague. As a finish note, much more could be accomplished using the SD adapter that I haven't mentioned I'm not wanting to say too much because most of it is untested but I'd like it to be known this opens new door as mentioned earlier.
Heavy rainfall soaked South Florida during the winter months, with some areas recording totals not seen in more than 80 years.
South Florida had a warmer and far wetter winter than normal this year, a pattern that could continue into the spring.
Heavy rainfall resulted in some areas recording totals not seen in more than 80 years.
Many areas in the region saw at least 5 inches more rain than normal between December and February, according to the National Weather Service in Miami.
Miami International Airport reported 20.2 inches of rain — more than 14 inches above normal and the most recorded since at least 1895. Miami Beach had nearly 19.2 inches of rain, more than 12 inches above normal.
Fort Lauderdale-Hollywood International Airport had its third wettest total since at least 1912, with nearly 17.1 inches, while the Palm Beach International Airport had 19.9 inches, the third wettest winter since at least 1888.
Meteorologist Robert Molleda said a shift in the jet stream created more opportunities for low pressure systems to move across Florida from the Gulf of Mexico, something not unusual during winters with a strong El Niño.
"Not only did we have the rains, but especially in January and into February we had strong thunderstorms and tornadoes," Molleda said.
At least seven tornadoes were recorded in South Florida in January and February, according to the weather service.
And the strong storms could continue into the spring.
"March and April is the time of year when we typically start to see an increase in the number of severe weather events," Molleda said.
Temperatures in the area were also above normal but not record setters.
West Palm Beach was more than 2 degrees above normal, Miami was nearly 1.5 degrees above normal and Fort Lauderdale was .7 degrees above normal.
For today's weather forecast, click here.
shobbs@tribpub.com or 954-356-4520 or Twitter @bystephenhobbs
YORKSHIRE, ENGLAND- A weird experiment at University of York has revealed that attitudes towards God and immigration can be changed by transmitting magnetic energy into the brain.
The experiment was conducted to know how brain determines the abstract ideologies and it was accomplished by using a technique named as Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation (TMS). What it mainly did was to shut the significant groups of neurons safely in the brains of volunteers.
The scientists discovered that by doing this the religious beliefs and perceptions have been radically changed. The strength of belief in God decreased by nearly one third and the negative feeling of those volunteers (who felt that way) towards immigrants have been reduced by 28.5%.
Scientists from the University of York claim that people usually turn to ideology when they are confronted with problems.
“We wanted to find out whether a brain region that is linked with solving concrete problems, like deciding how to move one's body to overcome an obstacle, is also involved in solving abstract problems addressed by ideology,” says Dr. Keise Izuma from the university.
In the experiment, the posterior medial frontal cortex was targeted which is a few inches above the forehead and is linked with detecting and answering problems.
“We decided to remind people of death because previous research has shown that people turn to religion for comfort in the face of death,” adds Dr. Izuma.
“As expected, we found that when we experimentally turned down the posterior medial frontal cortex, people were less inclined to reach for comforting religious ideas despite having been reminded of death,” she concludes.
FLOYD MAYWEATHER ISN'T the only boxer who's closing in on a clash with a mixed martial arts fighter, according to David Haye.
The former WBA heavyweight champion says he has opened discussions about a potential boxing bout against Jimi Manuwa, who's currently ranked fourth in the UFC's light-heavyweight division.
Manuwa took his professional MMA record to 17-2 in his hometown of London earlier this month with an impressive first-round knockout of Corey Anderson in the main event of UFC Fight Night 107 at the O2 Arena. Afterwards, the 37-year-old called out David Haye.
“The answer is a resounding yes,” Haye has told The Express. “I was very impressed with his quick knockout the other night at the O2 Arena. If any of the mixed martial artists can convert over to be a successful boxer, he has definitely got the body shape and style to do so.”
Haye (28-3 as a professional boxer) is currently recovering from an achilles injury he suffered in his recent 11th-round TKO defeat to Tony Bellew. The 36-year-old Londoner returned to the ring in 2016 following a three-and-a-half-year absence.
Haye said: “We have heard from Manuwa's management and UFC so it is something that we are looking at at the moment. Obviously it is a little way off being confirmed. But it is a fight that would unify a lot of the fans from both UFC and boxing and make a mega-event.”
UFC lightweight champion Conor McGregor is currently being linked to a boxing match against Floyd Mayweather, who has already admitted his interest in coming out of retirement to face the Dubliner in pursuit of his 50th professional win — and another big payday.
“David Haye, let's do this,” Manuwa said after overcoming Anderson “We're two of the hardest hitters in London. I think that the fight makes sense. Conor wants to fight Mayweather, why not have me against David Haye on the same card?”
German police have announced that they will be monitoring the social media accounts of migrants in order to predict whether or not they will try and group up and attack women again on New Year's Eve.
German police in Cologne have one thing on their minds leading up until New Year's Eve and that is to avoid a repeat of last year's massive wave of sex attacks that took place outside the Cologne cathedral. One way they hope to achieve this is to actively read and research posts made on social media by migrants to see if they are organizing to gather and commit more attacks FOCUS Online reports.
According to the Cologne police, many of the sex mobs were organized via Facebook and Twitter and that if the police had known this beforehand they would have been able to properly react to the situation. As the situation unfolded last year the police were severely understaffed in the area around the cathedral and were not prepared for the scale of the attacks, having to let attackers go almost immediately after arresting them because there was no free police cells in the city, or vans to take them in.
The police are now employing translators to scour the Facebook and Twitter feeds of migrants across the North Rhine-Westphalia region sand hope that they will add to already existing plans to beef up the security in and around areas like train stations and public squares.
After the more than 1,000 men and women who were assaulted, sexually attacked, and robbed by migrant gangs the police are looking to radical and innovative methods to prevent a repeat of last year. Ideas already proposed include the use of helicopters, “safe retreats” for women and even the registering of all asylum seekers who enter the areas.
The attacks at the start of this year shocked the German public and were the first cracks in the “welcome culture” attitude that led people to gather at train stations to greet migrants and cheer them on last year. The idea of a “welcome culture” barely holds on in the minds of many Germans who have turned against the policies of German Chancellor Angela Merkel, and the recent murder of student Maria L. has only increased the sentiment.
Despite the fact that there were over 1,000 complaints the government has found little success in finding and prosecuting those responsible. Only 24 migrants have been successfully taken to court and convicted of crimes.
The prosecutor's office in Cologne still maintains some 820 investigations against unknown perpetrators, 372 of which are sexual assaults. The majority of these investigations have been put on hold down to insufficient evidence.
While the Cologne attacks were the largest known instance of migrant sex assaults on New Year's Eve, similar attacks took place in other German cities and in Austria.
I don't know. You wait ages for a Kevin Maguire Metal Men to come along, you pick up the 100 page Metal Men Spectacular collecting the Metal Men backup strips from last year, out this week but suddenly…
Well, it looks as if the artwork has been scanned in by a shoddy pirate. Except the speech balloons and text are perfectly crisp.
Did someone somewhere press the wrong button between low res and high res? Looking a bit like it. Here, tell me what you think.
UPDATE: DC Comics have issued a recall. Retailers have been asked to destroy them, with replacements coming soon. If you have a shoddy copy, talk to your store about getting a replacement. Then put the shoddy copy on eBay!
About Rich Johnston Chief writer and founder of Bleeding Cool. Father of two. Comic book clairvoyant. Political cartoonist.
(Last Updated )
Related Posts
None found
The subject of this report is the massive CPR Bassano train station, moved from its namesake town to Beiseker for eventual display at the Alberta 2005 Centennial Railway Museum. It currently sits, boarded up and in rough shape, not far from the foundation which it is to eventually be placed upon. Work on the project seems to have stalled however, for some unknown reason, but we'll do our best to find out why.
Built to the CPR's #10 standard plan, the original building was constructed in 1911 and comprises the main two story sections along with most of the single story extension on the shorter side (originally the west end) and about half the single story section on the opposite end. At some unknown date, but probably fairly early on, it was expanded upon with most of the additions happening on the longer east end.
Given that Bassano was an important junction and crew base, the station was a bit larger than would typically be built for a town of this population – station size was directly proportional to the amount of traffic it was to see.
Don't forget to LIKE or SHARE this post.
Passengers would of course come to town, which in the early days was booming, or they often transferred to other trains travelling a number of branch lines in the region. There was one line that headed north west to Standard Alberta and beyond, once travelling all the way to Irricana, not far from Beiseker. A second branch heading east, the Bassano Subdivision, which eventually made its way to Empress Alberta before heading into Saskatchewan. In addition, these were a number of other branches nearby off the mainline which may have been served from here – the Cassils Subdivision to Scandia for example.
The building was one of the larger wooden stations on the CPR system. It's huge! In its original layout there would have been waiting rooms, baggage rooms, an express area, along with offices. The second story is where the station agent and his family would live. In later years as passenger service declined, the structure was converted to other uses, the last being a maintenance of way crew base and storage building. There were lockers and change rooms, a lunchroom, stores and offices. This is its current configuration.
In 2009 the Beiseker Railway Museum (aka Alberta 2005 Centennial Railway Museum) received a grant allowing it to purchase the building, which was unwanted by the CPR and slated for demolition. Throughout 2011 preparations were made to the move the structure and a year later it made the 150km journey. It must have been quite a sight seeing it travelling along the highway. The trip took two days and according to reports, was for the most part uneventful.
A foundation was built in preparation of its arrival and prior to placement on it, the station was put on some temporary supports. Plans were to move the building to its final resting place in the latter part of 2012, according to the museum's website, but as you can see that did not take place. There was a problem with the foundation, again, noted on their website, and it started bowing in on one side. Attempts were made to fix it and that's pretty much the last thing know.
For some reason nothing has happened since.
Attempts to email the museum have been unsuccessful and the last ones were returned undelivered – not a good sign. Have they closed? Are there funding problems? What happened? The town office was contacted but they have no real information to share, although Beiseker's mayor has certainly expressed concerns on the subject in his own personal blog. We'll keep searching out answers and of course we're always are glad to hear from our readers should they know more.
One may ask why the historical structure was not kept in Bassano, perhaps being converted to a local history museum, a social or visitor's centre, or something like that? From what I understand an unsuccessful attempt was made to save it and keep it in Bassano. While it's nice it was not demolished, and nothing against the Beiseker Museum, it would have been better to see remain in its hometown, even if it had to be moved away from the tracks (the CPR wanted it gone from their property).
The station today sits roughly where the sidings and grain elevators were located along the CPR tracks in Beiseker – it was served by both the CP and CN by the way. In 1992 I was visiting the town and took some pictures of the grain elevators from almost the same spot where the station sits, and there is a link to that post below. The line was pulled up in the late 1990s. The CN track still sees trains.
I'd love to see the inside of the building before it's renovated.
Next to the station is a fenced in display housing a collection of rail cars and the like and these will hopefully be the subject of a report in the future. Outside the fence, one rail car can be seen on a short section of track not far from the station, CPR #360409, a former coal hopper converted to ballast car. This old timer was built in 1952 by the Eastern Car Company of Trenton Nova Scotia.
Just down from the Bassano station is another, the former CPR Beiseker station used as a municipal office. We hope to visit in the future and do a report on it.
It'll be interesting to see what will happen to the building, given the uncertainties it appears to be facing. All of us would love to see it put in place and stabilized. Clearly, a lot of work is needed though. We'll do our best to stay in touch with people who can keep us updated, plus we'll make occasional visits to personally check on its status. I can't help but think the people who tried to keep it in Bassano must be royally miffed at the lack of progress.
The station was recently moved onto its (ahem) foundation…
Bassano Railway Station.
In the early 1990s, I took a photo of the grain elevators in Beiseker along the CPR line and to view that report, click the link below…
Prairie sentinels – Beiseker Alberta.
To see the old CPR station in Empress Alberta, click this link…
Empress Alberta-1998.
If you'd like to know more about what you've seen here, by all means contact us!
Date: June, 2013.
Location: Beiseker, AB.
Thursday, February 7, 2013 at 07:25PM
A Closer Look at the (Other) Games of Richard Garfield
Richard Garfield is a poor candidate for the white knighting of this nearly unknown blogger. His most revered creation, Magic: The Gathering, has made him both rich and famous (with the pasty-skinned, unwashed basement-dwellers, at least*). However, despite having designed what is arguably the most successful hobby game of all time, Garfield gets very little love from hobby board game and card game enthusiasts—I'm looking at you BGG users. Ask them who the best game designers of all time are, and you will get varied answers, and many of them, before anyone gets around to mentioning Garfield. Part of that is the reactionary hatred to M:TG among board game hobbyists. The marketing strategy of collectable card games, a genre that Garfield pretty much pulled fully-formed from his own skull, rubs many gamers the wrong way. I read lots of “Magic is simply a he-who-spends-the-most-wins game” type of comments on board game sites. I'm not here to defend Magic, though I may write my guide to playing M:TG on the cheap at some point. What I'd like to do is make the case that, even if we remove M:TG from Garfield's oeuvre, the remainder of his designs places him among the greats in this relatively new field—the hobby-game designer. Here is a look at Garfield's best creations, minus that great big elephant trying to hide behind the bookshelf (also minus the Battletech card game because I know nothing about it).
*JK; Chill
RoboRally
When Garfield first came to Wizard's of the Coast to show off prototypes, Roborally was the game he had the highest hopes for. Many years later, he was still telling interviewers that it was his best design. In the game, players control robots racing to navigate a factory floor complete with conveyer belts, pits, and other obstacles. Using programmed movement (they place movement cards that will be executed in order from left to right), the players attempt to get their robot to be the first to navigate to a pre-determined number of checkpoints. The game is chaotic as each player's best-laid plans can easily be foiled by just one play mistake or by another player intentionally getting in the way. For me, the game exhibits the best combination of strategy and luck that I have seen in a game. The randomness, provided by the drawing of program cards and the unpredictability of human opponents, is never so much that I don't feel that I either won or lost because of the quality of my play. The most common complaint about the game is that it plays a bit longer than it should. We always play on just two floor tiles, resulting in a game that runs between an sixty and ninety minutes: just right for a light strategy game with more interesting choices than most games of that play length.
Netrunner
Netrunner was Garfield's third go at a collectable card game and it is about as perfect as the genre can be. It differs from Magic in numerous ways, but most importantly in the fact that the game is asymmetric. One player plays a hacker, the other corporate security. As the hacker attempts to steal data, the corporation attempts to fry the hacker's brain using a variety of security measures. The game was a failure as a product but critically acclaimed. Over the years since its release, Netrunner, rather than fading into obscurity like most failed games, has instead gained in stature. Fantasy Flight Games, happily, saw how popular the dead CCG remained and decided to revive it (without Garfield's input) as one of their patented Living Card Games—a non-collectable, but still expandable, offshoot of the CCG genre). Not long before I began writing this article, Netrunner was the undisputed hit of Gen Con 2012, selling out despite what FFG called a much-larger-than-average number of copies on hand. The new production is great and it's popularity suggests just how far ahead of its time Netrunner was. I can't think of many other TCGs from the post-Magic explosion that could be brought back now without feeling dated (anybody silently thinking Wyvern needs to go wash their brain off with soap).
Filthy Rich
This advertising-themed game is among the most innovative “board” games ever created. “Board” gets its qualifying quotation marks here because Filthy Rich is actually played inside a three-ring binder. Players buy businesses and place cards representing them in card-protector pages within the binder. The clear pages mean you can see all the layers at once with cards on the early pages blocking cards on the later pages. The game is meant to simulate standing at the end of a street and looking along its length at the signage, with businesses closer to you blocking the signs of those that are farther away. Players roll dice to flip the pages and determine which business gets a visit from customers each round. It is simply a stunning design that is great fun to play. Just writing this synopsis has reminded me that I've got to get this to the table for my new game group as soon as possible.
King of Tokyo
King of Tokyo is Garfield's take on the Yahtzee concept of re-rolling dice in an effort to get a particular combination. The big draw is the theme as the players each take the role of giant monsters battling in the streets of Tokyo. Players gain powers through buying cards (or mutating if the expansion is being played) and try to either control Tokyo, or otherwise gain victory points, or to simply knock out all of the other players. I started writing this article last year, but I didn't own this, Garfield's most successful new design in years, so I held up until I had a chance to get it and play it over the holidays. I'm glad I did. Since the beginning of the year, KoT is our most-played game. The first expansion gives each of the creatures more of an individual identity, which really improves the theme and adds even more variety to the game. Expansion or not, King of Tokyo has been a hit with everyone I've played it with. Bring on more expansions.
The Great Dalmuti
“Wait a minute,” you might be thinking, “Isn't the Great Dalmuti just a trademarked version of the traditional game President (Asshole, Scum, Secretary...)?” Well, yes, it is. However, it is also a great example of how a minor tweak of a game can have enormously beneficial results. Garfield, who, by the way, gives credit to the traditional-deck games that are the backbone of the design, had the simple idea of creating a new deck where the number of cards in the deck matched the numbers on the cards (Geez, that's confusing. All I mean is that there are two 2-cards in the deck...three 3's...four 4's...etc.) and adding to wild cards (jesters). This custom deck gives the Peon (low-man) a much better chance to survive the taxation round (where the players in low position give their best cards to those in the best position) since taxation usually ends with the Peon holding a larger number of cards of a high suit than any of the higher-ranked players could match. If a Peon gets into the lead, he often is going to win the round. The “Revolution” rule (which allows for an immediate flipping of the players' standings) is great fun when it happens also, especially after a string of rounds where the Greater Peon is taking a real beating from the royal players. All that really matters (for me) is that after playing and enjoying hundreds of games of President in high school and college, I now wouldn't consider playing the traditional game if Dalmuti were an option.
Pecking Order
I can't possibly know if this is true or not, but Pecking Order feels like an attempt by Garfield to create a game for the legendary Kosmos Two-player game line. Though it was published by Winning Moves, it certainly would have been right at home next to Lost Cites, Balloon Cup, and Hera and Zeus. In the game, two players compete to control perches by playing numbered cards on their side of the board (think Schotten-Totten with more spaces and no Poker hands). For my money, Pecking Order is an underrated filler that would have been received more favorably if it wasn't coming from a major designer with high expectations.
Vampire: The Eternal Struggle (Jyhad)
Jyhad, the second collectable card game created by Garfield for Wizards of the Coast was based on the White Wolf RPG Vampire: the Masquerade. Unfortunately, I haven't played enough of the game to have anything to say about it. I do know that the game has seen a revival or two over the years (the first of which saw the drop of the controversial Jyhad branding) and maintains a loyal following. After being dropped by Wizards, the game was picked up by White Wolf and is still going strong.
What Were You Thinking?
WWYT? is the only other Garfield design (along with V:TES) that I haven't played, though it hasn't been for lack of trying. A no-longer-in-print, simple party game, WWYT? continues to fetch huge prices on the reseller market (one copy on Amazon.com right now; the price—$107, though I see that the Ebay prices have fallen to a much more affordable amount). In the game, players draw category cards and then list five things that fit in the category. Points are scored for matching answers on other player's lists. Seems like an easy game to “re-create” with just pen and paper, but I still feel the need to add it to my collection. If any reader feels the need to part with a copy, let me know.
Original Diary Title:
When does an investor who's "fooled" become an investor who's "defrauded?" We may soon find out. It would appear that Bloomberg Media's lawyers must've had a hand in the phrasing of this headline atop a breaking story, tonight: "Goldman Sachs, Greece Didn't Disclose Swap, Investors `Fooled'."
(Hmmm...."fooled." What does it state in Roget's when you look up "fraud?" "Defrauded?" "Cheated?" "Scammed?")
Well, once you read the story, the bottom line is that if there's discovery, and source data (i.e.: "the smoking gun") reveals the parties were aware of the deception at the time it occurred, then it is documentation of fraud.
But, the story also tells us that, on Monday, Greek Finance Minister George Papaconstantinou now claims that this was all "legal" when it occurred?
When did defrauding investors become illegal? Yesterday?
You must be kidding me, right?
Tonight, Bloomberg tells us how Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. managed $15 billion in bond sales for the Greek government after the New York-based firm engaged in a currency swap in 2002 which enabled that sovereign state to hide the depth of its deficit(s).
Goldman Sachs, Greece Didn't Disclose Swap, Investors `Fooled'
Bloomber.com
By Elisa Martinuzzi Feb. 17 (Bloomberg) -- ...No mention was made of the swap in sales documents for the securities in at least six of the 10 sales the bank arranged for Greece since the transaction, according to a review of the prospectuses by Bloomberg. The New York-based firm helped Greece raise $1 billion of off-balance-sheet funding in 2002 through the swap, which European Union regulators said they knew nothing about until recent days. Failing to disclose the swap may have allowed Goldman, a co-lead manager on many of the sales, other underwriters and Greece to get a better price for the securities, said Bill Blain, co-head of fixed income at Matrix Corporate Capital LLP, a London-based broker and fund manager. "The price of bonds should reflect the reality of Greece's finances," Blain said. "If a bank was selling them to investors on the basis of publicly available information, and they were aware that information was incorrect, then investors have been fooled..."
The article continues on to tell us that, according to Bloomberg's research, Goldman Sachs earned roughly one billion dollars underwriting Greek bonds since 2002. Reiterating: out of the 10 bond sales that Goldman either managed or co-managed that have occurred since then, prospectuses for six of them (the other four couldn't be sourced by Bloomberg) contained no mention of the 2002 swaps.
Matrix Corporate Capital's Blain is also quoted in the fairly lengthy article's closing paragraph stating what has become pretty obvious even to folks whose I.Q. might be lower than the outdoor temperature on Wall Street this month...
"Investment banks are guilty of being part of a wider collusion that fudged the numbers to make the euro look like a working currency union," said Matrix's Blain. "The bottom line is foreign exchange and bond investors bought something sellers knew not to be the case."
The Bloomberg article also tells us that the European Union's statistics office, Eurostat, has "...ordered Greece to hand over information on the swaps transactions by the end of this week in an investigation that may extend to other EU countries."
(As a noted in another diary over the past week, Spain is among the "other EU countries" rumored to be a participant in the investigation.)
Does anyone on the planet really think the formal discovery of a "smoking gun memo" is even necessary at this point? It may be a critical "formality," but it is really just that--a formality--now isn't it?
I mean, after all is said and done, that would mean that we'd have to take a closer look at Bush Treasury Secretary Hank Paulson's knowledge of the matter, since much of this occurred on his watch when he was CEO of Goldman Sachs.
# # #
Here's some follow-up reading, complete with numerous other links (i.e.: NY Times, El Pais, etc.) on the matter, for those tracking this travesty:
"Germany: 'Goldman broke the spirit of Maastricht Treaty...'" (2/16/10)
"Johnson: Eurozone May Ban Goldman, Humiliate Fed (updated)" (2/15/10)
"First Greece; Now Spanish Intelligence Opens Wall St. Probe" (2/14/10)
"Does Wall Street Now Openly Control U.S. Foreign Policy, Too?" (2/9/10)
Anti-LGBT activist Randy Thomasson has a message for governors across America: deploy the National Guard to stop same-sex marriages.
Thomasson, who leads the right-wing group Save California, detailed his proposal last week in a memo [PDF] to “pro-family leaders concerned about marriage”:
Each governor pledges themselves to “support and defend” the plain words of their state constitution, including, in morally conservative states, the definition of marriage as only for a man and a woman. Governors raise their right hand and publicly promise to “faithfully execute” (or carry out) these written laws, as commanded by their state constitutions.
Each governor also has an administration that serves his/her pleasure that is in charge of the state's marriage forms (licenses and applications) that county clerks use.
And each governor is authorized to call out his/her state's militia or National Guard to enforce written laws and maintain public order against foreign and domestic enemies.
…
Given these facts, it is state governors that are unfortunately allowing homosexual “marriages.” And given their constitutional and statutory powers, it is not good enough for governors to merely protest by appealing to a higher court the unconstitutional opinions of bad judges.
…
In view of the current crisis on marriage, a constitutional governor can and should do the following:
Announce he took an oath to obey the constitution, not to obey a judge's unconstitutional opinion.
Announce that no homosexual “marriage” licenses will be issues, and no county clerk is permitted to issue marriage licenses to anyone other than a qualified man and woman.
Utilize the support of the state attorney general (if that constitutional officer is willing to stand alongside) or use the state's National Guard to enforce the law at county clerk's offices. (Emphasis added)
Our study is the first to report on nationwide cigarette smoking prevalence and change in cigarette smoking prevalence at the county level from 1996 to 2012. Moreover, we derived these estimates using a systematic model selection and validation process. Additionally, we report on a novel method to adjust BRFSS estimates to take into account recent changes in the BRFSS methodology, which allows for analysis of trends both before and after these changes. The BRFSS has informed data users about these changes and their potential impact on the estimates and trends but has not provided a means to adjust the data. Our correction method provides a solution and allows for the seamless use of pre-2011 and post-2011 BRFSS data for research and policy analysis across the US. Our approach provides county health officials with reliable and comparable estimates of cigarette smoking prevalence for males and females in their jurisdiction and, perhaps more importantly, provides an assessment of trends in the last 17 years to assess whether a county is making as much progress as other similar counties in the US.
Our study reveals dramatic differences in cigarette smoking prevalence across the country that would not be apparent from national estimates or even state-level estimates. Indeed, within-state variation in cigarette smoking sometimes rivals variation seen in the country as a whole. State-level estimates of cigarette smoking prevalence, while useful for beginning to explore differentials within the US and indispensable for informing state-level tobacco control policies, do not provide the same level of resolution as our county estimates and hence mask important local differences in both the current level of smoking prevalence and in trends.
County-level estimates of cigarette smoking prevalence reveal pockets of high-risk populations. Our results support previous studies that have shown that cigarette smoking rates are associated with income, educational achievement, and race/ethnicity [13, 36, 37]. We find that very high rates of cigarette smoking appear to be a particular problem for poorer communities and those with large populations of Native Americans and Alaska natives, while lower rates of cigarette smoking are found in more affluent counties and counties with large shares of Mexican immigrants. We also find considerable geographic variation, even within states, in smoking prevalence.
Our results support previously reported findings on a decline in the prevalence of cigarette smoking in the US as a whole. However, examining trends at the county level reveals that not all counties have contributed to this decline. In reality, a relatively small proportion of counties (though representing a disproportionately large share of the population) experienced statistically significant declines over this period. We find that rates of decline in smoking prevalence at the county level for men generally exceeded those for women. We also find that declines over this period were related to income: counties in higher income brackets tended to have more rapid declines than counties in lower income brackets.
These findings illustrate the importance of county-level estimates of smoking prevalence. Progress in reducing cigarette smoking will be limited as long as so many communities are left behind. A wide range of effective tobacco control policies and programs have been developed, including excise taxes, smoke-free policies, restriction of tobacco promotion activities, quitline interventions, mass-media advertising campaigns, and policies that reduce the out-of-pocket costs related to cessation treatments [8, 9, 38, 39]. Our estimates uniquely provide the means to assess where existing state-level policies may not be adequately enforced and where new county-level policies may be called for in lieu of or in addition to action at the state level. Further, as the tobacco industry seeks to maintain or increase sales, marketing of tobacco products is increasingly taking place at the local level [40]. Our county-level estimates provide a means of assessing and tracking the impact of such efforts.
These local, annual measurements of cigarette smoking prevalence can be an important stimulus to local public health decision-making and community engagement. Moreover, our methodology could be used to produce local estimates for other leading risk factors for the burden of disease and incorporated into a scoring system to rank counties in terms of their health performance. These kinds of county health profiles would enable local and state health officials to prioritize and target high-risk counties while spending local, state, and federal funds more wisely on prevention and treatment programs. Maintenance of health profiles over time will also allow tracking progress in confronting major risk factors. Being able to compare counties on a dollar-spent-per-point-reduction in prevalence will create positive competition and allow identification of best practices.
Recent work on global trends in daily smoking prevalence deserves mention despite the difference in definition of smoking prevalence employed (all types of tobacco, not just cigarettes as in the current study) [41]. For males, the counties with the lowest daily smoking prevalence are comparable to those countries with the lowest daily smoking prevalence globally: indeed, less than 0.5% of countries have lower male daily smoking prevalence than these counties. At the same time, counties with the highest daily smoking prevalence are comparable to countries with moderately high daily smoking prevalence globally: slightly more than one-third (36.9%) of countries have higher smoking prevalence among men than these counties. For females the comparison is quite different: 48.1% of countries have lower female daily smoking prevalence than the lowest daily smoking prevalence in any county in the US. At the same time, only 1.6% of countries have higher female daily smoking prevalence than the highest daily smoking prevalence among counties in the US.
We have used the BRFSS to develop county-level measurements of cigarette smoking prevalence, and its limitations need to be taken into account when using or interpreting our results. First, the BRFSS is a telephone survey and is subject to bias as a result of excluding the population that has no phone line. This represents a relatively small proportion of the population (less than 2% [26]), however, so the potential for bias is limited. Second, the BRFSS relies on self-reported smoking status and is therefore subject to self-reporting bias, which may vary by sex and by age. Third, while CDC makes BRFSS data available for all respondents in each survey, not all county identifiers are released: in particular, the county identifier for respondents from very small counties is typically masked. In some cases we have been able to obtain data directly from states and recover the county of residence for these respondents. However, we have not been able to do this for all respondents, particularly in recent years, and consequently are not able to make use of the entire BRFSS dataset in this analysis. Finally, the statistical models that we employ are also subject to error. While we have rigorously validated the model, this validation is internal to the dataset used for modeling—BRFSS—and cannot assess how well the model will perform in the presence of errors or biases in the BRFSS data. While estimates from the NHIS for total smoking are relatively consistent with our modeled estimates based on BRFSS data, there is still room for further research into why these two data sources are not more closely aligned. Further, while the correction method we employ for addressing the exclusion of wireless-only respondents prior to 2011 has the expected effect and brings our estimates of total smoking more closely in line with those from the NHIS, we have not been able to validate this methodology as thoroughly as we have the small area models, nor are we able to verify the assumption that bias due to exclusion of wireless-only respondents has increased linearly with time.
Over the past two decades, states and counties have introduced a number of policies and programs to address the tobacco epidemic. We find, however, that in a troublingly large number of counties there has been relatively little progress in reducing cigarette smoking prevalence. Many areas of the country are still smoking at levels found in previous decades when cigarette smoking was not yet widely recognized as a major risk factor for morbidity and premature mortality. Smoking is a leading cause of death and deserves acute attention by health and medical professionals. Public health is local, and we believe that our study provides the necessary tools to understand and measure patterns of smoking at the local level with existing data.
OXNARD, Calif. -- When Jason Garrett was asked about the Dallas Cowboys' signing of punter Chris Jones to an extension, he started by saying that Jones was "just a really good football player."
Now, it might seem odd to see "punter" and "football player" in the same sentence, but Garrett actually means it. And it's not just for Jones. He means it for the Cowboys' kicker, Dan Bailey, too. When the players go through combine testing in the offseason program, they are matched up with the other players on the roster.
“Their scores stack up with guys at other positions,” Garrett said. “We'll go out there and watch an agility drill and the punter and the kicker are right there with the DBs. They can compete with them athletically.”
Jones had a 30-yard run on a fake punt last year. He delivered a knockout blow on Detroit Lions punt returner Andre Roberts. Bailey is the second-most-accurate kicker in NFL history and has 14 career tackles.
“Every now and then guys will say something,” said Jones, who also holds for Bailey. “It's not, ‘You're making us look bad.' It's usually, ‘Dang, we didn't know y'all were that strong,' or, ‘We didn't know y'all were that fast.' It's pretty cool.”
Kicker Dan Bailey and punter Chris Jones have been teammates since 2011 and both are under contract through 2020. George Gojkovich/Getty Images
With Jones' extension, the Cowboys know they will have him and Bailey together through 2020, when the kicker can become an unrestricted free agent. Long-snapper L.P. Ladouceur, the second-longest-tenured Cowboy next to Jason Witten, is signed through 2017, but the team could look at an extension for him as well.
“Well, we just want to keep good players on our team. Each of those guys -- you can put L.P. in that category -- they are excellent,” Garrett said. “They are as good as anybody in the National Football League and they take great pride in doing what they do at a high level.”
Bailey has yet to miss a field goal attempt in training camp, but he is more concerned with how the operation between him, Ladouceur and Jones is working. A lot can go wrong in the 1.3 seconds it takes for the snap and the placement, but the time on task between the trio helps.
They have been together in some fashion since 2011, and Jones has been the full-time punter since 2013.
“A battery like that that's been together that long, that works as efficiently and as well as we do together, you can't compare with that,” Jones said. “It's off the charts the way those guys come to work and the work that they put in and the work we put in together collectively, it's a big deal.”
Jones has run the fake and delivered the big hit. All that is left is throwing a pass. Hey, he's a football player, remember?
“I'd like to get that,” Jones said, “but we'll see.”
The Best Bookshops in the North
The North. To the uneducated, it conjures up images of Kes, of towers belching black smoke into a gravy-flecked sky, of Geoffrey Boycott using an Eccles cake to make a perfect forward defensive.
But of course this is only 90% accurate.
Have a look at these names: Bennett, Brontë, Barker, Bragg, Browning, Burgess – six legendary writers from the north of England and that's only the bloody Bs. With such a rich literary heritage, it's no wonder that there is a veritable smorgasbord of brilliant bookshops in the north that deserve to be shouted about.
So, continuing our trawl around this sceptered isle, here – in no particular order – are our favourite bookshops in the north.
Yorkshire (Tom)
Despite being the home of such cultural icons as David Hockney, J. B. Priestley and Zayn from One Direction, Bradford is often cruelly overlooked in the hierarchy of great British cities. But one thing you can't deny is that it has a bloody brilliant Waterstones. Within the grade-I listed Wool Exchange, it's a beautiful setting for browsing the huge selection of titles. Good coffee too.
Follow Waterstones Bradford on Twitter
If you're on a literary pilgrimage to the picturesque coastal Yorkshire town of Whitby, chances are it's something to do with that Dracula guy. But once you've finished with all that nonsense, make sure you call in and see the amazing books, and staff, at the Whitby Bookshop. Knowledgeable, friendly booksellers who can always recommend something to really sink your teeth into (Bram Stoker is turning in his grave as we speak), they're a top bunch.
Follow Whitby Bookshop on Twitter
As a young scamp growing up in Yorkshire, you could often find me out walking my whippet, usually to the pork pie shop. On the way, I'd regularly call in to the Children's Bookshop in Lindley, a lovely town just outside Huddersfield. I rarely use the word ‘charming', but it really does apply here. Even if you don't have anyone to buy children's books for, it's worth popping in just to be temporarily transported back to your childhood. And if that sounds soppy or dewy-eyed, sue me.
North East (Rich)
Sometimes a bookshop isn't just a bookshop. Sometimes it's a sanctuary, a home from home. Barter books, located in the old Alnwick railway station (there's a model train that runs around the place for God's sake!), is just that. It's one of the largest secondhand bookshops in Europe and the shelves are packed to the rafters with the weird and wonderful tomes. A place to visit and revel in, and then barter for books. In 2000, the owner was looking through an old box of books bought at auction when they discovered a poster from 1939 with the slogan: ‘Keep Calm and Carry On'. A phenomenon was born, and merchandisers have spent fourteen years manipulating a beautiful, poised sentiment into prosaic, tawdry old bollocks. Way to go guys!
Follow Barter Books on Twitter
A good example of a bookshop embracing the traditonal and innovative with fantastic results. Situated in the sexy market town of Hexham, Cogito Books are strong on events and embracing local writers, and their ‘Reading Treat' gift for book-lovers (where you are sat down with a cuppa and come away with £75-worth of books selected especially for you) is a wonderful touch.
Follow Cogito Books on Twitter
Primarily frequented by zomie-like students pawing ineffectually at the door with vodka-soaked fingers, knowing that they have to read Paradise Lost in twenty-five minutes before a class, this branch of Blackwell's is absolutely top notch (and not just for students). Their regularly updated blog is well worth a read.
Follow Blackwell's Newcastle on Twitter
Manchester and Liverpool (Tom and Rich)
With some great events, a deliciously well-stocked (and very reasonable) café, and admirable link ups with local schools, Urmston Bookshop is the place to go if you're ever wandering approximately six miles southwest of Manchester city centre. A ruddy lovely shop.
Another example of an indie who combines good old-fasioned bookselling with lively events with everyone from Chris Ryan to Benjamin Zephaniah. Oh and they only bloody well sell ice-cream! Go and visit them. We guarantee you'll leave with a bag of books and a mucky face.
Follow Silverdell Books on Twitter
Linghams was named independent bookseller of the year in 2013 by The Bookseller, and those guys are never wrong. Poetry evenings, a book club, a packed events calendar, a nice coffee bar AND passionate, knowledgable booksellers all combine to make Linghams a real community hub and somewhere that's a joy to spend your hard earned dollar.
Follow Linghams Books on Twitter
Are we missing some of the Best Bookshops in the North? Let us know then, for God's sake: @StareAtBooks
The objective of the mission is to increase the green cover in the state to 50 per cent by the year 2029.
Chief Minister N Chandrababu Naidu today launched 'Mission Harita Andhra Pradesh', with the theme 'green cover for a happy living', by planting saplings at Sunkollu village under Nuzividu mandal in Krishna district.Interestingly, Harita Andhra Pradesh was a pet project of late chief minister YS Rajasekhara Reddy but Chandrababu has now made it a 'mission' with a new slogan Vanam-Manam (forest and we).The objective of the mission is to increase the green cover in the state to 50 per cent by the year 2029.Andhra currently has 23 per cent green cover (forest area) and another 3 per cent non-forest, besides 13 lakh hectares of degraded forest.The Chief Minister gave a call to everybody to plant one crore saplings today alone."We have to double the green cover by taking up plantation in four lakh acres per annum in the next 10 years. We have to grow 25-30 crore trees every year," the Chief Minister said."Everyone breathing oxygen should grow a tree otherwise you can't be called a human being," Mr Naidu said.Saplings planted would be geo-tagged while a geo-fencing would be provided to guard the plantation. Urban forests would be developed in all municipal corporations in the state, he added.Women self-help groups would be entrusted with the task of dibbling for growth of seedlings and they would be given 100 days of work every year for this under the MGNREGA, the Chief Minister announced.The state government would also establish a tree bank and come out with a white paper and an action plan for implementation of the Mission Harita AP.Ministers, public representatives, officials and others took part in the programme.
When I got home from school today I had a parcel waiting! I ripped it up as soon as I saw the Reddit adres label! Only to find to my sheer horror! Biebers. So many Biebers staring at me! I cringed at the sight but my curiousity got the better of me! After getting through Bieber box.. i came to a whole lot of Bieber wrapped things :( you are really mean gifter! Anyhoo.. after getinng throughthe torture I found candy, gummy candies in shapes of body parts! Yes! Finally to sate the cannibal inside! I chomped a few down instantly! :] then I came across a fantastic Black Plague microbe which will be a prized posession definately! Thank you rematcher for making my first ever Redditgift experience so very awesome! And well played for the trick! I will hunt you down for this though! Just wait!
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Footage shows the aftermath of the attack on the UN office in Mogadishu
At least 15 people, including four foreigners, have been killed in an assault by militant Islamists on a UN office in the Somali capital, Mogadishu, a government minister says.
The gun-battle inside the office lasted for more than an hour, witnesses said.
A cameraman outside the UN Development Programme office told the BBC a suicide bomber blew up a car at its entrance and he saw four gunmen enter.
The al-Qaeda-linked group al-Shabab said it was behind the attack.
Analysis The UN compound in Mogadishu is just a few hundred metres from the airport where thousands of African Union troops are based. It is in the heart of one of the most sensitive and theoretically well-guarded areas of the city. But following the audacious attack the gateway into the compound is now a wreck of twisted metal and rubble. For more than a year now the Somali government - and its Western and African backers - have been lauding improved security in Somalia. At a diplomatic conference in London in February, hosted by the British Prime Minister David Cameron, there was optimistic talk about the new government which was for the first time elected by a parliament. It is true that the militant Islamist al-Shabab group has been forced, by African Union troops, to leave most of their military positions in the city. But this attack shows that opponents of the government still have the capacity to hit a high-profile target which should be one of the best protected locations in the country.
Officials say pro-government forces have now secured the compound.
The UN has only recently expanded its operations in Mogadishu after years when its Somalia mission was based in neighbouring Kenya because of security fears.
This is the first time the UN offices have been attacked since it relaunched its mission in Somalia.
The UN Development Programme office is next to the heavily fortified airport in southern Mogadishu.
"A suicide bomber blew himself up at the gate of the UNDP and then several armed fighters went in and opened fire," a senior police official told the Reuters news agency.
Interior Minister Abdikarim Hussein Guled said at least 15 people had been killed - four foreign security workers, four local guards and seven militants.
Two of the dead worked for South African state weapons firm Denel, the company says.
The UK Foreign and Commonwealth Office says it is looking into reports that three British nationals are among the dead.
The al-Shabab Twitter feed says it killed 16 UN workers, including three Britons, two Kenyans and a South African during the attack.
A police official told AFP that three civilians also died after being caught in crossfire.
The cameraman, who asked not to be named for security reasons, told the BBC Somali Service that he had personally helped three people to a military ambulance.
Local residents have fled and some buildings were seriously damaged after the vehicle exploded, he said.
Image caption The security forces arrived at the scene soon after the explosion. The UNDP compound is next to the airport where the AU forces have a base. Image caption A vehicle was blown up in front of the blue gates of the UNDP's office... Image caption Most residents fled the area as gunfire could be heard from inside the compound... Image caption Several people outside were injured in the suicide explosion. Exact details of casualties are not known; al-Shabab said it had killed some foreigners... Image caption The fighting inside the UNDP complex went on for well over an hour. previous slide next slide
'Moved to bunkers'
As the cameraman was talking to the BBC at about 09:30 GMT, gunshots could be heard in the background.
Al-Shabab At A Glance Name means "The Youth" in Arabic
Formed as a radical offshoot of the Union of Islamic Courts, which controlled Mogadishu, in 2006
Previously ran much of southern Somalia
Lost some popular support by banning Western aid agencies during 2011 famine
Affiliated to al-Qaeda
Estimated to have 7,000 to 9,000 fighters Q&A: Who are al-Shabab?
He said a number of security experts had joined the African Union (Amisom) and Somali soldiers in tackling the militants.
Just after 10:15 GMT al-Shabab said on its Twitter feed: "We've just contacted the Mujahideen inside the #UNDP and they are still fighting some western mercenaries inside the compound."
Later it said it had killed some foreigners in the raid.
"The situation is under control now... Somali soldiers along with African Union forces stormed the compound and killed the attackers," Somali police official Abdulahi Osman told the AFP news agency.
Amisom described the attacked as "cowardly" and Somali Prime Minister Abdi Farah Shirdon Saaid praised the speed of the security forces' response.
"Somali and Amisom security forces responded immediately to the situation after the initial explosion and have brought the situation under control. Sadly we must wait to hear the full details and confirmation of any casualties," he said in a statement.
"All our thoughts and prayers are with our UN colleagues today. But al-Shabab will not derail the peace process. They will not stop our recovery. Violence will not win."
Earlier a UN official told the Associated Press news agency that during the sustained firing all staff were "moved to the bunkers where it's safe".
Andrew, an aid agency worker staying at a nearby hotel, witnessed some of the fighting.
"When I heard the explosions I went up onto the roof of the Jazeera Hotel," he told the BBC.
"There were six mini-explosions. We saw UN troops on the roof of their compound shooting down at the attackers. An RPG-7 hit the hotel, it hit the side wall on the fifth floor."
Al-Shabab, which had been in control of parts of Mogadishu for more than two years, withdrew in August 2011 under pressure from pro-government forces, but continues to launch occasional suicide attacks in the city.
It has also been pushed out of other cities, but still remains in control of smaller towns and large swathes of the countryside in central and southern Somalia.
The improving security situation has prompted the return of Somalis from the diaspora and allowed UN agencies and foreign embassies to return to the country.
Some 18,000 AU troops are in the country supporting the government of President Hassan Sheikh Mohamud who was elected by MPs last September.
His administration is the first one in more than two decades to be recognised by the US and the International Monetary Fund (IMF).
Quick and Easy Ways to Feel and Move Better: Installment 37 Written on March 23, 2013 at 4:14 am, by Eric Cressey Courtesy of Greg Robins, here are this week's tips to improve your nutrition and strength and conditioning programs. 1. Try these two cues to keep your butt down with your bench press technique. 2. Remember to have fun! If you are reading this post, then you probably fall into this category: You take the time to educate yourself on training and nutrition – so much so that you might tend to find yourself over analyzing and reasoning everything you do. That's all well and good, but think back to the days when you just started training. Maybe some of you had to fight against your will to workout, but most of you probably did it because you – I don't know – actually liked it?! If I scrutinized everything I did in my training, I'd come to the conclusion that about 20% of the stuff I do isn't that “intelligent” at all. Then why would I do it? After all, aren't I supposed to know better than most? The truth is that too many people know too much for their own good. They overanalyze and dissect every little thing they do in the gym. I used to be one of those guys who scoffed at others in the gym who did curls and triceps extensions. “Ha!” I would think. “What a waste of time, they should be doing more compound exercises.” Now I know enough to think otherwise. Make sure your training includes some things you just want to do. Want to do curls, and shrugs, and band extensions until your arms explode? Do it. Be safe, but have some fun, for crying out loud. 3. Try spaghetti squash, a versatile vegetable that requires very little preparation. Spaghetti squash is awesome as a vegetable side, and you can even use it to replace pasta in various recipes. The best part is that it's ridiculously easy to prepare. How easy? Try this. Cut the squash in half, and scoop out the seeds. Pour a little olive oil on both halves, and then sprinkle cinnamon, salt, and pepper on there. Bake it at 350 degrees until it softens up. Yep, it's that simple. 4. Ladies, consider doing more volume. I have trained my fair share of women. I have coached numerous figure competitors, female athletes, a few female strength athletes, and enough middle aged women that I feel like I have 5 or 6 people in my life who would willingly claim me as their son. Heck, I even train my own mom twice a week. There are quite a few things I have realized about training women, but one stands out: they THRIVE lifting weights at about 50 – 75% of what they're actually capable of lifting. Maybe it's a neuromuscular coordination thing, a mental thing, or likely a hormonal thing. The point is I am very certain it is true. 50-75% is an optimal intensity for training at higher volumes. Volume is a measure of “total work done,” and knowing that, I tend to keep the volume in a woman's program (person dependent) quite high. Smart waving through varying amounts of volume should still take place for the best result. However, the “low volume” mark for women can be set higher than that mark for men. For the women out there, consider training at a higher volume more frequently. This is easily done by adding additional sets to your main exercises and/or by adding 1-3 drop-down sets after your main work sets. The following is an example of a drop-down set: A1. Squat – 3 sets of 6 at 185lbs, followed by 2 sets of 10-12 at 145lbs 5. Match hand position to stance width. Recently, Eric did a short video on hand spacing difference between the sumo and conventional deadlift. In short, with the wider sumo deadlift one should utilize a wider spacing, and with a narrower conventional stance the opposite is true. This tip is also applicable to the squat. Many people advocate getting the hands in as close to the shoulders as possible. I find this works very well with narrower stance squat set-ups, such as the Olympic high bar squat. However, as taller individuals move their feet wider and wider they may find more success using a hand spacing that is also wider. Many folks can go super wide and manage to move the hands in quite narrow. While this does create a lot of “good stiffness,” it may not make for the best control of the bar, or ability to find the optimal spinal position. A very narrow hand position will force the torso to extend quite a bit, keeping the torso more upright. That fits well in a stance width that depends on a more vertical back position to keep the bar over the center of the foot. However, as the feet move out wider, the lift changes, and a more pronounced forward lean is optimal for keeping the load over the center of the foot. It's not the answer for everyone, and many people are successful doing the opposite of that. If you are having issues getting comfortable under the bar, give this a try! Sign-up Today for our FREE Newsletter and receive a four-part video series on how to deadlift! Name Email
Marvel's first female superhero movie, Captain Marvel, doesn't hit theaters until 2018. But MMA fighter Ronda Rousey, who not only packs a mean punch but is making a foray into the acting world, has put herself forward for the role in a recent Reddit AMA. Would Rousey make a good Carol Danvers? Here are some pros and cons.
MORE: Meet Captain Marvel: Fighter Pilot, Feminist and Marvel's Big Gamble
Pros
Captain Marvel is one of the strongest characters in the Marvel universe. Whoever plays her should be powerful too, and who better than the woman who just won Best Fighter at the ESPYs? Not only is she undefeated, she usually takes down her opponents in under a minute. She recently KO'd challenger Bethe Correia in just 34 seconds. It would be easy to buy that when Rousey's Captain Marvel hit a bad guy, he would stay down.
Rousey seems to be excited by the prospect. After the Reddit AMA, people sent her fan art of what she might look like as the superhero. She shared them on Instagram writing, “There were so many cool ones I couldn't pick just one to share.” The ones she did are pretty convincing:
Cons
The obvious problem with casting Rousey is that she hasn't had much experience on the big screen. She played a supporting role in the Entourage movie, and is also set to star in an upcoming biopic about herself. But considering that studio executives are hesitant to greenlight female superhero films — the Sony hacks revealed an email from Marvel Studios CEO Ike Perlmutter warning Sony against creating a female superhero movie for financial reasons, calling past attempts “a disaster” — a lot is riding on the Captain Marvel film. Perhaps a proven action hero like Mad Max: Fury Road's Charlize Theron, Battlestar Galactica's Katee Sackhoff or Edge of Tomorrow's Emily Blunt would make more sense.
There's also the more minor issue that Rousey said in a Reddit AMA that she would “like to vie for Miss Marvel.” This statement doesn't inspire confidence because first, Ms. Marvel, as far as we know, doesn't have her own movie in the works. And second, Ms. Marvel is currently a 16-year-old Muslim girl.
Here's the backstory: Carol Danvers, the current Captain Marvel and the character getting the silver screen treatment, did use to be Ms. Marvel. Back then she looked like this. The Marvel editors (and Captain Marvel writer Kelly Sue DeConnick) decided to promote Carol from Ms. Marvel to Captain Marvel. She now looks like this. Some fans were angry that Marvel covered her up and cut her hair, but many were delighted by her more powerful look. Captain Marvel even has a rabid fanbase called the Carol Corps.
Since the Ms. Marvel spot was open, Marvel created a new character named Kamala Khan who now occupies that role (and totally worships Carol Danvers). The new Ms. Marvel is extremely popular. The first issue even made the New York Times bestseller list.
In short, Rousey's comic book knowledge is not spectacular, though presumably she would read up on the part before agreeing to the movie.
Read Next: 10 Questions With Ronda Rousey
See the Evolution of Jennifer Lawrence Jason LaVeris—FilmMagic/Getty Images Venturelli—WireImage/Getty Images Jeff Vespa—WireImage/Getty Image Roadside Attractions John Shearer—Getty Images Kevin Winter—Getty Images George Pimentel—WireImage/Getty Images Jason Merritt—Getty Images Lionsgate Lloyd Bishop—NBC/Getty Images Kevin Winter—Getty Images Juan Naharro Gimenez—Getty Images Jeff Vespa—Getty Images The Weinstein Copany Lester Cohen—WireImage/Getty Images Christopher Polk—Getty Images Robyn Beck—AFP/Getty Images Charley Gallay—Getty Images Kevork Djansezian—Getty Images Mario Anzuoni— Reuters David Livingston—Getty Images Jamie McCarthy—Getty Images Anne-Christine Poujoulat—AFP/Getty Images Sony Albert L. Ortega—Getty Images Lionsgate John Phillips—Getty Images Franziska Krug—Getty Images Robyn Beck—AFP/Getty Images CBS/Getty Images Christopher Polk—NBC/Getty Images Adam Taylor—ABC/Getty Images Danny Moloshok—Reuters FOX NBC/Getty Images Rindoff/Dufour—French Select/Getty Images Dave M. Benett—WireImage/Getty Images Lionsgate Michael Buckner—Getty Images Karwai Tang—WireImage/Getty Images Mario Anzuoni—Reuters Jon Kopaloff—FilmMagic/Getty Images 1 of 43 Advertisement
Write to Eliana Dockterman at eliana.dockterman@time.com.
Have you noticed that Steven turning into a big cat is kind of a thing? Just look at Tiger Millionaire
I'm not kidding
Oh, and do you remember why Steven tried turning into a cat in the first place?
Steven: Alright! Show me how to change into a, uh, huge lion! Amethyst: Actually, for once Pearl is right. If you're gonna do this, you've gotta start with something easy. Steven: Like that cat you turned into?
Weird right. I wonder what the crewniverse is trying to hint at?
Oh HELL no!
You know what's worse? I'm not even finished. Steven isn't the only one who has this theme. Look at these pics I found just Lion around
Oh and do you remember Amethyst's wrestler persona?
His name is the Purple Puma
Test flights of Russia's fourth-generation MiG-35 fighter aircraft (Fulcrum-F) will begin later this summer and last into next year, the United Aircraft Corporation's (UAC) General Director Sergey Korotkov said Tuesday.
SOCHI (Sputnik) – Korotkov indicated that MiG-35 serial deliveries to the ministry could be contracted after the tests.
"The aircraft is completing the general assembly stage, and should move to flight tests in accordance with the schedule. We will begin state tests as part of the Ministry of Defense program at the end of summer. The tests will be carried out until next year," Korotkov told RIA Novosti at the Sirius education center for gifted children.
The MiG-35 is a multipurpose 4 ++ generation fighter, it is a further development of the MiG-29K/KUB and MiG-29M/M2 combat aircraft with improved combat effectiveness and versatility, as well as improved performance.
Today the Swedish Floorball Federation announced their new head coach. It was no one other than former Mullsjö coach Mikael Hill, a veteran within the Swedish floorball scene.
Who is he?
Mikael Hill is a 44-year old coach and trainer with a career reaching back to 1995. He is known as Mullsjö's former head coach, and before that Jönköpings IK. Before becoming the head coach for Sweden, he was responsible for a project that develops Swedish player who are between the Swedish U19 and the senior national team. He replaces Jan-Erik Vaara who, together with his assistant Ulf Hallstensson, resigned after Sweden's loss in the finals of this WFC. This will be no easy task. Sweden is considered world's best floorball country and has been very successful in the last years.
What does he say about it?
In an interview with the Swedish Federation he said he never focused on being a national team coach.
I would've never seen myself in this position. My coaching career has always been with clubs and the club teams. I was surprised when I was asked. But to coach the national team, is the biggest thing one can do among the sport. This is something I want to do, says Hill.
What does the Swedish federation say about it?
Chairman Tomas Engholm:
We see in Mikael Hill an excellent representative of Swedish floorball. The interest in the national Swedish team is steadily increasing and as a coach he is perhaps the primary face towards the public. [ … ]. We all have a great confidence that Mikael is the right person to develop the national team to its full extent.
What are his plan with the team?
The main objective of the new head coach is to regain Sweden's World Championship title in Prague 2018. Hill's work has already started and his first tournament will be the EuroFloorball Tour which takes place in a couple of weeks.
I want to build a team with lots of speed. I followed the World Floorball Championships as well as the World University Championships last summer and came to the conclusion that fast decision making, quick feet and ball handling are factors which have become more and more important when it comes to international floorball and the SSL. Speed is an important part of the game. I'm going to work a lot with that, in order to increase the speed in the game. Therefore I will will look for players who can play at a high tempo.
Sources: Swedish Floorball Federation – IFF
Floorball Worldwide Facebook Group - 1.920 members! Become a member For lovers of floorball worldwide! Here you find the latest news about floorball!
Join the Floorball Worldwide Facebook Group
Former Vice President Joe Biden Joseph (Joe) Robinette BidenBannon: 'Zero' doubt Trump will run for reelection Bernie is back with a bang — but can he hold on to his supporters? Klobuchar backs legalizing marijuana MORE on Tuesday told an Alabama crowd that wealthy Americans are “as patriotic” as Americans with a lower income, making a point of contrasting his remark with the rhetoric of Sen. Bernie Sanders Bernard (Bernie) SandersPush to end U.S. support for Saudi war hits Senate setback Sanders: 'I fully expect' fair treatment by DNC in 2020 after 'not quite even handed' 2016 primary Sanders: 'Damn right' I'll make the large corporations pay 'fair share of taxes' MORE (I-Vt.).
Stumping for Democratic Senate nominee Doug Jones, Biden said the former U.S. attorney grasps “fairness” when it comes to the issue of taxes.
“Doug understands about tax fairness,” Biden told the crowd. “Guys, the wealthy are as patriotic as the poor. I know Bernie doesn't like me saying that, but they are.”
ADVERTISEMENT
The comment comes amidst the debate over tax reform, for which President Trump and congressional Republicans last week unveiled a new plan that would both lower the corporate tax rate and cut the number of individual tax rates.
Sanders has railed against the Republican tax framework and has historically slammed tax cuts for the wealthy and for corporations. Both Sanders and Biden are widely viewed as potential contenders for the Democratic presidential nomination in 2020.
Biden's visit to Alabama comes as Jones aims to defeat Republican nominee Roy Moore in a state that hasn't had a Democratic senator since Howell Heflin retired in 1997.
It's possible a more centrist approach on taxes and other issues could help Jones, who is a decided underdog in the race.
It's that time of the year again where I celebrated my birthday this month in which I turned 32.
In honour of this age, I scribbled down the first 32 life lessons that came to my head and thought I'd share these with you.
You may not agree with all of them (I wouldn't expect you to!), but perhaps there maybe one or two things you could take away from it.
1. Learning is worthless if you can't apply it to your life in some way immediately.
2. If you're really, really excited about something, you'll find a way to make it happen.
3. Be adaptable. Life is a journey and it doesn't always pan out the way you would like it to.
4. Positivity will get you a lot further than negativity ever will.
5. Make travel to places you've never been before a must in your yearly calendar. You'll gain powerful new perspectives.
6. Contribute more to the lives of others.
7. Kicking off your day with an intense workout is a better wonder drug than caffeine.
8. Get a coach, a mentor or be part of a powerful mastermind group that regularly pushes you out of your comfort zones.
9. Your most important lessons in life come from your failures and challenges that you have overcome.
10. What you feed your mind is just as important as what you feed your body.
11. Your direction in life is largely the result of the daily habits you have.
12. If you have no focus for the week, month or year ahead, chances are it will be the same as the last week, month and year.
13. One of the best feelings in the world is to have had a transformational impact on someone's life, to have inspired them to achieve something that they had previously thought impossible.
14. Life won't change for the better until you step up, drop your ego and accept responsibility for where you are and what must be done to move you closer to where you want to be.
15. Society needs more women in senior, decision-making positions.
16. End each day by reflecting on what you're most proud of that day and what you're most grateful for.
17. Meditation is one of the best ways to calm the mind, eliminate stress and gain greater clarity.
18. Make health a priority. An easy win is spending less time on digital devices and more time in the beauty of nature.
19. Your income is very much driven by the value that you add to people's lives.
20. All things equal, your hard work and hustle will move you ahead of the competition.
21. Public speaking is a powerful skill to have. Without it, it is difficult to spread your thoughts and ideas in an impactful and influential way.
22. Age is just a number. It is never too late or too early to begin.
23. The invisible world (thoughts, beliefs, having a vision that is magnetic and exciting in feeling) affects our visible world (actions, decisions, etc) in more ways than you can imagine.
24. You can't do everything yourself. Learn to outsource more so you can focus on what's most important.
25. Patience and consistency are rare traits. When embraced, epic results often occur. Most want results now and aren't consistent in their daily disciplines.
26. Plan your day the night before. Plan the week ahead on a Sunday. No plans mean no focus and as the popular saying goes: ‘fail to plan, plan to fail'.
27. Live simpler. You don't really need everything you have. Decluttered environments does wonders for the mind. Something that Marie Kondo taught me!
28. Ask more and be more audacious in your requests.
29. Surprise your spouse often.
30. Failure and success are not two different concepts. Nearly all successes have come as the result of a prior failure.
31. Invest in yourself. Ask yourself the question of ‘How do I want to grow' on a regular basis. I'm happy to invest thousands into a course if, by the end of it, I've taken away just one insight that can have a game changing impact.
32. Be careful what you say ‘Yes' to. When you say ‘Yes' to something, you're saying ‘No' to something else. Be protective of your time.
While reading through the above, if there's any personal life lessons that you have, I'd love to hear what they are.
Everyone has a story to tell and a lesson to share, and I'm sure I could benefit from hearing some of these!
Jefferson Jay Thacker, also known as Perram, works as a Web Developer out of Pike Co. Ky when he isn't acting as an amateur radio personality on the Know Direction podcast… or playing a Halfling Wizard, his online handle's namesake.
Perram's Spellbook
A Pathfinder Spell Card Generator!
For use with the Pathfinder Roleplaying Game, published by Paizo Publishing.
Instructions
Select which class, level, and preferred card size, and choose 'Generate Cards!' to make your spell cards. If you choose all classes, you won't be able to select a spell level and will instead generate a set of cards for every spell.
When Printing
Before Printing, use 'Print Preview' to make sure the cards will print to your satisfaction.
Printing Margins: Designed to use 0.25 inch margins on US Letter size paper or with .75 cm margins on A4 size paper.
Designed to use 0.25 inch margins on US Letter size paper or with .75 cm margins on A4 size paper. Using "Shrink to fit" and scaling options can help produce better results depending on your browser and OS.
You may need to change your print settings to print the background colors for the cards.
Custom Cards
Don't see the card you want? Using a sourcebook not loaded into the generator? Created your own spell? Well, Perram's Spellbook can still help! Click the link below to open the Custom Card Creator, and you can create a matching card for any spell!
Filters
Death penalty costs California $184 million a year, study says
A senior judge and law professor examine rising costs of the program. Without major reforms, they conclude, capital punishment will continue to exist mostly in theory while exacting an untenable cost.
In their research for "Executing the Will of the Voters: A Roadmap to Mend or End the California Legislature's Multi-Billion-Dollar Death Penalty Debacle," Alarcon and Mitchell obtained California Department of Corrections and Rehabilitation records that were unavailable to others who have sought to calculate a cost-benefit analysis of capital punishment.
The study's authors, U.S. 9th Circuit Judge Arthur L. Alarcon and Loyola Law School professor Paula M. Mitchell, also forecast that the tab for maintaining the death penalty will climb to $9 billion by 2030, when San Quentin's death row will have swollen to well over 1,000.
The examination of state, federal and local expenditures for capital cases, conducted over three years by a senior federal judge and a law professor, estimated that the additional costs of capital trials, enhanced security on death row and legal representation for the condemned adds $184 million to the budget each year.
Taxpayers have spent more than $4 billion on capital punishment in California since it was reinstated in 1978, or about $308 million for each of the 13 executions carried out since then, according to a comprehensive analysis of the death penalty's costs.
The witness room for victims' family outside the new lethal injection… (Wally Skalij, Los Angeles…)
Their report traces the legislative and initiative history of the death penalty in California, identifying costs imposed by the expansion of the types of crimes that can lead to a death sentence and the exhaustive appeals guaranteed condemned prisoners.
The authors outline three options for voters to end the current reality of spiraling costs and infrequent executions: fully preserve capital punishment with about $85 million more in funding for courts and lawyers each year; reduce the number of death penalty-eligible crimes for an annual savings of $55 million; or abolish capital punishment and save taxpayers about $1 billion every five or six years.
Alarcon, who prosecuted capital cases as a Los Angeles County deputy district attorney in the 1950s and served as clemency secretary to Gov. Pat Brown, said in an interview that he believes the majority of California voters will want to retain some option for punishing the worst criminals with death. He isn't opposed to capital punishment, while Mitchell, his longtime law clerk, said she favors abolition. Both said they approached the analysis from an impartial academic perspective, aiming solely to educate voters about what they are spending on death row.
Alarcon four years ago issued an urgent appeal for overhaul of capital punishment in the state, noting that the average lag between conviction and execution was more than 17 years, twice the national figure. Now it is more than 25 years, with no executions since 2006 and none likely in the near future because of legal challenges to the state's lethal injection procedures.
The long wait for execution "reflects a wholesale failure to fund the efficient, effective capital punishment system that California voters were told they were choosing" in the battery of voter initiatives over the last three decades that have expanded the penalty to 39 special circumstances in murder, the report says.
Unless profound reforms are made by lawmakers who have failed to adopt previous recommendations for rescuing the system, Alarcon and Mitchell say, capital punishment will continue to exist mostly in theory while exacting an untenable cost.
Among their findings to be published next weekin the Loyola of Los Angeles Law Review:
The state's 714 death row prisoners cost $184 million more per year than those sentenced to life in prison without the possibility of parole.
A death penalty prosecution costs up to 20 times as much as a life-without-parole case.
The least expensive death penalty trial costs $1.1 million more than the most expensive life-without-parole case.
Jury selection in a capital case runs three to four weeks longer and costs $200,000 more than in life-without-parole cases.
The state pays up to $300,000 for attorneys to represent each capital inmate on appeal.
The heightened security practices mandated for death row inmates added $100,663 to the cost of incarcerating each capital prisoner last year, for a total of $72 million.
Cindy Sweet Moskowitz, board chair of the Jewish Federation of Greater Dallas. visited Israel earlier this month, and left just a few hours before Israeli troops moved into Gaza. Today, she sat down with KERA to talk about what she saw.
The Extended KERA Radio Interview.
The group organized a pro-Israel demonstration Wednesday -- hundreds of people waved U.S. and Israeli flags in front of Dallas City Hall. Gov. Rick Perry argued for Israel's right to defend itself.
“America cannot negotiate a middle ground when one party seeks the self-destruction of the other," Perry said.
Moskowitz sat down with KERA to talk about what her experiences on the Israeli side of the border. (On Tuesday, we heard from a Richardson woman living in the war-torn territory of Gaza.)
Interview Highlights: Cindy Sweet Moskowitz...
...on what she saw and heard during recent trip to Israel:
“Actually, this mission was intended to tell the story of where our dollars go, and it happened that the violence broke out. I've been to Israel many times, and this time was different. There is a palpable tension. There are constant sounds. We've all heard tornado sirens ... like if that happened 150 times over the area the size of North Texas in a day.”
...on how the violence affected her trip:
“We were limited in where we could go. For example, we were supposed to go and visit a center for independent living, and visit a woman who had just been in Dallas, speaking at a Federation event, and so she came to speak to us instead, at our hotel, and the alarm went off. And she was calming everyone, reminding us of where the safe room was, on the floor of the hotel, and we got there, and she couldn't get over the lip of the door in the wheelchair. And there we were. Another time I was in a building where an alarm went off and we went to the safe room, two people came in. ... It was an older woman … her daughter was rubbing her back … the woman was a Holocaust survivor. She just couldn't handle the sounds.”
...on meeting one of the families of the Israeli teens killed last month:
“The parents of one of the teens spoke to us. The family we spoke to had had Palestinians come to pay a condolence call in their home. They pray for peace. They pray that the Palestinian people will have leadership who represent them and who will do anything for their safety and security, who will not encourage their people to come back to places they've been warned away from.”
...on family living in Israel:
“My sister and brother-in-law have four children. Two have served in the Israeli Defense Forces; two have not yet. What does it mean to send your 19- and 20- and 21-year-old to face human shields. It's impossible to imagine -- they're sweet, fun, strong, physical boys. She's trying to plan a wedding for her oldest son and they're waiting with bated breath to hear if he'll be called up for reserves. What it means is that I can't be positive that they're safe and sound.”
...on what the Jewish Federation of Greater Dallas is doing:
“Our focus is on an emergency campaign, which is called Stop the Sirens. It's part of our national system, and through our overseas partners, we seek to provide relief in this emergency, to help people rebuild businesses that have been destroyed, to compensate for missed wages, to provide respite, particularly for children. Children are supposed to be in camps right now, not hanging around a house, waiting to go into a safe room. The dollars will be infused into the economy to rebuild at this time.”
Spread the love
Whistleblower Edward Snowden does not mince words, and his ardent assessment of our perpetually-dwindling rights in the United States and around the world — offered live in a teleconference Tuesday — certainly didn't break that mold.
“Government will not act in accordance with the public interest unless it is made to,” Snowden contended, beginning what would arguably be one of the most powerful public appearances since he blew the whistle and the U.S.' Intelligence Community's expansive surveillance programs in 2013.
“You may never be safe in any country — whether it's Brussels, or Russia, or Portugal, or the United States — to speak a necessary, but inconvenient, truth,” he continued, addressing the erosion of free speech, and a lack of justice for those who exercise that right.
Terrorism won't be combated by governments — nor by invasive surveillance. Rather, Snowden argues, such programs have proven more harmful, overall.
For instance, “the United Kingdom passed the … most extreme surveillance law in the history of the Western World last year — it's called the Investigatory Powers Bill. It authorizes objectively obscene intrusions into the public's ability to communicate, to interact, to relate to one another, to engage in industry, to trade — without interference — so long as they're not doing anything wrong.
“This is justified, of course, as a means of combating terrorism.”
"Mass surveillance is effective for many things but it does not save lives" @Snowden #EstorilConferences pic.twitter.com/b9X3GOCUXL — Estoril Conferences (@EstorilConf) May 30, 2017
Snowden stressed that nation-states invariably target the most extreme speech in platforms such as social media — posts by literal terrorists, child abuse, and other “things that are unobjectively contentious” — but the purview of governmental censorship and surveillance extends far beyond such broadly objectionable items.
However, “there is no public evidence showing that these policies are effective; that they save lives; that they make us safer.
“But there is clear evidence that they cause harm to the public. We have seen people fall on blacklists. We have seen, again and again throughout history, political parties be hamstrung, to face resistance, to be silenced by governments — because of their politics, because of their beliefs, because of their ideologies — which, over time, are always derived from what state security agencies say is a necessary effort to protect the nation.
“I'm not going to so far to say this is sort of an evil plan on behalf of the United Kingdom or any other nation, but we need to focus on one thing, the need for speech, access to free speech, free association, a free press, the ability to pick up a phone and be able to dial someone that you love without worrying about what that looks like in government database somewhere — how that will be reviewed ten years from now, when you get on a politician's bad side.
“This is the foundation of any free society.”
He added, echoing statements made in previous public appearances,
“Arguing that you don't care about free speech, because you have nothing to hide; arguing that you don't care about the censorship of the Internet, because you're not a criminal … is like arguing you don't care about freedom of speech, because you have nothing to say.”
Delving into the crucial topic of how we, as a people, can work to thwart abusive overreach by governments — including imperious censorship by a State surreptitiously working to quash dissension, Snowden asserted,
“We need the right of disagreeing. We need the right of dissent. And that means, ladies and gentlemen, we need the right to speak out — even if it's objectionable. Even if it's offensive. Even if it's problematic.
“The way to defeat bad ideas, the way to discredit terrorist ideas, is not by driving them into the shadows. It's not by censoring them from public spaces.”
Prohibiting such cadres of dangerous thought from seeing the light of day, in effect, creates an echo chamber, hidden from criticism, thus, amplifying perilous ideas — without challenge.
Such censorship and suppression isn't necessary, Snowden continued, because “these ideas are not attractive; these ideas grow best in the dark.
“If you want to defeat terrorism, if you want to cast down radicalism, don't hide it in the dark — drag it out into the light. And on the stage of the world, show people why it's wrong. And why we can do better.”
“Terrorists don't hate us for our freedom,” the former NSA contractor asserted, “they don't even know what our freedoms are… Terrorists are incapable of destroying our rights or diminishing our society they lack the strength — only we can do that.”
Lambasted as a traitor to the United States by some and hailed as a hero defender of human rights and constitutional protections by others, Snowden dismissed this dichotomous criticism as entirely moot, stating,
“I say, it doesn't matter what you think of me as a person. It doesn't matter if you think I'm the best person in the world, it doesn't matter if you think I'm the worst person in the world — the facts are the facts, regardless. They are discoverable. And — more import than what people think about me or my reputation — is what you think about what's going on in the world. What you're going to do about it. Do you have the capability to influence power, to change the world in a positive direction.”
Changing the world for the better, Snowden told the predominantly German audience attending the Estoril teleconference, begins and ends with all of us — and the imperative of vigilance against encroachment by government on all our rights.
“Rights are lost by cowardly laws that are passed in moments of panic,” he said. “Rights are lost to the cringing complicity of leaders who fear the loss of their office more than the loss of our liberties.”
“It's not enough to believe that something's wrong,” Snowden attested. “It's not enough to disagree with it. It's not enough to think that things could be better.
“You have to stand for something. You have to go out there and risk something. You have to dare yourself to actually get out there and change the world — even if in a small way, even if only for one person, even if for only one instant, you lay down a brick upon which everyone else can build.”
“That, ladies and gentlemen,” Snowden concluded, “is the only way the world has ever gotten better.”
One of the longest shadows in hip-hop is cast by a 14-month stretch from September '93 through November '94. Arguably the last and finest run of hip-hop's golden age, this period is bookended by the releases of De La Soul's alt-rap classic Buhloone Mindstate and Redman's surreal, grimy *Dare Iz a Darkside—*and encompasses so many distinctly earth-shaking individual statements it's almost beyond belief. Midnight Marauders, Enter the Wu-Tang, Illmatic, Ready to Die, Doggystyle, The Diary, Hard to Earn, Southernplayalisticadillacmuzik, *Resurrection—*even the stuff that hasn't crossed over to the same extent, like Black Moon's Enta da Stage or O.C.'s *Word…Life *or Del the Funky Homosapien's No Need for Alarm, reign as certified classics, each with their own stories to tell and unique elements that made them stand out in rap's busiest creative flourish of the coming-of-age '90s.
As profiles and reviews have regularly pointed out, Joey Bada$$ wasn't alive for any of these albums' release dates. That's not really the issue here, though it's easy to draw conclusions from that fact; when the weight of influence an artist carries has the additional weight of history piled on, that can't be good for the backbone. But as his career has developed, from the claim-staking mixtape 1999 to the moody regrouping effort Summer Knights to a litany of guest verses (A$AP Rocky's "1 Train"; the remix of Madgibbs' "Knicks"), he still hasn't strayed far from that two-decades-past area of influence, a narrow purview that's resulted in some fine mood music but little that's been transcendent or reinventive. Official debut B4.DA.$$ keeps that frustrating formula going.
And make no mistake, B4.DA.$$ is a case of squandered resources rather than some expected mediocrity inoffensively met. It sets a compelling mood well—a restless-youth disbelief in actually making it, even when all the evidence is laid out in front of him, until finally the cloud cover breaks and it all starts registering. (One of his most unguarded moments of cynicism-shaking excitement comes at the end of "Piece of Mind": A jailed friend admits that he caught Joey's new single on the radio and Joey's reaction—"oh, you heard that shit!"—is pure, hard-earned pride.) And even at their most obvious, the beats nail that East Coast melancholy winter sensation, whether coming from vets of the era Joey nods back to (DJ Premier on "Paper Trail$"; a Roots/Dilla reconstruction on "Like Me") or Pro Era hands like Kirk Knight ("Big Dusty"; "Hazeus View") and Chuck Strangers ("Escape 120"; "Black Beetles"). Some of the homages are blatant to the point of distracting; if you can hear Statik Selektah's beat for "No. 99" and not scoff at the idea of putting a Canal Street "Scenario" knockoff in the middle of an otherwise moody album, I envy your reserve. But the heavy traditional soul-jazz/boom-bap backing is at least well-executed, and the occasional shakeup via drum'n'bass-adjacent uptempo breaks ("Escape 120"; bonus track "Teach Me") is welcome. You could do far worse than to pick this record up for meditative late nights or bad-weather commutes, where it's best to just zone out and let the vibe sneak up on you.
But the catch for an MC aiming his sights at the pantheon of stylistic greatness circa '93-'94 is that the people who appreciate that music the most—especially the people who came of age with it as their soundtrack when that shit was new—are also the least forgiving when it comes to lyrical complacency. And with a voice and a flow barely distinct enough to be instantly recognizable just yet, there's no margin of error for Joey here. There aren't enough intricate lines to make up for the ones so flatly familiar they feel like placeholders: check one-verser "Christ Conscious" and its opening-line "Motherfuckin' microphone checker/ Keep that grip tight, like my Smith & Wesson" couplet, then realize that there's still Namedrop 101 references to Ike Turner, "Dragon Ball", and Thriller-era Michael on the way. There aren't enough unexpected detours to compensate for the constant quasi-iconoclastic invocations of other artists' well-known hooks, with "Paper Trail$" and its nuance-draining "Cash ruined everything around me" maybe the most egregious. And most disappointing of all, there's not enough spark to the rhymes to excuse the goofy metaphors ("Hazeus View": "I'm a titan, like Zeus I enlighten 'em/ Kick flows till it's kung fu fightin' 'em"). He's still relatively young, but Joey's experienced enough worth sharing that it feels like his words are inadequate to even cover its scope.
And that's what separates albums like this from records you just kind of shrug at and move on from. Joey's less than a month into his twenties and he's already lost a close friend in Capital STEEZ, is trying to figure out his place in the rap world (and the rest of the world) under a social media microscope, and has to live up to being the type of new-hope torch-carrier who can get friggin' Primo to do a beat for him. Through all of this, he still has to develop and evolve, in public, after already setting a precedent for himself as an ambassador for the aesthetic of a previous, endlessly revered and long-lamented era. That he can hint at who he really is beneath the simplistic words and still-developing voice is a good sign, and with the opportunity to vent on this record—dealing with money woes ("Paper Trail$"), strengthening familial ties ("Curry Chicken"), reflecting on a childhood he's growing out of yet still strongly shaped by ("O.C.B.", short for "only child blues")—he's gradually but noticeably building up a real identity on record. But if that next level's within reach, there has to be one obstacle to overcome: Firsthand truths take longer to sink in when they're delivered with secondhand styles.
Wall Street could see over 36,000 job losses: economist
Updated
Wall Street could lose over 36,000 jobs because the financial credit crisis has rocked markets and stunned the US economy, labour market analyst with New York state's labour department, James Brown estimated.
"History suggests it's going to be something of that magnitude," Mr Brown said, noting Wall Street employment peaked at 200,300 in December 2000, nine months before the September 11, 2001 air attacks.
Losing one in five jobs on Wall Street could have dire consequences for the New York City's economy.
Mr Brown's estimate was almost double the 20,000 job losses over the next two years that the city's Independent Budget Office forecasted in March.
At the end of last month, there were 182,300 people working at banks and brokerages, down more than 5,000 jobs since September.
The smaller scope of the layoffs seen so far, however, likely reflects the lag between the end of severance payments and when job hunters file for unemployment benefits, Mr Brown explained.
Unlike much of the nation, layoffs and falling profits on Wall Street pose a bigger risk to New York City's economy than the housing-led downturn that threatens the nation, according to economists and Mayor Michael Bloomberg.
Bankers, brokers and traders earned an average salary and bonus of $340,312 a year in 2006, Mr Brown said.
Wall Street's total compensation amounts to almost 35 per cent of all salaries and wages earned in the city, according to city officials.
The taxes that Wall Street's denizens and their employers pay mean the city's finances mirror this sector's roller-coaster cycles.
- Reuters
Topics: work, business-economics-and-finance, economic-trends, industry, banking, markets, community-and-society, united-states
First posted
Jim Young / Reuters Green Party presidential candidate Jill Stein speaks at a campaign rally in Chicago, Illinois, U.S. September 8, 2016.
Green party candidate Jill Stein is a medical doctor, but she's got some unorthodox views about an issue most of her peers and other experts find uncontroversial: the vaccine regulatory process.
In a video interview with The Washington Post last Friday, she said that while vaccines have played an important role in keeping us healthy and safe, there are legitimate concerns about how those vaccines are approved and regulated.
“I think there's no question that vaccines have transformed public health and have been absolutely critical in ridding us of the scourge of many diseases: small pox, polio, etc. So vaccines are an invaluable medication,” Stein said. “Like any medication, they also should be — what shall we say? — approved by a regulatory board that people can trust.”
The comments mirror statements she made during a Reddit “Ask Me Anything” forum in May, when she described corporate influence over U.S. vaccine regulation as “foxes... guarding the chicken coop,” claiming regulatory boards are “routinely packed with corporate lobbyists and CEOs.” (Stein also seemed to suggest that in an “unheard of” situation, the U.S. doesn't allow medical exemptions to its vaccination program; in fact, all states offer medical exemptions.)
While Stein is not strictly “anti-vaccine,” she is promoting a narrative that the vaccine regulation process in the U.S. is corrupt and untrustworthy ― a common refrain from actual anti-vaxxers. In fact, the U.S. vaccine regulatory process is a global model for how any drug should be tested and approved before hitting the market, several vaccine experts told The Huffington Post.
Medical experts respond with disdain and disappointment
Dr. Paul Offit, a professor of pediatrics in the division of infectious diseases at the Children's Hospital of Philadelphia, slammed Stein for peddling conspiracy theories in what he thinks might be an effort to appeal to alternative health voters.
“She's not skeptical, she's cynical,” Offit said to HuffPost. “Where is the evidence that corporate influence has caused either the [Food and Drug Administration] or [Centers for Disease Control and Prevention] to make decisions to hurt American children?”
”She'll be attractive to the anti-vaccine groups,” Offit concluded. “But then again, they already have Trump.”
Others including Dr. Joshua Sharfstein, associate dean for public health practice and training at the Johns Hopkins Bloomberg School of Public Health, weighed in on Twitter.
These comments on vaccines by @DrJillStein are embarrassing to @harvardmed and physicians everywhere https://t.co/4tpBNg7SVc — Joshua Sharfstein (@drJoshS) July 29, 2016
In a statement emailed to HuffPost, Stein's campaign likened the negative reaction to her vaccine statements to the “birther” controversy of 2008. They also said that her comments are not about the effectiveness of vaccines, but about “the erosion of public trust caused by the corrupting influence of the pharmaceutical industry in regulatory agencies and government in general.”
However, she didn't cite any example of modern vaccines that have hurt people, nor any examples of ill corporate influence on vaccines. She instead brought up the arthritic painkiller Vioxx, which was recalled from the market in 2004 after a clinical trial showed it doubled the risk of serious heart disease.
“Science is a method of asking questions that doesn't always provide the comforting certainty that the media demands from politicians,” the campaign's statement said, in part.
Those who say I'm "anti-vaxx" are anti-facts. They're lying to distract you from our revolt against 2-party failure. https://t.co/F4JVaMNNoS — Dr. Jill Stein (@DrJillStein) July 31, 2016
Here's what it takes to get a vaccine recommended
On average, vaccines take about 10 to 15 years or more to develop. After preclinical research presents scientists with a potential vaccine, the new drug undergoes three stages of rigorous clinical trials, overseen by the FDA's review team, to check for both safety and effectiveness. According to the FDA, these clinical trials generally stretch over a period from several years to more than six.
Then the vaccine and its trial results are reviewed by the FDA's Vaccines and Related Biological Products Advisory Committee, composed of independent experts like scientists, doctors, biostatisticians and consumer representatives, to see if the vaccine is safe and effective. Of the current 17-member VRBPAC panel, two represent pharmaceutical companies, while the remaining 15 represent government agencies, research centers, universities and hospitals.
After the FDA licenses a vaccine, the CDC's Advisory Committee on Immunization Practices launches an extensive review process to see if the vaccine should be part of the official immunization schedule, or even be recommended at all.
These meetings, scheduled three times a year, are open to the public and are available for viewing online. Transcripts are produced afterward to give the public a chance to comment. According to the ACIP website, its 15 voting members are experts in everything from vaccinology and pediatrics to public health and preventive medicine, and none of them are allowed to have a conflict of interest, financial or otherwise, in the vaccine being regulated. The most recent voting ACIP panel was made up of representatives from university research centers, federal government agencies, state departments of health, hospitals and the March of Dimes.
“The ACIP scrupulously pays attention to potential conflicts of interest and members of the ACIP must recuse themselves from participating in the recommendation process and voting if they have a conflict of interest,” explains Dr. Larry Pickering, a former executive secretary of the ACIP now an adjunct professor at Emory University.
America's vaccine regulation process is world class
Patsy Stinchfield, senior director of infection prevention and control at Children's Hospitals and Clinics of Minnesota, called the vaccine regulation process a “model government public/private decision-making body” because of the transparency and openness of the meetings, the inclusion of journalists in the room, and rules that require ACIP members to disclose any financial holdings in vaccine companies and abstain from voting if they have a conflict of interest.
“The chance is nil for corporate influence on the CDC vaccine deliberations,” said Stinchfield, who has been involved with ACIP for 14 years ― four as a voting member and 10 as a liaison representing the National Association of Pediatric Nurse Practitioners.
Heidi Larson, director of The Vaccine Confidence Project at the London School of Hygiene & Tropical Medicine, said pharmaceutical corporations can only dream of influencing the process in the way Stein suggests.
“Drug companies may wish they dictated the regulation of vaccines (and other products), but they don't,” she said. “The regulatory bodies need to have regular contact with corporations because they regulate them ― it does not mean that they are controlled by the corporations.”
Larson also noted that Stein's Reddit assertion that people in other countries “trust their regulatory agencies and have very high rates of vaccination” isn't the case, either.
“I'm not sure where she gets her information on this, and she clearly hasn't heard the news about the recent major vaccine scandals in China and Indonesia where they have serious, real problems with the regulatory system, and the public distrust there is legitimate, not misinformed,” said Larson, referring to recent scandals that include selling vaccines after their expiration date or administering counterfeit shots that don't contain any vaccine at all.
“The regulatory bodies need to have regular contact with corporations because they regulate them ― it does not mean that they are controlled by the corporations.” - Heidi Larson, director of The Vaccine Confidence Project at the London School of Hygiene & Tropical Medicine
The bottom line is that the U.S. regulatory process for vaccines works, says Dr. Walter Orenstein, who directed the U.S. Immunization Program at the CDC from 1988 to 2004 and is now associate director of the Emory Vaccine Center.
”The impact of the vaccines in the childhood/adolescent and adult immunization schedules for disease prevention has and continues to be remarkable,” Orenstein said.
Perhaps most tellingly, ACIP members use the vaccines they approve on their own children and family members.
“Members of advisory groups for FDA and for CDC have families that are impacted by vaccine licensing and recommendations,” he said. “For example, the ACIP recommendations are what physicians and nurses used to ensure our own children were vaccinated and what health care professionals used to fully and appropriately immunize our grandchildren.”
Larson believes Stein's statements on vaccines are especially misguided if voters are to take seriously her concern about the regulatory process.
dot89 Profile Joined February 2012 81 Posts Last Edited: 2014-01-16 06:46:52 #1
EnDerr's reaction to qualifying for Challenger League - Before and After
+ Show Spoiler +
Hi Enderr, congratulations on qualifying for Challenger League! Tell us a little bit about yourself and your team.
EnDerr: Oh thanks! Hi, I'm Caviar Napoleon M. Acampado aka EnDerr zerg player from philippines and currently playing for a local team called Imperium Pro Team. Imperium Pro Team is a newly created team this 2014 with SC2, LOL and Fighting division roster.
Oh thanks! Hi, I'm Caviar Napoleon M. Acampado aka EnDerr zerg player from philippines and currently playing for a local team called Imperium Pro Team. Imperium Pro Team is a newly created team this 2014 with SC2, LOL and Fighting division roster. How happy was your team and teammates when you qualified?
EnDerr: Well after my 3rd match vs Petraeus they all screamed at my back and hug me and all you can see is a smiling face.
Well after my 3rd match vs Petraeus they all screamed at my back and hug me and all you can see is a smiling face. That's great to hear! When we asked the pro players and the community who they thought would qualify, many people overlooked you. What did *you* think were your chances of qualifying?
EnDerr: When I saw the list of players who will participate on the 2nd round, I thought that I can beat all these players but I know that it will be hard when it comes to Kingkong, PiG and Petraeus.
It's like I know I can be one of the top 3 as long as I play my A game.
When I saw the list of players who will participate on the 2nd round, I thought that I can beat all these players but I know that it will be hard when it comes to Kingkong, PiG and Petraeus.It's like I know I can be one of the top 3 as long as I play my A game. Absolutely, and looking at your recent results it's clear to see why. You narrowly missed the playoffs at WCG after defeating desRow, BLord, Suppy and Brat_OK!
How has your practice been in the lead up to these tournaments?
EnDerr: Well I've been playing a lot recently before the WCG like laddering and practicing with my clanmates at DuSt and been recruited to play on local Team called Imperium Pro Team which offered me a place where I can play 24hrs and focus on Starcraft 2 like a progamer, it's been 1 week actually when I got to Imperium Pro Team.
So I got 1 week preparing fulltime for the WCS sea qualifier.
Well I've been playing a lot recently before the WCG like laddering and practicing with my clanmates at DuSt and been recruited to play on local Team called Imperium Pro Team which offered me a place where I can play 24hrs and focus on Starcraft 2 like a progamer, it's been 1 week actually when I got to Imperium Pro Team.So I got 1 week preparing fulltime for the WCS sea qualifier. That's quite impressive! How developed is the StarCraft scene in your home country of the Phillipines?
EnDerr: Well for 2013 its not that good because even though there's alot of lan and online tournaments for SEA, there are just few people who joined this tournament. For 2014 Since it's just starting I cant really say anything for now, but I think it will be better that 2013 since there are new organization here that are planning to host SC2 tournaments and because of the WCS format also.
Well for 2013 its not that good because even though there's alot of lan and online tournaments for SEA, there are just few people who joined this tournament. For 2014 Since it's just starting I cant really say anything for now, but I think it will be better that 2013 since there are new organization here that are planning to host SC2 tournaments and because of the WCS format also. Sounds like the SEA region unfortunately. The good thing however is that there are many online tournaments every week!
While you were seeded into Day 2 of the qualifiers, your day started off poorly when you lost in Round One of the Winners Bracket. How did you feel about losing to Probe, a relative unknown to the pro scene?
EnDerr: To be honest, I thought the bracket favored me because I'll be starting with Probe because I thought that I can beat him easily until the game 2 was over, I don't know if I'm just nervous since it's my first match but when I saw the 2-0 Iaguz also and observe his 1st game with PiG, I realized that he improved alot like A LOT! And if you're going to ask me who is the best Protoss in SEA/Oceania for now... that would be Probe.
To be honest, I thought the bracket favored me because I'll be starting with Probe because I thought that I can beat him easily until the game 2 was over, I don't know if I'm just nervous since it's my first match but when I saw the 2-0 Iaguz also and observe his 1st game with PiG, I realized that he improved alot like A LOT! And if you're going to ask me who is the best Protoss in SEA/Oceania for now... that would be Probe. Yes, Probe to all-kill (:p)
Despite this setback, your run through the lower bracket was amazing, as you pretty much started as far back as possible. What kept you motivated to continue fighting all the way back and being able to defeat Petraeus?
EnDerr: I'm really frustrated at myself by the time that I lost to Probe because I got nervous and can't think as fast as what I used to and I don't know what the reason is. Our team leader started to say things that will motivate me and make me focus on the tournament, fortunately it helped me alot cause being honest, I really felt pressure in my new team because I wanted to give them a big achievement ASAP.
I'm really frustrated at myself by the time that I lost to Probe because I got nervous and can't think as fast as what I used to and I don't know what the reason is. Our team leader started to say things that will motivate me and make me focus on the tournament, fortunately it helped me alot cause being honest, I really felt pressure in my new team because I wanted to give them a big achievement ASAP. What are your hopes for Challenger League? Any particular players of races you feel hopeful to play?
EnDerr: I'm ready for anything because I'll be practicing hard for it, I just hope my practice will be enough for me to qualify. I hope that they inform as also ASAP with the schedules and who the player was so we SEA players can practice for it.
I'm ready for anything because I'll be practicing hard for it, I just hope my practice will be enough for me to qualify. I hope that they inform as also ASAP with the schedules and who the player was so we SEA players can practice for it. You're not the only one wanting to know!
Are you playing full time? Do you work or study on the side?
EnDerr: Yes, I'm playing fulltime.
Yes, I'm playing fulltime. That's awesome! How long have you been playing fulltime for?
EnDerr: Since the release of WoL.
Since the release of WoL. It's good to see your dedication paying off.
Okay last question. If you were stuck on a deserted island, which StarCraft unit would you want to have with you?
EnDerr: ok let me think about it hmmm...
A baneling so I can poke it and then kill myself :D
ok let me think about it hmmm...A baneling so I can poke it and then kill myself :D Thank you for the interview. Any shoutouts?
EnDerr: I would like to take this opportunity to thank my team for supporting me and all of my other supporters, expect a lot from me this 2014! SEA players fighting! :D
Twitter: @EnDerrPH
Stream: EnDerrPH
Facebook: EnDerr
Contributors:-
Interview: x5 Dot
Editing: x5 Daehfeurd
Header image of Enderr: Credit to Moreen Guese
All StarCraft 2 images are the property of Blizzard Entertainment You can follow and find out more about EnDerr here:Contributors:-Interview: x5 DotEditing: x5 DaehfeurdHeader image of Enderr: Credit to Moreen GueseAll StarCraft 2 images are the property of Blizzard Entertainment I would like to take this opportunity to thank my team for supporting me and all of my other supporters, expect a lot from me this 2014! SEA players fighting! :D http://www.team-exile5.org/ | Sponsored by NVIDIA, CM Storm and CoolerMaster
-General Stuff-
Name: Natasha
Nickname/Alias(es): Nat, Sasha, Aqua, Mac N' Cheese, Cheesy, Rino's Child
Race: Griffon
Gender: Female
Age: Young Adult
Additional Status: Self Sufficient
-Physical Stuff-
Pelt Color: Mainly Black, White front legs and Under belly.
Feather Color and Style: White in the front down the neck with black on the head and eyes to beak, back of the head down is also black.
Eye Color: Bright Orange
Other Scars/Markings: Has a few red feathers along the crest, and also before her claws on her two front legs.
Physique: Slender, strong wings and fairly light.
-Social Stuff-
Current Residence: Lives in Stalliongrad mainly, has a summer home in Sunnyskies. Often travels.
Job: Restaurant Entrepreneur
Mother: Scarlata (Scar-La-Ta)
Father: Macarino (Mac-Ah-Ree-No)
Sibling(s): Advent [younger brother]
Closest Friends: N/A
Courting/Courted By: N/A
Mate: N/A
Hatchling(s): N/A
-Personality Stuff-
Likes: Snow, The Sun, Fish, Food in General, Sports, Fights (sometimes), Unicorns and Earth Ponies, and lastly she enjoys Exotic and Shiny Objects.
Dislikes: Humidity, Deserts, Bad Fish, Bad Food in General, Mac and Cheese, Most Pegasi and Griffons, and Wet-Blankets.
Motivation: To keep her family business running, mainly because it was her fathers dream and she made it happen. She doesn't want to let him down and she doesn't want to lose her powerful income since she uses it to keep the rest of her family comfortable. Without it, not only herself but three other lives are at stake.
Strengths: Very honest, a fast swimmer, a Great Negotiator, and a decent cook.
Weaknesses/Flaws: Too honest on occasion, very Hot Headed, and sometimes a Hypocrite.
Fears: Failure, Breaking a Wing, and Heights.
Overall Persona: She's generally a bit of an unpleasant being to be around, a very strict business thinker and usually very cheap unless she is expected to pay high expenses (such as the high class restaurants that reside in Canterlot). Ever since she was little she had always enjoyed the snow and the cold, but because of her breed of griffon she has had on many occasions been bullied by other breeds of griffon and boasting Pegasi. With this reaction from others she is very defensive around others of her kind and especially Pegasi, often becoming very snarky and occasionally resulting in ground fights. After years of dealing with it, she's not in as many fights as she was in her younger years, but she is still very intolerant of Griffons and Pegasi. Not entirely heartless, she loves her family dearly and only wishes for ONLY the best for them. With this in mind she makes sure to do whatever and everything she can to help them live more comfortable lives than the ones they used to have. Making her fathers dream come true, and also giving back to the parents who raised her. It's also a plus that she gets to almost spoil her little brother, not to the point of being a brat however since she still playfully bullies him. Elder Sister Rights, whatcha gonna do?
(c) Me
MLP (c) Hasbro
FIM (c) Lauren Faust
IN THE early 20th century the future seemed bright for horse employment. Within 50 years cars and tractors made short work of equine livelihoods. Some futurists see a cautionary tale for humanity in the fate of the horse: it was economically indispensable until it wasn't. The common retort to such concerns is that humans are far more cognitively adaptable than beasts of burden. Yet as robots grow more nimble, humans look increasingly vulnerable. A new working paper concludes that, between 1990 and 2007, each industrial robot added per thousand workers reduced employment in America by nearly six workers. Humanity may not be sent out to pasture, but the parallel with horses is still uncomfortably close.
Robots are just one small part of the technological wave squeezing people. The International Federation of Robotics defines industrial robots as machines that are automatically controlled and re-programmable; single-purpose equipment does not count. The worldwide population of such creatures is below 2m; America has slightly fewer than two robots per 1,000 workers (Europe has a bit more than two). But their numbers are growing, as is the range of tasks they can tackle, so findings of robot-driven job loss are worth taking seriously.
Get our daily newsletter Upgrade your inbox and get our Daily Dispatch and Editor's Picks.
The paper's authors, Daron Acemoglu of the Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT) and Pascual Restrepo of Boston University, are careful to exclude confounding causes as best they can. Their results are not driven by a few robot-intensive regions or industries, and are distinct from the effect of trade with China, or offshoring in general. Increased robot density does not seem to raise employment among any group of workers, even those with university education. Since relatively few industrial robots are in use in the American economy, the total job loss from robotisation has been modest: between 360,000 and 670,000. By comparison, analysis published in 2016 found that trade with China between 1999 and 2011 may have left America with 2m fewer jobs than it would otherwise have had. Yet, if the China trade shock has largely run its course, the robot era is dawning.
Economically speaking, this should not be a problem. Automation should yield savings to firms or consumers which can be spent on other goods or services. Labour liberated by technology should gravitate toward tasks and jobs in which humans retain an advantage. Yet that should also have been true of horses. The use of tractors in agriculture rose sharply from the 1910s to the 1950s, and horses were displaced in vast numbers. But some useful horse-work remained (as indeed it does today). The difficulty facing horses was in reallocating the huge numbers displaced by technology to places where they could still be of use.
The market worked to ease the transition. As demand for traditional horse-work fell, so did horse prices, by about 80% between 1910 and 1950. This drop slowed the pace of mechanisation in agriculture, but only by a little. Even at lower costs, too few new niches appeared to absorb the workless ungulates. Lower prices eventually made it uneconomical for many owners to keep them. Horses, so to speak, left the labour force, in some cases through sale to meat or glue factories. As the numbers of working horses and mules in America fell from about 21m in 1918 to only 3m or so in 1960, the decline was mirrored in the overall horse population.
The analogy with horses can clearly be taken too far. Yet the experience is instructive. Automation is reducing human wages; Messrs Acemoglu and Restrepo reckon that one additional industrial robot per thousand workers reduces wages across the economy by 0.5%. Real wage growth in many rich economies has been disappointing for much of the past two decades. Low wages are enabling some reallocation of workers. An overwhelming share of the growth in employment in rich economies over the past few decades has been in services, nearly half in low-paying fields like retailing and hospitality. Employment in such areas has been able to grow, in part, because of an abundance of cheap labour.
Yet low pay leads to policies that complicate the labour-market adjustment. Instead of bumping off excess labour, rich economies provide some social support: unemployment benefits, social security or disability payments, and assistance with housing and food. When the jobs on offer are poor, that cushion, though meagre, can be enough to draw people out of the labour force into indolence—particularly if families offer extra help.
The horses of instruction
Horses might have fared better had savings from mechanisation stayed in rural areas. Instead, soaring agricultural productivity led to falling food prices, lining the pockets of urban workers with more appetite for a new suit (or car) than anything four-legged. Similarly, the financial returns to automation flow to profitable firms and their shareholders, who not only usually live apart from the factories being automated but who save at high rates, contributing to weak demand across the economy as a whole. Indeed, roughly half of job losses from robotisation (as from exposure to Chinese imports) are attributable to the knock-on effect from reduced demand rather than direct displacement.
Today's horses are not entirely without work. Some still find gainful employment; a few are very valuable indeed. For people to fare better, and retain more than a rump of work reserved for those of exceptional ability, they must prove a better match for clever machines than horses were for mechanical equipment. And societies should perhaps respond with more determination and care than horse-owners did a century ago.
Good has won this time. To be more exact, source codes of the Chromium project have won. Chromium is one of the best projects we have checked with PVS-Studio.
Chromium is an open-source web-browser developed by Google and intended to provide users with fast and safe Internet access. Chromium serves as the base for the Google Chrome browser. Moreover, Chromium is a preliminary version of Google Chrome as well as some other alternative web-browsers.
From the programming viewpoint, Chromium is a solution consisting of 473 projects. The general size of the source C/C++ code is about 460 Mbytes and the number of lines is difficult to count.
These 460 Mbytes include a lot of various libraries. If you exclude them, you will have about 155 Mbytes. It is much less but still a lot of lines. Moreover, everything is relative, you know. Many of these libraries were created by the Chromium developers within the task of creating Chromium itself. Although such libraries live by themselves, still we may refer them to the browser.
Chromium had become the most quality and large project I have studied during testing of PVS-Studio. While handling the Chromium project it was not actually clear to us what was checking what: we have found and fixed several errors in PVS-Studio related to C++ file analysis and support of a specific project's structure.
Many aspects and methods used in Chromium show the quality of its source code. For instance, most programmers determine the number of items in an array using the following construct:
int XX[] = { 1, 2, 3, 4 }; size_t N = sizeof(XX) / sizeof(XX[0]);
Usually it is arranged as a macro of this kind:
#define count_of(arg) (sizeof(arg) / sizeof(arg[0]))
This is a quite efficient and useful macro. To be honest, I have always used this very macro myself. However, it might lead to an error because you may accidentally pass a simple pointer to it and it will not mind. Let me explain this by the following example:
void Test(int C[3]) { int A[3]; int *B = Foo(); size_t x = count_of(A); // Ok x = count_of(B); // Error x = count_of(C); // Error }
The count_of(A) construct works correctly and returns the number of items in the A array which is equal to three here.
But if you apply by accident count_of() to a pointer, the result will be a meaningless value. The issue is that the macro will not produce any warning for the programmer about a strange construct of the count_of(B) sort. This situation seems farfetched and artificial but I had encountered it in various applications. For example, consider this code from the Miranda IM project:
#define SIZEOF(X) (sizeof(X)/sizeof(X[0])) int Cache_GetLineText(..., LPTSTR text, int text_size, ...) { ... tmi.printDateTime(pdnce->hTimeZone, _T("t"), text, SIZEOF(text), 0); ... }
So, such errors may well exist in your code and you'd better have something to protect yourself against them. It is even easier to make a mistake when trying to calculate the size of an array passed as an argument:
void Test(int C[3]) { x = count_of(C); // Error } According to the C++ standard, the 'C' variable is a simple pointer, not an array. As a result, you may often see in programs that only a part of the array passed is processed.
Since we have started speaking of such errors, let me tell you about a method that will help you find the size of the array passed. You should pass it by the reference:
void Test(int (&C)[3]) { x = count_of(C); // Ok }
Now the result of the count_of(C) expression is value 3.
Let's return to Chromium. It uses a macro that allows you to avoid the above described errors. This is how it is implemented:
template <typename T, size_t N> char (&ArraySizeHelper(T (&array)[N]))[N]; #define arraysize(array) (sizeof(ArraySizeHelper(array)))
The idea of this magic spell is the following: the template function ArraySizeHelper receives an array of a random type with the N length. The function returns the reference to the array of the N length consisting of 'char' items. There is no implementation for this function because we do not need it. For the sizeof() operator it is quite enough just to define the ArraySizeHelper function. The 'arraysize' macro calculates the size of the array of bytes returned by the ArraySizeHelper function. This size is the number of items in the array whose length we want to calculate.
If you have gone crazy because of all this, just take my word for it - it works. And it works much better than the 'count_of()' macro we have discussed above. Since the ArraySizeHelper function takes an array by the reference, you cannot pass a simple pointer to it. Let's write a test code:
template <typename T, size_t N> char (&ArraySizeHelper(T (&array)[N]))[N]; #define arraysize(array) (sizeof(ArraySizeHelper(array))) void Test(int C[3]) { int A[3]; int *B = Foo(); size_t x = arraysize(A); // Ok x = arraysize(B); // Compilation error x = arraysize(C); // Compilation error }
The incorrect code simply will not be compiled. I think it's cool when you can prevent a potential error already at the compilation stage. This is a nice sample reflecting the quality of this programming approach. My respect goes to Google developers.
Let me give you one more sample which is of a different sort yet it shows the quality of the code as well.
if (!file_util::Delete(db_name, false) && !file_util::Delete(db_name, false)) { // Try to delete twice. If we can't, fail. LOG(ERROR) << "unable to delete old TopSites file"; return false; }
Many programmers might find this code strange. What is the sense in trying to remove a file twice? There is a sense. The one who wrote it has reached Enlightenment and comprehended the essence of software existence. A file can be definitely removed or cannot be removed at all only in textbooks and in some abstract world. In the real system it often happens that a file cannot be removed right now and can be removed an instance later. There may be many reasons for that: antivirus software, viruses, version control systems and whatever. Programmers often do not think of such cases. They believe that when you cannot remove a file you cannot remove it at all. But if you want to make everything well and avoid littering in directories, you should take these extraneous factors into account. I encountered quite the same situation when a file would not get removed once in 1000 runs. The solution was also the same - I only placed Sleep(0) in the middle just in case.
Well, and what about the check by PVS-Studio? Chromium's code is perhaps the most quality code I've ever seen. This is confirmed by the low density of errors we've managed to find. If you take their quantity in general, there are certainly plenty of them. But if you divide the number of errors by the amount of code, it turns out that there are almost no errors. What are these errors? They are the most ordinary ones. Here are several samples:
V512 A call of the 'memset' function will lead to underflow of the buffer '(exploded)'. platform time_win.cc 116
void NaCl::Time::Explode(bool is_local, Exploded* exploded) const { ... ZeroMemory(exploded, sizeof(exploded)); ... }
Everybody makes misprints. In this case, an asterisk is missing. It must be sizeof(*exploded).
V502 Perhaps the '?:' operator works in a different way than it was expected. The '?:' operator has a lower priority than the '-' operator. views custom_frame_view.cc 400
static const int kClientEdgeThickness; int height() const; bool ShouldShowClientEdge() const; void CustomFrameView::PaintMaximizedFrameBorder(gfx::Canvas* canvas) { ... int edge_height = titlebar_bottom->height() - ShouldShowClientEdge() ? kClientEdgeThickness : 0; ... }
The insidious operator "?:" has a lower priority than subtraction. There must be additional parentheses here:
int edge_height = titlebar_bottom->height() - (ShouldShowClientEdge() ? kClientEdgeThickness : 0);
A meaningless check.
V547 Expression 'count < 0' is always false. Unsigned type value is never < 0. ncdecode_tablegen ncdecode_tablegen.c 197
static void CharAdvance(char** buffer, size_t* buffer_size, size_t count) { if (count < 0) { NaClFatal("Unable to advance buffer by count!"); } else { ... }
The "count < 0" condition is always false. The protection does not work and some buffer might get overflowed. By the way, this is an example of how static analyzers might be used to search for vulnerabilities. An intruder can quickly find code fragments that contain errors for further thorough investigation. Here is another code sample related to the safety issue:
V511 The sizeof() operator returns size of the pointer, and not of the array, in 'sizeof (salt)' expression. common visitedlink_common.cc 84
void MD5Update(MD5Context* context, const void* buf, size_t len); VisitedLinkCommon::Fingerprint VisitedLinkCommon::ComputeURLFingerprint( ... const uint8 salt[LINK_SALT_LENGTH]) { ... MD5Update(&ctx, salt, sizeof(salt)); ... }
The MD5Update() function will process as many bytes as the pointer occupies. This is a potential loophole in the data encryption system, isn't it? I do not know whether it implies any danger; however, from the viewpoint of intruders, this is a fragment for thorough analysis.
The correct code should look this way:
MD5Update(&ctx, salt, sizeof(salt[0]) * LINK_SALT_LENGTH);
Or this way:
VisitedLinkCommon::Fingerprint VisitedLinkCommon::ComputeURLFingerprint( ... const uint8 (&salt)[LINK_SALT_LENGTH]) { ... MD5Update(&ctx, salt, sizeof(salt)); ... }
One more sample with a misprint:
V501 There are identical sub-expressions 'host != buzz::XmlConstants::str_empty ()' to the left and to the right of the '&&' operator. chromoting_jingle_glue iq_request.cc 248
void JingleInfoRequest::OnResponse(const buzz::XmlElement* stanza) { ... std::string host = server->Attr(buzz::QN_JINGLE_INFO_HOST); std::string port_str = server->Attr(buzz::QN_JINGLE_INFO_UDP); if (host != buzz::STR_EMPTY && host != buzz::STR_EMPTY) { ... }
The port_str variable must be actually checked as well:
if (host != buzz::STR_EMPTY && port_str != buzz::STR_EMPTY) {
A bit of classics:
V530 The return value of function 'empty' is required to be utilized. chrome_frame_npapi np_proxy_service.cc 293
bool NpProxyService::GetProxyValueJSONString(std::string* output) { DCHECK(output); output->empty(); ... }
It must be: output->clear();
And here is even the handling of a null pointer:
V522 Dereferencing of the null pointer 'plugin_instance' might take place. Check the logical condition. chrome_frame_npapi chrome_frame_npapi.cc 517
bool ChromeFrameNPAPI::Invoke(...) { ChromeFrameNPAPI* plugin_instance = ChromeFrameInstanceFromNPObject(header); if (!plugin_instance && (plugin_instance->automation_client_.get())) return false; ... }
One more example of a check that will never work:
V547 Expression 'current_idle_time < 0' is always false. Unsigned type value is never < 0. browser idle_win.cc 23
IdleState CalculateIdleState(unsigned int idle_threshold) { ... DWORD current_idle_time = 0; ... // Will go -ve if we have been idle for a long time (2gb seconds). if (current_idle_time < 0) current_idle_time = INT_MAX; ... }
Well, we should stop here. I can continue but it's starting to get boring. Remember that all this only concerns the Chromium itself. But there are also tests with errors like this:
V554 Incorrect use of auto_ptr. The memory allocated with 'new []' will be cleaned using 'delete'. interactive_ui_tests accessibility_win_browsertest.cc 306
void AccessibleChecker::CheckAccessibleChildren(IAccessible* parent) { ... auto_ptr<VARIANT> child_array(new VARIANT[child_count]); ... }
There are also plenty of libraries Chromium is actually based on, the total size of libraries being much larger than that of Chromium itself. They also have a lot of interesting fragments. It is clear that code containing errors might not be used anywhere, still they are the errors nonetheless. Consider one of the examples (the ICU library):
V547 Expression '* string != 0 || * string != '_'' is always true. Probably the '&&' operator should be used here. icui18n ucol_sit.cpp 242
U_CDECL_BEGIN static const char* U_CALLCONV _processVariableTop(...) { ... if(i == locElementCapacity && (*string != 0 || *string != '_')) { *status = U_BUFFER_OVERFLOW_ERROR; } ... }
The "(*string != 0 || *string != '_')" expression is always true. Perhaps it must be: (*string == 0 || *string == '_').
Conclusion
PVS-Studio was defeated. Chromium's source code is one of the best we have ever analyzed. We have found almost nothing in Chromium. To be more exact, we have found a lot of errors and this article demonstrates only a few of them. But if we keep in mind that all these errors are spread throughout the source code with the size of 460 Mbytes, it turns out that there are almost no errors at all.
P.S.
I'm answering to the question: will we inform the Chromium developers of the errors we've found? No, we won't. It is a very large amount of work and we cannot afford to do it for free. Checking Chromium is far from checking Miranda IM or checking Ultimate Toolbox. This is a hard work, we have to study all of the messages and make a decision whether there is an error in every particular case. To do that, we must be knowledgeable about the project. We will this article to the Chromium developers, and should they find it interesting, they will be able to analyze the project themselves and study all the diagnostic messages. Yes, they will have to purchase PVS-Studio for this purpose. But any Google department can easily afford this.
Whoa Canada is a new film by the irrepressible band of pranksters and digital agitators known as Shit Harper Did. It's a beautifully constructed documentary on the reality of state surveillance in Canada, and you can watch the whole thing below.
Clocking in at just under an hour, this is the film Stephen Harper doesn't want you to watch before voting. Through stories collected from as far afield as the Philippines and Zimbabwe, and as close to home as Ottawa and Vancouver, the documentary weaves a compelling narrative of opposition to the Harper government and the policies that have left more and more Canadians under surveillance.
Tackling Canada's evolution into a surveillance state in an era of climate change, the film pieces together interviews with experts and Canadians who have been victimized by surveillance with footage of SHD's bread and butter: nonviolent direct action, in this case targeting Canada's spy agencies.
In turns captivating, moving, enraging and inspiring, Whoa Canada is never boring. It's a testament to the power of a group of young people with a couple cameras and an idea, and a searing indictment of the Harper decade.
Put your feet up, get some popcorn and watch it. Election day is next Monday, and these are some of the real issues we should be talking about, instead of distractions like the niqab.
After eight people were shot to death this week in rural Missouri, the debate over psychiatrists' confidentiality in treating people with mental illness has revived. Coincidentally, the American College of Physicians, seven other national health professional organizations, and the American Bar Association, made several recommendations this week about how to decrease deaths and injuries through guns.
One of them is to “oppose state and federal mandates that interfere with physician free speech and the patient-physician relationship, including physician ‘gag laws' that forbid physicians to discuss a patient's gun ownership.”
The idea is that even mentally-ill persons have a constitutional right to bear firearms. Several states have passed laws guaranteeing this. Florida's law, which was passed last year, specifies that “A health care practitioner … may not discriminate against a patient based solely upon the patient's exercise of the constitutional right to own and possess firearms or ammunition.” Missouri passed a similar law this year.
Another recommendation is to “oppose blanket reporting laws that require physicians to report patients with mental or substance use disorders, as these laws may stigmatize the patients and inhibit them from seeking treatment.”
"These laws go too far, Steven Weinberger, executive vice president of the American College of Physicians, told New Scientist. "Blanket mental health reporting laws can have unintended consequences," he says. Such laws can discourage people from seeking mental health care, he says. "They can create a tremendous disincentive for people to get the support they need."
“Accordingly, our own Universe may be the interior of a black hole existing in another universe.” So concludes Nikodem Poplawski at Indiana University in a remarkable paper about the nature of space and the origin of time.
The idea that new universes can be created inside black holes and that our own may have originated in this way has been the raw fodder of science fiction for many years. But a proper scientific derivation of the notion has never emerged.
Today Poplawski provides such a derivation. He says the idea that black holes are the cosmic mothers of new universes is a natural consequence of a simple new assumption about the nature of spacetime.
Poplawski points out that the standard derivation of general relativity takes no account of the intrinsic momentum of spin half particles. However there is another version of the theory, called the Einstein-Cartan-Kibble-Sciama theory of gravity, which does.
This predicts that particles with half integer spin should interact, generating a tiny repulsive force called torsion. In ordinary circumstances, torsion is too small to have any effect. But when densities become much higher than those in nuclear matter, it becomes significant. In particular, says Poplawski, torsion prevents the formation of singularities inside a black hole.
That's interesting for a number of reasons. First, it has important implications for the way the Universe must have grown when it was close to its minimum size.
Astrophysicists have long known that our universe is so big that it could not have reached its current size given the rate of expansion we see now. Instead, they believe it grew by many orders of magnitude in a fraction of a second after the Big Bang, a process known as inflation.
The problem with inflation is that it needs an additional theory to explain why it occurs and that's ugly. Poplawski's approach immediately solves this problem. He says that torsion caused this rapid inflation.
That means the universe as we see it today can be explained by a single theory of gravity without any additional assumptions about inflation.
Another important by-product of Poplawski's approach is that it makes it possible for universes to be born inside the event horizons of certain kinds of black hole. Here, torsion prevents the formation of a singularity but allows a HUGE energy density to build up, which leads to the creation of particles on a massive scale via pair production followed by the expansion of the new universe.
This is a Big Bang type event. “Such an expansion is not visible for observers outside the black hole, for whom the horizon's formation and all subsequent processes occur after infinite time,” says Poplawski.
For this reason, the new universe is a separate branch of space time and evolves accordingly.
Incidentally, this approach also suggests a solution to another of the great problems of cosmology: why time seems to flow in one direction but not in the other, even though the laws of physics are time symmetric.
Poplawski says the origin of the arrow of time comes from the asymmetry of the flow of matter into the black hole from the mother universe. “The arrow of cosmic time of a universe inside a black hole would then be fixed by the time-asymmetric collapse of matter through the event horizon,” he says.
In other words, our universe inherited its arrow of time from its mother.
He says that daughter universes may inherit other properties from their mothers, implying that it may be possible to detect these properties, providing an experimental proof of his idea.
Theories of everything don't get much more ambitious than this. Entertaining stuff!
Ref: arxiv.org/abs/1007.0587: Cosmology With Torsion - An Alternative To Cosmic Inflation
The scientific evidence used by Housing New Zealand to evict people for methamphetamine contamination is being questioned by an expert in the field.
Photo: Contaminated Site Solutions
Some people have been charged large sums of money to cover the cost of decontaminating properties, based on that evidence.
Housing New Zealand has ramped up its testing regime, carrying out nearly 593 tests in the last six months of last year - with 279 homes testing positive for methamphetamine.
RNZ has obtained documents that detail the tests used in three of the most high profile evictions of the last few years.
Nick Kim is a senior lecturer in environmental chemistry at Massey University and he examined the test results from the three houses.
He said one of the houses was likely being used for methamphetamine production, but he had serious concerns about the other two, and the way the tests were carried out.
Dr Kim said test results from a state house in Whangarei suggest people there had smoked methamphetamine.
But he said the recommendation by the company that carried out the tests, Dowdell and Associates, that the house not be tenanted and decontaminated, was overkill.
"You need a bit more of an argument to say a property shouldn't be tenanted.
"When I look at the New Zealand guidelines they don't refer to de-tenanting houses - they refer to reoccupying methlabs."
Arguably the most high profile case is from a state house in Ashburton.
The tenant there was evicted and the Tenancy Tribunal ordered her to pay $34,000 for the cost of decontamination.
But Dr Kim is not convinced anyone at that house had even smoked meth there.
"From an analytical chemistry point of view and also knowing the traces of methamphetamine than can exist just in the community on banknotes, I know that it's easy accidentally to contaminate samples when they're being collected," Dr Kim said.
"With these results I could view them two ways, I could say two of the 11 sample results show presence of methamphetamine at the property, or I could say that two of the 11 represent sample contamination that was introduced - I certainly can't prove it's not contamination."
An investigation by TVNZ's Fair Go this year found meth contamination is so common it can be found on banknotes at levels tenants are being evicted for.
Dr Kim said typically at outdoor sites where contamination is being assessed against guidelines, the results would be averaged out but this did not happen at the Ashburton house - if it had it would be well below the guideline level.
The Tenancy Tribunal refused to comment when approached by RNZ saying it could prejudice future decisions.
Dr Kim said Housing New Zealand was going too far in kicking out tenants after detecting forensic level drug traces and the situation was becoming bizarre.
However, Housing New Zealand's chemical contamination manager Charlie Mitchell said there was zero tolerance for illegal activity.
"If we can determine that the tenant is responsible for the contamination then we're going to terminate that tenancy."
Housing New Zealand acknowledged the meth guidelines it applied to its houses was never intended to assess the smoking of the drug - and admitted it was "not entirely suitable" .
It is participating on a committee that will develop new national meth contamination standards.
Nevertheless, Mr Mitchell said the agency would continue to evict tenants in the meantime.
"But as I say when people are using meth within our properties, and when we're going through the appropriate steps to carry out testing ... it's appropriate for us to act on that."
Green Party MP Marama Davidson said some of the country's most vulnerable people were being left homeless on the back of dubious testing.
She wants a moratorium on evictions to be considered until proper guidelines are in place.
"Testing for P (meth) is yet another way for the government to rid itself of its responsibility to provide state housing," Mrs Davidson said.
Dowdell and Associates, which tested the Whangarei house, also tested the Ashburton property where the tenants were left with a $34,000 bill.
The scientist who carried out the testing refused to talk to RNZ, saying that was not allowed to under their contract.
Florida is looking into Chip Kelly as an option to fill its coaching vacancy, Pete Thamel of Yahoo Sports reports.
According to Thamel, "a thorough vetting of Kelly has begun," which includes calls to NFL executives and a look at his NCAA issues at Oregon.
Thamel adds that if their is mutual interest between Kelly and Florida, "it's likely that a deal would come before the AAC title game." Thamel also mentioned UCF coach Scott Frost and Mississippi State coach Dan Mullen as other potential hires for the Gators.
The Florida job is open after Jim McElwain and the school parted ways after a 42-7 loss to Georgia.
Kelly, 53, has not coached since last season when he led the 49ers to a 2-14 record. Prior to that, he spent three seasons with the Eagles and went 26-21. At the college level, Kelly went 46-7 during four years at Oregon that included a trip to the BCS National Championship game after going 12-0 in 2010.
Here's your opportunity to follow a proven plan to IGNITE your day & INSPIRE your life
Momentum is hard to attain.
The good news?
Once you've attained a little momentum, achieving success becomes easier.
The Mastery Journal will IGNITE your momentum, and the sky's the limit!
It's time to:
Invest in yourself …
… Invest in your future...
Invest in The Mastery Journal!
Self-Evaluation
Tracking your productivity can be tedious and repetitive, which is why we've included self-evaluation sections designed to keep you motivated and engaged.
With four focused daily sessions, nightly preparation and 10-day recaps, a dramatic boost in your productivity, discipline and focus is a mere 100 days away!
The Success Pack!
The Mastery Journal + The Freedom Journal
In 2016, we launched The Freedom Journal, a step-by-step guide to accomplishing your #1 goal in 100 days.
In preparing to launch The Mastery Journal we received many versions of the question:
How do The Mastery Journal and The Freedom Journal work together?
So glad you asked!
The Freedom Journal will guide you in accomplishing your #1 goal in 100 days. The Mastery Journal will guide you in mastering productivity, discipline and focus in 100 days!
While both are valuable on their own, we know the two combined will be incredibly powerful, so we've created an exclusive SUCCESS pack to offer you both journals together!
The Mastery Journal Community
Exclusive Facebook Community
By backing The Mastery Journal Kickstarter campaign at the $27 level or higher you'll gain access to our exclusive and private Facebook Community where you'll receive support and guidance from John Lee Dumas and other amazing Entrepreneurs who are rocking The Mastery Journal, The Freedom Journal, and in some cases, BOTH!
You'll be able to brainstorm with a team of like-minded Entrepreneurs who will help you stay on track while mastering productivity and working toward your #1 goal.
Spread the Love!
Will you help us spread the word about The Mastery Journal?
Click the image below to share, and we'll send you a 30-day fillable PDF of The Mastery Journal as a thank-you!
John Lee Dumas (JLD) is the host of EOFire, a top-ranked Podcast where he interviews today's most successful Entrepreneurs 7 days a week!
JLD has grown EOFire into a multi-million dollar a year business with over 1500 interviews to date and over 1.5 million monthly listens. Find out more about John and his team over at EOFire.com
A note from JLD:
I have a LOT of weaknesses - far too many to name here.
My strengths are limited, but they are where I choose to focus my time and energy.
Productivity, discipline and focus are my three greatest strengths and the reason I've been able to build EOFire into a multi-million dollar a year business.
I created The Mastery Journal to guide others in mastering these three skills, and I hope you'll invest the time and energy in yourself to do so.
Prepare to IGNITE!
~ JLD
It's been a crazy ride since I launched EOFire on September 22nd of 2012. People I admired from afar have become friends (see above) and opportunities are plentiful.
With the thousands of conversations I've had with successful Entrepreneurs, I've witnessed firsthand the power of accountability.
The Mastery Journal is an accountability partner that won't let you fail.
As an Officer in the Army, I learned the power of discipline. Tasks WILL expand to the time you allot. In the Army, we always had deadlines. YOUR deadline? 100 days!
Whether you're an Athlete, Entrepreneur, Musician, or (fill in the blank)... becoming more productive with your time is a KEY component to your success. Let The Mastery Journal provide the tools and the accountability you need to accomplish your life dreams!
I look forward to hearing YOUR story about how you mastered productivity, discipline and focus in 100 days, and the impact it has made on your life.
Image copyright AP Image caption Last year Swedish ships were hunting for a suspected Russian submarine in Sweden's territorial waters
A submarine wreck found off Sweden is probably a Russian vessel from World War One, the Swedish military says.
There had been speculation that the remains were much more recent - those of a suspected Russian vessel, spotted near Stockholm last year.
The Swedish Armed Forces examined footage filmed by divers from the Ocean X team who found the remains.
In a statement (in Swedish) the military said the wreckage was probably a Russian submarine that sank in 1916.
Last October saw Swedish naval vessels and military planes carrying out an extensive search operation after sightings of what was alleged to be a present-day Russian submarine.
The operation was called off after one week and Russia's defence ministry always denied any of its ships were involved.
Russia's annexation of the Crimea peninsula and Moscow's continuing support for separatist rebels in Ukraine have fuelled suspicion about its intentions towards other neighbouring states, notably in the Baltic.
'Completely intact'
The wreck of what is thought to be a World War One vessel was discovered by Ocean X Team and Ixplorer last week.
The company said the vessel was about 20m (66ft) long and 3.5m wide and was "completely intact", with its hatches closed.
Military spokesman Jesper Tengroth told the Local newspaper that the video material suggested it was a Russian "Som" submarine "which sank after it collided with a Swedish submarine in 1916".
They said it was no longer a matter for the armed forces and had been reported to the government.
Dennis Asberg, a partner in Ocean X Team, told Reuters that they planned to re-examine the vessel to confirm its origins.
"I am 99.9% sure it's from 1916, but the next step is to go down again and confirm it," he added.
Luxembourg (AFP) – EU countries cannot imprison illegal migrants just for crossing borders inside the passport-free Schengen area, the bloc's top court ruled Tuesday, in a new blow to efforts to crack down on the migration crisis.
The European Court of Justice (ECJ) in Luxembourg said that European Union rules prevent the jailing of non-EU migrants who have illegally crossed a frontier if they have not already been subject to deportation procedures.
The ruling came in the case of a Ghanaian woman, Selina Affum, who was caught by French police at the Channel Tunnel while on a bus from Belgium to Britain using someone else's passport.
French police placed her in custody for illegal entry to France, and then asked Belgium to readmit her.
The EU court, ruling on Affum's appeal against her detention, said that it was against the EU's “return directive” or laws on deporting migrants.
“The return directive prevents a national of a non-EU country who has not yet been subject to the return procedure being imprisoned solely because he or she has entered the territory of a Member State illegally across an internal border of the Schengen area,” it said.
The Schengen passport-free area of 26 European countries has come under severe pressure from the continent's biggest migration crisis since World War II as people flee war in Syria and elsewhere.
Faced with an an influx of more than one million migrants and refugees in the past year and a half, many Schengen countries have brought back border controls that were dismantled a decade ago.
What if I told you that one of my favourite writers was a misogynist? One of my favourite musicians a racist? One of my favourite artists a murderer?
These are questions I've been struggling with in the wake of scandals involving film producer Harvey Weinstein and actor Kevin Spacey, who this week addressed rumours he sexually propositioned a 14-year-old. Filming has been suspended on the sixth and final season of House of Cards, in which Spacey plays a ruthless president. I've been considering whether, if the final season goes ahead, it would be acceptable to watch it, and whether it is still possible to enjoy Spacey in the earlier series of one of Netflix's most successful original programmes.
It's good that at least one president – even if a fictional one – has felt the repercussions of his predatory behaviour
When it comes to moral transgressions, is it possible to separate the artist from the art; and should we try? Does it depend on how extreme the ethical boundaries breached are (rape, murder?) or is it the quality of the art that matters, or how closely connected with a particular work the transgressor might be? Do we allow for archaic bad behaviour, mitigate for different times? If we cease to allow artists to continue working after exposure, should we also stop appreciating their oeuvre?
After the true monstrosity of Weinstein's behaviour was made public, I was pleased to see that he had been tossed into the trash. Good, I thought. May he never work again. But I am furious that while Weinstein has been summarily condemned, Roman Polanski – who raped a 13-year-old, let us not forget – has continued to work and won an Academy Award as recently as 2003. Woody Allen was investigated for the sexual abuse of his adopted daughter, Dylan Farrow. Farrow has written a detailed open letter to the New York Times on her experiences. The issue with Allen, however, is apparently the decreasing quality of his films rather than the fact he may have abused Farrow (and married his former wife's adoptive daughter).
If the punishment for Weinstein is that he never works again, should I no longer appreciate the films he produced early on in his career, such as Pulp Fiction? Perhaps it's OK; he just funded those films, he was not a key creative. But this wouldn't hold true for Allen's films. Should I never mention that Polanski's The Pianist is a very beautiful film, or that Rosemary's Baby was influential?
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Pablo Picasso's painting Guernica. Photograph: Getty Images
Wondering whether it makes a difference if the artist's morals and personality are entwined in their work, I ask David Carr, professor of ethics and education at the University of Birmingham. He tells me that while some schools of thought maintain that art is never moral, merely aesthetic, many artworks do have a moral element. “Much art, and especially narrative art, clearly has such a purpose,” he says. He suggests a Kandinsky abstract painting has no moral purpose, and asks, if artists we enjoy claim no moral content or purpose to their work: “Why can we not enjoy it without worrying whether they were good or bad people?”
This is something I find myself agreeing with. It is much easier to take a stand against a morally dubious work of art than the artist. Although works that, in Carr's words, make a “profound moral statement”, such as Picasso's Spanish civil war painting Guernica, make it more difficult not to scrutinise the artist's life and values.
Picasso existed in a time and place when attitudes were different. Perhaps we should regard artists as products of their times, but then a part of me thinks that nothing ever changed when good people did nothing. Ezra Pound is a favourite poet of mine, but a racist. Alfred Hitchcock, whose early films I admire, is an acknowledged abuser of women. At the extreme end is my uncomfortable love of neoclassical architecture or in the Italian, classicismo. On a trip last year to Leros in the Dodecanese I was fascinated by the Mussolini-era port of Lakki. Zigzag roofs. Sweeping curves on an old cinema. But this is the art that fascism was literally built on. It's why no coffee table books are dedicated to Albert Speer.
How we respond personally to the character and the context of any given artist also plays a part. Kenneth Halliwell was included in Tate Modern's recent Queer Art exhibition, but there's the small biographical detail that he bludgeoned his lover, the playwright Joe Orton, to death. Orton, however, is often painted as the more troublesome character. Ted Hughes, who undoubtedly was a serial adulterer, is reviled because of the popularity of his wife, fellow poet Sylvia Plath.
In the past, much awkwardness around the behaviour of artists, usually male, has gone unaddressed. But in times of greater cultural awareness and sensitivity, curators, arts bodies and festival organisers are changing tack. The Ditchling Museum of Art and Craft addressed head-on the incestuous rape and bestial practices of printmaker Eric Gill as part of an exhibition of his work.
The arts are not the only sphere in which such dilemmas arise.
The answers are never simple and I have to admit to finding myself still ambivalent. Why am I happy to praise the film Manchester By the Sea, even though its star Casey Affleck was accused of sexual harassment? Nothing was proved, and yet I was impressed with the look of disgust on Brie Larson's face when she presented Affleck with his Oscar for that film.
Kevin Spacey: Old Vic accused of ignoring sexual misconduct allegations Read more
Clearly there is a difference between continuing to support an individual's livelihood and appreciating their past work (especially if they're dead). If the work is historic we can view it critically without actively supporting or enabling a dubious character. There's also the consideration that if we cease to appreciate all historic art by badly behaved creators – well, would we be left with any art at all?
The best solution I can come up with in regard to contemporary transgressors, following the example of most judicial systems, is to take remorse into account. Would I support Spacey's work in the future? Perhaps, if he is truly remorseful and proves this to be the case. Given that his response to the allegations so far has been wholly inadequate, exacerbating the hurt for the person who made them, and that he also managed to stab the entire LGBT community in the back at the same time with his cynical coming out, well, no, I am not inclined to forgive him. It's good that at least one president – even if a fictional one – has suffered for his predatory behaviour.
Hannah Jane Parkinson is a Guardian columnist
Actors Sam Heughan and Caitriona Balfe and writer Matthew B. Roberts discuss Outlander, post-Culloden Scotland and the resilient, far-reaching Scots culture.
As always with Outlander, it's a time and place that's been thoroughly researched, “because history is one of the best tools for a fiction writer,” says writer, director and executive producer Matthew B. Roberts.
Season three opened with the Battle of Culloden. How did you re-create such a bloody, chaotic melee?
Sam Heughan: It was the first thing we shot for Season Three. It's a part of our history, Scottish history, and we were all excited to shoot those scenes since we've been talking about it for two seasons - not only the actors, but the extras and the crew. It's actually not described in the book; Jamie just wakes up on the battlefield. We had a couple of weeks of rehearsals because it had quite a few different elements to it—different fights.
Matthew B. Roberts: We took about 200 extras, supporting artists, and we put them through a boot camp. We trained them with muskets and swords and axes, and all the weapons they would be using. We took them through charges and got them proficient prior to shooting. The lovely thing about period battles is everybody gets filthy dirty and they all have beards. Recognizing people is very difficult.
Claire even appears in the aftermath— as a vision to a wounded Jamie as he lies among the dead?
Caitriona Balfe: That was a strange day. It was one of my first weeks going back, and the boys had all been filming these battle scenes. It was nighttime and freezing and those poor extras were just on these really thin mats.
One take—it was quite funny—I was walking through and someone had obviously fallen asleep and all I could hear was the loudest snoring coming from one of them. You're trying to be all ethereal and make this moment as magical as possible, and then all you can hear is snoring. But it was really quite eerie to see all those bodies just strewn across a moor.
The aftermath of the battle, the way the Jacobites were treated by Cumberland's army, is just brutal in the show.
Initially after the battle, Cumberland, who is the King's son, was called the Butcher because there was no quarter given immediately after. They went in and they killed. After, they imprisoned Jacobites—many in what they would call open prisons. In our portrayal, it's more of a closed prison. We played it slightly in a different context, where it's more closed; Jamie has to escape.
Scotland changed a lot between seasons one and two and season three and four? Was that intentional?
Balfe: Yes, in one scene during season three, Claire looks at a place in Edinburgh and makes a comment that the last time they were there, they were with all the generals and Bonnie Prince Charlie. When she comes back, it's a depressed people and their culture has been stripped from them in many ways. We see this through Jamie and his cohorts—good men who had been soldiers or who had been landowners are now relegated to the black market and to existing on the fringes of society.
Roberts: We wanted to stay true to the fact that the Clearances took place after Culloden, and they banned bagpipes, they banned tartans, they banned kilts—essentially banning the Scottish way of life. Scratch that, not the Scottish way of life, the Highland way of life. Because what we kept running into in the history is that many Scots fought on both sides. There were many lowland Scots fighting for what you would essentially call the British on the battlefield. It wasn't really necessarily Scottish versus English. It was a fight between two monarchs. “Our monarch is better than your monarch!” The Jacobites wanted to install the Stuarts as the rightful Kings, and the Hanovers wanted to keep their throne.
In Season Three, no Scot wears a kilt. We don't do bagpipes. There are no tartans. We take away all the weapons, because it was also a crime for a Highlander to have weapons—guns or pistols or muskets. We play that. It's part of the story going forward, and then the Clearances, and how difficult it all was.
Jamie was a leader of his people before. What is he fighting for now that the war is over?
Heughan: Jamie went to die with his men at Culloden. When he wakes up on the battlefield, he has to find a purpose to live again—but he now can't, because he's an outlaw. It was a very difficult time, so yeah, he's a fugitive and he assumes many different guises before he establishes himself in Edinburgh many years later, but it's a really interesting journey that he goes on. I think ultimately it's about him finding a purpose—and he does become a rebel again, but in a different way. He does it through literature.
Roberts: He finds that over time the one thing he can latch onto is the freeing of Scotland in his mind. He becomes a seditionist, he becomes a traitor in a way, but he can't fight the way he would normally fight, so he takes up pen and paper and becomes a printer. He starts printing seditious material in a way that Thomas Paine or someone in America would've started printing pamphlets. Paul Revere did, actually, as well. They used the press to get the word out, and that's what Jamie did in his time.
In her time, the 1960s, Claire has become a pioneering surgeon, yet she still chooses to go back to the mid-1700s.
Balfe: No matter what time Claire's in, she's a woman who breaks through glass ceilings. But I've always felt that she's most her vibrant self when she's back in the 1700s. So it's interesting to watch this formidable woman plow her way through medical school [in the 1950s] and buck against the patriarchy and then make a decision to go back to a time we would probably think is much more patriarchal. And yet she finds herself in a much more comfortable position, in some ways, back then.
Is that part of what makes this rough, dangerous past so appealing? The sense that it was somehow more of a meritocracy?
Balfe: I suppose if you think about Scotland at that time and after all that social upheaval, societies are constantly reinventing themselves. So I think that when she goes back, there is a sense that if you're an industrious person and you have the advantage of intelligence and fortitude, you can do anything within that. Maybe we think in our modern-day society that things are more settled, and it's harder to buck the system at this point.
Roberts: The lovely juxtaposition is that she comes from a time of turmoil in the United States. It's ‘68. There's the civil rights movement. She is a woman. The feminist movement really hasn't hit yet, so we play things where she goes to Harvard Medical School and she's looked down upon. Even her husband, Frank, resents that she becomes a doctor. When she does go back, she's a healer and she's respected, but we still play the period. She's still a woman in a time when women were considered breeders, and they kept the house. In our show, we don't shy away from that.
When BHT spoke to Diana Gabaldon, author of the novels, she said that it was a credit to the Scottish spirit that they didn't actually succeed in erasing the Highland culture.
Heughan: Yeah, absolutely. It's a very vibrant culture and I think it still feels close to the Scottish people, even now. There's still talk of independence and there's a constant state of, not unrest, but of the chance that there could be something better. I guess Scotland has always been the underdog, and we're quite good at doing that.
Balfe: I think they did their best to try. I think that the Scottish personality and the Scottish culture is very strong, but I do think that it underwent a definite depression—is that the right word?—for a while. It wasn't until the 1800s that they were allowed this idea of kilts again and the tartan, but that was decided by the British, and it was done for the King's visit [King George IV's visit to Scotland in 1822]. So yes, they weren't able to completely quash that culture, but they made it very difficult for the Scots for many, many years.
Claire is our entrance into the world of 1700s Scotland. Traveling to the past, knowing what will happen, that's a fantasy for every student of history.
Balfe: I think that's the beauty of the story that Diana created. We all want to play around with the “What ifs” of history, and what would you do. Claire is such a great heroine for that reason, because she comes armed with so many handy skills for the past—not only is she a healer, but she has the advantage of having had a historian husband, so she has so much historical knowledge.
Roberts: That's the way we tell the story: Claire is the audience. She's our eyes in the world because she's the most contemporary person we have. She's allowed to have certain thoughts. She's allowed to be slightly out of time [in the 1700s] and do something that's slightly out of time, whether it's hold hands or show affection in public or do any little thing like that. It's OK if Jamie and Claire do it, but if other characters do it, then it's wrong.
Heughan on his character's growing collection of scars: “It's ridiculous!” he laughs. “As Jamie gets older, he has more experiences, and scars are added. I hope people will appreciate that he certainly has lived quite a life.”[/caption]
Sam, you're playing a guy from hundreds of years ago, yet he really likes that his wife is this extraordinary person?
Heughan: Yeah, in some ways, he's forward thinking and he wears his heart on his sleeve at times. He's a pretty decent guy and I think he would almost fit into modern society, however, there are times that he still is a man of his time and he has a moral code and a tradition of doing things. Those are the times when he and Claire really clash and we see those throughout every season—from season one onward. Those are the times when they really butt heads, but they learn from each other. She learns about his time and about who he is, and he learns there's another way of doing things, a more progressive way of doing things.
The history that the show covers speaks to so many people. Just like the culture has spread all over the world—Highland games, for example, are everywhere.
Balfe: I'm Irish and we spend so long doing our own history, so I was not very aware of the intricacies of Scottish history at all. It was really interesting for me to learn all about this and the other finer points of Scottish history over the past two seasons.
Roberts: Our show is moving to the American South, and I'm starting to do a lot more American South history research, and what I'm finding is that one of the biggest Highland games in the world is in North Carolina [the Grandfather Mountain Highland Games, covered in our last issue's “Anglo-File”]. When they talk about the rebel yell from the American Civil War, the charge—if you read a description of that, you are reading about a Highland charge. You find out that a lot of the Confederate soldiers had Scottish ancestry.
Some of the best bagpipers in the world are not from Scotland anymore. They're from Canada, the United States, India, Burma. They're all over the world because of the Scots who went out and were transported from the Highlands to open up the British Empire. They brought their culture to these other places.
Heughan: We were just shooting in South Africa, and even there, there are great ties to the Scots. People who have been sent there—to Australia, to America, to Canada. That's one of the draws of the show: People are interested in the history of their past.
And not all of it, I have to add, was particularly noble. There was a lot of slavery, and Scots were definitely pressed in many avenues.
That's touched on in season three when Jacobite prisoners are sent out to the New World?
Roberts: The transportation we play—Highland Scots were transported as indentured servants to different colonies to help open up the colonies. The English, or the British, found that they were such fierce fighters that they could go and live off the land, and they didn't complain. To put them in harsh environments was perfect for them. They didn't want to go to prison or be labeled as traitors, so in a way it was a great compromise. You go open up these new worlds instead. We used that history. That's when it really works, when you find history that works perfectly for your story.
Heughan: It's just so amazing how far-reaching the Scottish culture has gone—and how much this small part of the world has affected the rest.
On this day in 1945, “Il Duce,” Benito Mussolini, and his mistress, Clara Petacci, are shot by Italian partisans who had captured the couple as they attempted to flee to Switzerland.
The 61-year-old deposed former dictator of Italy was established by his German allies as the figurehead of a puppet government in northern Italy during the German occupation toward the close of the war. As the Allies fought their way up the Italian peninsula, defeat of the Axis powers all but certain, Mussolini considered his options. Not wanting to fall into the hands of either the British or the Americans, and knowing that the communist partisans, who had been fighting the remnants of roving Italian fascist soldiers and thugs in the north, would try him as a war criminal, he settled on escape to a neutral country.
ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching! Visit Website
He and his mistress made it to the Swiss border, only to discover that the guards had crossed over to the partisan side. Knowing they would not let him pass, he disguised himself in a Luftwaffe coat and helmet, hoping to slip into Austria with some German soldiers. His subterfuge proved incompetent, and he and Petacci were discovered by partisans and shot, their bodies then transported by truck to Milan, where they were hung upside down and displayed publicly for revilement by the masses.
Protests in Nagaland intensified, with mob torching government buildings and vehicles.
Over a thousand Naga tribals have set fire to the Kohima Municipal Council office and the office of the Directorate of Transport to protest against Chief Minister TR Zeliang's refusal to meet their ultimatum: resign by 4 pm. As night fell on Nagaland's capital city, tension was high as mobs went on a rampage, burning and vandalising government property and cars. The Central paramilitary forces have been deployed at the New Secretariat building.Since 10 am, thousands of protesters gathered at the old MLA Hostel road at the heart of the town carrying the bodies of the two people who were killed in police firing on Tuesday night in Dimapur. The police had allegedly opened fire to stop a mob from throwing stones at the house of the Chief Minister.The protesters want 33% reservation for women in civic polls to be rolled back. They believe it is a violation of the right granted to Naga tribals as per the Constitution's article 371(A). The protestors, all members of Naga tribal groups, want the Chief Minister and his cabinet to resign. They want the Governor to come and talk to them, but PB Acharya was in Itanagar this afternoon. The protesters also want the suspension of all policemen involved in the firing at Dimapur on Tuesday.
Younès Kaboul will not return for Tottenham Hotspur until early February at best as he endures frustration during the final phase of his recovery from knee surgery.
The central defender, who underwent the operation at the end of August, had hoped to be out for no longer than four months but a January return date has ruled out by André Villas-Boas. Kaboul, who was the club's most consistent centre-half last season, has not yet begun to work outside the gym. Kaboul has played only once this season – in the defeat at Newcastle United on the opening day.
Tottenham's other long-term defensive injury casualty, Benoît Assou-Ekotto, could be available for a return in Saturday's FA Cup tie at home to Coventry City. The left-back, who has not played since 1 September because of a wear-and-tear knee problem, had been expected to make his comeback over the festive period.
Villas-Boas is relaxed about the need to make January signings, partly because of the encouraging picture with regard to the fitness of his squad, although the manager is open to possibilities that present themselves. If he could make one big signing, it would be the Internacional and Brazil striker Leandro Damião, whom he tried to buy last summer.
Centre-forward is the priority area for Villas-Boas to strengthen, as he has only Jermain Defoe and Emmanuel Adebayor as specialists in the position and it could be that January is the better time in which to move for Damião, as the Brazilian league is in its off-season. Villas-Boas has no great confidence, though, that a deal will be closed for Damião, a player that Tottenham have chased for several transfer windows.
The club is hopeful that Adebayor will not join up with Togo for the Africa Cup of Nations, which begins on 19 January in South Africa, which would represent a boost to their options.
Adebayor has said that his problem with playing at the tournament relates to the Togolese FA's struggles to co-ordinate the logistical arrangements in a satisfactory fashion and to create a safe environment for the squad, rather than his unhappiness at the non-payment of bonuses. Adebayor is haunted by the gun attack on the Togo team bus before the 2010 tournament in Angola, when three people were shot dead.
MK Menachem Eliezer Mozes, Chairman of the United Torah Judaism (UTJ) faction, fought back Monday against the latest accusations that are being leveled against haredi Jews, in media-backed protests.
He was referring to a protest currently being waged by parents against Israel's too-crowded classrooms – a protest that has been named “the sardine protest,” since schoolchildren are allegedly packed into classrooms like preserved sardines.
MK Mozes took the floor in the Knesset plenum, in the middle of a no-confidence debate, to protest the anti-religious tack adopted by the spokespersons for the “sardine” movement – which shut down schools in about 100 communities nationwide Sunday.
"I usually oppose sudden strikes,” he said, “although in the case of crowded classrooms, the protest is a justified one. But what is particularly disturbing is the unacceptable phenomenon, that whenever there is public discourse about a subject, it is accompanied by an anti-religious tone, because if you don't incite against haredim, it's just not a protest!”
"The media publicized the sardine protest and the headline said – 'overcrowding in the classrooms – lots of room in the haredi sector.' What room are they talking about? I would advise my friends to visit the schools on the ground, and start not far from here, at Panim Meirot street in Jerusalem, at the Vizhnitz School, where 810 girls study in 16 classrooms, with no auxiliary rooms at all. In other words – 50 students er classroom!
"Or go to the caravan city at the Hargol compound in Ashdod. Hundreds of students studying in mobile structures and substandard classrooms,” he urged. “Just last year, during Operation Protective Edge, they shut down the studies there, because there is no fortification there. It's a caravan town.
“You can visit Kiryat Gat, where I visited yesterday, Bnei Brak or Modiin Illit. We study in crowded conditions, in shameful conditions. So how can you say that we don't suffer from overcrowding, and that is why we aren't striking?”
MK Mozes added: “We have a principle that says – no school strikes. The haredim never have strikes. Our sages said that the verse 'from the mouths of babes You have instilled force' hints that the world exists only for the breath emanating from the mouths of children who study Torah. Even if we study in croiwded conditions, even if things are difficult, you don't stop studying. Because 'Torah does not exist – except from difficulty.' And look at the great education that comes from us. Look at the wonderfully educated students who come from our crowded classrooms! In a recent survey on violence among pupils, the haredi sector came out with a statistic of 0% violence!”
"It is regrettable,” he summed up, “that an anti-religious tone is added to such an important protest.”
It's just a difference of opinion between Hillary Clinton and Bernie Sanders on health care. Justin Sullivan/Getty Images
Hillary Clinton's early attacks on Sen. Bernie Sanders' plan for single-payer health care were at best convoluted and at worst simply dishonest. In earlier stages of the campaign, she seemed to suggest that the Vermont senator's desire to “dismantle” America's current suite of public health care programs and replace them with a system of universal government insurance would somehow give Republicans permission to roll back Medicare, Medicaid, and Obamacare. She also attacked Sanders for wanting to raise taxes on the middle class without mentioning that those taxes would, theoretically, just be replacing their health premiums. For whatever reason, she seemed to think Democratic voters couldn't handle the obvious argument that moving to a single-payer system is politically and logistically unrealistic and instead settled for debating in bad faith. Ezra Klein summed it up at Vox with the line, “Hillary Clinton Doesn't Trust You.”
Tonight, at the Democratic debate, she did a better job explaining herself.
Senator Sanders and I share some very big progressive goals. I've been fighting for universal health care for many years and we're now on the path to achieving it. I don't want us to start over again. I think that would be a great mistake to once again plunge our country into a contentious debate about whether we should have and what kind of system we should have for health care. I want to build on the progress we've made. Go from 90-percent coverage to 100-percent coverage. And I don't want to rip away the security that people finally have. Eighteen million people now have health care. Pre-existing conditions are no longer a bar. So we have a difference.
You may not especially like this argument, but it's honest. The wars over Obamacare aren't even over, and Clinton doesn't want to relitigate the fundamental question of how our health care system should be structured. She also doesn't think the government should take away coverage that people already have (likely because, as she learned in the early 1990s, people who have insurance tend to be incredibly protective of it). Instead, she wants to build on the framework that Obamacare put in place and try to expand insurance to those who still don't have it.
Again, you might not agree with all these points. You could argue her own goals aren't even especially achievable, so long as Republicans control the House. But, at least it's a straightforward, sincere argument.
Read more Slate coverage of the Democratic primary.
In the U.S., we tend to organize politically according to identities. For example, we have a Gay Liberation Movement, a Women's Movement, and the Civil Rights Movement, to name three big ones. All of these are personal characteristics made political.
The cartoon below, by Miriam Dobson, does a great job of showing one of the downsides of fighting for progressive social change in this way. For one, it can make people who carry multiple marginalized identities (for example, gay black men) feel unwelcome. And, two, it makes it seem like people without the identity can't be part of the movement.
One solution is to think about oppressions in terms of intersectionality: we are all a mix of identities that resonate with each other in complicated ways. This is a rich idea, but one lesson that it has taught us is that the strategy of divide-and-conquer has been an effective way to keep multiple groups marginalized.
Instead of emphasizing identities, we could identify issues. And if our issue is oppression, we can join-to-resist. As the graphic explains: “oppression of one affects us all.”
Via Sociology Source, Another Angry Woman, and The Sociological Imagination.
While most people have played around with Street View for some fun exploring on the web, the full suite of Street View imagery is also available on your phone or tablet in the Google Maps app. Of course viewing Street View on a smaller screen isn't ideal, but it's quite amazing to have so much power in the palm of your hand — and the additional sensors available in your phone and tablet offer at least one feature you can't get on your desktop. Let's explore what Street View is all about.
Drop down into Street View
While it isn't immediately apparent when you open Google Maps, Street View is actually rolled into the Maps app via an independently-updated Street View module. To access Street View on your phone or tablet, simply long press somewhere on the map to drop a pin, search for a place, or select a pre-determined location and then tap the bar at the bottom of the screen. Among the information such as reviews and operating hours, you'll see a Street View image — tap it and you'll be taken into the street-level imagery at that selected location.
Getting around once you're in Street View mode is pretty simple. The basic navigation paradigms:
Swipe with one finger in any direction to move your camera view
with one finger in any direction to move your camera view Tap the arrows at the bottom of the screen to move in those directions small increments
at the bottom of the screen to move in those directions small increments Double tap locations on the street to quickly move to that spot (if data is available)
locations on the street to quickly move to that spot (if data is available) Pinch and zoom to look closer at anything on the map
Because modern phones and tablets have a whole host of sensors inside, including accelerometers and gyroscopes, Street View can leverage them to provide a uniquely-immersive experience on mobile devices. To enable a "look around" mode where you point the camera by actually moving your device and body rather than swiping, tap on the screen to bring up the control interface and tap the arrowed button in the bottom-right corner to toggle the mode on or off.
When turned on, you'll be able to move around to view things spatially, rather than relying on swiping. Other features like zooming and moving with double taps are all still enabled, but you just now have a more involved way of looking around.
Something to note: Street View is quite interesting and a great way to get information on a location (or just kill some time), but be aware that it does require a good amount of data to pull down all of that information. If you're on a mobile connection with a limited data plan, you may want to be aware that the Street View data is downloading in the background as you scroll around. This gives you the latest up-to-date information, but it will also hit your data allotment heavily if you use it a lot.
A treat for Google Cardboard users
Passengers on a rush-hour Lakeshore East express GO train endured a more than three-hour delay after their train suffered a complete breakdown on Tuesday, sitting stationary on the tracks without power or air-conditioning.
The train departed as usual from Toronto's Union Station at 4:30 p.m., arriving on time at Ajax Station. But shortly after pulling away from the station, the train came to a stop and staff announced that there were mechanical problems.
"Sometimes that happens, no big deal. But the minutes turned into half an hour, an hour," passenger Jennifer Alsop-Lee told CBC News. "We knew we weren't going anywhere for quite some time."
They were right. The train sat still for three hours, according to passengers who were just metres away from the platform at Ajax.
'Something is definitely wrong'
Metrolinx spokeswoman Anne Marie Aikins told CBC News the train suffered a total breakdown and completely lost power. At first, crews tried to fix it but it soon became apparent that they needed to bring in another train to tow it toward a station where passengers could safely get off.
"It was just an unfortunate sequence of events," Aikins said. Being rush hour, the tracks were congested with trains. And making matters worse was a major gas leak that Aikins says shut down the entirety of the Barrie corridor because it posed a safety concern.
That meant staff that could have been deployed to the Lakeshore train had to instead be sent to the Barrie corridor area, something Aikins said made an already inconvenient situation for passengers that much worse.
"To move us out from that spot, if it is taking three hours then something is definitely wrong," passenger Afoul Medhekar said. "You can't hold 500, 600 or 1000 people with no HVAC and not very significant updates," he said.
<a href="https://twitter.com/GOtransit">@GOtransit</a> <a href="https://twitter.com/f4nja">@f4nja</a> Hundreds of us stranded. Big job to fix but we need more info. —@Jhefley
Husband drives to Toronto and back as wife stranded
Meanwhile Alsop-Lee says her husband drove from their home, just north of Whitby, to Toronto, played a 6:30 p.m. basketball game there and drove back -- passing the stalled train -- while his wife was sitting inside stuck, unable to disembark.
"I can't believe you're still on that train," he said to her on the phone.
"He went to Toronto and back in the same amount of time that I sat on that train," Alsop-Lee said. "But there was no way he could help get us off because we were in between stations and stuck there."
Passenger Christopher Pang told CBC News passengers took turns sharing seats on the crowded train as the temperature climbed and the sun set leaving those inside with only minimal emergency lighting.
Passenger Christopher Pang told CBC News passengers took turns sharing seats on the crowded train as the temperature climbed and nightfall leaving those inside with only minimal emergency lighting. (Michael Charles Cole/CBC)
"What if this was something more serious, like a terrorist incident, a fire, a collision? What if passengers had gotten seriously ill?" Pang asked. "What will they do when this is something more serious (God forbid)?"
Refunds coming, Metrolinx says
Medhekar agrees. "That's what emergency planning is for. You think of the worst situation and prepare for a disaster but unfortunately I think there was lack in response."
Aikins says in the event of an emergency, manual releases are available to be used by staff or passengers themselves to open the doors, but that simply letting people walk off onto the tracks would not have been a safe way to resolve the situation.
Anyone affected by the delay can go online to the GO website and enter their train number to have their fare returned to their Presto card, she said. "They absolutely get their money back."
Alsop-Lee would have normally been home at around 5:30 p.m. but on Tuesday she walked in the door at 9 p.m. and still needed to have dinner and put her children to bed.
She says she understands there are safety measures to be followed, but thinks GO Transit could have handled the situation much better.
"I would have rather them shut down the tracks for 10 minutes and let us get off the train."
Prince Charles has long been a vocal supporter of climate change, and now he's taken things to the next level by co-writing a book on the topic.
The next-in-line to the British throne has joined forces with a polar scientist and an environmental campaigner to write The Ladybird Book on Climate Change, which is due out on January 26, and promises to be a basic guide for adults on the science of climate change.
In case you've missed the resurgence, the classic Ladybird books have made a comeback in recent years. They were originally popular as children's books in the '60s and '70s (ironically, there was even a Ladybird guide to Prince Charles' and Lady Diana's wedding in 1981).
But in recent years, the brand has made a comeback in the form of the Ladybird Books for Grown-Ups, which are tongue-in-cheek, spoof instruction manuals.
They use the same classic Ladybird illustration style, but offer guides to things like hangovers and hipsters.
Penguin
That series sold more than 3 million copies since 2015, and now publisher Penguin is launching a new series called The Ladybird Expert, which will offer simple, non-sarcastic guides to complex topics.
Prince Charles' 48-page climate change guide will be the first in the series.
It's not the first time the prince has been involved in climate change. He's made many addresses on the subject, famously called climate skeptics "the headless chicken brigade", and in 2013, before the birth of his first grandchild George, he told ITV:
"I don't want to be confronted by my future grandchild and them say: 'Why didn't you do something?' So clearly now that we will have a grandchild, it makes it even more obvious to try and make sure we leave them something that isn't a total poisoned chalice."
The idea for the book apparently came to him after he was invited to address the United Nations conference on climate change in Paris in 2015, and he noted the lack of basic guides out there on the complex subject.
He pitched the idea to Penguin, and they decided to turn it into a whole new series.
Penguin
"It was a coincidence, where we were thinking about a new series for adults after the huge success of the spoof books, but this time wanted some factual books by experts on science, history and arts subjects," publisher Rowland White told the Sunday Times.
"So the call and the idea from Clarence House was the catalyst for the new series."
For the manuscript, Prince Charles teamed up with polar scientist Emily Shuckburgh from the British Antarctic Survey and environmentalist Tony Juniper.
The biggest challenge was fitting the latest and most accurate science possible into such a short format - the books usually don't contain more than a few sentences on a page.
“His Royal Highness, Emily, and I had to work very hard to make sure that each word did its job, while at the same time working with the pictures to deliver the points we needed to make," Juniper told the Mail on Sunday.
"I hope we've managed to paint a vivid picture, and like those iconic titles from the 60s and 70s, created a title that will stand the test of time."
The manuscript was reviewed by a group of scientists from the Royal Meteorological Society, as well as a team of seven other climate specialists, before it was given the all clear.
So what do scientists think about the new series?
"There's the obvious danger that this won't be taken seriously," Phillip Williamson, an environmental scientist at the University of East Anglia, who wasn't involved in the new book, told the BBC.
"But if the style is right, and the information is correct and understandable, the new Ladybird book with royal authorship could be just what is needed to get the message across that everyone needs to take action on climate change."
Two stories in today's newspapers say a lot about where the focus is for saving lives on the highways:
Random Tests Go Too Far
Winnipeg, Canada. Oct. 18 — Police powers to check for impaired driving have encroached relentlessly upon civil liberties, such that innocent motorists are randomly, routinely pulled over and questioned, absent of cause. If an officer suspects any drinking has occurred, drivers must take a test. The penalties for refusing are equal to failing the test...
Now the Harper government wants to eliminate the need for any suspicion of drinking, allowing police to randomly demand a roadside test.
Advocacy group Mothers Against Drunk Driving is celebrating, saying this should make the glass of wine with dinner a thing of the past…
MADD, however, has been strangely silent about the proven greater dangers to human life of talking or texting on cell phones while driving.
Texting and Driving a Costly Business Risk
Miami, FL. Oct 18 — Cellphones and driving don't mix.
According to the National Safety Council, an estimated 200,000 crashes a year are caused by drivers who are texting. And that doesn't include the near-misses. Added to that, a recent Car & Driver Magazine study found that texting and driving was more hazardous than drinking and driving, with texting drivers three to four times slower in their response rates than drunk drivers...
Perhaps Candy Lightner, the founder and first president of MADD, was right when she quit the organization, claiming that it its focus had shifted from saving lives to prohibition.
Britons benefited from pooled EU resources in the emergency response to the attack in Sousse in Tunisia two years ago, the report said Sami Boukef/AP
Theresa May's Home Office drew up an unpublished document that revealed how Britons could be more at risk of terrorism and crime after Brexit.
The paper, prepared by officials with help from MI5 and MI6, warned that leaving the EU would make the UK less secure from “terrorism, criminality and illegal migration”.
Senior figures involved in compiling the document, which has been leaked to The Times, maintained that all of its fears were justified. They said it set out the details of the challenge for ministers involved in the Brexit negotiations.
The 49-page paper was produced in the run-up to the referendum last year but then dropped in a row over campaign tactics.
Mrs May oversaw the document, which started in the Home Office, according…
In the land of glitz and glamor – it's the green that makes the biggest difference of all.
And with several bill proposals targeting funding to the state's Moving Image Industry Incentive Program, film industry experts are concerned.
"Austin will lose its place as a destination to make production," warned Rooster Teeth co-founder Burnie Burns, as he discussed potential cuts to the program.
The Austin-based company employs 290 people - and has continued to grow since moving into a new facility, where it neighbors the Austin Film Society.
"If the incentive program gets cut back any further, we're constantly going to be under pressure to take our productions, and take them to other places. To other states, to other cities. You know we'll be under that pressure," Burns explained.
Rooster Teeth specializes in a variety of content - from animated shorts to video games to feature length films. And while Burns said he can't imagine a scenario where they'd ever leave town - the nature of the business makes it possible that job growth will suffer.
"Production companies the way they work, we can go make our shows anywhere. So we can take the jobs that we create, and we can create those jobs somewhere else. We've created 290 jobs here in Austin," Burns said.
Rebecca Campbell, the CEO of the Austin Film Society, shared similar concerns.
"It's really simple, it's arithmetic. So if the incentive, if the pool of funds that's available to offer rebates to films is smaller, there will be fewer films and there will be less economic impact," said Campbell.
That arithmetic breaks down like this:
In 2013, the program was funded at $95 million.
In 2015, legislators slashed it to $32 million.
The program allows for projects which meet certain minimum requirements - 70% of paid crew, cast members, and extras must be Texas residents, and 60% of total production must take place in Texas - to apply for funds based on money spent in a state.
That's determined on a sliding scale - the more a production spends, the more they're eligible to receive in reimbursements:
5 percent for projects spending between $250,000 - $1 million
10 percent for projects spending between $1 million and 3.5 million
And 20 percent for projects exceeding $3.5 million.
There's an additional 2.5 percent available if a certain amount of the production takes place in a designated "underutilized and economically distressed area."
Separate from this specific program, specific cities also can kick in incentives - though it's typically less than 1%.
The potential funding cuts have also caused concern amongst the industry's crew members, like location manager Nick Thomas.
He recently worked on the film "Little Woods" in Austin – slated to be released next year.
"I would worry about not getting any consistent work and I would worry about my friends and co-workers," said Thomas.
Prior to moving here, Thomas worked in neighboring Louisiana. Their film industry suffered after legislation reduced available credits.
Here in Texas, lawmakers are looking to make further funding cuts, with some taking it even a step further.
State Senator Bob Hall's proposal would eliminate the incentive program altogether.
"Every dollar that's given to the industry has to be taken from the pocket from an individual citizen like yourself, that you lose your choice of where you want to use that dollar," explained Hall.
He added the bill was unrelated to the state's budget shortfall, noting he proposed similar legislation last session.
"This is not about the amount of money. There's never a right way to do the wrong thing. And government funding private industry to compete with other private industry is the wrong role of government," Hall noted.
Hall said it had nothing to do with the specific content being produced.
"It is all about the role of government, and what government should be doing. This is not a core function of government - to be funding private enterprise, one company to be competing over another," Hall explained.
Senator Hall pointed to other incentive-based programs he's taken issue with - ranging from the Enterprise Fund to the Major Events Reimbursement Program Fund.
Industry leaders said they're trying to educate lawmakers about the issue - asserting it has long-term positive economic benefits.
"The incentives program has generated $1.25 billion in economic impact. And that for every dollar that's been rebated to a film, that Texas has seen $5.55 in spending," said Campbell.
She pointed to funding cuts to the program as being responsible for the loss of production.
"Yes. I heard the Director of the Texas Film Commission cited $145 million in projects that have been lost in the last biennium. Personally, I can point to the TV show 'From Dusk Till Dawn' which relocated to New Mexico for its' third season. We had 'American Crime' which relocated to Los Angeles, and specifically cited their incentives program as being the reason they moved. And then there was the TV show 'The Leftovers.' So for sure, we've seen some flight, and it's hurt us economically. And we've also had crew members relocate. We've had producers relocate to Atlanta and New Mexico," Campbell explained.
When asked if there was any truth to a "political backlash" - while balancing general liberal policies favored by many in the industry vs. a Republican-controlled state government, both Campbell and Hall rejected the notion.
"In my experience meeting politicians, in general everybody likes the movies. It's great for your constituency, it brings fame to your town, it gets you headlines, it gets you that money. So I don't think there's really any aversion to the industry even with “liberal Hollywood politics.” I really think it's just more that this idea sometimes that incentives are just not the way to go, and that's why we're pounding the message in – it's a rebate. The money has already been paid out in Texas. So it's just a portion of that that is being given back in order to attract that film," said Campbell.
"Absolutely not. It's the merits of the issue. It's exactly the same merits that we evaluate every bill that comes up.... we address it based on the issues. It has nothing to do whether it's Republican, Democrat, or even someone who has voted against every bill I've put up. It's the issue itself. And that's what this is. It has nothing to do with except the fact that this is not the proper role of government," Hall explained.
It should be noted that the program was funded at its highest mark under Republican Governor Rick Perry.
The incentive program covers film, television, commercials, video games, reality television, and special effects projects.
Despite the proposed bills, Campbell believes they have strong support from the Governor's Office to fund the program.
Two other lawmakers - Senator Konni Burton and Representative Matt Shaheen - have proposed similar bills this session. Both declined KVUE's interview requests.
Linda and Daniel Tabone are value-adding to their lime crop with a range of drinks and salt.
A Queensland couple frustrated by food wastage has transformed unwanted limes into a line of value-added products that continues to grow.
Linda and Daniel Tabone began planting 2,000 lime trees in their orchard at Tandur near Gympie in 2007.
Audio Player failed to load. Try to Download directly (1.99 MB) Space to play or pause, M to mute, left and right arrows to seek, up and down arrows for volume. Download (1.99 MB)
Load more chevron right
Audio Player failed to load. Try to Download directly (2.35 MB) Space to play or pause, M to mute, left and right arrows to seek, up and down arrows for volume. Download (2.35 MB)
Load more chevron right
They were quickly confronted by the fickle nature of the industry, which can deliver prices ranging from less than 50 cents a kilogram at the peak of the season to $15 a kilogram when the crop is in short supply.
"We were dropping something like 20 tonnes a year, just left on the ground because there was no money in it to try to actually pick it up and try to sell it," Ms Tabone said.
"We thought, we'll see whether we can do something else with it while it's not viable just to sell fresh to the market."
Without sounding too funny we've managed to take the pith out of it and have pure zest Daniel Tabone, lime farmer
In 2010 the Tabones began making their own value-added products, starting with lime salt and lime cordial.
"So basically with the one piece of fruit we would best it and dry that, blend it with salt to make that product, and then we would juice that same lime to make cordial," Ms Tabone said.
Share The lime orchard near Gympie has 2,000 trees.
The couple was not prepared for the response to their homemade lime products when they tested the waters at the Eumundi Markets on the Sunshine Coast.
"I just thought people won't buy this, that's okay, I'll go there and I'll check out all those really cool stalls," Ms Tabone said.
"And now six years later we've got more and more product, so they're selling."
Chance encounter speeds up production
A chance encounter at the Eumundi Markets led to a more streamlined approach to making the lime salt.
"We've been making the lime salt for a while and I'd always done it by hand, and it really limited how much we could do," Mr Tabone said.
"Every night I'd be standing there zesting hundreds of limes, and then one day we met some Americans at the Eumundi Markets.
"They loved the product and they wanted to take it to America and we said we couldn't do it, it's all done by hand.
"So we ended up sitting down and working out how we could make a machine.
"Next thing you know they went off and he had the engineering skills and the contacts, and bingo we've got this machine."
The growers are now trialling five of the prototype zesting machines, with each able to process 40-50 kilograms of fruit an hour.
Share American inventors have built zesting machines to speed up the Tabone's production process.
"The zest is second to none. There's just no pith in it," Mr Tabone said.
"Anybody who's ever zested a bit of citrus will know that you've got the very thin layer of zest at the top, and then the thick layer of white, bitter-tasting pith.
"Without sounding too funny, we've managed to take the pith out of it and have pure zest."
As well as making lime salt, the pith is snap frozen and supplied direct to restaurants, something that has not been available commercially before.
"We've only just started doing that but the feedback that we're getting from restaurants is pretty positive," Mr Tabone said.
Drink with bite popular with chilli lovers
The latest in Suncoast Limes' range of products is a lime and chilli soda called Scurvy Dog, a name the couple trademarked years ago.
"One night, it was just, let's try a lime and chilli soda, mainly because we did do a lime and chilli cordial for a while and people were using it for a Christmas mixer with vodka or tequila," Mr Tabone said.
"It's not for everybody — it has got a chilli bite to it — but there are a lot of chilli lovers out there."
Mr Tabone said it was difficult to get distributors in a competitive market dominated by big and medium sized players in the food and beverage industry, but they had been buoyed by local support.
"A lot of shops and delis who want something local are more than happy to stock it," Mr Tabone said.
The couple started with a run of 2,000-3,000 bottles of the chilli lime soda, but said there was potential to expand.
"If this took off there's no reason why we couldn't produce pallets and pallets of it," Mr Tabone said.
"We could draw fruit from a lot of local farmers, which is one of the intentions of what we're trying to do — not just raise our own standard, but get other growers involved so they're not dumping fruit like we were."
Ryan Giggs: Recently penned a new playing deal, but is being tipped to move into management
Paul Scholes has backed Ryan Giggs to be a serious contender for the Manchester United managerial post when Sir Alex Ferguson slips into retirement.
The current occupant of the Old Trafford hot-seat has offered no indication that he is to step down any time soon, but there will become a day when he finally walks away.
Speculation regarding who could fill such sizeable shoes is already doing the rounds, with the likes of Jose Mourinho and Pep Guardiola drawing plenty of support.
United could, however, be prepared to promote from within, offering a club legend the opportunity to inherit the reins.
Giggs, who recently penned a 12-month extension to his playing contract, is considered to be the most likely candidate to take that step.
United have always maintained that they will look to appoint the best manager available at the time, but Scholes has revealed that those inside the camp have already discussed the possibility of Giggs moving into the dugout.
"People have talked about Mourinho," he told FourFourTwo.
"It can change quickly - it's about who is successful at the time. Whether they are British or foreign, you just want the best man for the job.
"I could see Ryan Giggs becoming manager."
Advice
It is also being widely reported that Ferguson considers Giggs to be the ideal choice as his successor.
The Scot has worked closely with the Welsh winger for 20 years, with the pair having helped United to enjoy an era of domestic dominance.
United have in the past said that they will take Ferguson's advice on board when the day comes to make a managerial change, with chief executive David Gill having told The Independent back in May 2010: "I think Alex will be the key.
"He knows people. He will have a big role in advising and being a sounding board."
Was she 'executed'? Iranian molecular scientist, 30, shot dead in car outside her Texas home while talking on cell phone to ex-boyfriend
'He [ex-boyfriend] heard a loud thud - doesn't recall hearing any gunshots, but a loud thud - and then a screeching noise. He said it sounded like someone driving away'
They received two calls about gunshots in the area within 45 minutes
Targeted? The shooter walked up to Gelareh Bagherzadeh's car and shot her in the head at close range
Detectives investigating the murder of an Iranian molecular scientist gunned down in her car as she drove home believe she was followed or that someone was waiting for her.
Gelareh Bagherzadeh, 30, who lobbied on behalf of Iranian women's civil rights, was struck by a single bullet that entered the passenger door window as she talked on her cell phone with her ex-boyfriend.
Her car then rolled into and a garage dooryards from her parents' home in a townhouse community just southwest of Houston, Texas.
The car's engine was still running when police found her body behind the wheel about 12:30am on Monday.
According to police, someone walked to the passenger's side of her car and shot her at point-blank range.
Describing what the ex-boyfriend heard, homicide Sgt. Richard Bolton told KHOU-TV: 'He heard a loud thud - doesn't recall hearing any gunshots, but a loud thud - and then a screeching noise. He said it sounded like someone driving away.'
Sgt Bolton said police have questioned the ex-boyfriend but he is not a person of interest in the case.
Bagherzadeh was a molecular genetic technology student at M.D. Anderson Cancer Center in Houston. She also was active in promoting Iranian women's rights, police spokesman Victor Senties said.
'It appears she was one of the ones who would be out protesting, and she was very well known in the Iranian women's rights community because she was constantly out protesting,' he told the Houston Chronicle.
Scroll down for videos
Activist: Ms Bagherzadeh was a founding member of SatzHouston who called for political change in Iran. she was also an outspoken supporter of women's rights in the country
Protest: Bagherzadeh participated in the Iranian protests in 2010 with the group SatzHouston (pictured) and was a vocal proponent for regime change in Tehran at that time
Murder: Iranian molecular scientist was shot dead in her car while talking on cell phone to ex-boyfriend
Senties said it was unclear whether her death was related to her background or her activities.
It was a neighbour, who heard the sound of the shattering glass, who first alerted the police.
Officer J.C. Padilla said: 'When the officer arrived, the car's tires were still spinning. He had to reach in and turn off the motor.'
Authorities received two calls within the space of 45 minutes about gunshots in the area. It is not known if they are linked.
Police are offering a $5,000 reward to anyone who knows any information.
Investigators at the Houston Police Department are currently searching through the video footage from a neighbour's surveillance system in an attempt to find clues as to what happened.
Locals and community members are stunned that such a violent crime could have taken place in the neighbourhood, where, according to one resident Oguz Orhov, 'you don't even hear the traffic.'
Sherise Mousa, who heard the gunshot and lives in the low crime area, told Fox News: 'It's scary because I live over here and I'm a single mom.'
Sgt Padilla added that Woodway Point is not a place the police are often called to.
Ms Bagherzadeh was one of the founding members of of Sabz Houston, a local Iranian organization that urges change in the current Iranian government. Her friends describe her as sweet and smart.
The group is made up of about 30 people - mostly students - who protest peacefully for freedom and change in the government.
Crash: After being shot dead, the medical student's car rolled into a neighbour's garage door. The killer and motive remain a mystery to police
She appeared in an online video filmed by the Houston Chronicle in 2010 for her participation in a series of protests against the Ahmadinejad government. During the interview, she, like many other protesters, refrained from using her last name for fear of persecution.
'At the moment, our investigators are trying to confirm whether she was followed,' HPD spokesperson Victor Senties told CultureMap, noting that it remained unclear whether her protest background played a role in the murder.
AUSTRALIA'S Sally Pearson has claimed a stunning gold medal victory in the women's 100 metre hurdles on a day of high-profile farewells in London.
Two farewells ended in tears as Mo Farah was beaten in the final of the 5000m at his final championship, while the legendary Usain Bolt's career finished in the worst possible fashion — with the star sprinter suffering an apparent hamstring injury in his final ever race, the 4x100m relay.
Britain won the relay with Bolt pulling up lame on the home straight and collapsing to the ground with the crowd in shock.
SALLY PEARSON: ‘I'M THE FASTEST NOW'
SOFTLY, SOFTLY RETURN FOR CANDICE
BRAIN FADE SHOCK AT WORLD CHAMPIONSHIPS
STRATTON LEAPS INTO AUSSIE HISTORY
PEARSON CLAIMS SECOND WORLD TITLE
Sally Pearson has capped an extraordinary comeback from injury by winning gold in the 100m hurdles at the world athletics championships. Competing at her first major global championship since 2013 and having overcome serious wrist, hamstring and achilles injuries, Pearson powered away from the field on Saturday to win in 12.59 seconds.
Her long-time rival Dawn Harper-Nelson from the United States was second in 12.63 and Germany's Pamela Dutkiewicz claimed the bronze in 12.72. World record holder Kendra Harrison from the US finished out of the medals in fourth place.
“That was bloody hard,” an emotional Pearson said shortly after crossing the finish line.
“I've worked so hard, I don't know what has just happened out there. “I'm so tired but I'm sure it will sink in soon.
“It's been a long journey back from injury, but to get this moment and go and celebrate in front of my family is unreal.” It was a third major 100m hurdles title for Pearson, who had previously won gold at the 2011 world championships in Daegu and the 2012 London Olympics. The 30-year-old joined 400m runner Cathy Freeman and 400m hurdler Jana Pittman as the only Australians to have won two world track and field titles. Her next challenge will be winning a third successive Commonwealth title on home soil on the Gold Coast next year.
Sally Pearson of Australia celebrates with an Australian flag after winning gold in the Women's 100 metres hurdles final. Source: Getty Images
After injury denied Pearson of the opportunity to defend her Olympic crown last year in Rio, she decided to coach herself.
It proved to be masterstroke.
She assumed favouritism for the world title by clocking the fastest semi-final time of 12.53 on Friday evening and carried that dominance into the final. “I don't know if it was surprise or what, but the emotion just escaped my body because I was so excited and so happy to have achieved what I have worked so hard for,” Pearson said.
“I love this stadium, I love the people and I'm so happy to have been back here doing the same thing again (winning gold).” It was the latest instalment of the great rivalry between Pearson and Harper- Nelson, with the American having relegated the Australian into second spot at the 2008 Beijing Olympics, only for Pearson to reverse that result four years later in London.
“Me and Sally have just battled it out for years and it's been so great to be here with her,” said the 33-year-old Harper.
“Silver tastes like gold tonight.
“I am really excited to come out of this with a medal for the US. “At the end, I could see Sally had won and I thought ‘it's me and Sally again'.”
BOLT AND FARAH BIG ADIEU
Athletics superstar Usain Bolt's last championship race ended in dramatic fashion as he collapsed injured on the track anchoring Jamaica's 4x100 metres relay in the world championship final.
Here AFP Sports picks out five of his best quotes and five about him since he is first light up the championship track at the 2008 Beijing Olympics:
- What they said about him -
“There is no athlete that can compete with him... he's a global superstar.” - Bolt's predecessor as an athletics superstar, Michael Johnson, whose 200 metres world record Bolt broke in the 2008 Olympic final.
“You can compare us as sprinters, but the thing I am most proud of is that I did multiple events and I long-jumped.” - Damned with faint and grudging praise by American legend Carl Lewis who also cast aspersions as to the Jamaican doping system to which Bolt retorted: “Carl Lewis, I have no respect for him.”
Jamaica's Usain Bolt lays on the track after he pulled up injured in the final of the Men's 4x100m relay. Source: AP
“He is an icon. He is the best sprinter of all time.” - Former International Olympic Committee (IOC) President Jacques Rogge, who was chided at the 2012 London Olympics for refusing to say he was a legend. Former Olympic yachtsman Rogge instead opted to nominate British yachting icon Ben Ainslie as his star of the Games.
“Nobody's ever been faster than this guy! Ever! Of all the billions of people.” - Then-US President Barack Obama reflects on the global nature of Bolt's stardom after meeting with him in Jamaica and then performing the lightning bolt pose with him.
“Usain Bolt is now Jamaica's biggest ambassador. His personality, his ability to draw people to him (and) his showmanship have really given a boost to Brand Jamaica.” - Jamaican Prime Minister Andrew Holness neatly sums up Bolt's gift to the Caribbean island.
- Bolt on himself -
“I am Lightning Bolt! I am not Flash Gordon or anybody. My name is Bolt, Lightning Bolt.” - Bolt after smashing Michael Johnson's 200m world record in the 2008 Beijing Olympic final to complete his first of three individual Olympic sprint doubles.
“Manners is the key thing. Say for instance when you're growing up you're walking down the street you've got to tell everybody good morning. Everybody. You can't pass one person.” - Bolt displaying why he has charmed everyone along the way, never forgetting the strict but grounded way he was brought up by his parents, father Wellesley and mother Jennifer.
“People come to see you run fast, but they also come to see a show, a performance... that's what I give them.” - Bolt savvy as ever and why athletics will miss him so much: not just for his jaw-dropping brilliance but also his ability to entertain.
“I'm now a legend, I'm also the greatest athlete to live. I am in the same category as Michael Johnson.” - Bolt after winning the 2012 Olympic 200m title to complete the individual sprint double double.
“If Queen Elizabeth knighthooded me and I would get the title Sir Usain Bolt. That would sound very nice.” - Bolt on the possibility of joining Mo Farah as a knight of the Realm. Not wholly implausible as he has been athletics' knight in shining armour for nearly a decade.
**
Meanwhile, Muktar Edris of Ethiopia broke the hold of Mo Farah on long-distance running, outkicking the Briton over the final 200 meters to win the 5,000 meters at the world championships.
Ethiopia's Muktar Edris (L) wins ahead of Britain's Mo Farah (R). Source: AFP
In a tactical race, Farah could not respond to a challenge for the first time in six years, turning his farewell race on the track at a major championship into a disappointment.
Edris won in 13 minutes, 33.79 seconds, .43 seconds ahead of Farah in second. Farah was going for his fifth straight global long-distance double.
Paul Chelimo of the United States took bronze.
RE-LIVE
Germany will soon mark the 25th anniversary of the fall of the Berlin Wall. Even today, the Germans still have plenty of reason to celebrate the historic changes that took place in 1989.
East and West Germans took it upon themselves to forge a new country. But what has become of them a quarter of a century later? Have they come together or grown apart? We believe they have changed each other in often surprising ways.
GESIS, the Leibniz Institute for Social Sciences, has collected information about German society every two years since 1980. The German General Social Survey asks the Germans what they think about issues like family, politics, religion and foreigners.
We have culled answers from eastern and western Germans to 15 questions spanning from the early 1990s to 2012. Taken together, their attitudes towards abortion, education, social inequality and patriotism paint a previously unknown picture of German reunification.
Instead of focusing our attention solely on hardware, we should really be having a discussion about NX's software. Based on things I've heard, I am 100% confident that the NX's software output will blow away the Wii U's first party software output (which was never impressive to begin with). In a single year, the NX will build a larger library of first party games than Wii U produced in three or four years.
This isn't some hyperbolic statement. This isn't speculation nor blind optimism. These aren't my personal fan wishes either. Furthermore, my negative feelings toward the Wii U have zero influence on any of the information mentioned below.
Here is what I've been told by my sources close to Nintendo:
The big fundamental focal point (and overall goal) behind NX is to vastly increase the software output from Nintendo's first party teams and studios.
(and overall goal) behind NX is to vastly increase the software output from Nintendo's first party teams and studios. To accomplish this, the entire process of how Nintendo develops and produces software has gone through radical changes .
of how Nintendo develops and produces software has gone through . There is a new strategy that was put in place to create and release first party software at a faster rate.
Multiple unannounced Wii U projects were moved over to NX.
The NX could potentially see the highest output of first party software in the company's history. (I'm talking about the entire lifespan of NX. Not just one or two years.)
Now, there are a few things that need to be mentioned here.
Reminder: A new process/strategy doesn't necessarily mean that software won't ever be delayed, or there won't ever be gaps between releases. There is no “perfect strategy” that will prevent delays if a project requires more polish…or if a project just isn't coming together as the company had hoped.
Also, the company does Nintendo Direct, so it's unknown how much software will be revealed at E3 this year. For example: Bayonetta 2 wasn't announced until three months after E3 2012. Games like Xenoblade Chronicles X, Yoshi Wooly World, and Wind Waker HD weren't revealed until the January 2013 Direct — two months after Wii U launched.
So it's possible that Nintendo may save some game announcements for later events after E3 (and after launch). I highly doubt that they will bust their entire load at E3.
With that said, the NX definitely won't be the shit show that we experienced on Wii U with three month droughts on a regular basis. At least not when it comes to first party software.
MANILA, Philippines - Finance Secretary Carlos Dominguez has sought to convince investors and foreign governments of the Duterte administration's commitment to follow the rule of law and help beat climate change.
This came even as President Duterte continued to shrug off critics of his anti-drug campaign and his move not to honor a global climate pact signed in Paris, France last February.
Dominguez told an investor roundtable in Washington the drug war is meant to “rebuild public order.”
“Over the short period this new government has been in power, it attracted the attention of the global media mainly because of its unremitting war against the drug syndicates,” Dominguez said.
“While undoubtedly photogenic, the war on drugs is just part of a larger effort to assert the rule of law, break the grip of organized crime on some of our institutions of governance...,” he said.
Dominguez, who is in the US for the annual meetings of the International Monetary Fund and World Bank, said laws had been “widely ignored” and that there is a need to “restore” public confidence to the state.
On top of the drug war, Dominguez also cited efforts to put an end to decades-long insurgency in Mindanao, underscoring the formal resumption of peace talks with rebels.
Specifically, the Communist Party of the Philippines and the government resumed long-stalled talks in August with bilateral ceasefire in place.
“Given the initial talks, we are confident that a sustainable political settlement will be achieved soon,” Dominguez said.
In another event, Dominguez together with the finance leaders of 42 other climate-vulnerable countries said “a clear roadmap” for the disbursement of $100 billion in climate finance is needed.
The amount represents commitments from developed countries under a Paris climate deal, which the Philippines decided not to ratify.
This was after President Duterte said the deal would hamper the country's industrialization drive, which would hit economic growth and development.
“Our plans to build resilience and develop while protecting the climate and our people are also among the most ambitious of any countries in the world,” Dominguez said.
He called for international cooperation to fight climate change beyond the grouping known as the Vulnerable 20 Group, which has since expanded membership.
The Philippines, he said, had done its part by investing $20 million on its People's Survival Fund, a money pool used to finance climate adaptation projects.
“Unless commitment to mobilize additional financing flows to assist the most vulnerable countries is realized, these countries will find themselves in peril,” he said.
The banking agents enable the poor to easily save money they otherwise might be tempted to spend, Mr. Banerjee said. And when times are lean, people could withdraw money they had saved, instead of borrowing cash at high rates of interest. The accounts earn currently earn 4 percent annual interest, which is standard for savings accounts in India. There are no maintenance fees or charges for deposits or withdrawals.
“It's true that this will not make them rich,” Mr. Banerjee said, “but it will make them less likely to face starvation someday.”
Ms. Yashwant is one of an estimated 60,000 of what Indian bankers call “business correspondents,” who are not bank employees but earn commissions that the banks pay them for each transaction.
The Reserve Bank of India, the country's central bank, began the push for banking correspondents about five years ago. After slow initial growth, the central bank predicts the ranks of correspondents will more than double, to 126,000, by March. The Reserve Bank has ordered commercial banks to set up correspondents in every village with more than 2,000 people and has assigned each of those villages to one bank or another.
Photo
For India's banks, it is a relatively inexpensive way to recruit customers. While about 70 percent of India's population is dispersed among more than 600,000 villages, the entire country has only 33,500 bank branches. Correspondents like Ms. Yashwant have set up 74 million bank accounts in India.
“If you used the traditional high-cost banking system, you will never reach these people,” said Jayant Sinha, who is managing director of the India office of Omidyar Network, a philanthropic investment firm set up by Pierre M. Omidyar, the founder of eBay .
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Ms. Yashwant has been a correspondent in Kolad for four months, for State Bank, India's biggest bank. The $200 or so she earns in an average month is a good wage in rural India, where the average monthly income is only about $65.
Traveling by bus or rickshaw to villages around her town to recruit customers, Ms. Yashwant meets a variety of challenges. In some remote villages her wireless Internet connection fades in and out. Frequent blackouts disrupt the work. And the fingerprint scanner can struggle to read the calloused fingers of farm laborers.
On a recent rain-soaked afternoon, in her Kolad office, she patiently persevered to take a print from Rajashri Nakati, a 35-year-old farmhand. “I want to save my money,” said Ms. Nakati, a mother of five. “If I leave it at home, it will get spent.”
Photo
Ms. Yashwant dragged Ms. Nakati's rough fingers over her scanner several times, sighing as her laptop beeped when the scan did not render an acceptable imprint. She repeated the exercise with six fingers, three on each hand, as a gaggle of women, friends and relatives of Ms. Nakati, dressed in brightly colored saris watched through a window.
Finally, Ms. Yashwant captured a print. That scan, with a simple one-page application and a passport-size photo of Ms. Nakati, would next go to the bank's back office. It would take two days before the account was ready for Ms. Nakati's first deposit of 100 rupees (about $2).
Such banking represents the kind of “frugal innovation” that India has become known for in recent years — finding inexpensive solutions to its development challenges. State Bank is also buying hundreds of solar-powered A.T.M.'s that have fingerprint scanners and do not need air-conditioning at temperatures as high as 50 degrees Celsius (122 degrees Fahrenheit) from an Indian company called Vortex Engineering. The machines are being placed in small towns, and, for now, are meant for customers who open regular bank accounts, not the no-frills accounts set up by the roving correspondents, which do not come with A.T.M. cards.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
Because of the small sums involved, State Bank says it loses money on most of the accounts opened by correspondents. The balances in those accounts total 1.1 billion rupees ($21.8 million), not even a rounding error relative to State Bank's total deposits of about $200 billion.
Still, officials said that while the average account balance was only 160 rupees ($3.30) at the end of August, it has increased steadily. As recently as March, the average balance was just 100 rupees.
Over time, State Bank officials say, they expect the accounts to be large enough to be worth the bank's investment.
“Right now, it's more of a social obligation,” Krishna Kumar, a managing director at State Bank, said in his wood-paneled 18th-floor office in Mumbai. “But in a few years, it will be significant.”
Singer was willing to stick by Del Toro's unconventional decision, and he told the cast that any time they didn't understand what he said, they should ask him to repeat himself in character, if only to signal to the viewers that they themselves were not going crazy and he was indeed talking like Mushmouth after dental surgery. So thanks to Del Toro, the one character who was designed to be completely forgettable wound up being one of the most memorable aspects of the movie.
Later, the cast mutinously approached Singer in his office to tell him that while they respected Del Toro as an actor, none of them could figure out what the hell he was trying to do.
1 Judy Garland Was Horribly Abused While Filming The Wizard Of Oz
MGM
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
From the very beginning, studio executives were worried that Judy Garland was too fat to play a happy-go-lucky Kansas farm girl, so in an effort to prevent her lumbering, gelatinous ass from literally sinking the production, they put her in a corset and shoved amphetamines down her throat hand over fist. She was 16 at the time, but this was the 1930s, when forcing children into meth addiction was standard Hollywood practice. As opposed to today, where it's totally different. (We use prescription pills now.)
MGM executive Louis B. Mayer was so committed to making sure Garland got down to an acceptable weight that he had people follow her around to make sure she wasn't cheating on her diet. That diet, by the way, consisted of chicken soup, coffee, and ... 80 cigarettes a day. Holy fuck, 1930s.
MGM
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
"Somewheeeere over the rainbow, IIIII eeeat fooooood ..."
Garland's co-stars didn't treat her any better, either. The actors who played the Scarecrow, the Tin Man, the Cowardly Lion, and the Wizard refused to even talk to her between takes, insisting that they were serious actors and resented playing second fiddle to a woman. Even on screen, they would attempt to shove her to the back of the scene like a bunch of schoolyard bullies. Ironically, the only friend she made on set was Margaret Hamilton, who played the Wicked Witch.
MGM
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
#NotAllWitches
Director Victor Fleming was an utter bastard, too. Garland had an unfortunate habit of laughing at Bert Lahr's (Cowardly Lion) antics during filming, so Fleming would have to occasionally take her into the back and slap the humor out of her. The fucking Land of Oz is no place for whimsy, Judy.
MGM
"Too bad this doesn't work in real life."
Andrew Martin is a writer and comedian living in Los Angeles. You can, and should, follow him on Twitter. Adam Koski is not at all embarrassed by the star of this audio version of his short story. Readers can look forward to his upcoming fantasy book Forust: A Tale of Magic Gone Wrong.
For more behind-the-scenes looks at Hollywood, check out 20 Stupid Roles That Still Haunt The World's Biggest Stars and 5 Famous Actors Who Hate Their Most Iconic Roles.
Subscribe to our YouTube channel, and check out another 9 Celebrity Freak Outs (That Were Totally Justified), and watch other videos you won't see on the site!
Also, follow us on Facebook. Or don't. But please do!
Check out the movie version of David Wong's first book John Dies at the End, starring Paul Giamatti.
What the Hell Did I Just Read: A Novel of Cosmic Horror, the third book in David Wong's John Dies at the End series, is available now!
Jason Bedford is responsible for making me do yet another entire show about car dings. In this show we finally talk to shower lady from a previous show, a man who doesn't think I should be skateboarding at 42, a man who isn't happy that I'm just trying to do my job as a private investigator, and of course Benjamin Cunningham the Second.
Support the PLA on Patreon, add PLA on Facebook, add Snow Plow Show on Facebook, add Prank Call Nation on Facebook, add Prank Call Nation on on Twitter, add Prank Call Nation on Mixlr, add PLA on Twitter, add PLA on Tumblr, add PLA on YouTube, add PLA Shows on YouTube, add RBCP on Instagram, add RBCP on Twitter, add RBCP on YouTube, add RBCP on Vine, leave a voice message for the show at 814-422-5309.
At Spring Training 2013, there was no more hated player in baseball than John Lackey. Peter Abraham, the terrific Red Sox beat reporter for The Boston Globe, wrote that February, "To fans, John Lackey is the most unpopular player on the Red Sox. There is no second place; that's how much of a landslide it is."
Lackey seemed to represent everything fans dislike about players. He signed a huge contract -- with a big-market team whose fanbase still grouses about the bad deal they gave to Jack Clark 23 years ago -- and then almost immediately began to struggle, putting up a 6.41 ERA in 2011 for a team whose September collapse was so total that it broke up a brain trust that had won the Red Sox (the Red Sox!) two World Series in five years.
That implosion led to the inevitable Red Sox clubhouse SCANDAL! stories, most of which Lackey was right in the middle of, specifically that he was a ringleader of a trio of pitchers (Jon Lester and Josh Beckett were the others) who would drink beer, play video games and eat fried chicken during their off days while everyone else was prepping for games. (The fried chicken has always seemed an oddly specific detail; would pizza have been better, or worse?)
Lackey missed all of the 2012 season with an injury -- an injury that was so predictable that then-GM Theo Epstein had it written into his contract -- and still he couldn't stay out of the public's angry glare, with reports that he was "double-fisting" Bud Lights in the locker room after an August loss. (There was also the time he called the chicken controversy "retarded" and then had to apologize again.) He even looked slovenly, like a guy who … well, drank a lot of beer and ate a lot of fried foods. The Red Sox fans booed him every time he stepped on the field, to the point that he told his family to avoid going to Fenway. And he still had three more years under contract to go!
So, of course … he went out in 2013 and had a terrific bounceback season and, oh yeah, won the deciding game of the World Series for the second time in his career. (Not only that, he started two games and threw a relief inning in between.) This is a terrific way to get fans back on your good side. As Lackey will tell you, it's really all about being healthy: When he is healthy, he's a Fierce Competitor; when he's not, he's a Tubby Drunk. When the Red Sox traded him to the Cardinals at the trade deadline this past July, I knew some Boston fans who were actually sad to see him go, the same people who would have happily thrown him off a bridge six months earlier.
Lackey looks different now, thinner, with a beard that definitely helps make it look like less double-fisting is happening. He had still gotten off on a bit of a rough foot with Cardinals fans, doing his usual scowling at fielders who misplay balls -- a serious no-no in St. Louis -- and growling a little too much at manager Mike Matheny when he came to the mound to take him out of the game. But just like that fried chicken business … no one cares about that now. Not after last night.
Your browser does not support iframes.
Lackey was outstanding in the postseason once again last night, this time for the Cardinals, tossing seven innings of one-run, five-hit ball, giving St. Louis a 2-1 NLDS lead over Los Angeles less than a year after he helped the Red Sox tie the World Series against the Cardinals in the same stadium. Lackey has made a whole career of postseason success, and this might have been one of his absolute best starts, against a terrific lineup. He was the snarling, ornery dog he has always been, and he may have saved the Cardinals' season.
It is worth noting that there was some debate, just a week or so ago, about whether or not Lackey would even be in the Cardinals postseason rotation. Adam Wainwright and Lance Lynn were locks, Shelby Miller has been outstanding since the trade for Lackey sent away his best pal Joe Kelly, and Michael Wacha, while recovering from an injury, is coming off one of the best postseasons any pitcher has ever had. Lackey needed two quality starts in the last week of the season just to convince the Cards to give him the Game Three start, and with Wacha still trying to bust into the rotation, the Cardinals would have had a quick hook if necessary. So Lackey responded with his best performance as a Cardinal and his second-best start all season.
Related Articles St. Louis Is The Model Playoff Club What's the best way to build an MLB roster? Thanks to a breakdown of LDS rosters from MLB.com, we can just how… More»
Doug Fister Gets The Job Done The Nationals kept their October hopes alive on Monday with a 4-1 victory over the Giants on the back of Doug… More»
Why Everyone Loves Nori The Royals beat the Angels in Game 1 of the ALDS thanks to a Mike Moustakas homer, but the eventual winner may not… More»
V-Mart Ready To Cash In Victor Martinez turns 36 years old this winter, but after his MVP-caliber season, he is likely to be the best… More» It really is a bit ridiculous that Lackey is this fantastic in the postseason. His postseason ERA (2.92) is a full run-plus lower than his regular season ERA (4.03), but it's the raw number of quality starts, over such a long period of time, that's most impressive. Here are Lackey's top Game Scores as a postseason starter:
2002 ALCS Game 4 (78): 7 IP, 0 ER, 7 K, 0 BB
2013 ACLS Game 3 (74): 6 2/3 IP, 0 ER, 8 K, 0 BB
2009 ALDS Game 1 (73): 7 1/3 IP, 0 ER, 4 K, 1 BB
2014 NLDS Game 3 (70): 7 IP, 1 ER, 8 K, 1 BB
His average postseason Game Score is about 50, and Lackey has had 11 of those, for three different teams, spanning 12 years. As of last night, he is the current active leader in innings pitched in the postseason with 111, and if the Cardinals keep advancing this season, he's got a chance to pass Dave Stewart and Curt Schilling and enter the top 10 all time. Advanced analysts tend to pooh-pooh the idea of Big Game Pitchers in the playoffs -- with good reason, because there's little statistical proof of such a creature -- but Lackey, like with just about everything in the world, seems to spit in the face of that. Stuff-wise, he's arguably the seventh-best pitcher on the Cardinals staff, behind Wainwright, Lynn, Miller, Wacha, Carlos Martinez and Trevor Rosenthal. But right now, there's no one Cardinals fans would rather have on the mound for a postseason game. Even if they weren't sure they liked him, Angels fans and Red Sox fans felt the same way.
Is there some sort of connection of Lackey's orneriness and postseason success? That crazy intensity that Lackey brings all the time -- the one that chafes teammates, managers, fans and chickens alike -- seems to focus his mind in the playoffs; that clawing, snarling personality is ideally suited for the madness of elimination baseball. Can I prove that? No, and no one could. But Lackey has now done it consistently, for different teams, in different decades, under entirely different circumstances. There's something there.
It's a good reminder: If you are an athlete with a negative public persona -- even if you are the embodiment of what fans purport to dislike about professional athletes the most -- you are just one or two games from turning it all around. Maybe John Lackey is a jerk sometimes because he knows he can be: He knows that no matter what you think of him, when it's October and it's cold and you're desperate and scared and need a win in the worst way … he knows you'll turn to him.
John Lackey can be a jerk the other 11 months of the year, but if he keeps doing what he always does in October, he will be loved, wholeheartedly, forever. Somebody get that man a couple of beers.
****
Email me at leitch@sportsonearth.com; follow me @williamfleitch; or just shout out your window real loud, I'll hear you. Point is, let's talk.
Update as of 3:20 a.m. EST: Seven people have been arrested in connection with the attack on the Charlie Hebdo office in Paris, the French interior ministry said on Thursday, according to media reports. Although details of those arrested have not been released, they are all believed to be either friends or associates of the three suspects, two of whom have still not been found, according to a report by The Telegraph.
Update as of 10:50 p.m.: The New York Times confirmed that the youngest of the three suspects, Hamyd Mourad, surrendered. According to the Times, the 18-year-old walked into a police station in the French town of Charleville-Mézières and gave himself up. The two other suspects remain at large, the Times wrote, citing a spokeswoman for the Paris prosecutor. The report, also confirmed by the AP, contradicts an earlier NBC report that one of the suspects had been killed.
Updated as of 9:05 p.m.: Both AFP and France 24 are reporting that the youngest of the three suspects in the Paris shooting has turned himself in to authorities. NBC's report that one of the suspects is dead has yet to be confirmed.
Original Story:
An anti-terror raid thought to be connected to the attack on the French weekly Charlie Hebdo was carried out late Wednesday in Reims, in northeastern France. The French news agency Agence France-Press reported the situation on Twitter, citing police sources.
The raid was reportedly carried out by France's elite anti-terrorist unit. AFP quoted one of the officials as vowing, “There will be a showdown.”
According to anonymous senior U.S. officials cited by NBC News, one suspect in the shooting was killed and two others are in custody.
Earlier Wednesday, French officials identified brothers Said Kouachi, Cherif Kouachi and Hamyd Mourad as suspects in the terrorist attack that left 12 people dead and another 11 wounded. Wearing black masks and armed with AK-47s, the men reportedly shouted “Allahu Akbar” (“God is great”) as they fired on staffers of the satirical magazine, known for publishing cartoons mocking the Prophet Muhammad.
This story is still developing. Check back here for updates.
It appears that Finance Minister Bill Morneau's inaugural budget may have failed – rather spectacularly – to live up to the squeaky-clean open-book principles that Prime Minister Justin Trudeau has pledged to uphold.
That, at least, is the verdict of parliamentary budget watchdog Jean-Denis Frechette, whose office issued a mild to middling-ly scathing review of how the government presented its fiscal plan.
According to Frechette, the changes made to the presentation of the budget under Team Trudeau go far beyond mere layout tweaks.
From fiddling with the dates to dumbing down the tables to releasing “key fiscal information” outside the traditional fiscal cycle, the new format “[has] made it more difficult for parliamentarians to scrutinize public finances.”
From the executive summary of Frechette's report, which you can read in its entirety here:
The Government did not provide detailed tables that identify the impact of changes to its adjustment to the private sector forecast and the effect of policy measures.
Budget 2016 shortened the time horizon of cost estimates from 5 years to 2 years.
Key fiscal information is being released outside of the budget and Fall Update with no reconciliation between the main documents.
But fear not, MPs and senators. You should still be able to hold Morneau and his colleagues to account over the fine print of their fiscal forecasts.
The intrepid data-detanglers at the PBO have put together updated – or, as the report puts it, “completed” – tables that “maintain consistency with past presentation practices,” which include more extensive projections on potential economic impact, as well as the original, unadjusted predictions from private sector economists.
Even so, MPs shouldn't let the government off the hook for the initial document dump – and that means not just those seated on the opposition side of the House, but all those Liberals filling the backbenches too, particularly (if not exclusively) those who were members of the preceding parliament.
They are, after all, MPs first and foremost.
Even if they happen to sit in the governing party caucus, they have a sworn duty – not just to their constituents, but to the Commons itself – to keep a close eye on just how the billions of budgeted dollars are being divvied up.
That means being fully armed with the necessary information to pose pointed questions to the ministers in charge of overseeing that process – in the House or Senate, at committee or, for those aforementioned Liberal backbenchers, possibly during the weekly closed-door caucus sessions.
While it's heartening to see that Frechette and his team take that responsibility seriously, it would be more reassuring to hear the Liberals apologize for keeping parliamentarians in the dark, even inadvertently, and pledge to eschew the dimmer switch in future.
And if Trudeau really wants to prove that he's still committed to giving parliamentarians informative and impartial fiscal analysis, he might want to move his campaign promise to make the Parliamentary Budget Officer a full-fledged Officer of Parliament to the top of his to-do list.
First Lady Michelle Obama has been the victim of sexism, she said Wednesday, because men used to whistle at her while she walked down the street.
“As I got older, I found that men would whistle at me or make comments about how I looked as I walked down the street as if my body were their property, as if I were an object to be commented on instead of a full human being with thoughts and feelings of my own,” Obama said during a speech at the “Let Girls Learn” initiative in Argentina.
Obama, who launched “Let Girls Learn” last year, traveled to Argentina with President Obama and their daughters after visiting Cuba earlier this week.
Obama said that as a girl, she was bombarded by messages that taught her that “my voice was somehow less important; that how my body looked was more important than how my mind worked; that being strong and powerful and outspoken just wasn't appropriate or attractive for a girl.”
She also recalled “teachers who didn't think that I was smart enough, and would call on the boys in class instead of the girls, even though the girls had better grades.”
This is not the first time that Obama has complained about how people in public have treated her. In 2014 she caused a stir when she said during an interview with People magazine that even as first lady she felt that she had been the victim of racial profiling when, during a shopping trip to Target, a fellow customer asked her to retrieve something off of a shelf in the store.
“During that wonderfully publicized trip I took to Target, not highly disguised, the only person who came up to me in the store was a woman who asked me to help her take something off a shelf,” Obama said. “Because she didn't see me as the first lady, she saw me as someone who could help her. Those kinds of things happen in life. So it isn't anything new.” (RELATED: Michelle Obama: America Is So Racist A White Lady At Target Asked Me To Reach The Top Shelf)
But several years prior to that interview, Obama told David Letterman that the Target shopper had asked for help because she was short and Obama was tall.
“I felt so good,” Obama said then.
WATCH:
Follow Chuck on Twitter
All Politics Blog From Milwaukee, Madison and beyond, a daily dose of political news and glimpses behind the scenes SHARE
By
Madison -- In spite of Tuesday's record turnout, the wait to vote at UW-Madison polling locations remained manageable, officials there said.
University officials stressed that delays for the campus locations didn't hit the one and two hour waits seen at UW-Green Bay and Marquette University at some points Tuesday.
“The city clerk's office tells us the max wait time was about 15 minutes,” spokeswoman Meredith McGlone said.
The city of Madison clerk was unavailable to comment on Tuesday and again on Wednesday morning.
In general, voting went smoothly in Milwaukee and statewide as turnout hit levels not seen in a spring election since 1972.
But some students around the state had long waits. Those who procrastinated on registering to vote faced their usual challenges in doing so at the polls, state and Milwaukee elections officials have said. In some cases meeting the state's new requirement that voters show a valid photo ID also played a more limited role.
At UW-Madison, a printer at Gordon Dining Hall was down for four hours on Monday, which inconvenienced 25 students who wanted to obtain voter IDs before election day. They were sent to another location distributing the IDs.
The UW-Madison registrar's office created a direct link that students could access at polling places to show election workers proof of address via enrollment records.
Students using the UW-Madison-issued student IDs also had to show the registrar verification of enrollment or some other proof of address to vote.
In season 12 of Grey's Anatomy, Dr. Stephanie Edwards has emerged as one of Grey-Sloane Memorial's most confident, competent residents, unafraid to stand up for herself and tackle daunting brain surgeries alongside Dr. Amelia Shepherd. But like so many of the show's dozen-plus characters, Stephanie isn't front-and-center in every episode. How does Jerrika Hinton, the actress who plays her, handle that floating in and out of big story lines? Cosmopolitan.com spoke to Hinton about what that's like as an actress, the shocking turn in Stephanie's future, and the Shonda Rhimes pilot she's about to start filming.
It feels like this is the season that everyone who was watching the show on Netflix got current.
They got current, and they have decided on their ships, and they are about it.
On a show where there is so much change, in terms of both story and cast evolution, what's the thing that makes Grey's feel like Grey's, even amidst all that change?
Messy humanity, maybe. That's key to Shondaland in general. Nobody is perfect, and they're all desperately trying to be the best version of themselves. There's a plot point that happens close to the end of the season, where Stephanie makes a decision that I, as an actor, as a human being [would not make]. I got on the phone with the writers a lot, and I was like, "You're really having her do this?" I'm very open to her doing things that I don't agree with, because the more ways we find to really make these characters, the better this whole thing is. But this decision … wow. I won't keep talking about it, because I think it might be coming too close to spoiler-y. But even in that decision, I see within it her attempting to be the best her that she knows how to be in that moment. That's what makes the show sing and gives it its loyal viewership.
Stephanie, like every character, has some featured episodes and some episodes where she's in the background. Is that something you know in advance — that one episode will be big and then another will be smaller — or do you not find out until you get the scripts?
For the most part, we find out when we get the scripts. If you're going to be directing an episode, then they usually give you a heads-up, but that's mainly Chandra [Wilson] and Kevin [McKidd]. When we have conversations with writers while they're working on breaking future scripts, they'll sometimes tip us off if we have a good storyline coming up. But a good storyline doesn't necessarily equate to being the main storyline. It just means that you've got a bit more to do than coming into a room and telling a patient they've got cancer or something terrible like that.
Is it hard to stay connected with your character when you're going back and forth between those more featured and less featured episodes?
I would be lying if I said it's a breeze. But that's a part of the job, and that's also how you separate the professionals from those that aren't as professional. It's the writers' job, but mainly it's our job, to find that consistency and to maintain the integrity of the person that we're playing. It's definitely a challenge, but it's a worthwhile one. We have umpteen series regulars, and on a logistical end, that's great for people with families and things like that. The workload is spread out, so they get to have a bit of a life. And then on a creative end, the "downside" of that is exactly what we're talking about. You don't get to play the star the whole time. But I think that's OK, because that would be exhausting! I don't know how Viola Davis does it. I do not know how she does it.
I think that's why How I Get Away with Murder has shorter seasons.
That must be, because good god.
So when you're doing that work to stay connected with Stephanie, what's at the core of her?
I mean, they're all hardworking and they're all ambitious. But she specifically has this really strong desire to be seen for who she is. That really bubbled up in that episode where we learned about her history of sickle-cell anemia. And even in the aftermath of that, when Jo started in on that speech kind of conflating their lives, Stephanie's immediate reaction was, "I am not that, I am not to be defined by that. I am so many things, and I am so much more than that experience." And I think that's one of the things that brings her and Amelia [Shepherd] together too, because Amelia had the shadow of her brother looming over her, and she wants to be seen and break free of that.
Speaking of Amelia, in last week's episode I got a little worried, because Amelia started talking about how Penny is a natural neurosurgeon and she needs to start teaching her — which I read as a bad sign for Stephanie. Am I interpreting that correctly?
You're not interpreting that … incorrectly. It is appropriate to be concerned for Stephanie, the original neuro god. But the neuro god will rise! Sure, Penny might have a natural affinity for that, but Stephanie is Stephanie, and she and Amelia have trail-blazed quite a lot of ground. That doesn't just get pushed to the side. But everyone should get to experience the magical reality of neuro.
I'm glad to hear that Stephanie's not getting elbowed out of neuro, though, because her friendship with Amelia is so essential. I'd be sad if something irreparable happened to it.
Oh, I would be sad too, just because I love working with Cat [Scorsone, who plays Amelia]. There are a few times coming up where we got the episode, and as we were filming, we were like, "Oh my god, this feels like a breakup. Are we breaking up?" Our relationship feels that intimate now.
And you're also filming a Shondaland pilot! [The show Toast, about a couple's road to marriage as seen through the eyes of their family and friends.]
I am! We're about to. I just spent the morning hanging out with my new co-star. He's new to [Los Angeles], and so I took him up to the Observatory and we hung out. And coincidentally, Bernie Sanders happened to be there at the same time, and so my co-star got to have this really strange L.A. experience of being at this landmark, and then look, there are all these people swarming this person who is, essentially, a celebrity, because that's how politics work in America, and also this person is being trailed by people with guns, because that's also how politics work in America. Welcome to California. Anyway, we shoot in a couple of weeks, and it's a completely different vibe from Grey's, because it's a half-hour, multi-cam sitcom.
The cast at the 2016 People's Choice Awards, where they won Favorite Network TV Drama. Getty
How did you come to be involved?
Shonda called me up one day, a few weeks ago, and she said that she was reading that script — [Scandal's] Scott Foley wrote it, he wrote it with Greg Grunberg — and said, "I'm reading Scott's script, and I don't know if you'd be interested in doing a comedy, but every time I read this role I think of you. If you're interested in auditioning for it…" And I said that I was flattered that she was thinking of me — like, that's amazing, thank you so much — and I said of course I'd be interested in auditioning for a comedy. Some people were saying, "Why don't they just offer it to you?" Well, because it might not be mine. Just because I live in Shondaland doesn't mean I automatically get gifted these things. And expecting that sounds like a horrible way to approach this business. I'm flattered that she thought of me. That makes me feel seen. The fact that the call even happened feels like a win. So now it's just trying to stay calm and not get nervous, even though I'm attached to the possibility. It's a ridiculous life right now … it feels like living the lottery, because four years of Shondaland and now maybe this new show came from doing one scene on Scandal. I could not have concocted a story like that.
Follow Lauren on Twitter.
Have a heap of homegrown habaneros? Perplexed about what to do with these powerful peppers? Tired of just eating them whole until you pass out?
Here's how to make some spicy-as-heck, so-good-you-slap-yo-mama homemade habanero garlic hot sauce.
WARNING! Make sure you wash your hands with soap afterwards, and wash anything that touches the habaneros. Otherwise you'll get some surprise burns later on, in some surprising places.
Feel free to reuse a container to bottle this potent potable.
Garlic Habanero Ingredients
Roastin' Ingredients:
1 onion
2 medium tomatoes
2 tbsp. olive oil
5 garlic cloves
1 carrot
Other Ingredients:
3/4 cup apple cider vinegar
1 tsp. salt
1/4 cup chopped cilantro
8 habaneros
1 tbsp. turmeric
1 tbsp. sugar
EcoJoes-brand blessing, available via email for only $5!
How to Make Homemade Garlic Habanero Hot Sauce
1. Use your trusty knife and slice the carrot, onion, and tomatoes into big ol' chunks.
2. Put them and the garlic cloves in a pan, drizzle them with the olive oil, and roast these puppies at 425 degrees (Fahrenheit, or Celsius if that's your style) for about 15 minutes.
Take this time to get all those vegetable scraps and chuck 'em in the compost, or to reflect on your day.
3. Plop the roasted vegetables into a blender or food processor along with all the other ingredients. Blend 'til you can't blend no mo'… and then blend a little bit more.
Bam! That's it. Thus completes the habanero life cycle, from plant to sauce:
This is pretty dang spicy, and has endless uses! Slather it on steak, chuck it on chicken, use it as a decongestant, etc., etc.
Let me know any variations on how you make this recipe!
Hillary Clinton Hillary Diane Rodham ClintonSanders: 'I fully expect' fair treatment by DNC in 2020 after 'not quite even handed' 2016 primary Sanders: 'Damn right' I'll make the large corporations pay 'fair share of taxes' Former Sanders campaign spokesman: Clinton staff are 'biggest a--holes in American politics' MORE and Sen. Bernie Sanders Bernard (Bernie) SandersPush to end U.S. support for Saudi war hits Senate setback Sanders: 'I fully expect' fair treatment by DNC in 2020 after 'not quite even handed' 2016 primary Sanders: 'Damn right' I'll make the large corporations pay 'fair share of taxes' MORE (I-Vt.) are statistically deadlocked in New Hampshire's Democratic presidential primary, a new poll says.
Clinton leads Sanders by two points in the Granite State, according to the Boston Globe/Suffolk University survey. Released on Friday.
Clinton has 37 percent support following a strong performance in last Tuesday's inaugural Democratic presidential debate.
ADVERTISEMENT
Sanders, meanwhile, receives 35 percent support but their difference is within the poll's margin of error.
The survey of 500 likely New Hampshire Democratic primary voters from Wednesday to Thursday has a 4.4 percent margin of error.
The poll also found respondents view Clinton as the clear winner of the Democratic debate in Las Vegas on Tuesday.
Fifty-four percent pick Clinton as the winner versus 24 percent who picked Sanders.
Clinton's use of a private email server during her tenure as secretary of State is also unlikely to hurt her campaign in New Hampshire based on Friday's results. Approximately 62 percent there are untroubled by the issue, with 36 percent concerned by the controversy.
The Boston Globe reported Friday that 38 percent took issue with Clinton's email during its last poll in June.
Clinton has faced lingering worries that her server compromised national security or exposed sensitive national intelligence.
Sanders defended Clinton during the debate, declaring that Americans are “sick” of hearing about her “damn emails.”
Clinton led Sanders 41 percent to his 31 percent in the last Boston Globe/Suffolk University poll in June.
But other polls show the self-described democratic socialist leading Clinton overall in New Hampshire.
Sanders bests Clinton with 36.7 percent support to her 31.7 percent in the Granite State, per the latest RealClearPolitics average of polls.
Clinton commands a 20-pont lead over Sanders nationwide though according to numerous cross-country surveys.
Team rosters for The Asia issued
Four months ago, the tournament known as The Asia was announced. Now, with just four days away from the $30,000 tournament, every team gathers their gear as they prepare to contest some very fierce teams in Asia.
The Asia's Team Rosters
Roster Rosters
LGD Xiao8
Yao
Sc
Sylar
ddc
Zenith xy-
xFreedom
LuX-
K-I-N-G
iceiceice
Revival Wan
xiiaovnz
AcelQ
Mich
K71 Inv-N9
r1sk
Shatan
Godot
WinteR
FzFz
MUFC
Sharky
Net
Ohaiyo
Ling
HyHy
Orange
XtincT
YamateH
ice
ky.xy
ww_
JoeNet
DummyNation
Fate-
DonJuan
993
daubeliuteef
Elunes
Ben^Dover
Mr.Crowley
WaBisuk3
[email protected]
PulseOfHeLL
Tnc.Pag-Ibig
Cast
JessieVash
ninjaboogie
Foxx
Ryo
1ST.VN
HCMA.Betac
HCMA.Misa
HCMA.JangNaraldol
HCMA.Boss
HCMA.Ares
MITH-Trust
TnK
LK
aabBAA
r5r5
sD
LGD, MUFC, Natural 9, Orange eSports, Zenith, MITH. All very familiar team names in the Dota 2 scene. Nonetheless, the underdog teams such as Revival from Brunei, JoeNet from Indonesia, TNC-PagiBig from the Philippines, Elunes from India, as well as 1ST.Vn from Vietnam will make their presence known at the Kuala Lumpur Convention Center this coming week.The team roster has already been announced, and here are those representing their respective teams:
Some of the rosters in the respective teams as already mentioned are extremely surprising. Don't miss this gigantic clash on the 22nd of December. The streams for this tournament has yet to be announced, but as soon as updates are given, it will be updated on GosuGamers. You can get the latest coverage for The Asia at GosuGamers coverage site listed in the source below. Stay tuned and prepare your snacks early!
Source: Rapture Gaming, The Asia's Coverage from GosuGamers
You may have heard a lot recently about electric vehicles (EVs). Sales of EVs are up, manufacturers are beginning to offer a variety of EV models – from sportscars to sedans – and our recent analysis found that 42 percent of American households with a vehicle could use an EV.
So, why are car buyers getting more enthused about EVs? Since I'm not an EV owner myself (I continue to rely on my 25 year old Panasonic “collectors” bicycle – and by “collectors” I mean rusting hunk of Japanese steel), I asked UCS members who drive EVs what they like about driving on electricity. Read on to hear their stories and find out the top 7 reasons to consider an EV.
#1 Cheaper to Fuel
Like saving money? Of course you do. EVs are dramatically cheaper to fuel than their gasoline counterparts. UCS analysis has shown that driving 100 miles on electricity costs an average of $3.45 compared to driving the same distance on gasoline, which would set you back $13.52. Over the average lifetime of a vehicle, these fuel savings swell to nearly $13,000 for EV owners.
“I have owned a Nissan Leaf for 2 years. The electricity cost is about 2 cents a mile. Solar panels on the rear roof supply the power for the headlights, dash lights, radio, CD player, and computer electronics.” Luke – Jackson, MS
#2 Less Volatile Fuel Prices
The average national price of electricity has remained fairly static over the last decade, whereas the global oil market has caused the average price of gasoline to rise, drop, spike, dip, and rise again over the same time period. Driving on electricity can help safeguard you from future spikes in the average price of gasoline and help families plan for how much money will be spent on fuel in the future. Note that the graph below is pulled from our Half the Oil Benefits report, which can be accessed here.
#3 Less Maintenance
Despite being an advanced technology, EVs are remarkably simple to maintain. EV engines have fewer moving parts compared to their conventional vehicle counterparts, and you can forget about oil changes in battery electric vehicles. Brake pads will also require periodic maintenance, but not nearly as often as conventional vehicles since EVs use brakes fewer thanks to regenerative braking. Though quantifying maintenance costs is difficult since newer EVs have not been on the roads as long as conventional vehicles, this particular study found that EV maintenance can cost 35 percent less than a conventional vehicle.
“We live in Northern Idaho and have put on over 7,000 miles on our Nissan LEAF in the first year, driving it without any problems year round, even through the snow. We love our LEAF and have not had any service problems with it.” Nikki and Benjamin – Coeur d' Alene, ID
#4 Driving Performance
EVs are straight up zippy. An electric engine generates instant torque (or turning force) whereas an internal combustion motor has a curve of torque that increases in tandem with engine revolutions per minute (rpm).
This means that EVs get off the line quicker than my Uncle Chuck's ‘96 Chevy Camaro. Check out the world's fastest accelerating street legal EV zap the doors off muscle cars and imports in this video below.
#5 Fewer Emissions
When running on electricity, EVs produce zero tailpipe emissions. Of course, there are emissions associated with the electricity that is used to charge an EV, and these “upstream” emissions are an important part of the equation when comparing the overall emissions, or “well-to-wheels,” calculation of EVs. UCS analysis has found that no matter where you plug an EV in, even if it's in a region dominated by relatively dirty power – like coal – the emissions produced by an EV are less than the emissions of an average compact conventional vehicle. And, as America's electricity grids become cleaner and fueled by more renewable energy – like solar and wind power – charging EVs will become even cleaner.
“My husband and I recently leased a Nissan LEAF and think it's GREAT! Our friends are amazed the first time they ride in it and are of course impressed that no gasoline or oil is required (not to mention no emission inspection). The world needs to know that electric car technology is NOW – not somewhere off in the future.” Pat – Pittsburgh, PA
#6 EVs are getting cheaper
Though the cost of many EVs is still at a relative premium, the price of new EVs has begun to come down. The Nissan LEAF experienced a large price cut in 2013, going from $35,200 to $28,800 before shipping and tax credits, and Chevrolet just announced that the 2014 Volt will get a $5,000 price cut compared to previous models. Moreover, car shoppers can still take advantage of the $7,500 federal EV tax credit and even more state-level tax credits or rebates. Illinois residents, for example, can receive up to an additional $4,000 off a qualifying EV, and Massachusetts Governor Deval Patrick just announced a new EV rebate program of up to $2,500 per vehicle.
“I purchased a Chevy Volt in 2011 and have only fueled up with gasoline twice! Driving on electricity has been trouble free and I haven't even noticed any significant changes in my electricity bill.” Mark – Atlanta, GA
#7 Less oil use
We all know the problems our oil uses causes, and that is why EVs are an essential part of our plan to cut the nation's oil use in half in twenty years. EVs can save us nearly 1.5 million barrels of oil per day in 2035, and are going to continue rolling out as more drivers become comfortable with driving on electricity. Check out more about electric vehicles on our website, and find out how you can become part of a Half the Oil future.
Posted in: Vehicles Tags: benefits, consider, electric vehicles, electricity, EVs, Half the Oil, oil use, top, top reasons
Support from UCS members make work like this possible. Will you join us? Help UCS advance independent science for a healthy environment and a safer world.
It appears Facebook is contemplating extending its obnoxious color-background text-only posts to comments – so you might want to start getting mentally prepared for a visual cacophony in the comments section.
A small fraction of users has reported being able to use the feature when commenting, though it appears it is strictly limited to mobile for the time being.
Here is what this looks like:
NEW: Facebook is testing coloured comments… This is going to look a mess! h/t @absoluut pic.twitter.com/boqKTeG0JN — Matt Navarra ⭐️ (@MattNavarra) September 6, 2017
This is what Facebook's NEW coloured comments look like 🤢🌈 h/t @absoluut pic.twitter.com/NNng6saMoS — Matt Navarra ⭐️ (@MattNavarra) September 6, 2017
Much like with colored posts, the feature lets you post comments on colorful backgrounds and gradients; sort of like Myspace did around the early 2000s.
The social media giant initially put out the color-background post feature back in December last year. While the functionality was originally available solely to Android users, it eventually made its way to the iOS and web version of the app too.
Assuming the feature works the same way it used to last time around, colored comments should be visible to anybody using Facebook – even users outside of the control group.
It remains unclear whether and when the functionality will roll out to the official app, but we've pinged Facebook for more details and will update this piece accordingly once we hear back.
In any case:
[H/T Evert Groot]
Update: After this article was published, Facebook got back to us.“We're always exploring new ways for people to connect and have conversations, so we are testing new features on comments,” said a spokesperson.
Read next: 4 proven strategies to quickly conquer new markets
People spend an awful lot of time these days wondering (and worrying) about autonomous automobiles, and for good reason: As the pace of technological progress picks up, it's becoming more and more likely that we'll soon be sharing the roads with robot-driven cars. But this summer it's not robots driving cars that should interest you. It's cars driving robots. Specifically, a hitchhiking robot making a trek across the United States, thanks to any drivers-by who feel like taking a chance on a semi-anthropomorphic bot sticking his thumb out on the side of the road.
HitchBOT stands about three feet tall, and looks something like a high-tech trash can with wobbly arms and legs that, upon closer inspection, turn out to be swimming pool noodles. He's the brainchild of Canadian researchers who have equipped the rambling robot with a GPS tracker, camera, and a list of desired destinations like New York's Times Square, and The Grand Canyon. Last week, HitchBOT set out on his cross-country journey, setting forth from Salem, Massachusetts' Peabody Essex Museum toward his intended destination of San Francisco's Exploratorium. Along the way, hitchBOT will be wholly at the mercy of two x-factors: The weather, and human beings.
While any weather the plucky robot may face is entirely out of our control, hitchBOT's “family” of programmers and builders is intensely curious about the second of those two x-factors–people. Speaking with The Salem News, Frauke Zeller, a professor at Ontario's Ryerson University and hitchBOT co-creator, explains: “It's a very important question, to say, do we trust robots? In science, we sometimes flip around questions and hope to gain new insight. That's when we started to ask, ‘can robots trust humans?'
That question—can we be trusted with something as singular and intriguing as a hitchhiking robot, alone in the world—is at the heart of hitchBOT's journey. It's an interesting reversal on the well-worn trope of dystopian future in which humans are at the whim of robotic overlords, whether malevolently self-aware, or simply malfunctioning without regard for human life. “In this case,” says hitchBOT co-creator and McMaster University Professor David Harris Smith, “we've designed something that actually needs human empathy to accomplish its goals.” As it happens, though, hitchBOT is no amateur when it comes to completing cross-country trips. The robot has already made similar treks across both Germany, and its home country of Canada, both times completing his journey safe and sound, thanks to the help of friendly folks along the way.
The bot is designed to be as good a road trip companion as could reasonably be expected from a three foot tall automaton; it is programmed to snap a photo of his surroundings every twenty minutes which, if given permission from the human driver at the time, is then uploaded to hitchBOT's various social media properties. According to The Washington Post, hitchBOT is also programmed to sing, ask trivia questions, and make simple, pre-programmed conversation with whomever is driving it around at the time. Other than that, all hitchBOT needs is a good battery charge (in addition to wall outlets, he can be plugged into a car's cigarette lighter) and the kindness of strangers, and he's good to go. And go he has. In the days since hitchBOT was released on July 17th, he's already been all over the towns north of Boston, and even took a brief excursion out to sea:
Have no fear! I didn't swim or short circuit, I just hitched a boat ride out of Gloucester yesterday. #hitchBOTinUSA pic.twitter.com/9fc55oH83l — hitchBOT (@hitchBOT) July 19, 2015
There's no definitive timeline for hitchBOT's full road trip. When he makes it to his final destination—if at all—is entirely in the hands of whomever happens to find the little robot next. In the meantime, though, anyone can follow hitchBOT's adventures on Twitter, as well as mapped on his website.
So, while the odds are slim that you'll actually encounter hitchBOT out there on the roads, keep an eye out for the little guy anyway. And if you do see him sitting on the side of the road, pull over and pick him up. You won't only be part of a nifty art project and sociological experiment, but you'll also be helping make the case that, yes, when it comes to adorable traveling robots, humans can be trusted, after all.
[via washington post]
White supremacists groups are in #Charlottesville right now assaulting people, and yelling "ni**er". But this is about "free speech",right? pic.twitter.com/KAUOmSzyJC — Tariq Nasheed (@tariqnasheed) August 12, 2017
Hundreds of white supremacists, self-described Nazis and other associated members of the popular political trend known euphemistically as the “alt-right” stormed the campus of the University of Virginia in Charlottesville (UVA) last night.
The collection of white faces, mostly male, marched toward the university's centrally-located statue of Thomas Jefferson, UVA's founder, with tiki torches in hand as they assaulted and shouted at students and journalists.
Chants of “One people, one nation, end immigration!”, “White lives matter!”, and “Blood and Soil!” were consistent refrains. While the first two slogans could arguably be tied to present-day reactionary politics, the term “Blood and Soil” is well-known for its official adoption by the German Nazi Party. Coined during the late 19th century, the racist concept prizes cultural homogeneity, eugenics and ruralism as a panacea for social ills. It was later popularized by the Nazis and used largely for propaganda purposes, especially in developing the Lebensraum ideal.
In the video above, at least one of the neo-Nazi marchers can be heard verbally accosting students on her periphery. She hectors on repeat: “You sound like a nigger! You sound like a nigger! You sound like a nigger!”
Armed with such phrasing and torches, the parallels to Ku Klux Klan and Nuremberg rallies–comparative descriptions which have circulated voluminously in the aftermath of last night's events–were likely intentional.
Wearing polo shirts, button-down ginghams and variegated khakis, the neo-Nazis, white supremacists and alt-rightists would look right at home in most churches, schools, police stations and office buildings across suburban Virginia, but for the tell-tale appearance of the occasional swastika pin, “Sieg Heil!” salute and torch-beating meted out to the students who stood up to them.
And a few students did exactly that.
Responding to the onslaught of white supremacy, a small group of students apparently aged 17-23 held up a banner reading “VA Students Act Against White Supremacy”. As the fascists closed in around them near the Jefferson statue, the students chanted their own slogans, a bit more redolent of liberty than those before: “No Nazis, no KKK, no fascist USA!”
Then the violence began. In the video below, neo-Nazis can be seen assaulting students and journalists.
The Nazis in #Charlottesville were literally beating people w/ torches, yet no police in riot gear. Hmm, wonder why. pic.twitter.com/wxuGGBEuML — Josh Sánchez (@jnsanchez) August 12, 2017
In another video, activist Emily Gorcenski traces most of what occurred in Charlottesville last night in real time. Near the end, a group of neo-Nazis screams at her, making transphobic slurs before she is attacked.
The police, for their part, looked on while the violence was directed towards the counter-protestors–only intervening long after UVA students were attacked with the torches, lighter fluid and mace, according to Gorcenski.
One person was eventually arrested. UVA President Teresa A. Sullivan released a statement this morning condemning the rally.
[image courtesy Sophia Armen; first two videos courtesy Tariq Nasheed/Twitter; second video courtesy Emily Gorcenski]
Follow Colin Kalmbacher on Twitter: @colinkalmbacher
Maya Rockeymoore, the wife of U.S. Rep. Elijah Cummings, says she is "strongly considering" running for governor of Maryland during an interview in Oxon Hill, Md., on Tuesday, July 18, 2017. Rockeymoore, a Democrat, told The Associated Press Tuesday that the health care debate in Washington has shown that Republicans in the nation's capital are not considering the needs of women, children and minorities. (AP Photo/Brian Witte) The Associated Press
By BRIAN WITTE, Associated Press
OXON HILL, Md. (AP) — Maya Rockeymoore Cummings, the wife of U.S. Rep. Elijah Cummings, said Tuesday she is "strongly considering" running for governor of Maryland.
Rockeymoore Cummings, a Democrat, told The Associated Press in an interview Tuesday that the health care debate in Washington has shown that Republicans in the nation's capital are not considering the needs of women, children and minorities.
"Gutting Medicaid is simply an unacceptable proposition, and it has a disproportionately negative effect on women and children," Rockeymoore Cummings said.
She said she believes more decisions about important issues like health care will fall to state leaders, where governors will have a lot of says in who gets needed services. She also said she doesn't have confidence that Republican Gov. Larry Hogan "can make the right decisions on behalf of Maryland's families, and particularly women and their families."
"We are paying attention to the details of policy perhaps more closely and heavily now than in a long time, and we're afraid," Rockeymoore Cummings said in an interview. "We're afraid of this leadership. We think that it's failed leadership, and we deserve better. I'm referring to (President Donald) Trump, Hogan, the GOP in Congress. I'm putting them all together."
Hogan joined a bipartisan group of 11 governors who say Senate Republicans should abandon the effort to repeal former President Barack Obama's health care law and replace it later. Still, Maryland Democrats have criticized the governor for not taking a stronger stand much earlier in the debate.
Rockeymoore Cummings said she may announce a decision "within the next few weeks." She spoke to the AP during a break at the Women's Wealth & Health Equity Summit, an initiative of the Center for Global Policy Solutions, a Washington, D.C.-based policy firm that she leads.
The field for Maryland's Democratic nomination is growing into a crowded one with nearly a year to go until the June 26 primary.
State Sen. Richard Madaleno, of Montgomery County, Prince George's County Executive Rushern Baker and former NAACP President Ben Jealous are running. Entrepreneur Alec Ross and lawyer Jim Shea also are running. Baltimore County Executive Kevin Kamenetz and U.S. Rep. John Delaney also are weighing a run. Delaney has said he plans to announce a decision by the end of the month.
Rockeymoore Cummings would be the first candidate to enter the race from Baltimore, the state's largest city. Her husband's congressional district includes a large portion of the city.
Only one person has filed a net neutrality complaint so far. His name is Alex Nguyen and he is a recent college graduate living in California, The target? Verizon Wireless, because of more than a dozen actions the carrier has taken since 2012 that Alex feels violates open internet protections.
FCC Filing
For most of 2015, Mr. Nguyen has been examining years of Verizon's public statements and actions, and crafting over 300 citations into a 112-page document. He finished last year, and paid the FCC a US$225 filing fee to submit his paper. Alex isn't a lawyer and has no legal training; rather, he studied computer science.
But that hasn't stopped him from trying to take Verizon to task for allegedly violating internet openness rules in six different ways, which include discriminatory pricing, limiting customer choice, and downright lying about its network capabilities.
And Verizon isn't standing still. At one point, the carrier objected to Mr. Nguyen's definition of “Verizion” and offered its own definition. Alex then objected to Verizon's objection, saying that the carrier simply copied his definition.
Beyond Net Neutrality
Under Ajit Pai, the new FCC isn't favorable to net neutrality, which is sees as a hindrance to competition among telecommunications providers. The problem with that position for anyone paying any attention is that it is, in fact, the opposite. If net neutrality rules are completely repealed though, Mr. Nguyen has a trick up his sleeve. It involves what is called the C Block rules.
Verizon had to accept these rules in order to license part of the wireless spectrum. Under these rules, licensees of C Block spectrum have to let customers freely use devices and apps they choose themselves. Back in 2012, Verizon even had to pay the FCC US$1.25 million to settle an investigation the agency had done regarding Verizon's compliance with these rules.
Right now, the FCC is months past its deadline to rule on Mr. Nguyen's complaint. This is most certainly because the 2015 Open Internet Order will probably be scrapped in the next several months, and if it does, this will completely change the facts surrounding this case. Although Alex said he isn't worried about his complaint being delayed for political reasons, he still hopes that it will show “that these things actually do violate the open internet rules.”
Former U.S. National Security Agency contractor, Edward Snowden, has censured WikiLeaks' release of information without proper curation.
On Thursday, Snowden, who has embarrassed the U.S. government with revelations of widespread NSA surveillance, said that WikiLeaks was mistaken in not at least modestly curating the information it releases. “Democratizing information has never been more vital, and @Wikileaks has helped. But their hostility to even modest curation is a mistake,” Snowden said in a tweet.
WikiLeaks shot back at Snowden that “opportunism won't earn you a pardon from Clinton & curation is not censorship of ruling party cash flows.”
The whistleblowing site appeared to defend itself earlier on Thursday while referring to its “accuracy policy.” In a Twitter message it said that it does “not tamper with the evidentiary value of important historical archives.”
Hillary Clinton accepted on Thursday her nomination as the candidate of the Democratic Party for president of the U.S. Snowden was granted asylum by Russia so that he could avoid prosecution in the U.S. for his revelations of confidential government information.
WikiLeaks recently released emails stolen from the Democratic National Committee, which suggested that committee officials had favored Clinton over rival Senator Bernie Sanders. There is speculation that the DNC was hacked by Russians aiming to influence the elections. WikiLeaks has refused to disclose its source.
On Thursday, Director of National Intelligence, James Clapper, said his agency was not quite ready yet to make a public call on the attribution of the hack.
WikiLeaks' release of the emails, which contained sometimes information such as email ids, phone numbers and passport numbers of DNC donors has been criticized.
WikiLeaks was also criticized after its release of emails said to belong to Turkey's ruling party, the AKP or Justice and Development Party. WikiLeaks also posted links on social media to databases that were said to contain sensitive and private information of millions of ordinary people, including a special database of almost all adult women in Turkey. It later turned out WikiLeaks had linked to a database uploaded by another person, which was disabled after the controversy.
You'd have to be mad not to support the Unity engine these days. Even so, it's nice to hear that Microsoft has struck a new deal with the engine-maker that means any Microsoft Studios-published Xbox 360 and Xbox One games will have access to Unity for free.
It also means Unity engine tools will be developed with Xbox One in mind, and support "enhanced" Kinect gestures and recognition, multiplayer matchmaking, SmartGlass and "the unlimited power of the cloud" (Unity's choice of words).
The collaboration is also a statement of on-going-support intent for Xbox platforms as well as Windows 8 and Windows Phone 8. A Windows Store Add-on that supports Windows Store and Windows 8 apps will be released this summer free of charge to devs already licensed to Unity Pro 4.
The Unity developer community now apparently numbers nearly 2 million. Besides being low cost, flexible and powerful, the engine sparkles because developers can pump their bespoke Unity creations back into the ecosystem for other developers to use, either for free or for a fee. Therefore the more developers using it, the better it gets.
"We suddenly have an engine that puts everybody on a level playing field" Ragnar Tornquist
Unity is particularly pervasive on Kickstarter, for smaller, budget-restricted games that can't afford to dilly-dally in home-made engines. Unity enables projects to hit the ground running. I spoke to the leader of one such Kickstarter project last weekend.
"We suddenly have an engine that puts everybody on a level playing field," said Ragnar Tornquist, head of Dreamfall Chapters developer Red Thread Games.
"No matter how big your team is you still have an engine that's got the same feature sets - you can't pay a million dollars to get the extra features. It's cheap and it's accessible."
Vive la Unitytion.
The "opportunistic encryption" feature added to Firefox last week has been disabled to fix a critical security bug that allowed malicious websites to bypass HTTPS protections, Mozilla officials said.
The bug was introduced in Firefox 37, which was released last week and introduced a new feature that could encrypt Web connections even when servers didn't support HTTPS protocols . While opportunistic encryption lacks some of the crucial protections of the transport layer security protocol, it was still hailed by many as a watershed moment that moved the world closer to an Internet where all data receives end-to-end encryption. That in theory could make it harder for criminal and state-sponsored adversaries to monitor or manipulate the communications of end users.
Now, Mozilla developers have disabled opportunistic crypto in the just-released Firefox 37.0.1 after they discovered that the implementation released last week introduced a critical bug. The vulnerability, which resides in functionality related to opportunistic crypto, in some cases gave attackers an easy way to present fake TLS certificates that wouldn't be detected by the browser. The flaw in the HTTP alternative services implemented in version 37 could be triggered by a malicious website by embedding an "Alt-Svc" header in the responses sent to vulnerable visitors. As a result, warnings of invalid TLS certificates weren't displayed, a shortcoming that allowed attackers with a man-in-the-middle position to impersonate HTTPS-protected sites by replacing the original certificate with their own forged credential.
"There was a Firefox implementation problem with Alt-Svc," Chad Weiner, Mozilla's director of product management, wrote in a statement sent to Ars. "Opportunistic Encryption is a related, but separate, feature that depends on Alt-Svc. Opportunistic Encryption was disabled because of its use of Alt-Svc. We plan to re-enable this feature once we've had time to fully investigate the issue."
Mozilla provided a bare-bones description of the vulnerability here. In a post published Tuesday, the Sophos Naked Security blog offered a more thorough description of the bug and the risk it posed:
A security researcher worked out a way to bypass HTTPS certificate validation if a web server redirected you via the Alt-Svc header. That's very bad, and here's why. If you had a phishing site that pretended to be yourbank.example , and handled HTTP connections directly, you'd have difficulty presenting a legitimate-looking connection. You'd either have to use HTTP and hope your victims wouldn't notice the lack of a secure connection, or use HTTPS and hope they wouldn't notice the certificate warnings telling them that you probably weren't the lawful owner and operator of the yourbank.example domain. Some users would probably end up getting tricked anyway, but well-informed users ought to spot the ruse at once, and remove themselves from harm's way. But this Alt-Svc bug could be used by crooks to redirect victims to a secure connection (thus making the connection "look right") without producing a certificate warning to say that the site looked like an imposter. In other words, even a well-informed user might accept a phishing site as the real thing. The good news is that the bug was quickly found, and just as quickly fixed, with Firefox 37.0.1 coming out over the Easter weekend. Even though HTTP/2 isn't yet finalised, and very few legitimate servers actually use it in real life, it is already supported by popular web servers such as Apache and Nginx, and by Microsoft's IIS (Internet Information Servers) in Windows 10 Preview. So crooks who want to use HTTP/2, perhaps in the hope of exploiting bugs in the comparatively new code that supports it in the major browsers, are free to do so. In short, if you're a Firefox user, make sure you've got 37.0.1.
Firefox should update on its own, or readers can manually download and install the update.
(Photo: AP/Jacquelyn Martin) U.S. Chamber of Commerce President and CEO Thomas Donohue speaks at the State of American Business 2015 event in Washington.
The mood was jubilant in the headquarters of the United States Chamber of Commerce, an impressive stone building that looms across the street from the White House, as longtime president Tom Donohue made his annual “ State of American Business ” address Wednesday morning.
After eight years of a Democratic president who implemented, in the face of unprecedented levels of political opposition, a series of powerful industry regulations—from Obamacare and Dodd-Frank to the Clean Power Plan, the fiduciary rule, and a new overtime threshold—the GOP has secured full control of the federal government. And the Chamber of Commerce could not be more excited.
“We see a once-in-a-generation opportunity to enact major reforms that could transform the American economy from a low-growth to a high-growth economy,” Donohue pronounced to a room packed full of business leaders. Donohue pledged the chamber would pursue only those policies and reforms that meet its cultish adherence to “growth”—that is, expansive tax cuts and deregulation for corporations, at the expense of workers and consumers. “Growth is a choice—and not always an easy choice,” Donohue continued. “It's tempting, especially in politics, to put other priorities ahead of growth—priorities that may please the voters or satisfy the demands of one constituency or another.”
Despite initial concerns that a Trump presidency would be hostile to the chamber's mission of international trade and free markets, Donohue seems—at least outwardly—confident that the White House will be a fruitful partner.
The chamber's top priority going into the 2017 will be overturning the regulatory executive actions of Obama's presidency. The chamber, along with most Republicans, wants Trump to immediately undo Obama's orders and get to work on killing the overtime rule (which doubled the salary threshold), the Clean Power Plan, and Net Neutrality. The chamber also pledged to continue challenging those regulations in the courts.
“There is no justification for the regulatory overkill we have seen over the last eight years,” Donohue said. “An unelected fourth branch of government—the regulatory branch—is holding our small-business sector back while imposing unnecessary costs on larger companies, too.” (Actually, the officials of the “unelected regulatory branch” are appointed by the elected president and confirmed by the elected Congress. If Donohue believes that doesn't make them a legitimate part of the government, the chamber should oppose all of Trump's appointees.)
Donohue particularly singled out Obamacare and Dodd-Frank for repeal. Regardless of how it gets replaced, the group wants Obamacare's employer mandate abolished, and with it the health insurance tax, the medical device tax, and the Cadillac tax.
The chamber also wants to roll back Obama's financial regulations stemming from the passage of Dodd-Frank, including rules that limit banks from engaging in certain types of risky speculative investments and that require banks to adhere to stronger capital requirements. Additionally, it wants Congress to undercut the independent power of the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau.
A sweeping attack on financial, labor, health, consumer, and environmental regulations is just the beginning. The chamber also wants a complete neutering of the federal regulatory agencies, through new legislation that would further bog down the rulemaking process with dozens of delaying requirements, and would give Congress near-complete veto power over the executive branch's regulatory authority.
Of course, a true trickle-down agenda wouldn't be complete without tax cuts. “A real chance at major tax reform only comes around once in a generation, if you're lucky,” Donohue said. “We might get lucky this year and next.”
“Tax reform,” of course, is Chamber-speak for tax cuts for corporations and the wealthy. As a sacrifice at the altar of “growth,” the chamber wants corporate and individual tax rates drastically cut down, capital gains taxes slashed, and wants to permit corporations to bring back, tax-free, the billions in profits they've stashed abroad.
The U.S. Chamber of Commerce is one of the most powerful forces in Washington. In 2016, it spent nearly $80 million on lobbying. During the 2016 election cycle, it spent $30 million on 16 House and Senate races—all of which went to Republicans, the first-ever electoral sweep for the chamber's picks. In 2017, the chamber could become an even more powerful presence on the Hill, as regulatory rollbacks and tax cuts top the GOP's agenda.
Donohue also issued a clear threat to Democrats who, in the Senate, could block the most drastic deregulatory measures. “We believe many Democrats will want to be constructively involved as well. After all, 25 Democratic senators are up for re-election in two years,” Donohue pointed out. “That's one good reason to be constructive rather than obstructive.”
For its strong-armed commitment to gutting business regulations and heaping tax breaks to the top—with blatant disregard for workers, consumers, and the public good—we dub the U.S. Chamber of Commerce our Trickle Downer of the Week.
Image caption Mr Lunan wants to remind people of the stone circle project
A local amateur astronomer and science writer is hoping to rejuvenate a stone circle in the shadows of Glasgow's Sighthill tower blocks.
Duncan Lunan organised the construction of the circle more than 30 years ago to accurately mirror the rise and fall of the sun and moon over the city.
It was claimed to be the first authentically aligned stone circle built in Britain in about 3,000 years.
Construction stopped prematurely after the 1979 Tory general election victory.
Mr Lunan hopes the site can once again host equinox and solstice celebrations similar to those which occurred in Scotland until the 17th Century.
He conceded that although they do find evidence of fires and discarded bottles "whether they are observing the festivals is another matter".
Unfinished work
There are still four stones hidden away on Broomhill in Sighthill Park. Mr Lunan said: "Two were planned to be due east and west marking the sunrise and sunset at the equinoxes.
Image caption Efforts to erect the stones came to a halt towards the end of the 70s
"What we would like to do with the other two would be to put a plaque on them and explain why it is there, who built it and who it is dedicated to."
The circle was built to honour four academics from Glasgow University. According to Mr Lunan it was these Scottish thinkers, led by Professor Alexander Thom, who really "put the UK on the map" in the field of megalithic astronomy.
Mr Lunan would also like to restore the original stones to their correct height and put in a path for wheelchair access.
The cost of the works has been estimated to be about £30,000.
Glasgow solar system
Building on this project, he hopes to scale the solar system to the city boundary using the Sighthill stone circle to represent the sun.
The plan would see stones representing Mercury, Venus, Earth and Mars in Sighthill Park, Jupiter on Strathclyde University Campus, Saturn by the Science Centre, Uranus and Neptune on Maryhill Road and Pluto on Cathkin Braes.
Mr Lunan will be holding an illustrated talk on the Sighthill Stone Circle at the Ogilvie Centre, St Aloysius Church, Rose Street, Glasgow, at 1930 BST on Monday 21 June.
Following the talk there will be a visit to the circle for the midsummer sunset.
A response to the call for solidarity to the ones held in custody in Hamburg
During the exile of captivity few are the things that can make you smile, offer a warm thought or a pleasant feeling. I can, however, say with some certainty that these days of July when Hamburg surrendered to the chaos of riots during the G20 summit, the clashes with the police, the burning barricades, the store looting, the vandalism and burning of sovereignty targets, my thoughts were boosted, a great deal of “thank yous” as well as vivid emotions overwhelmed me, and a smile lit up my face.
I'll be honest, however. Although from an early stage a large part of insurrectionary anarchism aspired at setting a high target, something that had become clear already since the call for a militant campaign of informal organization months before the summit; and although there was a large number of public texts and claims of responsibility responding to this call (some comrades were kind enough to even mention the heritage of Black December), I wasn't that sure that the days in question would indeed involve such great momentum.
And this due to the fact that the difficulties entailed weren't unknown to me—the adversities and the challenges that would have to be confronted by the people who would want to organize and accomplish such an ambitious riot plan.
The state of emergency declared in many countries due to the jihadist asymmetric threat, the tightening of cross-border checks due to the large refugee flows, the announcement of Hamburg's militarization, and the construction of special prisons for the rioters, the media terrorism for zero tolerance for the troublemakers, the domination and pessimism of the various anti-insurgent anarchist currents (that may have been speaking with a hint of irony about an ambitious attempt to repeat the Genoa events), and even a bias against anti-Summits as set-ups with cops by groups of insurrectionary anarchism itself (a bias that, I have to admit, I had maintained in the past myself); all these together, therefore, were undoubtedly factors of increased difficulty.
And yet, against all odds, the spark lit up and the “Bring Chaos to Hamburg” campaign succeeded and, as a result, this so well-done repressive mechanism that would supposedly crush the rioters was eventually ridiculed.
The intensity of events and, above all, the success of the various plans that eventually combined the tactics of decentralized, hit-and-run attacks along with that of revolting right in the heart of the demonstrations proved in the most tangible way that the competition of the two different rationales is futile since each contributes and enriches in its own way the anarchist insurrection.
Besides, when the riot dares to confront head on with the all-mighty suppression and the supposedly immense power of state terrorism, then everything is possible such as the ridiculing of such an extravagantly repressive mechanism as the one urgently activated in Hamburg during the days of the Summit.
It is also a fact that some of the most powerful moments in the history of worldwide insurrections took place precisely against the odds and that, in many cases, is the beauty of it all.
Therefore, I cannot but feel excited by this wind of enthusiasm and self-confidence that travelled thousands of miles from Hamburg to this place of captivity.
That's because with these events everyone can see that the dynamics released by such explosive situations do not begin and end at a given moment but travel and diffuse sending a message everywhere saying that the key to everything is determination and the death of defeatism.
These are enough for the inducement of one, two, or more, moments which can function as milestones, historical landmarks, something towards which we can turn our gaze when things are bad, when frustration and futility are prevalent.
And when we look back, remembrance will give us the precise strength it takes to carry on. Until the next Hamburg, until the next uprising, until the complete destruction of sovereignty.
On the other hand, however, the authorities know how to take such moments into account, too, to assess them, fathom their long-term effects and, respectively, retaliate in a definite and clear way stating that every occasion of insurrection will be crushed.
So, after the hundreds of arrests of protesters, the onslaught of fully-armed commandos of the special police forces against the rioters in the streets of Hamburg, after the brutal assault on a group of demonstrators, the repression showed its teeth further by holding in custody many dozens of people accused of participating in the riots according to the updates (36 still remain in custody).
At this moment, a new call has already been addressed and put forward concerning precisely the solidarity towards the detainees of the anti-summit events.
Already, the first demonstrations as well as attacks with vandalisms and burnings in various European metropolises have taken place. In response to this call, I would also like to express my solidarity to those detained for the events in Hamburg, as I would also like to send back this broad smile that I was given by all those who reminded in the most beautiful way that when Anarchy wants it, it is powerful.
Panagiotis Argyrou, member of the Conspiracy of Cells of Fire-FAI/IRF
(via Radiofragmata Translation Project) reblogged with thanks.
I'm not sure exactly when the winter meetings turned into an agent-fest. Or a free-agent-fest.
But sometime between the Curt Flood verdict and the founding of the Scott Boras Corporation, the good old-fashioned blockbuster eight-player mega-trade at the winter meetings almost became an endangered species.
Well, not this year. As pretty much the entire sport gears up for next week's annual winter meetings yakathon in San Diego, there's more talk about trade rumors than free-agent rumors, for the first time in years. Check out these comments from assorted general managers and assistant GMs in the past couple of days:
From an AL GM: "There's a lot brewing, a lot of trade talk. I would expect next week to be busy."
From an NL exec: "Have you seen the free-agent list? There are no bats left on the market. So if you want a bat, you have to make a trade."
From an NL GM: "We could see a lot of trades. That's a definite possibility. There's been a lot of chatter."
Of course, with virtually all of the prominent free-agent pitchers still looking for work, we'll be hearing about them, too. But here comes a list of 10 names to watch at the winter meetings next week. Shockingly, only three free agents made the cut:
LHP Jon Lester
Lester
Here's the deal. We need Lester to pick a team sooner, not later. The entire starting-pitching market -- both free agents and trade chips -- has been placed in a state of frozen trigger-finger-itis, waiting for him to kick off the avalanche.
"Lester affects everything that goes on with all these pitchers," said another NL exec. "And not just free agents, Lester affects when and where [Jeff] Samardzija goes. Then Samardzija affects what happens with [Cole] Hamels. It all starts with Lester. He sets the free-agent market and kick-starts the trade market. Depending on when he signs, he could create the greatest winter meetings in decades or the most boring. He'll have a direct effect on the number of hotel rooms canceled and the amount of alcohol consumed."
The good news is Lester's agents, Seth and Sam Levinson, like to move quickly -- and every executive I polled expects Lester to pick a team before the end of next week. But the bad news is, there are still four highly motivated teams involved, with plenty of funds in the checking account, in the Red Sox, Cubs, Giants and Dodgers. So this race has had a surprisingly tough time reaching the finish line.
RHP Max Scherzer
Don't expect Max Scherzer, a Scott Boras client, to sign on the dotted line anytime soon. AP Photo/Mark Duncan
Don't take Scherzer's inclusion on this list to mean I think he'll actually sign at the winter meetings. If signing were the criteria, "you'd need to have a winter meeting during Super Bowl week for Scherzer to make your list," quipped one exec who actually sounded amused by Scott Boras' slow pace in the Scherzer talks. But if all a guy has to do to make this top 10 is get talked about all week, well, heck, I guarantee he can pull that off.
Remember, Boras has already announced that the Scherzer negotiations are for owners, not GMs. So this seems all set up for Boras favorites like Mike Illitch (Tigers) and Ted Lerner (Nationals) to get be romanced by sales pitches that begin: "Want to win the World Series? This is the guy who can win you the World Series."
But the most widespread front-office conspiracy theory goes this way: The Nationals trade Jordan Zimmermann, then turn around and sign Scherzer, a one-time No. 1 pick by (guess who?) Nationals GM Mike Rizzo when he worked in Arizona. Stay tuned.
RHP James Shields
Shields
Shields has spent the winter riding just behind Lester's bumper, waiting for Lester to set his own market in motion. I just finished working on my annual "when will they sign" survey. And the nearly unanimous sentiment was that Shields could sign within days of Lester -- with one of the "Lester losers," as another AL exec put it.
And remember, two of those "Lester losers" could include men of influence who have seen Shields at his best -- manager Joe Maddon of the Cubs and team president Andrew Friedman of the Dodgers. Either could be a very real destination, depending on dollars and timing.
OF Justin Upton
Upton
You know how many outfielders in the current free-agent market hit 20 home runs this year? How about zero. You know how many home runs Upton has averaged in his two seasons in Atlanta? How about 28. And now that the Braves have signed Nick Markakis and are pointing toward the 2017 opening of their new ballpark, they're more motivated than ever to trade Upton -- but only, say teams that have spoken with the Braves, if they get even more in return than their haul for Jason Heyward.
True, Upton is a one-year rental, dreaming about a Giancarlo-esque payday in free agency. But he's also just 26, will be playing for a monster contract and will net a compensation pick when he leaves. And power is so rare these days, the Braves have fielded calls from more than a dozen teams, according to one exec who spoke with them.
So where will he land? Upton can block deals only to the Cubs, Brewers, Blue Jays and Indians. So this could go in many directions. But the Padres need a thumper and have been aggressive on Upton and others. The Orioles are in win-now mode, need to replace Markakis and Nelson Cruz, and don't have good options in free agency anymore. And the Rangers have a deep system and just lost out in their pursuit of a one-year deal with Torii Hunter. But reports of the Mariners' interest appear to be exaggerated, and it would be a monumental upset for Seattle GM Jack Zduriencik to deal a controllable, high-upside arm like Taijuan Walker for a rent-a-bat.
OF Yoenis Cespedes
Next stop, Detroit? The Red Sox are open to trading Yoenis Cespedes, who was acquired from Oakland at the July 31 trade deadline. Greg M. Cooper/USA TODAY Sports
It would be easier to list the position players the Red Sox won't talk about than the ones they will. So let's do that. Clubs that have checked in say the Sox have no interest in dealing Xander Bogaerts, Mookie Betts, Christian Vazquez or Rusney Castillo. And obviously, David Ortiz and Dustin Pedroia aren't packing any suitcases.
Other than that, almost any position player, young or old, is a potential chip. And the Red Sox have so many starting pitchers on their shopping list (Cole Hamels, Jeff Samardzija, Rick Porcello, etc.), it's impossible to predict quite yet which of them will wind up in Fenway.
But it's Cespedes who is generating massive interest, and figures to be the centerpiece of some major package or other. The Red Sox have told everyone, though, that they've plotted out scenarios in which he's still on their team. So if their path to trading for a starting pitcher takes them down some other road, they're surprisingly cool with that.
RHP Rick Porcello
Porcello
Teams that have spoken with the Tigers report they're listening intently on both Porcello and David Price, each of whom are a year away from hitting the free-agent exit ramps. They won't trade away both. But dealing either is tricky.
Execs they've talked to have the distinct impression the Tigers won't trade Price unless they know they can bring back Max Scherzer. And good luck trying to make those two moves on the same time frame.So that would seem to make Porcello, who won't even turn 26 until this month, the more likely candidate to move. And the Tigers and Red Sox have the ingredients for a trade built around a Porcello-for-Cespedes package. But the Tigers have made it clear they aren't subtracting any starting pitchers unless they have a replacement lined up. And the Red Sox's options (Anthony Ranaudo, Allen Webster, Rubby De La Rosa, etc.) might be too iffy and inexperienced for a team in a win-now state of mind.
RHP Jordan Zimmermann
Zimmermann
How can a team with win-the-World-Series dreams trade a pitcher this good? Only if there's an ace-type alternative lined up, of course. And we've already laid out that "out goes Zimmermann, in comes Mad Max" scenario that's sweeping through front offices everywhere, but "it's so obvious," said one of the GMs quoted earlier, "it makes me question if it's real."
Well, it's real, all right. So many teams report that the Nationals are listening closely on a big group of prominent players -- Zimmermann, Doug Fister, Denard Span, Tyler Clippard, even Ian Desmond -- that almost anything is possible. This is a team with the potential to make the biggest deal of the offseason. And maybe not just one.
"I could see [GM Mike Rizzo] making a few blockbusters," said another NL exec, "with the pitching staff in particular."
LHP Cole Hamels
If the Red Sox fail to sign free-agent left-hander Jon Lester, maybe they'll shift their focus to Phillies left-hander Cole Hamels. Hunter Martin/Getty Images
The Phillies might succeed in finally trading somebody next week. (Marlon Byrd, anyone?) But it's highly unlikely to be Hamels. Clubs that have checked in on him report that while Phillies GM Ruben Amaro Jr. has told teams to make an offer if they're interested, he's leaning toward waiting until the free-agent market settles before the Hamels bidding gets serious.
One Phillies exec adamantly denies that they've asked for any team's two or three best prospects for Hamels. Yet other teams continue to complain about the asking price. "Totally out of line," grumbled one of the executives quoted earlier. So even if the Phillies disagree, if that's the perception at this point, it's probably no better than 50-50 that Hamels gets moved this winter.
"Here's my take," said an official of one club that has traded an ace in the not-so-distant past. "I think the Phillies can make a good trade for Cole Hamels. I don't think it will be a grand slam. If he was making $5 million a year, then they might get a grand slam. But he's not. I think they can make a good trade, one that makes sense for both teams. But I think there are too many different starting-pitcher options available for a team to give up the kind of prospects they're asking and pay that money. Teams don't have to do that right now. And they're not going to do that."
RHP Jeff Samardzija
Samardzija
As the A's unload, Samardzija has the look of the first of the available ace types to get traded, just because Oakland is pushing so hard to deal him. "He's ahead of Hamels as far as timing," an executive of one club said. "I think he goes right behind Lester."
One GM who has spoken with A's deal-master Billy Beane says Beane views this as a simple mathematical equation: "Samardzija has one year left [before free agency]. So they feel like they can trade him and then sign a one-year free agent and turn him into a good pitcher, because they've had so much success doing that for such a long time."
But while there are obvious potential fits with teams like the Diamondbacks, White Sox and possibly the Red Sox, other clubs believe Beane will have a tougher time than many people assume in finding a team that can assume Samardzija's salary (likely to be about $9 million) and the array of young players Beane is looking for (with one of them, ideally, being a shortstop). "It's just hard," one exec said, "to give up a lot of value for a one-year pitcher."
OF Matt Kemp
Kemp
Here's one final prediction for you: The Dodgers will trade an outfielder this winter. Maybe more than one. But while they're talking about Kemp with the Orioles, Mariners, Padres and others, dealing Kemp is the option they're least interested in -- basically, their "Uh-Oh, We Can't Move Anybody Else So We'd Better Move Him" plan.
So teams that have spoken with the Dodgers report they're working much harder to deal Andre Ethier and/or Carl Crawford. No shocker there. And they're trying to determine how much of those remaining contracts (four years, $73.5 million on Ethier; three years, $62.25 million on Crawford) they would have to chomp on to make that possible.
Don't forget that with Hanley Ramirez gone, trading Kemp could potentially leave the Dodgers with no right-handed power other than the streaky Yasiel Puig (a guy who hit two homers in 310 trips in June, July and August). So will there be lots of Kemp buzz next week? A Hundred percent chance of that. But does that mean he actually gets dealt next week? Only if it's a trade they can't possibly say no to.
10 more names to watch
This article is over 3 years old
Chinese fashion exhibition is most visited ever at New York Metropolitan museum of art's costume institute, smashing record set by McQueen show
Met's China: Through the Looking Glass show presents a fantasy of the far east Read more
A New York exhibition exploring Chinese influence on western fashion has become a summer smash-hit, attracting a record 670,000 visitors in a sign of China's growing clout in America.
Spread across 16 galleries, China: Through the Looking Glass is the most visited show at the Metropolitan Museum of Art's costume institute and has been extended for three weeks.
It broke the previous record set by a 2011 show celebrating the late British designer Alexander McQueen, which went on display a year after his death, the museum said.
By the weekend, more than 670,000 visitors had flocked to the China exhibition, compared with 661,509 for McQueen, and it has been extended until 7 September, the Met announced.
Alexander McQueen: Savage Beauty is the most popular show in V&A's history Read more
“As China's role politically and economically has grown on the world stage, it's very clear that people want to know more about the culture out of which that recent success has been spawned,” explained Maxwell Hearn, head of the Met's Asian art department.
The exhibition opened on 7 May, and explores the impact of Chinese aesthetics on western fashion and how China has fuelled the fashion imagination for centuries.
It juxtaposes some of the world's finest haute couture with jewelry and works of Chinese art, focusing on Imperial China, 1920-40s Shanghai and the People's Republic of China.
Hearn attributes its phenomenal success to a unique creative collaboration between the fashion and Asian art departments. There is a bamboo forest made out of plexiglass, and a traditional Chinese garden court has been transformed into a moonlit pool where John Galliano dresses appear to float over the surface.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest A dress by Li Xiaofeng is displayed as part of China Through the Looking Glass at the Metropolitan Museum of Art in New York. Photograph: Don Emmert/AFP/Getty Images
There is an array of cinematic clips. The shoulders of an Yves Saint Laurent evening jacket have been picked out in the pattern on a fifth-century BC bronze vessel. The decoration on a 1950s Dior dress is inspired by Chinese calligraphy drawn from a poem complaining about a stomach ache.
Met Ball 2015: celebrities arrive on the red carpet – in pictures Read more
China was also the theme of this year's Met Ball, which kicked off the exhibition and acts as the institute's annual fundraiser, the most glittering event in New York high society.
“I think China is something everybody is interested in,” Hearn said. “To see how China has been an obsession, certainly a source of inspiration for centuries is something that really comes across.”
After French and Spanish, Chinese is the most sought-after language at US secondary schools, he said. There is also a huge influx of Chinese tourists, who want to see how China is represented in a western museum, he added.
The US department of commerce projects visitor growth from China will increase by 172% to 3.1 million visitors by 2019.
“For the Chinese to come here and see their culture in the context of Asia and beyond, I think that's why this show must be very interesting and even provocative for them,” Hearn said. “It's showing them that China has had an historical impact on the west.”
Facebook Twitter Pinterest The exhibit focuses on the influence of Chinese aesthetics on western fashion and looks back at some of the history of Chinese design. Photograph: Justin Lane/EPA
The Costume Institute reopened last year, named after Vogue editor-in-chief Anna Wintour, who has raised more than $125m for the centre since becoming trustee of the Met in 1999.
The Metropolitan Museum of Art is New York's most visited museum, welcoming 6.2 million people last year.
China: Through the Looking Glass is so far the museum's eighth most visited exhibition in history, a spokeswoman said.
There is no hiding the fact the city of Toronto faces huge challenges. So does the province, the nation and, truth be told, most of the world. Even Mighty America has reached the end of invincibility, and perhaps, as of Tuesday, solvency. And who needs to be reminded about Greece, Ireland, Portugal, Spain, Italy and the U.K, all tottering on the brink of collapse?
Colin Phillips, one of 169 deputants to offer input at last week's marathon executive committee meeting, speaks with the help of a computer. The conflict over this year's city budget is but one reflection of a global upheaval over how public money is gathered and spent. ( CARLOS OSORIO / TORONTO STAR )
Around the globe, populations and their governments agonize and blame each other as the bills come due. But if those bills seem so much larger than expected, it's because of our collective failure to understand the basic arithmetic of getting what you pay for. How many times have we heard politicians promise lower taxes and improved services? Or say things like Rob Ford's classic: “Toronto doesn't have a revenue problem, it has a spending problem”? Other than the fact they are nonsense, statements such as these are intended to keep the empowered masses in the infantilized state to which they have grown accustomed. The mature conversation we have been told must be initiated — about death, taxes and anything in between — has yet to start.
Article Continued Below
Instead, we resort to ideology, rhetoric, denial and the usual blandishments about tightening the belt just a little so that all will once again be fine. In fact, the so-called developed world is reaching the end of an era that stretches back almost uninterrupted to the end of World War II. Huge social and cultural shifts lie ahead. Though we still rely most fundamentally on the assumption that economic growth will lift us out of the mess, even that can no longer be taken for granted. Inevitably, the solution to Toronto's woes — and those of other jurisdictions, civic and national — will be higher taxes, increased user fees (including road tolls, congestion and vehicle registration fees) as well as public cutbacks and private frugality. Interesting that as the government deficits soar, so does personal debt, which has reached unprecedented levels in Canada. We'd rather leave it to government to practise what we preach. Already Torontonians are asking whether the city really needs to own a zoo. Maybe not, but does that mean it's a good idea to unload money-makers such as Toronto Hydro, Enwave, the parking authority?
The failure to consider tax hikes, however understandable politically, simply prolongs the problem. Indeed, it is the problem. We like to believe we are grossly over-taxed, but that's simply not the case. Toronto property taxes are the lowest in the GTA and, compared with income-tax rates in, say, the Scandinavian countries — 50 to 55 per cent, where we'd pay 35 per cent — we fork out relatively little.
Article Continued Below
For Toronto and all cities in Canada, the shortfalls are structural, built into a governance model that leaves them unable to raise the revenue required to provide the services we expect. This systemic discounting of urban Canada has been much discussed, but to little avail. The idea of financing a big city such as Toronto on the backs of property owners no longer works. Canadian cities need a share of income tax. That, of course, will never happen in a country where cities are considered junior partners. But as Jane Jacobs pointed out in her book Cities and the Wealth of Nations, it's cities, not nations, that create prosperity. “Distinctions between city economies and the potpourris we call national economies are important,” she wrote, “not only for getting a grip on reality; they are of the essence where practical attempts to reshape economic life are concerned.” That includes Toronto. Christopher Hume can be reached at chume@thestar.ca
Despite Jay-Z's best efforts, it looks as if Auto-Tune, the software that adjusts the pitch of a singer's voice, isn't destined for the graveyard after all.
Instead, it's headed to the iPhone.
An application called “I Am T-Pain,” after the rapper who most recently popularized the Auto-Tune software with a liberal use of it in his songs, transforms the iPhone into an auto-tune microphone. The application was developed as a joint collaboration between T-Pain, Antares Audio Technologies, the company that produces the software that creates the vocal effect, and Smule, a start-up that develops applications for the iPhone.
Smule is the company behind Ocarina, a popular iPhone application that turns the phone into an ancient clay wind instrument.
“This is our latest experiment,” said Ge Wang, co-founder and chief technology office at Smule. “There's no shortage of celebrity apps in the App Store, but the feeling was that a lot of them didn't capture the essence of the artist.”
Mr. Wang said that T-Pain was a fan of Smule's musical applications and approached him about the collaboration. They worked with Antares to develop the application.
The application, which costs $2.99, turns the iPhone into an Auto-Tune microphone, allowing users to sing alongside popular T-Pain tracks. “I Am T-Pain” comes bundled with five songs, including the radio hits “Bartender” and “Sprung.” Players will also have the option of buying more songs via the application to digitally harmonize along with.
In addition, players can create and record songs using a “freestyle” Auto-Tune effect, which can be uploaded to the Web and sent to friends via e-mail, Facebook and MySpace.
Uber could be operating in Calgary as early as Wednesday, one councillor believes, if city hall gives the green light to proposed changes to the ride-share bylaw on Monday.
Coun. Evan Woolley says Uber's launch may take a little longer, but certainly very, very soon. Uber Western Canada general manager Ramit Kar was recently quoted as saying it could a matter of mere days between a decision and rollout.
“There's not a single rationale why we shouldn't vote for this,” Woolley said.
“It's the holiday season, and some of the most challenging times that we have had with our taxi industry and the availability of cabs is around the holiday season,” he said.
“There's no reason we can't provide another option for citizens to get around safely during the festive season when they like to partake in a libation or two.”
Administration will put the revised bylaw to council, including some recommendations that came out of a recent meeting of the city's taxi commission. The recommendations call for all three readings to happen now, livery licence fees to be frozen at 2016 levels for 2017 and bumped four per cent in 2018, the release of 222 taxi licence plates so local cab companies can compete, and some other items that'll be dealt with behind closed doors. A previous recommendation for a 90-day delay after the third reading is absent from the summary.
Uber's rough ride in Calgary has been a three-year ordeal.
Woolley is happy to push out more cab licences, if it means city council can be done with it.
Briefly stepping away from his seat at the Grey Cup in Toronto, Mayor Naheed Nenshi said, “I am happy to make these minor bylaw changes that preserve public safety, which must be the heart of our system. I am not in favour of releasing more taxi licences now, however. I see no reason to do so in this economy.”
Coun. Ray Jones said he'll be taking the opposite stance. He wants to see the 222 plates released but he won't support the bylaw tweaks.
“I don't think one company should be able to dictate to a city what the rules are . . . I think the rules as they are now are fine,” he said.
Jones said “it seems like it has been forever” since the Uber matter first came up, and he's aware his vote could lead to it going longer.
City Hall reporter Annalise Kligbeil is reporting from council today:
There are many age-old questions that have plagued humanity since the dawn of time; where did the universe come from? Is there really a god? What on earth is going on with Donald Trump's hair?
But scientists have now answered one of these great unknowns; what makes a good-looking penis?
The research, which only asked women for their preferences on male genitalia, was conducted by researchers at the University of Zurich.
Join Independent Minds For exclusive articles, events and an advertising-free read for just £5.99 €6.99 $9.99 a month Get the best of The Independent With an Independent Minds subscription for just £5.99 €6.99 $9.99 a month Get the best of The Independent Without the ads – for just £5.99 €6.99 $9.99 a month
According to the study, “general cosmetic appearance” is the most important penile aspect when it comes to what women value down there. This is swiftly followed by the appearance of pubic hair, penile skin, and girth. Length comes in at number six, with the look of the scrotum trailing closely behind.
The least important facet of the phallus, say the scientists, is the “position and shape of meatus”, the vertical slit at the opening of the urethra.
The three academics behind the paper, which is based on the responses of 105 women aged 16-45, which has been published in The Journal of Sexual Medicine, set out to investigate whether men with corrected hypospadias, which uncorrected sees the urethra end in the wrong place, are perceived by women to look ‘normal' below the belt. The researchers argue that some men who undergo his procedure believe their penile appearance to be “abnormal.”
The findings, that the meatus is seemingly insignificant when the penis is judged for its cosmetics, suggest that this is in fact not true, with the experts concluding that patients should be told this to “prevent the development of shame.”
But on to the question of what makes the perfect penis, the researchers established that there “is no single penile aspect that is essential” for the penis to be considered attractive.
The Independent's Millennial Love group is the best place to discuss to the highs and lows of modern dating and relationships. Join the conversation here.​
Earlier this year, Tran decided to open the gates of his factory to tours. The decision wasn't the result of some Roald Dahl-esque turn of heart, but rather, of some duress. Back in April, Huy Fong's facility in Irwindale, California, had been declared a public nuisance after the city had received complaints from nearby residents alleging that the fumes from the factory were causing headaches, nosebleeds, heartburn, and a variety of respiratory ailments. The declaration followed a lawsuit by the city and a partial shutdown of the factory last year, which incited a panic among the faithful about a Sriracha shortage.
"The tours,” Tran told me, “are the only way to prove that we don't make tear gas."
The efforts worked. Well, the efforts, girded by out-of-state wooing of Huy Fong and some election-year pro-business posturing, eventually resulted in the lawsuit and nuisance issue both being dropped in late May.
During the ordeal, the extent of the Sriracha fandom revealed itself. Around the time the 2013 lawsuit against Huy Fong was filed, the first-ever L.A. Sriracha Festival was held in Los Angeles, featuring Sriracha-inspired dishes by some of the city's best-known chefs.
"That was the first indication that there were crazy Sriracha people out there,” Donna Lam, the executive operations officer of Huy Fong, told me. “People who would want to dress like Sriracha, people who would pay $50 to eat Sriracha food."
As chili-grinding season kicked off in late September, Sriracha people had also appeared by the thousands to attend "open houses" at the Huy Fong factory. Visitors would get to see some of the season's 57,000 tons of red jalapeños go from pepper to paste, tour the massive facility, sample Sriracha ice cream, and maybe catch a glimpse of Tran himself.
My Sriracha immersion at the factory began with the ritual slipping on of a hairnet. I was shepherded around by Christy, who has been living in Irwindale for over a decade. She told me that nearly 2,000 people had flooded the factory at the most recent open house.
Adam Chandler
Our first stop was a room that had become something of a Sriracha shrine. It included a life-sized cut-out of David Tran, plaques, awards, pictures, artwork, love letters to Sriracha, and, of course, customized fire extinguishers.
As we entered the factory itself, two of the 30 to 40 massive trucks that deliver peppers daily during chili season pulled up. Huy Fong's pepper supply comes from local farms within hours of the factory and, according to Christy, the peppers are ground within hours of being picked.
The intricacies of Sriracha sauce creation don't necessarily make for the most riveting reading⎯peppers are sorted, washed, crushed, and bottled after salt, vinegar, and preservatives are added. What is stupefying about the tour is the scale of everything.
Adam Chandler
The massive ceilings, the endless banks of blue barrels, the mechanized trill of plastic bottles being molded, slapped with logos, filled, capped, boxed, and wrapped in plastic, all in a facility that's roughly the size of the Barclay's Center in Brooklyn.
Republican vice presidential nominee Mike Pence and American Dad Tim Kaine face off in a live debate at Longwood University tonight and I am so pumped. In, like, a really chill, "no one will probably talk about Rosie O'Donnell" sort of way. So, like, medium pumped.
Johnny Louis Getty Images
While there will probably be a marked lack of shimmying at tonight's debate, the stakes are still high. So here are eight things I'm going to need from Tim Kaine for this debate to be a success.
1.
In the grand new tradition of modern political debates, I'd love for Kaine to bring up his celebrity feuds. Let's all talk about celebrities we're feuding with. I am sure that Kaine has a long-standing beef with Greg Kinnear and I want to hear all about it. "As Good As It Gets? Not very good." (Tim Kaine's sick burns are very gentle.)
Bill Clark Getty Images
2.
Kaine should talk about how much extra he pays in taxes. It's clear that Kaine is the kind of person who gleefully pays more than his fair share and probably also writes friendly notes in the comments line of his checks. I want to hear all about it.
3.
"Stop and frisk: bad. Stop and affirm with words of encouragement: good." ::turns to Mike Pence:: "Mike, we disagree on a lot of things, but I think you are a person who is trying his best and that does not go unnoticed. Bring it in for a hug?"
Getty Images
4.
For 15 minutes, Kaine should hem-and-haw about how he enjoyed Luke Cage but he wasn't sure how he felt about the violence. I'd like him to get so wrapped up in his thoughts that he sits cross-legged on the floor and Mike Pence has to stare awkwardly into the camera. Mike Pence has not seen Luke Cage.
Alex Wong Getty Images
5.
"Hey, everyone, I just brought a bunch of pictures of me as a smoking hot 30-year-old. I hope that's okay. Do you want to pass them around?"
6.
Would a tap solo be too much to ask for? Or at least a wicked harmonica jam sesh.
Did you know that Tim Kaine played the harmonica? I did not but I should have expected as much. It's less phallic than Bill Clinton's saxophone but still slyly soulful. Is he in a Blues Traveller cover band called Rin Tin Tim? Probably.
7.
Literally an hour of funny stories about Ecuador. Followed by a rousing sing-a-long. I want to hear every last detail. I hope Clinton wins so that we can be treated to four years of tall tales from Kaine's time in Honduras like he's a Central American Sophia Petrillo.
8.
At the end of the debate, I want to hear Tim Kaine's comprehensive, 19-point plan for avoiding those creepy clowns in the woods. I want Tim Kaine to stare deep into the camera and tell us how we can fight off this menace. I want him to pull out a chart that details the various kinds of clowns. I want him to show us different self-defense moves. Perhaps using Mike Pence as a begrudging assistant.
"Charge at me, Mike. Full speed. Like you're a murderous mime. C'mon buddy!"
Mandel Ngan Getty Images
And as a surprise, I want him to bring out an actual clown at the end! The audience will gasp. The moderator will scramble away from the desk. The producer will scream "Cut to commercial" but some studio executive will place her hand firmly on the control panel and shout "No! Let's see where this goes."
And then I want Tim Kaine, American Dad, to meticulously wipe the makeup from the clown's face, revealing... Greg Kinnear!
"You see, America, clowns are nothing to fear. They're just normal people, like you and me. Sometimes they're our enemies, like good for nothing Greg Kinnear, here. Sometimes they're just meddlesome kids. I want you to stay alert, stay safe, and never be afraid. Thank you, Greg, for joining me here tonight to teach the public an important lesson. Now never show your face around me again."
Follow R. Eric Thomas on Twitter.
In his last Sunday blessing from a window overlooking the giant key-shaped piazza, the 85-year-old Pope said he was not "abandoning the Church" by his decision to retire to a former nunnery inside the walls of the Vatican.
To applause and cheering from the crowd, he said he had been "called" by God to devote himself to a quiet life of prayer and reflection.
"But this doesn't mean abandoning the church," he told the crowds packed into St Peter's as they held up banners which read "Grazie" (thank you) and waved flags from Italy, Brazil, Romania, France and a dozen other countries.
Three nuns in beige wimples clutched a large banner which read "Viva Il Papa", a group of French Catholics had a placard which said "Au revoir e merci" and a crowd of Mexicans in silver and black sombreros played guitar music and sang.
Dressed in white vestments and extending his arms to the faithful, Benedict said he would "continue to serve it (the Church) with the same dedication and the same love which I have tried to do so until now, but in a way more suitable to my age and to my strength."
Despite the applause, the mood among many in the crowd was subdued and respectful, rather than upset or tearful.
"I think his decision to go is a good thing," said Jonas Schmidt, 21, a German student living in Switzerland. "It would be better if the next Pope is younger so that he can deal with all the trouble and scandals the Church is going through."
Charlotte Coe, 20, from Texas, a visiting student, said: "This is a once-in-a lifetime opportunity and I wanted to be here."
Her friend Brianna Murray, 20, said: "I want to be able to tell my kids that I saw the first Pope to resign for hundreds of years."
The 'Angelus' address was Benedict's penultimate public appearance as Pope - on Wednesday he will take part in a general audience in St Peter's Square which is expected to draw even bigger crowds.
Benedict will formally abdicate on Thursday evening, when he will be flown by helicopter to Castel Gandolfo, a papal summer residence which perches on the lip of a volcanic lake in hills to the east of Rome.
After around two months there he will move back to the Vatican, living in an ex-convent which is undergoing extensive restoration work, on a slope facing the cupola of St Peter's Basilica.
There has been intense speculation about the reasons for his resignation. He has said he no longer has the strength to carry on, but Italian media reported last week that a secret investigation into the Vatileaks stolen documents scandal had found evidence of bitter feuds between cardinals and even blackmail of sexually active gay priests in Rome.
The conclave to elect a new Pope is likely to start in mid-March and could last several days. The 116 cardinals who are under the age of 80 and therefore eligible to vote are already traveling to Rome for the secretive gathering in the Sistine Chapel, amid intense speculation about the most likely candidates.
Among the names mentioned as the next Pope are Cardinal Peter Turkson, 64, from Ghana, who is a if elected would become the first black African Pope; Cardinal Marc Ouellet, 68, a French Canadian who is head of the Vatican Congregation for Bishops; and Cardinal Leonardo Sandri, 69, who was born and raised in Argentina and has spent his adult life in the Vatican.
While there are high hopes among some Catholics that the papacy could go to an African, Asian or South American, others say nationality or race should not be factors.
"For me it doesn't matter if he is black or white, African or European or Asian," said Father Bedel-Berthin Bahou, a priest from the Central African Republic. "The Church is universal. What we need is a Pope who can lead the Church of today. It doesn't matter where he's from."
Media playback is not supported on this device Gatland gets spikey over 'Warrenball' question
British and Irish Lions head coach Warren Gatland has reacted angrily to questions about his style of play.
The Kiwi's tactics have been dubbed 'Warrenball' by critics, based on a perceived reliance on a simple, power-based gameplan.
But Gatland says his side will play expansive rugby in New Zealand, and that critics of his methods have been jealous of his past success.
"The message to the players is we want to play positive rugby," said Gatland.
Speaking before the meeting with Blues in Auckland on Wednesday, Gatland added: "A few years ago [former London Irish and England coach] Brian Smith coined the phrase 'Warrenball'.
"I don't know whether that was because he was jealous of how much success we had.
Four years ago people decided to be critical, and a lot of people got caught with their pants down afterwards Warren Gatland
"When did it start? Was it when we were successful at Wasps, or when I was coaching at Waikato and won the Air New Zealand Cup?
"We had a group of players that came through Wales that ended up being pretty big and physical players.
"The modern game of rugby is about getting across the gainline, trying to get front-foot ball, and playing to space if that's possible."
Four years ago, Gatland was criticised before the third and final Test against Australia for his team selection and tactics, but was vindicated as the Lions convincingly beat the Wallabies 41-16 to clinch the series.
"Four years ago people decided to be critical, and a lot of people got caught with their pants down afterwards," Gatland continued.
"We know we didn't play so well on Saturday, and it gives us an opportunity to go out against the Blues and try to be positive."
Media playback is not supported on this device British and Irish Lions tour: Tourists receive 'fantastic' Maori welcome
'We need a bit of x-factor'
The Lions edged past the Provincial Barbarians last weekend, and now face a decisive week against high-class Super Rugby opposition.
The first Test against the All Blacks is on 24 June, also at Eden Park in Auckland.
"To match the All Blacks we have to display a bit of x-factor, and the players are being encouraged to do that, because that's what we will need to do to beat them," added Gatland, who was audibly frustrated following the news conference at having to defend himself.
"We don't want to be prescribed and we don't want to play by numbers. These players are being encouraged to demonstrate their level of skill.
"Hopefully we can show that on Wednesday, and the players can show what they are being encouraged by the coaches to do."
Greetings adventurers,
Mounts in Neverwinter have always been a way to help you get to your desired location with speed, and of course, with style. We looked at this and felt that mounts could bring much more to the table. With the release of the Eternal Flame lockbox soon, we are introducing two new mounts with enhanced abilities: the Giant Strider and the Armored Giant Strider.
Giant Strider
When we saw this fiery beast, we knew we had to get it in game. The Giant Strider (epic quality), has a movement speed of 110%. In addition, if you've got the Giant Strider equipped, you also get +4000 movement! This equates to approximately a 10% movement speed increase, even when you're off the mount. Rarity-wise, the Giant Strider is similar to other epic-quality mounts that can be found in other lockboxes.
Armored Giant Strider
Building off of the functionality of the Giant Strider, we took the Armored Giant Strider one step further. This new legendary mount has a movement speed of 140%, making it the fastest mount currently in game! Like its unarmored counterpart, the Armored Giant Strider also provides +4000 movement when equipped, giving the same approximate 10% movement speed increase when off the mount. Here's the really cool thing: when you're in combat, you can summon the Armored Giant Strider and have it cry fire, which damages your enemies. This is the first time a mount has ever had functionality during combat, and we think players will really get a kick out of seeing their mount participate in the fight.
We're really curious to see what people think of these new mounts and look forward to seeing them in game.
Want more game details, screens, and videos? Like Neverwinter on Facebook for more fan-exclusive content and follow us on Twitter – tweet us your questions! And, subscribe to our YouTube channel for the latest Neverwinter videos.
“It's clearly an authoritative government,” said Andrea Cuturi, vice chairman of Anthilia Capital Partners. “Letta is competent and has experience. The key issue is, however, how long will this government last and what it will be able to do. This will become clearer in the coming weeks.”
An inconclusive general election at the end of February left Italy, which has the euro zone's third-largest economy after those of Germany and France, at the mercy of three main political forces, threatening investor confidence and holding up efforts to end a recession.
Mr. Letta, 46, a moderate center-left politician and one of the youngest Italian prime ministers ever, was able to put together a cabinet after striking a deal with the center-right People of Freedom party, led by former Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi, and with the centrist Civic Choice Party, led by another former prime minister, Mario Monti.
Moody's said Friday that it had kept Italy's sovereign debt rating at Baa2 because of the reasonably low current cost of funding and the fact that the Italian budget would be in surplus if debt service were excluded. But the rating agency maintained its negative outlook for Italian sovereign debt because of the prolonged economic crisis.
Michael Hewson, analyst at CMC Markets, said the formation of the government was “a positive development,” but he added that he was “not constructive” on European equities, which he said were “still well below the highs.”
“To be quite honest, while you could argue that Italy's got some scope to go up, that's only because it's been sold off,” he said.
For reference:
1 John Brennan, former Director of the CIA.
2 James Clapper, former Director of National Intelligence.
3 Michael Rogers, Director of the NSA.
Rage. Rage! Photo by JIM WATSON/AFP/Getty Images
It appears our president is ready to move on from hostage-taking to hostage-shooting.
According to Politico, President Trump told his staff this week that he wants to cut off a crucial set of subsidies that are paid to health insurers under Obamacare, a move that could potentially bring about the collapse of the law's coverage marketplaces. Trump has previously told reporters that he might halt the flow of funds if Democrats refused to negotiate a new health care bill, and the administration has generally sent mixed messages about its plans, which has caused a great deal of fear and confusion among insurers.
Many of Trump's advisors, including Secretary of Health and Human Services Tom Price, apparently oppose the plan, because they “worry it will backfire politically if people lose their insurance or see huge premium spikes and blame the White House.” Which is a reasonable fear. Americans tend to blame their president for their personal misfortunes, particularly when they can easily trace them back to the discrete, rash actions of the man in the Oval Office.
Ending the subsidies, which are known as cost-sharing reduction payments, has widely been viewed as the easiest way that Trump could wreck Obamacare's delicate insurance markets—it's often described as the administration's nuclear option. Insurers receive the payments in return for keeping out-of-pocket costs like co-pays and deductibles low for their poorer customers, and experts generally assume that many carriers would simply bail on the exchanges if the flow of money stopped, causing them to topple. Trump is in a position to hit the kill switch now because House Republicans sued to stop the subsidies several years ago, arguing that funding for them had never been properly appropriated. A federal trial court judge ruled in their favor, and the White House has to tell an appeals court by Monday whether it will continue appealing the case.
Trump's previous hamfisted attempts to treat the CSRs as a bargaining chip have gone nowhere, as Democrats have refused to negotiate over them. It's not hard to figure out why. If Trump ends the CSRs, it could cause millions to lose their health insurance. But so will any Obamacare repeal bill passed by a Republican Congress, even with a few token bipartisan votes. In the first scenario, Democrats could blame Trump. In the second, they'd be culpable for the fallout from any compromise legislation.
It's particularly unclear what Trump stands to gain now by finally axing the subsidies now. Democrats still have no reason to budge on Obamacare repeal. Congressional Republicans aren't particularly interested working across the aisle; the House has already passed a bill on partisan lines, after all. Meanwhile, the exchanges in some states, like Iowa, are already in a precarious place (thanks in small part to Trump's rhetoric), which has been enough for him to go on TV and claim that the entire law is failing. Pushing the the entire market off its ledge only invites voters to blame Trump himself for the wreckage.
Even if you just think about it in mob-movie terms, it doesn't make much sense. What villain ever got paid after they killed their hostage?
Rational analysis has never been our president's strong suit, though. Trump may be convinced that Democrats still “own” Obamacare and will be blamed if it finally fails, even if cable channels suggest he's at fault. I am still assuming that somebody will talk Trump out of leveling the entire individual health insurance market in a misbegotten effort to win political leverage over his opposition. But who can really be sure?
Get the biggest daily news stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A 12-year-old child dubbed 'The Kindergarten Bomber' has been arrested in Germany accused of plotting to blow up a Christmas market.
The boy, who has dual German-Iraqi citizenship, is the youngest ever to be seized in Europe for a suspected terror offence.
According to Focus Magazine, the child was "strongly radicalised" in recent weeks by a member of the Islamic State and planned to detonate his nail bomb on November 26 but it failed to explode.
He or someone else had assembled a device made from gunpowder surrounded with nails and screws designed to cause maximum casualties when it went off.
(Image: Getty)
He placed it in a thicket near the Ludwigshafen Christmas market - the city is home to the former Chancellor Helmut Kohl, the great champion of the EU project - but it failed to go off.
He tried again on December 5, this time placing it in a thicket near the city hall, according to Focus.
An eagle-eyed passer by saw what he was doing and contacted police. A specialist explosive squad was brought in to bring about a controlled explosion.
The boy, born in the city in 2004, was seized the same day and sits in juvenile detention.
Police in the city referred all media enquiries to the office of the German attorney general in Karlsruhe where there was no immediate comment.
According to Focus - known in Germany for a magazine with close ties to and sources within the security services - the bomb was in a glass jam jar and the nails and screws were glued to the sides.
The attempted slaughter illustrates the spiking terror threat in Germany.
Returnees from the ranks of Isis in the Middle East have told intelligence services that it is the group's main target in Europe.
Transgender people and victims of domestic violence who use aliases to hide from their abusers had criticized the social network's policy
Facebook unveiled changes to its controversial “real name” policy on Tuesday after criticism from transgender people and victims of domestic abuse.
The social network bans anonymity and has insisted people use their birth names on their accounts. The policy has caused problems for people who used different names from the one they were born with, including transgender people and victims of domestic violence who use aliases to hide from their abusers.
Facebook remains “firmly committed” to having verifiable names linked to their accounts, the company wrote in a statement. “However, after hearing feedback from our community, we recognize that it's also important that this policy works for everyone, especially for communities who are marginalized or face discrimination.”
A coalition led by drag queens in San Francisco pressured the company to review its system last year after users reported problems with the “real name” policy.
The new policy will relax some rules on how people verify their names, streamline the name verification process, and change how people report fake names. It is being tested in the US so that developers, led by product manager Todd Gage, can work out bugs and determine how best to expand the system globally.
“We will also continue to work on making the experience itself more compassionate and easier to navigate,” Gage and Justin Osofsky, Facebook's vice-president of global operations, wrote in the post.
The new system will ask people who are reporting users for having fake names to provide more information about why they are filing a report, including a required text box to write specific details. Critics of the policy have long suspected that they were targeted by users guilty of the same bullying behavior Facebook said its ban on anonymity was meant to prevent.
People whose profiles are flagged after going through this reporting process are presented with options to explain their situation, including: “affected by abuse, stalking or bullying” and “lesbian, gay, bisexual, transgender or queer”.
And instead of immediately suspending people whose profiles are reported for having a false name, users will have seven days to access their profile while disputing the challenge.
Before, the site could change people's names without their consent; now they cannot.
Facebook has also responded to criticism about requiring people to give the company forms of identification to prove their name because these documents did not always reflect the preferred name of the user.
The company said it is expanding how many documents people can use for this part of the process but that it is also taking advantage of the mass of information it has on users to expedite the entire process. For instance, if the company can see that people use a name over and over again on a user's birthday, then that is the name they are best known by and the identification documents may not be needed.
“We want to create the best experience that we can for everyone, and we will continue to make improvements until everyone can use the name that their friends and family know them by,” Gage and Osofsky's post said.
The company is holding a community forum in San Francisco on Tuesday night to discuss the changes.
Lil Miss Hot Mess, who has been leading the campaign to change the policy, said it was great to see Facebook make such “substantive changes”.
She said that the new reporting process could greatly reduce bullying and praised changes to the identification verification process.
“That said, we need to make sure this works for a variety of communities – including domestic violence survivors, Native Americans and African Americans, political activists, and people outside the US – and not just LGBT people,” Lil Miss Hot Mess said. “We won't be satisfied, or stop campaigning, until we stop hearing from folks who have been locked out.”
Facebook apologized in October 2014 to people who had been negatively affected by the rules, but the drag queen coalition criticized the company a year later for failing to make substantive changes to its policy.
Critics grew to include rights groups like the Electronic Frontier Foundation, the American Civil Liberties Union of California and Human Rights Watch. They formed the Nameless Coalition to protest the policy because it “has facilitated harassment, silencing, and even physical violence towards its most vulnerable users”.
Glaad CEO and president Sarah Kate Ellis said in a statement that Facebook had taken “important steps to improve its name policy”.
Ellis said: “GLAAD looks forward to our continued work with Facebook to further improve on this policy and ensure that the world's largest social network remains a place where all people can feel accepted and safe to be their authentic selves.”
The Columbia University Marching Band (CUMB) has performed for Columbia University since 1904. It claims to be the first college or university marching band in the United States to convert to a scramble band format, making the switch in the 1950s. Today, all of the Ivy League bands (except Cornell), as well as the Stanford Band, William & Mary Pep Band, and Marching Owl Band have adopted the scramble band style.
The CUMB has a reputation for edgy humor and is often thought to be the most controversial and irreverent of the scramble bands. Since the 1960s, national news outlets have covered the band's most infamous pranks. CUMB bills itself as "The Cleverest Band in the World."
Performances [ edit ]
In addition to playing at every Columbia football game, the band also plays in the stands at Levien Gym for Columbia basketball games, and at various other events. These have included the New York City Marathon, the Walk Against AIDS, and at New York City's 34th Street post office on Tax Day. The CUMB has appeared on many television programs including an early episode of The Tonight Show Starring Johnny Carson, the Late Show with David Letterman, The CBS Morning Show, MTV's Total Request Live, The Howard Stern TV Show (on WWOR), and Columbia's student run television station CTV. CUMB has also been featured in the films Turk 182! and Game Day. In recent years their musicianship has improved exponentially, and they have been invited to perform at New York Fashion Week, birthday parties, and Good Morning Tokyo.
Orgo Night [ edit ]
In one of the school's longest-lasting traditions, begun in 1975,[1] at midnight before the Organic Chemistry exam—often the first day of final exams—the Columbia University Marching Band invaded and briefly occupied the main undergraduate reading room in Butler Library to distract and entertain studying students with some forty-five minutes of raucous jokes and music, beginning and ending with the singing of the school's fight song, "Roar, Lion, Roar". After the main show before a crowd that routinely began filling the room well before the announced midnight start time, the Band led a procession to several campus locations, including the residential quadrangle of Barnard College for more music and temporary relief from the stress of last-minute studying.
In December 2016, following several years of sporadic complaints by students who said that some Orgo Night scripts and advertising posters left them "triggered" and "traumatized" and called for the show to be canceled,[2] as well as a New York Times article on the Band's treatment of sexual assault on campus,[3] University administrators banned the Marching Band from performing its Orgo Night show in the traditional Butler Library location. Protests and accusations of censorship[4] followed, but University President Lee Bollinger maintained that complaints and publicity about the shows had "nothing to do with" the prohibition.[5] In subfreezing weather, the Band instead performed—at midnight, as usual—outside the main entrance of Butler Library.
The Band's official alumni organization, the Columbia University Band Alumni Association, registered protests with the administration,[6] and an ad hoc group of alumni writing under the name "A. Hamiltonius" published a series of pamphlets exhaustively addressing the issue,[7] but at the end of the spring 2017 semester the University administration held firm,[8] prompting the Marching Band to again stage its show outside the building. For Orgo Night December 2017, Band members quietly infiltrated the Library with their musical instruments during the evening and popped up at midnight to perform the show inside despite the ban.[9] Prior to the spring 2018 exam period, the administration warned the group's leaders against a repeat and restated the injunction, warning of sanctions; the Band again staged its Orgo Night show in front of the library. [10]
Miscellaneous Instruments [ edit ]
One innovation of the CUMB has been the introduction of the "miscie," which rhymes with "whiskey" and is short for miscellaneous. While many of the band members carry a musical instrument onto the field, the band's miscies carry whatever they choose. Some miscie instruments of the past have included a washboard, spoons, juggled balls/pins, the Game Boy Advance, the ROLM phone, beer bottles, spare tires, steel mailboxes, condom harp, football stadium bench (no longer attached to the stadium), passenger handle from the interior of an MTA Redbird subway car, unicycle, and kitchen sink. Most recently, the miscie section has a toilet seat player. Other, slightly more melodious, instruments have included the shofar, the E♭ contrabass sarrusophone, a didgeridoo (the didge), and the B♭ lenthopipe (an 8-foot length of electrical conduit, with rubber hose and horn mouthpiece at the bottom end, and funnel at the extreme end).
Band members have a long history of raiding competitive Ivy League schools and other institutions for memorabilia, including flags of Princeton University, University of Pennsylvania and University of California, Berkeley and the outsized stick used to beat the Harvard University Band's iconic giant bass drum. In a guerrilla action, the band once surreptitiously switched its regular dress for the dark blue of Yale University and appeared in the Yale Bowl as the Yale Precision Marching Band.
Controversies [ edit ]
The band regularly stirs up controversy due to its irreverent sense of humor.
References [ edit ]
Bibliography [ edit ]
Lisa Birnbach's New and Improved College Book, by Lisa Birnbach (1992) ISBN 0-671-79289-X
With the all-new 2016 version fast approaching, now makes a perfect time to look back at the top 10 special edition Camaros of the fifth generation, which helped kick off the modern-day muscle-car craze back in 2009. These are the cars that helped Chevy sell more than 500,000 fifth-gen Camaros during that generation's life-cycle—from model-year 2010 through model-year 2015—while also winning a lifetime's worth of awards. In fact, the fifth-gen Camaro's long list of honors ranges from winning the World Car Design of the Year trophy in its rookie season to capturing the “Motor Trend” Best Driver's Car title of just last year.
And while the current model will soon be gone from dealerships, these limited edition Camaros will make a lasting impression on collectors, backed by some wild appearance packages and plenty of performance.
The all-new 2016 Chevrolet Camaro will debut at a special public event on May 16, 2015, in Detroit, and go on sale soon after.
Those who don't join are still required to pay a smaller “agency fee,” also known as a fair-share fee, to the union to help fund its collective-bargaining functions. Unlike member dues, funds from the agency fees can't be used for the union's political purposes. The lesser fee helps avoid a free-rider problem where employees benefit from the union's representation without paying to support it. Twenty-two other states and the District of Columbia have similar labor laws on the books.
The Supreme Court upheld agency fees in the 1977 decision in Abood and, theoretically, that would have been the end of Friedrichs. The Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals ruled for the teachers' union with a two-page opinion, describing the teachers' case as “so insubstantial as to not require further argument.”
But a majority of justices indicated in 2014 they could be willing to overturn it, and granted certiorari to the Friedrichs plaintiffs when the case reached the Court. In Harris v. Quinn, a 5-4 case that struck down fair-share fees for home-health care providers in Illinois, the majority laid siege to Abood at length. Justice Samuel Alito and the other four conservatives criticized the 1977 case for purportedly misunderstanding the previous cases it cited as precedent, for failing to understand the differences between public- and private-sector unions, for practical administrative problems, for burdening public employees who don't join a union, for shoddy statistical analysis, and for other perceived sins.
“The Abood Court's analysis is questionable on several grounds,” Alito wrote for the Court. “Some of these were noted or apparent at or before the time of the decision, but several have become more evident and troubling in the years since then.” He and the other justices declined to overrule Abood, however, arguing instead that it didn't apply in Harris at all.
The message was clear nonetheless. “Readers of today's decision will know that Abood does not rank on the majority's top-ten list of favorite precedents—and that the majority could not restrain itself from saying (and saying and saying) so,” Justice Elena Kagan replied in dissent. “Yet they will also know that the majority could not, even after receiving full-dress briefing and argument, come up with reasons anywhere near sufficient to reverse the decision.”
During oral arguments in Friedrichs, the court's five conservative judges seemed poised to overturn Abood. The teachers made the expansive claim that all public-sector union activities, even negotiating health benefits and pay raises, are inherently political. Scalia seemed to embrace this point at oral arguments. “The problem is that everything that is collectively bargained with the government is within the political sphere, almost by definition,” he told the advocates.
A decision that struck down agency fees would not deal a fatal blow to American organized labor, but it would leave a grievous wound. As my colleague Alana Semuels noted in January, states that ended the agency-fee system through legislative action saw declines in union membership, including in former labor strongholds like Michigan and Wisconsin. More than one-third of U.S. public-sector employees belong to a union.
Local woman paving the way for female sumo wrestlers
Share This
IDAHO FALLS — Rigby native Natalie Burns is a female athlete who's trying to inspire other women in a non-traditional way — through slapping, pushing and her signature muwashi belt.
Burns competes in a heavy-duty sport few women ever consider. She's a heavyweight female sumo wrestler. Don't take the term heavyweight too literally though, Burns is very physically fit.
“I feel good about it. I feel like I'm recognized, and it's a legal way to get in a fight with somebody without going to jail,” Burns said.
To her sumo wrestling is a hobby, but anyone that has seen her in action knows she isn't one to mess with. Burns has worked hard learning how to brawl and win. Since attending her first match in 2003, she's won a number of gold medals.
“I'm kind of paving the way for women, I like to inspire people,” she said.
Natalie Burns (right) at the U.S. 2016 Sumo Nationals. | Courtesy photo
Many of those awards and medals are displayed at North Hi-Way Cafe in Idaho Falls, where Burns work as a waitress.
“We are very, very proud of Natalie,” North Hi-Way Cafe owner Roxanne Smith said.
Burns' goal as an athlete is to show all women they can be athletic, no matter what their body type or emotional makeup.
“I want to let everybody know that no matter what size you are you can be an athlete. You can use yourself and be beautiful and be mean and get your aggressions out legally,” Burns said.
After grappling in a national competition last week she now holds the USA Sumo 2016 championship title for female wrestlers in the open weight division. This qualifies her to compete in the world championships and the world games.
The professional sumo wrestling circuits don't recognize females in the sport, Burns said. But she is very active in the amateur league, competing nationally and internationally.
“It is an amateur sport for America and (many) countries other than Japan, (although,) Japan (also) has an amateur team,” she said. “In traditional sumo, women aren't recognized at all.”
Burns' sumo wrestling photos, medals, and flyers. | Courtesy photo
Burns said the local sumo wrestling scene, which was once very active in eastern Idaho, has dried up. As a result she has no one to practice her sumo maneuvers with.
“I have a lot of girlfriends, but they're all scared I'm going to hurt them, but I'm not going to, because it's just practice,” Burns said.
Since she doesn't have anyone to train with, she's learned to improvise and remain dedicated to her sport.
“When there ain't nobody to sumo, I sumo with a tree. I've been charging at a tree or slapping a tree. (I'm) not going to obviously pick it up and move it, but if (I) could well that'd be awesome,” she said.
Burns focuses all of her energy on hitting the tree to try to get it to budge.
“I try to hit it as hard as I can to see if I'm going to be able to move it or how powerful I am when I first blast something,” she said. “It hasn't really given me any feedback (and) it doesn't hit back, but it's a start.”
Burns doesn't see herself doing sumo into her elderly years, but she plans to enjoy it for as long as possible.
“I want to win at least one tournament on the international level,” she said.
Burns' next big match is the 2016 U.S. Sumo Open in Long Beach California and she's confident she will bring home a gold.
Human Rights Watch report says government targets internet commentators and journalists to try and crush talk of reforms
Saudi Arabia is trying to silence calls for reform and criticism of its rulers by a campaign of intimidation and arrests against online activists, according to a report by Human Rights Watch.
Since the start of the Arab spring in early 2011 the Saudi authorities have "redoubled" a crackdown against online criticism, the report says.
Focusing on the plight of 11 activists, it found that those who post criticism online or try to encourage political participation face travel bans, termination of their employment, smear campaigns and arrest.
Those featured in the report included the women's right campaigner Samar Badawi who was jailed for speaking out against repressive male guardianship laws after suffering abuse from her father. She was released from jail in April 2011 after a high-profile Twitter campaign for her freedom.
"Social media sites are one of the few places where Saudis can vent their anger, to say 'we have rights'," she told the researchers.
The report also profiled journalist and rights campaigner Mikhlif al-Shammari, who has been arrested three times since 2007 on the basis of his writing alone. He said the Saudi authorities were trying to stifle a growing awareness of human rights being disseminated through sites such as Facebook and Twitter.
"Social media activity scares the Saudi authorities," said the report's author Adam Coogle. "We are starting to see over the previous year and a half an increased crackdown on online activities. Activists have been investigated, threatened put on trial and convicted based in part on things they have posted on social media networks."
The report urges Saudi Arabia to end criminalisation of free expression and demands its allies, including Britain, publicly call on the Saudi authorities to stop the arrest and trial of peaceful activists.
Coogle added: "The Saudi authorities think that by arresting the most prominent activists for their social media activism and human rights activism in general, that they can intimidate everybody else into silence, but really the cat is out of the bag.
"People are talking on social networks now, that are expressing their views and there is really nothing the Saudi authorities are going to be able to do to shut this down."
• This headline of this article was amended on 18 December 2013. An earlier version incorrectly referred to beatings.
Image caption The Forestry Commission has 150,000 hectares of land in England
A majority of the public opposes plans to sell some of England's forests, a survey suggests.
Three-quarters of the 2,000 polled by YouGov for the 38 Degrees pressure group said they were against the plans.
Ministers want to transfer power from the Forestry Commission, which owns 18% of woodlands, to the private sector, saying this will boost public control.
A public consultation begins next week and a bill to enable the sale is due to go before the House of Lords.
Earlier this month, hundreds of people gathered in the Forest of Dean in Gloucestershire to protest about the possible sale of parts of the public woodland.
David Babbs, executive director of 38 Degrees, which commissioned the poll, said the results were evidence that most English people want woodlands protected for future generations and for wildlife.
He said a government consultation over the 150,000 hectares of land - which is due to set out the government's preferred options for the future of the nation's woodlands next week - was "asking the wrong question".
We are committed to shifting the balance of power from big government to big society by giving individuals, businesses, civil society organisations and local authorities a much bigger role in enhancing the natural environment Department for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs (Defra)
"They are asking us how the forests should be privatised. But most of us don't want our forests privatised at all."
More than 160,000 people have signed an online petition opposing any Forestry sell-off, he added.
"More people visit our woodlands each year than visit the English seaside.
"These are national treasures and we are very worried that if our public woodlands are broken up and privatised, that would mean a significant reduction in both public access to the woodland and in the standards of care for the woodland wildlife that lives here."
Joe Twyman of YouGov said three-quarters of the 2,000 people polled online opposed the plans, while 84% agreed with the principle that forests should stay in public ownership.
"We have very high figures supporting the status quo, there really is among the general public no desire for change," he said.
But Sue Holden of the Woodland Trust said public/private ownership was not the key issue because some owners would be sympathetic.
"We want to see enhanced protection for all woods before selling off starts and some of the capital made from sales of these forests returned for public good," she added.
In October, the Department for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs said its plans were a "new approach to ownership and management of woodlands and forests, with a reducing role for the state and a growing role for the private sector and civil society".
It said it envisaged "a managed programme of reform to further develop a competitive, thriving and resilient forestry sector that includes many sustainably-managed woods", adding that it was committed to biodiversity and other public benefits.
BBC News website readers have been sending in their reaction to this story. Here is a selection of your comments.
I live in Kent, which together with Surrey and Sussex, is one of the the most wooded counties in England Forestry Commission land. It is a key resource for leisure activities from Bedgebury to Kings Wood. These sites are well used by local people, the woodlands are sympathetically managed for wildlife and conservation of key species which includes co-ordinated management and felling. No way should this be split up and sold to the highest bidder. These woods, forests and plantations belong to the people of Britain. David Terry, Canterbury, Kent
Woodland does not 'belong' to people. We are stewards who safeguard it for the benefit of all creatures. The idea of our remaining precious public access woodland being sold off to the super rich to barr families who enjoy being in the woods is totally unthinkable. This government is taking reckless, far-reaching decisions, which will impact on many generations to come. Once the woodland is sold off that's it - there is no going back. Martin Holme, Ashford, Kent
I live in the Forest of Dean and am a member of the board of the local strategic partnership. We have an excellent working relationship with the local head of the Forestry Commission who has his office in the Forest of Dean. He and his predecessor have managed the forest extremely well as a managed and sustainable resource, a haven for wildlife and as an excellent leisure facility for locals and visitors alike. The local feeling is very strongly anti any change in ownership or management, on the basis of 'if it ain't broke, don't fix it'. We welcome the national support this has attracted and look forward to keeping our forest the way it is, for future generations. Frank Baynham, Coalway, Gloucestershire
I am devastated at the proposal to sell off our woods. I have just been reading about the various killer diseases that are now in the UK killing off our beloved oaks and horse chestnuts, among others and this is the last straw. It must be stopped. Trees have never needed more help. Carolyn Greenaway, Hove, East Sussex
I get what the government is trying to do - at least what they say they are trying to do - by selling this land for private ownership. They think that if the land is owned then it will be protected and respected more because the general population needs the concept of private ownership to care about the environment. At least that's the idea they're hiding behind but according to this survey, most people don't think privatisation should happen. So if that is the situation with public opinion where is the need to resort to this half measure? It looks like the public are ready to value the environment for what it is regardless of private ownership, so why does it need to leave the care of the Forestry Commission? Debbie, Peterborough, Cambridgeshire
Why are the public wary of the privatisation of national forests, because privatisation invariably means exploitation and development. The British public have not done well in recent years from privatisation of what we thought were national assets, energy or water. We cannot again be a secondary consideration to shareholders and large profits and salaries. So please leave these national assets for our descendents to enjoy in perpetuity. John Strouden, Bournemouth, Dorset
I live in the Royal Forest of Dean. I walk it every day and although I have a number of issues with the way it is presently managed it would not help to sell it to people who only wish to make a profit from it and take no notice of the needs of the local people. The Tories are selling what they can as they did with the railways. Will they never consider the people who elected them? Leslie Henson, Cinderford, Gloucestershire
It has taken years of campaigning by small groups to open up public access to forest and heathland in the UK. Now this government wishes to sell off my property, against my wishes. In my experience, private owners of woodland take every effort to exclude the public, even bodies such as the National Trust and RSPB. If there is a problem with profitability of national woodlands, the answer lays in sacking the management, not in selling the silver. Barry, Havant, Hampshire
A team of art-loving astronomers from Texas State University has worked out the precise moment depicted in one of the best-known works by French impressionist master Claude Monet.
"We like to use astronomy to show students how science can solve real-world puzzles," physics professor Donald Olson told Britain's Daily Telegraph. The puzzle in question centered around Monet's "The Cliff, Etretat: Sunset," which depicts a rock formation known as the Falaise d'Aval on the coast of Normandy. The painting, one of dozens crafted by the artist during a three-week visit to Normandy in the winter of 1883, is the only one of the set to show the sun.
Taking that as their starting point, Olson's team got to work. With the help of a topographic map and postcard-sized copies of the Normandy paintings, they worked out the exact location Monet stood when painting "The Cliff." The researchers then used planetarium software to calculate when the sun would have set along the path depicted in the painting.
To double-check their answer, the team cross-referenced letters written by Monet during the period in question, as well as weather records and tide tables. By process of elimination, the team discovered that the only day Monet was in the right place, with clear weather and the tide matching the depiction in the painting, was February 5, 1883.
To nail down the exact time, the researchers used the height of the rock formation to calculate the altitude of the sun above the horizon and determine the time with a margin of error of plus-or-minus one minute.
So, if you ever go to the North Carolina Museum of Art in Raleigh to see "The Cliff, Etretat: Sunset," you now know it depicts 4:53 p.m. on the afternoon of February 5, 1883.
Click for more from The Daily Telegraph
Click for more from The Daily Mail
Read more: Dramatic scenes as Archbishops wash abuse victim's feet - SEE POLL
The Archdiocese of Philadelphia has suspended 21 priests following accusations of sexual abuse and inappropriate behavior with minors. This is the largest suspension taken by the Roman Catholic Church in its history, the President of BishopAccountability.org told “The New York Times.”
This action follows a damning grand jury report issued on February 10. It accused the archdiocese of a massive cover-up stretching over decades. The report said as many as 37 priests remained active in the community despite the serious accusations against them.
As of now 21 of these 37 priests have been suspended, and three have been placed on administrative leave. Five others would also have been suspended, but the archdiocese said three of them were no longer active and the other two no longer served in the archdiocese.
A statement issued by the archdiocese said the accusations ranged from "sexual abuse of a minor to boundary issues with minors.” It did not name the 21 priests who were suspended.
Initially Cardinal Justin Rigali denied there were any active priests in the archdiocese "who have an admitted or established allegation of sexual abuse of a minor against them.”
Just days later he placed three of the priests on leave. The statement released on Tuesday did not explain why he was initially so sure about their innocence, or why they had not been suspended earlier.
Leonard Norman Primiano, a Roman Catholic and chairman of the religious studies department at Cabrini College in nearby Radnor, Pennsylvania, called the suspensions "astonishing.”
Rigali apologized for the behavior of the offending priests. "I am truly sorry for the harm done to the victims of sexual abuse, as well as to the members of our community who suffer as a result of this great evil and crime,” he said.
The priests who have been suspended cannot celebrate Mass, wear collars or hear confessions. They were given just a few hours to leave their parishes.
Once their identities become public, it is believed that there could be a dam-breaking effect, just like Boston in 2002, when the initial reports lead to further sexual-abuse claims.
Since the grand jury filed the report two more people have file complaints. Lawyer Jeff Anderson, who represents these two people, said he had received dozens of calls from others.
He said, "We're approaching this with a new vigor. Like Boston, this is a watershed moment, where all of a sudden the secrets are no longer kept and permission is given to break the silence to this whole survivors' community.”
The Catholic Church could face a payout of millions of dollars in settlements if the complaints are upheld. Membership and parochial school enrollment in the church have declined.
Last week the archdiocese announced that it was closing seven schools in June. Forty schools in Philadelphia have been closed since 2006.
Read more: Dramatic scenes as Archbishops wash abuse victim's feet - SEE POLL
This is how the Internet is supposed to work.
Arsalan Iftikhar, senior editor at The Islamic Monthly and founder of TheMuslimGuy.com, posted a picture to his Twitter and Facebook wall of a defaced subway advertisement for Gap featuring Sikh actor and jewelry designer Waris Ahluwalia. The caption had been changed from "Make Love" to "Make Bombs," and the writer had also scrawled "Please stop driving TAXIS" onto the poster.
He told The Huffington Post, "When I first saw my Facebook friend's photo of this GAP subway advertisement defaced by vandals with racist messages, I wanted the world to see how millions of brown people are viewed in America today."
The next day, Gap tweeted back at Iftikhar to find out the location of the ad, which is part of its holiday "#MakeLove" campaign featuring a wide variety of diverse models.
But that wasn't all. The company proceeded to change its Twitter background to the picture of Ahluwalia, to show solidarity and support.
Their action was applauded by Sikhs and Muslims alike, as Iftikhar shared their incredible and speedy response.
Some members of the Sikh community have started a "Thank you, Gap" campaign in order to show their appreciation for the inclusion of a Sikh model. A letter to the company says, "By placing a Sikh model in prominent locations on billboards, direct mail advertising and digital channels, you have raised the profile of Sikhs in ways the community couldn't have accomplished with its limited resources. The community has tremendously benefitted from the attention it has received through Gap's marketing campaign."
Ahluwalia is certainly an inspiration to Sikhs and non-Sikhs of all ages, as one can see in this adorable picture that he shared on his Facebook page. The importance of relatable role models in media can't be underestimated.
Waris Ahluwalia has landed on multiple best-dressed lists and is a regular in art and fashion circles.
Iftikhar told The Daily Mail, "This whole story just proves that we do not live in a post-racial America yet when South Asians and those perceived to be Muslims cannot even grace fashion advertisements without racial epithets being directed their way."
Predicting the Tides
Knowing when and how much the tides will rise and fall each day is important to beachcombers, mariners, fishermen, and the people who operate seaside industrial and commercial facilities. Miscalculating the arrival and size of the tides can have expensive, even deadly, consequences.
Predicting the tides is complicated because the tides are affected by many factors. In this activity, you'll have a chance to consider some of the most important and universal influences, those due to the movements of the sun, the moon, and the earth. In reality, a number of local and transient factors, such as the shape of the coastline, the flow of currents, and the weather, must also be taken into account.
Instructions: Observe the relationship between the lunar day and the time, then answer the questions below.
Over the course of what is called a lunar day, a spot on earth that is directly beneath the moon rotates once until the moon is again exactly overhead. Because the earth spins in the same direction that the moon orbits the planet, the cycle is slightly longer than a regular day -- it takes 24 hours and 50 minutes.
How much time passes between one high tide and the next?
The tides are caused mainly by the gravitational attraction between the moon and the earth, so the spacing between tides will depend on the length of the lunar day. Since the lunar day is 24 hours and 50 minutes long and the earth rotates through two tidal bulges in that time, high tides will be spaced 12 hours and 25 minutes apart.
How much time passes between low tide and the next high tide?
High tides are 12 hours and 25 minutes apart and are separated by a low tide. So low tide must come 6 hours and 12.5 minutes after one high tide and before the next.
Position of the Sun and Moon
The height of the tides varies over the course of a month. The highest highs and lowest lows, called spring tides, occur when the moon and the sun are aligned. Moderate highs and lows, called neap tides, happen when the sun and the moon are at 90° to one another.
Explain how spring and neap tides are created.
The tides are created by the pull of the moon and the sun. When those bodies are aligned with one another, their gravitational forces act in the same direction and reinforce one another, creating the maximum possible tidal bulges, called the spring tides. When the sun and moon are at 90o from one another, relative to Earth, their tidal forces are also pulling in different directions, so the neap tides are minimized.
How many spring and neap tides occur each month? Why?
There are 2 spring and 2 neap tides each month. The moon rotates around the earth once in a month, so in that time it will be aligned with the sun twice, and at 90° to the sun twice.
Orbital Shape
Why does the distance from the earth to the moon or the sun affect the tides?
The tide generating force depends on the mass of an object and its distance. As the distance between the earth and the moon or sun changes, the tidal force all produces will vary.
When will lunar tides be higher, at perigee or apogee? How often does each occur?
The lunar tides will be highest when the moon is closest to the earth, a point in the moon's orbit that is called perigee. It takes the moon a month to complete an orbit, so perigee will happen about once a month.
When will solar tides be higher, at perihelion or aphelion? How often does each occur?
The solar tides will be highest when the sun is closest to the earth, a point in the earth's orbit that is called perihelion. It takes the earth a year to complete an orbit around the sun, so perihelion will happen once a year.
Be the Captain
Click the image above to test different scenarios of time of year, moon phase, and orbital phase, to see which tidal levels permit safe travel. Then answer the following questions:
Describe the conditions that made a safe trip possible.
Tidal ranges are greatest (higher high and lower lows) when the gravitational forces of the sun and moon are at their maximum and working in the same direction. This will happen when the sun is at its closest point to earth (during perihelion in early January) and so is the moon (at perigee), and when the two are in a line with Earth (during the full and new moons).
Your sister ship will have to wait to make the same attempt until you unload your cargo and clear the dock. If you leave on a high tide that crests at noon, when should your fellow captain make his move?
If the dock becomes clear at noon, the subsequent low tide will follow 6 hours and 12.5 minutes later. So the other captain should try to pass under the bridge just after 6 p.m.
Related Links
Hours before dawn on December 30, 2014, gunfire erupted near the presidential palace in Banjul, the capital of The Gambia. For 20 years, the tiny West African country had been ruled by His Excellency Sheikh Professor Alhaji Dr. Yahya Abdul-Azziz Jemus Junkung Jammeh , a portly strongman who came to power in a bloodless military coup. Now, a small group of conspirators—mostly former soldiers—were poised to launch a coup of their own.
Their original plan was to ambush the presidential motorcade. But the plotters learned that Jammeh was abroad (perhaps in Paris, but possibly in Dubai—no official explanation was given). The would-be putschists quickly hatched a new plan: fire their weapons at the State House, wait for the palace guard to surrender or flee, then walk in and take the reins of power.
Things quickly went awry for the conspirators. Rather than surrender or flee, the security forces returned fire, killing one of the plot leaders, retired Lieutenant Colonel Lamin Sanneh —a former State Guards commander and U.S. National Defense University graduate who also attended the Royal Military Academy at Sandhurst. Four of the coup plotters escaped to neighboring Guinea-Bissau while two others made it across the border into Senegal, where they sought refuge in the U.S. embassy. These latter two men, Cherno Njie and Papa Faal, were American citizens of Gambian dissent. Both had an unwelcome surprise waiting for them when they returned to the United States a few days later—federal agents had warrants for their arrest.
According to the criminal complaint filed in a Minnesota federal court, Njie and Faal conspired to violate the Neutrality Act of 1794, which outlaws “any [private] military or naval expedition or enterprise” directed against “the territory or dominion of any foreign prince or state . . .with whom the United States is at peace.” In 1981, prosecutors used the law against a band of Louisiana-based white supremacists planning to overthrow the Caribbean island nation of Dominica—the so-called Bayou of Pigs case. In 2007, the government accused an exiled Hmong leader of plotting to overthrow the communist regime in Laos (the Justice Department dropped the charges in 2009).
The conspiracy Njie and Faal stand accused of seems straight out of the pages of a Frederick Forsyth thriller. (Another murky coup plot in a different African country—the improbable “ Wonga Coup” of 2004, which was aimed at overthrowing Equitorial Guinea's tyrannical regime—was inspired by Forsyth's classic, The Dogs of War .)
According to the criminal complaint, 57-year-old Njie, a respected Austin, Texas real-estate developer and life-long Republican (code name “Dave”) allegedly bankrolled the operation and aspired to serve as the post-coup “ interim leader ” of The Gambia. Faal, a 46-year-old U.S. Army veteran (code name “Fox”), was recruited into the conspiracy by Njie, according to the FBI. The two men, according to press reports, were motivated by a burning passion to remove Jammeh from power and restore The Gambia to democracy. In the words of one Gambian activist, Njie and Faal were driven to act by “the tyranny and barbarism that we have endured for these past 20 years . . . Everybody has a breaking point.”
Before Jammeh, The Gambia had enjoyed nearly three decades of post-independence democracy. The country was Britain's first and last West African colony—a remote imperial outpost whose colonial origins can be traced to 1618, when British slave traders built a fort at the mouth of the Gambia River. Roughly the size of New Jersey, and a population just under two million, The Gambia is a sliver of land thrust into Senegal, with 50 miles of attractive Atlantic oceanfront. Writing in 1944, a former governor of the British colony was neither the first nor the last observer to comment on “the absurdity of its geographical boundaries”—a “Gambian hot dog in the Senegalese roll,” as one American reporter put it somewhat crudely in the 1960s.
The Gambia dozed in relative tranquility until 1994, when a group of Gambian military officers led by Yayah Jammeh seized power. Although elected and re-elected four times since 1996, Jammeh is hardly a model democratic leader. A 2013 State Department human rights report highlighted major abuses in The Gambia, including “government harassment and abuse of its critics; and torture, arrest, detention, and sometimes enforced disappearance of citizens.”
Jammeh's rule has been simultaneously brutal, bizarre, and baroque. In the view of one foreign diplomat , Jammeh is “quite possibly the only head of state . . . Who is clinically insane.” Among Jammeh's milder eccentricities is his belief in herbal cures for HIV/AIDS and other serious illnesses. In 2009, the Gambian ruler—a modern-day witch hunter —had more than 1,000 purported “sorcerers” rounded up at gunpoint in 2009 and “ exorcised ” with force-fed hallucinogenic herbal concoctions.
More sinister still is his ferocious hatred of homosexuals. To be sure, other countries on the continent, like Uganda, have criminalized homosexual activity and persecuted gays and lesbians. But Jammeh's loathing for the LGBT community appears boundless. In a tirade before the Gambian parliament, he insisted that he has “never seen [a] homosexual chicken, or turkey” and observed his “buffalos from South Africa and Brazil . . . never date each other.”
In Jammeh's September 2013 appearance before the UN General Assembly, he denounced homosexuals as “very evil, anti-human.” In other rodomontades, the ruler ordered gay men and lesbians to leave the country or face beheading, and has vowed to “fight these vermins called homosexuals or gays the same way we are fighting malaria-causing mosquitoes.” Last October, Jammeh severely increased the legal sanctions on already illegal homosexual acts—including the possibility of life imprisonment in the case of “ aggravated homosexuality .”
Given his outré and inhumane views, bizarre utterances, and despotic rule, it is hardly surprising that Jammeh has earned the animosity of the Gambian diaspora, human rights activists, and Western governments. Jammeh has looted millions of dollars from one of the poorest countries in the world , whose tiny economy is dominated by European tourism, peanut exports, and international largesse. In standard dictator fashion, Jammeh has moved assets offshore—in his case, to Potomac, Maryland, a tony Washington suburb where he reportedly owns a multi-million dollar 8,000 square foot mansion .
As recently as last summer, Jammeh appeared to be a member of the international community in good standing. Unlike Robert Mugabe, his tyrannical colleague in Zimbabwe, and Sudan's Omar al-Bashir, Jammeh was invited to the Obama administration's U.S. Africa Leaders summit in Washington in August 2014. Passersby got a glimpse of what Gambians experience at home every day when Jammeh's henchmen assaulted human-rights protesters outside his hotel, the five-star Hay-Adams.
But The Gambia's new anti-gay legislation was the breaking point for the White House. As is the case for much of America's foreign assistance, it is difficult to determine precisely how much aid the Jammeh regime receives, although the limited information available suggests the amount is miniscule . Training support to the Gambian army and navy in fiscal year 2013 amounted to $257,293 . The U.S. government's leverage over Jammeh is therefore limited. Nonetheless, on Christmas Eve, the administration signaled its displeasure by dropping The Gambia from the African Growth and Opportunity Act, a trade preference program.
Roughly a week later, Jammeh fulminated against the United States and the UK, claiming that the events of December 30th were not a coup, but rather an act of terrorism carried out by shadowy neo-colonial forces . As with previous coup attempts—the most recent occurred in October 2013—the United States declared that it played no role. Indeed, the Justice Department moved swiftly against the two alleged U.S. conspirators.
In the New Year, Jammeh has acted in time-tested post-coup fashion. The National Intelligence Agency, the regime's feared internal-security organ, is on the hunt for disloyal elements and has rounded up dozens of civilians and military personnel . The December 2014 coup attempt—amateurish in its planning and execution—was probably destined to fail. Next time, however, Jammeh might not be so lucky.
William Rosenau is a senior research scientist in the Center for Strategic Studies, CNA Corporation, a nonprofit research organization in Arlington, Virginia.
Get the biggest daily news stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A new Twitter Alerts system to highlight critical information in emergency situations has been rolled out across the UK and Ireland.
Police forces, London Fire Brigade, the Foreign Office and the Environment Agency are just some of the 57 services to sign up to the new system.
These organisations will now be able to mark certain tweets as alerts, by putting an orange bell next to them to stand out to followers.
It is designed to deliver information quickly and effectively in times of natural disasters or other emergencies.
Users who sign up for an account's Twitter Alerts will also receive notifications via text, and smartphone users will get push notifications.
Commander David Martin, in charge of emergency planning for the Metropolitan Police Service, said: “Getting fast and accurate information to the public in a major incident or terrorist attack really could make a life-saving difference.
“Using social networking sites, including Twitter, gives us additional ways to talk directly to the public. Twitter Alerts means that our messages will stand out when it most matters.”
To subscribe, Twitter users should go to their chosen account's alert setup page at twitter.com/[username]/alerts.
Twitter Alerts launched with other participating organisations in the US, Japan and Korea.
These have already been used by international organisations to send out information during emergencies involving public safety, accessibility and bad weather.
John Curtin, Head of Incident Management at the Environment Agency said: “Digital communications is enhancing the way we share warning information during an incident. During an incident such as flooding, we see significant spikes in related conversation."
And Rita Dexter, Deputy Commissioner for the London Fire Brigade, said: “People act on information shared on social media. During a major incident accurate, verified and frequent updates are essential."
*To receive Twitter Alerts as push notifications, you must be using Twitter for iPhone version 5.10 or higher, and Twitter for Android 4.1.6 or higher.
Top Gear's executive producer Lisa Clark quit the show due to Chris Evans' tyrannical manner, it has been claimed.
The host, 49, is accused by fellow BBC employees of being a "control freak who thinks he can trample over everyone". His behaviour is understood to have contributed to Clark's decision to leave after just five months.
The revelations came as the BBC pushed the relaunch back a fortnight to May 22 and cut the new series to six episodes due to filming delays.
The corporation is eager to air the new Top Gear series before Euro 2016 and the Rio Olympics, and to avoid a clash later in the year with former host Jeremy Clarkson's new car show on Amazon Prime.
It is claimed that Clark, who had worked with Evans since The Big Breakfast in the 1990s, had warned Evans that filming was in danger of falling behind schedule.
"Evans didn't normally turn up to a lot of meetings, but at this one he said he had completed some footage with Jenson Button,” a source told The Sun.
"Lisa replied, 'Yes but we need to make more than 30 films. It's not enough'. He shot her a look for undermining him and she was soon gone."
Photo: i-Images
Another point of conflict​ is understood to be Clark's hiring of former Friends actor Matt LeBlanc as co-host, against Evans' wishes.
• Drone captures new Top Gear series filming muscle cars in Scotland
The source said: "It was Lisa who suggested Matt, but Evans' reply was, 'He's old hat, what do we want him for?'."
"It was Lisa who suggested Matt, but Evans' reply was, 'He's old hat, what do we want him for?'" A source
The show has been hit by a string of departures, including script editor Tom Ford and BBC2 controller Kim Shillinglaw.
The BBC declined to comment on Lisa Clark's resignation, but a spokesman said: “We never confirm scheduling details this far out and we won't be for Top Gear.
Photo: i-Images
"We've always said we were working towards a May transmission for Top Gear and further detail on the transmission date and series structure will follow nearer the time.”
• Jeremy Clarkson to pay damages and make public apology to former Top Gear producer Oisin Tymon
ILLUSTRATION BY JASON CROSBY Christian evangelical billionaire Phillip Anschutz, who runs the global sports and entertainment powerhouse AEG, is in talks to finance and operate a new Kings arena. Advertisement
From NBA fans to business elite to Mayor Kevin Johnson and even state Senate President Pro Tem Darrell Steinberg, fingers are crossed that global sports and entertainment powerhouse AEG will finance and operate a proposed new Kings arena in Sacramento. And why not? After all, AEG and owner Phillip Anschutz are big-time players who've been credited with single-handedly revitalizing downtown Los Angeles.
Sure, the multinational firm recently—some say brazenly—took a bite out of a 40-year-old California environmental-protection law. But the economy's boxed out, and Sacramento's leaders say AEG's arena involvement would be a slam-dunk win.
But it's uncertain if the city holds any bargaining chips with AEG, or if Anschutz's fouls are just too flagrant. The evangelical Christian billionaire was a major supporter of former President George W. Bush, funded Colorado's anti-gay-rights ballot measure, produced the film version of Ayn Rand's Atlas Shrugged, and spends hundreds of millions on the Foundation for a Better Life, a nonprofit group that runs right-wing public-service campaigns.
This past legislative session, AEG also flexed its brawn at the Capitol and ushered through two last-minute bills that some call “unconstitutional” and “AEG on steroids.”
Kathryn Phillips remembers when it all went down. The Sierra Club's California director was inside the Capitol on a Thursday in September, the penultimate day of this year's session, in a room full of environmentalists. Steinberg was set to introduce Assembly Bill 900, an eleventh-hour offering that would provide meaningful changes to the California Environmental Quality Act.
Actually, it was a bill very similar to Senate Bill 292, which exclusively granted AEG unique environmental streamlining for its proposed $1.2 billion NFL stadium, Farmers Field, in downtown Los Angeles.
But Steinberg was running late. In fact, he was around the corner at Mayor Kevin Johnson's Think Big Sacramento arena press conference, explaining how “in these extraordinary times” the state must “do everything possible to focus on job growth and economic development.”
Phillips and others say S.B. 292 and A.B. 900 do just this—and at the expense of the environment.
Specifically, L.A.-based state Sen. Alex Padilla's S.B. 292—everyone calls it “The AEG Bill”—gives the firm a special process for environmental review of its planned NFL stadium. The most contentious point is that it allows AEG to bypass the California Superior Court and bring all CEQA lawsuits and challenges in front of the court of appeals.
AEG argues that this is necessary to get the project done on time, avoid frivolous lawsuits and remain competitive in moving a team to Los Angeles. Sierra Club's Phillips says it severely compromises CEQA and the public's ability to enforce the state's environmental laws.
A.B. 900 takes “The AEG Bill” a step further, and gives Gov. Jerry Brown authority to select a couple of dozen $100 million, high-job-growth eco-friendly projects from an applicant pool for similar CEQA exemptions. The law also charges developers a fee to expedite a project's administrative record, most say this is good and allows the public a real-time peek at an environmental-impact report. The bill passed the Legislature, but its doubtful most lawmakers had time to read it.
“I don't think that bill was seen at all, in any draft form, more than 24 hours before the end of session,” said Planning and Conservation League director Bruce Reznick.
“And the more I learn about A.B. 900,” Phillips told SN&R, “the more I realize it has some major problems.”
Reznick also says the two bills “very possibly are unconstitutional,” because of the Legislature's infringement on the judicial process. The bills become law January 1, 2012, but so-called clean-up legislation won't be passed until next session.
Meanwhile, the governor's office will issue guidelines in the next month to clarify what projects will be eligible under A.B. 900. A Capitol source noted that it won't be big oil refineries or power plants, but instead clean-manufacturing facilities and renewable-energy projects, such as solar and wind projects.
And, yes, possibly even infill projects like the proposed Kings arena in Sacramento's downtown rail yards.
AEG and other Anschutz subsidiaries ramped up their political contributions in the past 10 years, giving more than $8,000 to Steinberg and $10,000 to Padilla, according to the Secretary of State's website. He has given more than a half-million dollars to California lawmakers and ballot measures since 2008.
Surely, it can afford the lobbying. AEG is the largest sports firm in the world. The company owns part of the Los Angeles Lakers—and the team's home court, the Staples Center—plus multiple soccer and hockey teams and arenas worldwide, including London, Turkey and China. AEG also puts on events—such as the world's largest festival, the Coachella Valley Music & Arts Festival—and is the second-biggest concert promoter in the world, after Live Nation.
Phillip Anschutz first became one of the 50 richest people in America off of land and oil. In addition to AEG, he also owns or partially owns Regal Cinemas, Union Pacific, Forest Oil and the Weekly Standard. The billionaire is a far-right conservative philanthropist, and as a political donor helped fund President Bush's election and Colorado's 1992 anti-gay constitutional amendment, which passed but was later overturned by the U.S. Supreme Court (he did not give in support of California's 2008 measure Proposition 8).
AEG and sister company AEG Live are privately held and apparently do quite well; it produced the top-grossing concert tour of 2010, Bon Jovi, with revenues of $201 million. AEG Live was supposed to produce Michael Jackson's 2009 London comeback shows and tour; Jackson's mother is now suing AEG for causing his death.
Here in Sacramento, the mayor, Think Big Sacramento co-chairman Steinberg and others are currently in talks with AEG to operate and be a lead investor in a proposed new sports and entertainment arena on the rail yard property near H and Fifth streets. AEG paid Kansas City more than $50 million in upfront construction costs to operate its Sprint Center for 35 years in 2005.
A new downtown arena would cost nearly $400 million to build, according to Think Big estimates, and would need the use of both public money and land. And maybe even A.B. 900.
Should Sacramento be wary of using taxpayer dollars to partner with AEG?
“Yes,” offered PCL director Reznick. “It's pretty brazen when folks come in and say, ‘My company doesn't have to comply with the law.'”
The company also has around $320 million in debt (as of June 30, 2017). Multiple private equity firms have volleyed ownership of the company in the last few years, and according to analyst reports, at least $100 million of cash was taken out of the company by its private equity owners. The IPO was launched in large part to help pay down the debt.
For Funko to succeed, the Everett, Washington company must convince investors of the validity of its operating principle that “almost everyone is a fan of something,” and its mission to create “products that enable fans to express their affinity for their favorite ‘something' — whether it is a movie, tv show, video game, musician or sports team.”
Funko's goal is to dominate the global licensed pop culture product industry, sitting within the entertainment and character products market, which generated $113 billion in total sales last year. Funko, for its part, generated $425 million in revenue in 2016, through a catalog of content licenses for over 1,000 properties, many of which are animated IPs.
Funko prides itself on its “fast fashion product development process” that allows it to quickly design, manufacture, and distribute toys to take advantage of pop culture fads. According to Funko's IPO prospectus:
Our flexible and low-fixed cost production model enables us to go from product design of a figure to the store shelf between 110 and 200 days and can have it on the shelf in as few as 70 days, with a minimal upfront investment for most figures of $5,000 to $7,500 in tooling, molds and internal design costs. Because of the strength of our in-house creative team, we are able to move from product design to pre-selling a new product in as few as 24 hours.
Funko employs 339 people in the United States, and 126 in the U.K. (following its acquisition of London-based Underground Toys). These numbers don't include the people who actually make the toys at third-party manufacturing vendors in countries like China, Vietnam, and Mexico.
More than 130 Boeing jetliners whose engines face the risk of icing up in rare conditions can continue flying long transcontinental flights until early 2011, the Federal Aviation Administration announced last week in a move that rejected the warnings of safety experts and pilots.
Two suspect parts in the Rolls-Royce engine used by the Boeing 777 airliners will be replaced in 2011. Federal regulators said the interim safety measures for the planes were sufficient to prevent mishaps, such as midair engine shutdowns or emergency descents, according to a Wall Street Journal report ($) Monday.
The National Transportation Safety Board had previously urged the FAA to speed up the parts replacement in at least one of the planes' two engines. The Air Line Pilots Association separately advised quicker action.
Limited availability of parts is one reason for the later deadline, industry sources told the Journal.
According to the report, ice-induced shutdowns are rare - only three reported incidents over millions of flights. One such instance occurred when a British Airways flight at London's Heathrow Airport in January 2008, injuring 13 people.
The interim safety measures are all operational, meaning pilots must take certain precautions to prevent ice-buildup, which can occur during long cruise periods at high altitudes over polar regions.
Boeing and Rolls-Royce have said they are further studying the icing problem. American Airlines, which uses the Boeing 777 said it will try to complete the replacements as soon as possible.
LAKE PLACID, N.Y. -- Auston Matthews is a tremendous example of the spread of hockey to non-traditional markets.
Matthews grew up in Scottsdale, Ariz., but during the USA Hockey National Junior Evaluation Camp this week, the 16-year-old forward is proving to be just as good, if not better, than players who grew up in more traditional hockey climates. He's also staking his claim to a roster spot for the United States at the 2015 IIHF World Junior Championship.
"We're seeing a wonderful hockey player," said Jim Johansson, assistant executive director of hockey operations for USA Hockey and the general manager of the United States for the 2015 World Junior Championship. "Sturdiness, skating ability, compete level all have been excellent. I think the interesting part for us is it's a lot of hockey in a short time and yet to me it looks like he's, if not getting stronger, he's right on par with what the start of this camp was. Guys get worn down in this camp and that's part of it. I think what you're seeing is a very talented hockey player."
Matthews, a 6-foot, 197-pound center who is eligible for the 2016 NHL Draft, has dazzled through the first four days, scoring two goals in three games and surviving the first round of roster cuts. The coaching staff showed so much faith in Matthews that he was sent out to take an offensive-zone faceoff with 15 seconds left and the U.S. down by a goal against Finland on Monday.
J.T. Compher, at 19 one of the veterans on the team, is a natural center and also was on the ice for that late faceoff Monday. But he had no problem deferring to Matthews.
"When I was on his wing he said do you want to take draws, and I said you're the center, you're the one who has to take the draws, you're the one who has to step up and he did a great job the last couple days," Compher said. "He's been great. As the week has gone on he's gotten a lot more confident. It's tough when you're the young guy and you come in, you don't want to step on anyone's toes. But you have to go out there, you have to play the way you play, that's why they invited you. He's a really good kid, and you can see it on the ice that he's a heck of a player already."
His experience this week has been just another step in the rapid ascent Matthews has made in the hockey community. And it all started thanks to the Arizona Coyotes.
"My uncle had season tickets to the Coyotes games when I was 2 and 3, and he'd take me and my dad all the time," Matthews said.
It didn't take him long to go from being a spectator to being a participant.
"I remember the first time I skated, I fell in love with it," Matthews said. "I was about 4, I think, the first time I skated, and the next couple weeks my parents signed me up [for hockey]."
Matthews excelled with the local house leagues and caught the attention of the United States National Team Development Program. He was invited to attend a tryout camp for the under-17 team; it was a big jump going from the Arizona Bobcats bantam team to going against the best of the best in the United States in his age group, but he excelled and made it.
"It was different," Matthews said. "A lot of players I didn't know. I think I knew a couple guys because I played with them before, but a lot of East Coast guys that I didn't know. I didn't know what to expect but it was a great experience."
Moving from the desert to the colder climates of Ann Arbor, Mich., was a bit of an adjustment, and not just because Matthews had to wear a winter coat for the first time. He was living away from home for the first time, and then in his second game a knee-on-knee hit left him with a broken femur in his left leg. He was sidelined for three months, but more than made up for the lost time when he got healthy.
In 24 games with the USNTDP under-17 team he had 12 goals and 33 points. That earned him time with the under-18 team, and he continued to excel with 12 goals and 18 points in 20 games.
The 2014 IIHF World Under-18 Championship was his real coming-out party. He tied Jack Eichel for the team lead with five goals and was third on the team with seven points in seven games to help the United States win the gold medal in Finland.
"I was just hoping to play well and hope we could just keep winning," Matthews said. "That [his success] was kind of a little icing on the cake. That was a great experience. The team played unbelievable."
After his strong turn here, Matthews will return to Ann Arbor for full season with the USNTDP U-18 team, and then a future that could include college hockey or the Western Hockey League, with the Everett Silvertips owning his rights. Matthews said he's started looking at colleges and has spoken with Everett general manager Gary Davidson, but said he's not ready to make any decisions beyond this season.
"I'm just taking my time right now," he said. "Just focus on the season and what comes after that I don't really know yet. I'm just taking my time."
What's in the present is having a strong start to a full season with the USNTDP U-18 team and hopefully earning a spot on the team that goes to Montreal and Toronto for the World Juniors.
"It definitely would be surreal," Matthews said. "Canada takes the tournament so seriously, there's so many people, such high expectations. It would be a blast. It would be a huge honor. The top 22 guys are going over there."
And there won't be much surprise if the kid from Arizona is one of 22.
"After seeing what happened last year, this is a guy that had a bad injury at the start of last year and steadily grew," Johansson said. "The skating, the explosiveness, to compete level, it's everything he built on last year. We thought he'd bring it here and he has."
---
A 14-year-old cheerleader was fatally shot in her southeast Texas bedroom last week by a 19-year-old man she thought was 16, police said. The two, who police say may have been romantically involved, had planned to get together the day she was found with two gunshot wounds to the head.
Tristan Dilley, who was a cheerleader at Silsbee High School, was found lying facedown Oct. 1 in her bed in Buna, two days before her 15th birthday, The Beaumont Enterprise reported.
Tristan stayed home while her family went shopping, and when they returned her 13-year-old brother discovered her dead with two gunshot wounds to the head, Jasper County Sheriff Mitchel Newman told the newspaper.
There was no evidence of a struggle or forced entry.
Tristan met Paul Audrey Adams, 19 of Vido through a relative who later told Adams to leave the girl alone because he was too old for her, the newspaper reported.
Bruce Beresford-Redman is a successful reality TV show producer, and his wife, Monica, owned a popular Brazilian nightclub and restaurant on the Westside. Bruce Beresford-Redman is a successful reality TV show producer, and his wife, Monica, owned a popular Brazilian nightclub and restaurant on the Westside.
Over the weekend, the couple left Los Angeles for a trip to Cancun. Family members said they were trying to repair a marriage that had been fraying in recent months.
Then on Tuesday, Beresford-Redman reported his wife missing. He and Mexican authorities launched a search. On Wednesday night, he was optimistic in an interview with a Los Angeles television station. "I'm very hopeful someone will find my wife very soon,” he told KCAL-TV Channel 9. “She still hasn't been located and we're looking.”
On Thursday, police found her body in a sewer at the resort where they were staying. Mexican prosecutors said she appeared to have been strangled.
Beresford-Redman has been detained for questioning and is a suspect, authorities say.
Microsoft has launched a programme aimed at stemming the growing Linux tide on ultra low-cost PCs, but has some rather onerous terms if manufacturers want to play.According to an article written by an IDG writer and published over at PC World , the software giant is so worried by the rapid growth in commercial Linux distribution caused by the boom in low-cost laptop devices like the Asus Eee PC that it is willing to offer cut-price copies of Windows XP Home Edition to manufacturers that may otherwise have bundled the open-source OS on their gadgets.In order to prevent sales of the'll-be-killing-it-any-day-now-honest last-generation XP operating system cutting in to the Windows Vista cash-cow, Microsoft will only allow ULPC vendors to bundle XP if they agree to a certain limitation on the hardware side of things: the screen has to be 10.2” or smaller, the device is limited to 1GB of RAM and a single-core processor of 1GHz or less, the hard drive – whether mechanical or solid-state – has to store under 80GB, and there's no sneaking a touch-screen on the device either.It's clear from the restrictions that Microsoft is concerned about sales of low-cost hardware running Window XP slowing uptake of its new Vista operating system, and that the restrictions are in place to prevent a switched-on company from offering full-scale laptops supplied with XP – the OS that wouldn't die – to home users who aren't ready for the move to Vista quite yet.An un-named Microsoft official quoted in the original article claims that manufacturers currently offering Linux on their low-cost devices “At the risk of turning this article into a “woo, desktop Linux is on its way!” piece, it's hard to interpret Microsoft's move as anything other than a panicked attempt to prevent the open-source operating system from stealing any more ground in a market the company barely knew existed. While Linux may have a way to go before it'sready for mainstream use as the primary desktop OS for most, it's clearly at the point where it's more than adequate for a second computer – and that little fact clearly has Microsoft worried.If given the option, what would you buy: a Windows XP ULPC, knowing that the hardware has been deliberately limited in order to appease the guys in Redmond; or a Linux-based unit, which is only limited by the budgetary constraints of its makers but that might take someone used to Windows a little while to get used to? Share your thoughts over in the forums
An ethics watchdog group wants Congress to investigate a government agency's handling of President Trump's luxury Washington hotel.
Citizens for Responsibility and Ethics in Washington says the General Services Administration was wrong to sign off on Trump's lease for the hotel. The federal government owns the building, known as the Old Post Office.
A clause in the lease says no elected official can be a party to it -- suggesting that Trump was in breach the moment he was sworn in.
But the GSA said last month that it was comfortable with the lease because Trump's financial trusts, and a separate account set up to collect the hotel's profits, are structured to ensure he will not get any money from the hotel while he is in office.
The ethics watchdog group says the money benefits Trump, even if it's in a separate account while he serves as president.
"We see a continuing pattern of abuses related to the Trump International Hotel, and it's important to keep a spotlight on the potential for abuse and corruption there," said CREW executive director Noah Bookbinder.
CREW wants the Senate Committee on Environment and Public Works to investigate GSA's handling of the lease.
The office of Senator John Barrasso of Wyoming, the Republican chairman, didn't immediately respond to an email seeking comment.
The top Democrat, Senator Tom Carper of Delaware, said he supports an investigation. He said the GSA was "entirely unable to justify its determination to me and my staff on multiple occasions."
Related: Government says Trump hotel lease is OK, despite ethics concerns
CREW also points out that Trump isn't doing anything to hide his ownership of the hotel -- "particularly with his name emblazoned in gold letters above the hotel entrances." It cites reports that Trump and members of his cabinet have stayed or dined there, adding to the hotel's prestige.
Lawmakers are facing daily revelations about the administration's potential conflicts of interests and lack of transparency, and the Washington hotel has been a focal point.
House Democrats have been vocal about trying to hold the administration accountable, but they need Republican support to launch investigations.
Bookbinder told CNNMoney that Republicans, who control both houses of Congress, have been largely silent. But he said they haven't supported the White House's approach to resolving conflicts, either.
Last week, for example, the top Republican and Democrat on the House Oversight Committee sent a letter to Trump's lawyer asking for information on how the Trump Organization plans to donate hotel profits from foreign governments to the U.S. Treasury.
"We've heard from concerned lawmakers, and given the constant revelations of serious ethics problems, we think it's getting harder for any member of Congress with oversight responsibilities to ignore major issues like this one," Bookbinder said.
UPDATE 07/12/2015 8.03pm: Sega has clarified that Yakuza 0 is only confirmed for a North American release in the west.
"Right now, we're only confirming for NA," a Sega representative told Eurogamer. "The 'NA&EU' endslate was from an incorrect version of the trailer."
Of course this doesn't mean Yakuza 0 won't come to Europe, but rather it's just not confirmed yet. So keep those fingers crossed!
UPDATE 05/12/2015 8.41pm: Yakuza 0 may not be coming to Europe after all. Or at least it doesn't have a confirmed release.
"We know the Yakuza series is loved by all its fans in Europe but unfortunately at this time we're not able to confirm a Yakuza 0 EU release," Sega stated on Twitter.
This is odd as the trailer ended with the following image stating that it would come to Europe:
We've asked Sega for clarification and will update once we know more.
ORIGINAL STORY 05/12/2015 7.03pm: Sony just confirmed a couple of Yakuza-related newsbites - firstly, that PlayStation 3 entry Yakuza 5 would launch in the West next Tuesday, 8th December.
It's been a long, three year wait since the game originally launched in Japan, but all DLC will be included.
Yakuza 0, the PS4 entry set in 1988, has also been confirmed as coming Westwards. No release date for that yet, but here's a shiny trailer:
Another week, another deluge of Jimmy Butler questions. Let's switch it up this time and do the non-Jimmy Butler edition of a Bulls mailbag.
What's the likelihood that the Bulls give Dwyane Wade a role with the second unit if he decides to stay? — @Elgirrl
This, to me, is one of the biggest storylines heading into training camp if Wade, as expected, picks up his $23.8 player option to return next season. It's why Wade fielded a question on this very subject the day after the Bulls were eliminated from the playoffs and he gave reporters a 15-minute session following his exit meeting.
Here's Wade's answer from that day: "I'm an open-minded person. I'm always open to a lot of things. That's never been presented to me. I've never had that. But I will never be a person that says, 'Oh, never.' If it's the right situation, you do what's best for the team and yourself."
Wade turns 36 next January. He averaged a career-low 29.9 minutes last season, which followed his career-low of 30.5 minutes the previous season, his final with the Heat. He often served as the anchor for the second group in his second-quarter rotational turn. If Wade opts in and the Bulls decide this is the best role for him, how Fred Hoiberg handles it will be intriguing. Hoiberg surely has learned from botching Joakim Noah's demotion to the second unit, in which he fabricated that Noah volunteered for the role.
Can you really see any way Wade walks away from $24 million and leaves the Bulls? — Darnell Green, Annapolis
Well, it's $23.8 million, as mentioned above. But you're on it. And all I can tell you is most everyone associated with the Bulls believes Wade will pick up the option and remain in Chicago for a second season. More surprising things have happened in league history, though. So stay tuned. Wade's player option decision is due by June 27 according to The Vertical's Bobby Marks. Most previous reporting pegged it to June 30.
Bulls guard Dwyane Wade discusses his future with the team, just one day after the season-ending loss to the Celtics, on Saturday, April 29, 2017. (K.C. Johnson/Chicago Tribune) Bulls guard Dwyane Wade discusses his future with the team, just one day after the season-ending loss to the Celtics, on Saturday, April 29, 2017. (K.C. Johnson/Chicago Tribune) SEE MORE VIDEOS
Are the Bulls going to follow their plan of late and go the best player available in the draft or draft a point guard or wing to fill a need? — Alex, Oswego
They, along with many teams, always go the best player available. The best example of that is the Portis draft. Obviously, they scouted a wide variety of players throughout the season. But most all their predraft workouts were centered on point guards in a draft deep at that position. Then, when Portis fell, they had him rated the highest on their board. So they took him. Also, I'm not sure their needs are limited to point guard and wing. To me, their biggest need is shooting.
Is this upcoming season a make or break season for Bobby Portis? What type of role do you see him having on the Bulls next year? — Vijay V., Naperville
It's not necessarily make or break in the sense he remains on his rookie contract and under team control for a relatively low salary. But, yes, the Bulls need more out of Portis. He talked about wanting to extend his shooting range in the offseason, a nod to the Bulls' lack of distance shooting and also the way the league has trended.
Photos of Bobby Portis, the Bulls' top pick (No. 22) in the 2015 draft.
Why are there so many different choices in mock drafts for the Bulls? — John, Naperville
Because they're picking 16th and can't drive the draft order. Because they have many needs. Because their longstanding public stance is they take the best player available. All that said, I see them drafting a wing who is either athletic, can shoot or both. Terrance Ferguson would fit in this category, but he seems to be rising in most mock drafts. Luke Kennard likely will be available. He's definitely a shooter and comes from the type of blue-chip program in Duke that this management team long has favored. I have a nagging sense the Bulls are going to surprise people with their pick this year and base it a bit more on potential and upside than past production.
New understanding of hearing loss
THE UNIVERSITY OF AUCKLAND 19 APR 2013
Image: katatonia82/Shutterstock When the cochlea adapts to a noisy environment, it turns itself down to detect new signals. Researchers found that when the noise is turned off, hearing remains temporarily dull because the cochlea is readjusting to the lack of noise.
A major breakthrough in the understanding of hearing and noise-induced hearing loss has been made by hearing scientists from three Pacific Rim universities.
Scientists from The University of Auckland, the University of New South Wales in Sydney, and the University of California in San Diego have collaborated for nearly 20 years on this research.
“This work represents a paradigm shift in understanding how our ears respond to noise exposure,” says Professor Peter Thorne from The University of Auckland, who is one of the co-authors of two papers published recently in the prestigious journal, the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences (PNAS).
“We demonstrate that what we traditionally regard as a temporary hearing loss from noise exposure is in fact the cochlea of the inner ear adapting to the noisy environment, turning itself down in order to be able to detect new signals that appear in the noise,” he says.
After the noise is turned off, hearing remains temporarily dull for some time while it readjusts to the lack of noise.
“Clinically, this is what we measure as a temporary hearing loss,” says Professor Thorne. “This has always been regarded as an indication of noise damage rather than, in our new view, a normal physiological process.”
The researchers show that this is due to a molecular signalling pathway in the cochlea, mediated by a chemical compound called ATP, released by the cochlear tissue with noise and activating specific ATP receptors in the cochlear cells.
“Interestingly, if the pathway is removed, such as by genetic manipulations, this adaptive mechanism doesn't occur and the ear becomes very vulnerable to longer term noise exposure and the effects of age, eventually resulting in permanent hearing loss.”
“In other words the adaptive mechanism also protects the ear,” says Professor Thorne.
The second paper, done in collaboration with United States colleagues, reveals a new genetic cause of deafness in humans which involves exactly the same mechanism.
People (two families in China) who had a mutation in the ATP receptor showed a rapidly progressing hearing loss which was accelerated if they worked in noisy environments.
“This work is important because it shows that our ears naturally adapt to their environment, a bit like pupils of the eye which dilate or constrict with light, but over a longer time course,” Professor Thorne says.
This inherent adaptive process also provides protection to the ear from noise and age-related wear and tear. If people don't have the genes that produce this protection, then they are more likely susceptible to developing hearing loss.
“This may go some way to explaining why some people are very vulnerable to noise or develop hearing loss with age and others don't,” he says.
“Our research demonstrates that what we have always thought was temporary noise damage (i.e. the temporary hearing loss experienced in night clubs or a day's work in factories), may not be this, but instead, is the ear regulating its sensitivity in background noise”.
“Although our research suggests that our hearing adapts in some noise environments, this has limits,” says Professor Thorne. “If we exceed the safe dose of noise, our ears can still be damaged permanently despite this apparent protective mechanism.”
“People need to protect their ears from constant noise exposure to prevent hearing loss and this is particularly important in the workplace and with personal music devices which can deliver high sound levels for long periods of time,” he says.
The lead scientists from each of the universities in the study were; Professor Gary D. Housley, Chair of Physiology and Head of Physiology, and Director of the Translational Neuroscience Facility at the University of New South Wales in Sydney; Professor Peter Thorne, Departments of Physiology and Audiology at the University of Auckland, and Deputy Director at the Centre for Brain Research (The University of Auckland); Dr Srdjan Vlajkovic, Department of Physiology, University of Auckland and Professor Allen Ryan, Departments of Surgery and Neurosciences, University of California, San Diego.
This research has been funded by the Health Research Council of New Zealand and the Deafness Research Foundation of New Zealand and other funding bodies in Australia and the United States.
The numbers of invisible injuries are unknown at this point, and the suicide rate numbers are quickly approaching the numbers lost in combat
EOD technician Maj. Jeff Hackett, right, on deployment. Although he saved many lives, Hackett had issues dealing with the deaths of 16 colleagues and committed suicide in June 2010. (Photo: Special to the News Journal)
Danelle Hackett wanted her Marine husband to focus on the lives he saved disarming IEDs as a military bomb technician during two tours in Iraq.
Maj. Jeff Hackett could only focus on his 16 colleagues who died during the dangerous bomb disposal missions he led from early 2005 through late 2007.
"My husband looked at those guys as his own family, his own sons. Repeatedly losing techs just wore on him and wore him. He blamed himself for every death," Danelle Hackett said.
Maj. Jeff Hackett and his wife, Danelle. Danelle didn't know what to do to help her husband when he returned from his dangerous combat tours diffusing explosives. (Photo: Special to the News Journal)
In June 2010, after a day of drinking at an American Legion Post in Wyoming near the family's home, Jeff Hackett downed a couple more swigs of alcohol, said "cheers" and shot and killed himself.
Among the highly skilled and elite ranks of military explosive ordnance disposal technicians — the men and women who have been on the front line of the war on terror since Sept. 11, 2001 — suicide is a growing concern.
"It is literally an epidemic," said Ken Falke, a former EOD technician and founder of the Niceville-based EOD Warrior Foundation, which supports current and former military EOD techs and their families.
EOD technicians from all branches of the military graduate from the Navy's Explosive Ordnance Disposal School at Eglin Air Force Base. The school holds a moving memorial every spring and adds the names of graduates killed in combat during the previous year to its memorial wall. Since 9/11, 131 EOD technicians have died in combat and another 250 have sustained major physical injuries including lost eyesight, lost limbs, paralysis and major burns, but it is the numbers that aren't tallied that are now most alarming to Falke and many others.
One sentence at the bottom of every new release by the Warrior Foundation says it all: "The numbers of invisible injuries are unknown at this point and the suicide rate numbers are quickly approaching the numbers lost in combat."
Suicide is a major concern throughout the military and it is a special concern for the EOD Warrior Foundation, said Nicole Motsek, the foundation's director.
"We are a small community; we have only 7,000 people on active duty. During some months, it has been every week that we have lost someone. There are so many people out there with the invisible wounds of war and they are a part of our EOD community. We cannot wait and hope they get help, we have to do something now to help them," said Motsek, who is married to an Army EOD technician who has had multiple combat deployments.
The foundation plans a round-table summit in November to discuss suicide among EOD techs. The foundation is also holding a retreat this fall for "White Star widows," the widows of EOD techs who have killed themselves.
The foundation does not have an exact number of EOD techs who have taken their own lives, in part because it is often difficult to tell if someone died accidentally or intentionally and also because there is not a good national tracking system. According to the latest information from the Veterans Administration, 20 veterans take their own lives each day, but that number only includes full reporting from 20 states.
EOD tech Air Force Sgt. Chris Ferrell has attempted suicide four times. He has a sleeve of tattoos on his arm with 26 stars, each one represents a friend he lost on the battlefield. (Photo: Special to the News Journal)
Air Force Sgt. Chris Ferrell, a 32-year-old EOD tech who has had many combat deployments to both Iraq and Afghanistan over the last 13 years, has attempted suicide four times.
He has a sleeve of tattoos on his arm with 26 shaded-in stars, each one represents a friend he has lost on the battlefield.
"Every one of them were killed by IEDs," he said. "For every IED you disarm, you save between one and 10 lives, but there is always another one you cannot take care of that gets hit. There becomes a point where it haunts your nightmares and it haunts your thoughts during the day."
A breaking point involved losing a good friend, Air Force Sgt. Anthony Campbell Jr., to an explosion in Afghanistan in 2009.
Ferrell was just five feet away from Campbell when the blast went off.
"You can armchair quarterback that situation all day long, it is something that will never go away for me," he said.
In 2014, on the fifth anniversary of Campbell's death, it all became too much.
"It all just ran over me. I tried to drive my vehicle into a tree because I didn't feel like I had earned the right to stay on this earth," he said.
Ferrell tried getting help, but nothing seemed to work.
"Every time I started to feel like I was getting on the right road, I would always go back to this Rolodex of images of prior incidents — always something that had actually happened. It eventually overwhelms you," he said.
Air Force Sgt. Chris Ferrell has been deployed to both Iraq and Afghanistan many times over the last 13 years. He was just five feet away from his good friend, Sgt. Anthony Campbell Jr., when he was killed by an explosion. (Photo: Special to the News Journal)
Ferrell went for in-patient treatment at a military hospital where experts talked with him about his suicidal thoughts, but he said it was the thought of his three young children that motivated him to move forward.
"You have to find a purpose and new life," he said.
He now advises senior Air Force leadership about suicide prevention and awareness.
"There is a stigma about suicide, but we are getting better about making it more known," Ferrell said. "For the ones out there who are struggling (with suicidal thoughts) my message to them it is that you are definitively not alone, it does not have to be all on your shoulders."
Danelle Hackett didn't know what to do to help her husband when he returned from his combat tours.
"I could tell he was mess," she said.
Maj. Jeff Hackett entertains his young granddaughter during the Christmas holidays. Hackett's wife, Danelle, says he lost the laughter that he had always had after returning from his combat tours. (Photo: Danelle Hackett/Special to the News Journal)
Jeff Hackett began drinking heavily and getting into petty fights with his sons.
"He lost that laughter that he had always had. He was always such a funny guy and I was usually the butt of his jokes," said Hackett, who recalled her husband dancing around and laughing to the 1992 song "I'm Too Sexy."
During his first deployment to Iraq, he began sending his wife emails saying that he could no longer stand to look at himself. When he came home on leave he lost interest in things he once enjoyed like gardening and NASCAR.
"He wouldn't sleep for days. When I would get up in the mornings, I honestly never knew who I would be waking up to. We would tell him that he needed to go and talk to somebody and he would tell us that he didn't have problem, that we were the ones who had the problem," she said.
"He got really hateful at times with his words. He would drink the biggest bottle of Makers Mark in two days and he would act out in front of his family, he would berate the kids."
Danelle Hackett knew something was terribly wrong, but she didn't know what to do to help her husband. She said the military's policies made things worse because Jeff Hackett worried that if he sought treatment he would be pulled from duty and couldn't continue his vital work.
And Jeff Hackett could never let go of the deep sense of failure he felt about the people he could not save.
"He felt like he was bad for the (EOD) field, like he had messed up and let the field down because he wasn't able to bring home the ones who were killed. He felt that he was a huge let down to their families and the guys he lost. He felt like he was a failure no matter how hard I tried to tell him otherwise."
Four years after her husband's suicide, the couple's 24-year-old son, Drew, killed himself. Drew Hackett had been deeply troubled by his father's death, she said.
By speaking out about the deaths of her husband and her son, Danelle Hackett hopes to make a difference for another family.
"Nothing is going to be done about it unless we talk about it. There is such a stigma attached to suicide," she said.
Other EOD suicide deaths include a Navy captain and an Army colonel and other sailors, soldiers and airmen of all ranks and backgrounds, Falke said.
Part of the problem in addressing the issue is that EOD techs come from all branches of the military and often work with small special forces units — Ferrell and Campbell were deployed with a British special forces unit when Campbell was killed. The EOD techs train at the same school, but techs from the four military branches work independently and in small groups, he said.
The foundation's goal is to bring the entire EOD community together to focus attention on the issue.
Maj. Jeff Hackett holds his newborn granddaughter. (Photo: Danelle Hackett/Special to the News Journal)
"Our real problem right now is within the veteran community, but we also want leadership in active duty to know that during transition to civilian status, they have to do more than teach people how to write a resume. They need to know that civilian life is different," Falke said.
Another problem is that service members today are often treated by the general public as either revered heroes or they are pitied.
"I would hope that people will ultimately put them in the middle of those extremes, which would be respect," Falke said. "When you are in the military, you get this superhero status. When you come back home, you can lose your sense of mission and purpose and start to feel really sorry for yourself."
Ferrell agreed.
"You are put on a pedestal or you are pitied and there is no happy medium — it's either 'you did this and you did that and you are amazing', or 'I am going to help you, what can I do to help you'."
The best thing people can do is just listen, Ferrell said.
"Talk to the veterans, learn their stories. Sit down and have a conversation with them just so they can let it out."
For information about the EOD Warrior Foundation and the memorial wall, visit www.eodwarriorfoundation.org/
Read or Share this story: http://on.pnj.com/2cus3CT
Image caption Delhi has one of the highest rates of crime against women in India
There has been an uproar in India's parliament over the gang rape of a 23-year-old student on a city bus in the capital, Delhi.
MPs from all parties have expressed their horror at the incident which has caused outrage in the country.
Police said they have arrested four people, including the bus driver, and are looking for two more people.
The student and her male friend were beaten, stripped and thrown out of the bus on Sunday evening.
They have been admitted to hospital, where the woman remains in a critical condition.
"She continues to be serious. She has responded to us once in the last 12 hours and that is a good sign, but we cannot rule her out of danger. She remains on ventilator," Safdarjung Hospital medical superintendent BD Athani told the BBC Hindi service.
Delhi's rape figures are far higher than other Indian cities of comparable size, correspondents say.
According to official statistics, 572 rapes were reported in Delhi last year. Police say they have registered 635 rape cases this year.
'Hang rapists'
On Tuesday, angry MPs in both houses set aside their regular business to discuss the gruesome rape case and demanded strict punishment for those who carried out the attack.
Senior leader of the main opposition Bharatiya Janata Party Sushma Swaraj called for the death penalty for rapists.
Image caption There has been outrage in India over the incident
"What is the government doing to curb rape cases in the capital?" she asked. "The rapists should be hanged, we need tougher laws to stop rapes," she said in the Lok Sabha, the lower house of parliament.
"I speak for the house when I ask the government to take the strongest measures to curb such incidents," Speaker Meira Kumar said.
In the Rajya Sabha, the upper house, MPs also demanded strict action against rapists.
"How is it that these rapists think that they'll get away with it?" asked an angry Renuka Chowdhury of the Congress party.
The leader of the Bahujan Samaj Party, Ms Mayawati, said: "We need to ensure proper investigation, and strict punishment. It's not enough to just arrest them, but action should be so strict that no one should dare to act in such a manner again."
Home Minister Sushil Kumar Shinde vowed to make the city safer for its women.
He said a new committee, headed by the home secretary, "will evaluate what needs to change, based on suggestions made in parliament by the MPs".
Mr Shinde said that routes used often by women at night would be identified and patrolled at night by police.
The minister said he would propose to "have this case tried by a fast-track court so that this case does not linger".
Delhi police chief Neeraj Kumar told a press conference on Tuesday that the woman and her friend had boarded the bus in the Munirka area of south Delhi.
They got on the bus and bought tickets for 10 rupees (18 cents; 11 pence) each, he said.
"The victim's male friend fought the attackers bravely, he tried to save his friend, but he was badly beaten up," Mr Kumar said.
"The woman tried to protect him, she was also beaten up and then taken to the back of the bus where she was gang raped. The two were then thrown out of the bus," he said.
[Enjoy this guest post from frequent contributor Brad Lawrence – Ed.]
The Megaman series has been one of the longest-running franchises in video games, with roots going all the way back to the NES era. Part of this success is due to a consistency in both structure and plot. Each of the mainline Megaman games (for purposes of this article, we're not discussing offshoots, such as the Megaman X series, or Megaman Soccer) is centered around destroying several ‘robot masters', each of which is designed around a specific theme. For example, Sparkman is shaped like a giant electrical plug and has the ability to create massive electrical currents and throw sparks at Megaman, and Bubbleman can … create bubbles. Megaman pursues each of these robot masters individually, and after destroying them, has the ability to absorb their powers for later use. While the specific details of the narrative will change from game to game, a general outline of just about any of the main Megaman games can almost always be summed up in just three points:
1. Dr. Wily is up to something evil
2. As Megaman, it is up to you to stop him
3. This will involve destroying a lot of robots
At least, that's how it's presented to us in the instruction manual and the opening scenes to each game. However, the reality on the ground is drastically different, as Megaman's actions make him seem less like the savior of mankind and more like an assassin hell-bent on destroying Dr. Wily's creations and sabotaging his work.
It's important to note that in every game, Megaman's actions are always preemptive strikes. While the games tell us that Dr. Wily is building evil robots and threatening the world, this is never shown on screen. We never play as Megaman rushing to the scene of an attack, trying to prevent, say, Toadman, from destroying a city with the awesome power of toads. Instead, it is Megaman who hunts down seemingly unsuspecting victims in their lightly defended bases. Robots are never shown threatening organic life, and the only robot-on-robot violence that takes place in the games is always being directed toward or perpetrated by Megaman himself.
Perhaps the most compelling evidence that not everything is as we were told is that the robot masters do so little to defend themselves from him. The stages that Megaman must trek through to reach them are populated by lesser robots, but very few of them are openly hostile. Some of them will shoot at you, and others will move toward you, but perhaps as many as half of them seem completely oblivious to your existence and simply go about their ordinary routine. Megaman takes damage from collisions with these ‘neutral' robots, but one could no more describe that as an attack than they could sticking your hand into a machine with moving parts. And the robot masters themselves are consistently found standing in small, isolated rooms, minding their own business. None of them even bother to lock the door.
Admittedly, there are environmental hazards that Megaman has to deal with (bottomless pits, spike pits, lava pits, etc.) before finding a robot master, but these are easily explained not as defensive obstacles, but rather as the conditions that would have warranted machination in the first place. Instead than seeing Heatman as some evil robot hiding out in a lair surrounded by lava, and plotting to destroy the world with some kind of heat-based superweapon, It's equally likely that he's a specialized robot, designed specifically to function in an extremely hot environment that a human could never withstand, who just trying to get some work done when Megaman so rudely barges in and blows him to smithereens.
If that seems like a bit of conjecture, keep in mind that this actually was part of the plot of the original Megaman game. The first six robot masters weren't meant to be used to take over the world, but instead were labor-saving robots that had been built to perform various tasks such as construction and logging. We're told that they were reprogrammed by Dr. Wily for his evil purposes, but again, the only hostile actions we see them commit are defending themselves from Megaman when he arrives to assassinate them.
In Megaman 2, we are explicitly told that Dr. Wily built eight new robot masters himself. Theoretically, with the opportunity to build eight robots to his exact specifications, one would expect them to either be designed specifically to contribute in his efforts to take over the world. The problem is that very few of them actually seem to have been designed for such a purpose. Instead, we have the aforementioned Bubbleman, as well as the hapless Flashman, whose special ability is to create bright flashes of light, and Woodman, whose only unique feature seems to be that he was made out of a log. This isn't an army built for world-domination, it's another batch of specialized robot laborers.
In actuality, the Megaman games are really about two competing robot designers, Dr. Wily and Dr. Light, and Megaman's role in sabotaging one on behalf of the other. While Dr. Wily focuses on creating multiple robots for a variety of purposes, Dr. Light has a much more efficient, though underhanded, approach. Dr. Light created a single type of robot who has the ability not only to hunt down and destroy other robots, but also to steal their functions. Is it any wonder that Megaman always allows Dr. Wily to live at the end of each game? This isn't mercy, Megaman needs Dr. Wily alive to create more things for him to steal later.
The genius of this approach is that in one attack, Megaman not only destroys one of Dr. Wily's creations, but also modifies himself to be able to take over as that robot's replacement, thus simultaneously creating and fulfilling a need. In other words, he's a piece of malware with legs and an arm cannon. Keep in mind that Megaman is not unique – there are dozens, perhaps hundreds, of Megamans (Megamen?) in Dr. Light's arsenal, and each one is capable of uploading his stolen designs back to the others. This is evidenced by the fact that when the player dies, Megaman is immediately replaced by an identical unit who already has all of the abilities that had been earned in the game so far.
Dr. Light's plan is to destroy all of Dr. Wily's creations and replace them with a fleet of Megamans. The purpose could be financial; in a world seemingly dominated by robotic technology, quite a bit of profit could come from establishing himself as the premier robot maker. But the goal could be even more sinister than that. By inserting robots under his control into so many different parts of the existing society, Dr. Light is covertly taking over. He controls the skies (by replacing Airman), industrial manufacturing (Metalman), and even snakes (Snakeman).
Megaman never questions the contradictions between what we're told he's doing and what he's actually doing, because, as a robot, he doesn't have free will. He's been programmed by Dr. Light to seek out Dr. Wily's robot masters and destroy them, and does so unquestioningly, probably without any kind of real awareness of his actions or their consequences.
Humans are a little trickier to manipulate, but not much. The narrative at the beginning provides us with a justification for our actions throughout the game, and once engaged, few of us ever stop to question its validity. The gameplay itself feels immediately familiar to experienced gamers: move from the left side of the screen to the right, shoot everything that moves, and jump over the gaps in the floor. Before it even begins, our previous experiences with other games have already given us pretty good idea what we're supposed to do. While Megaman is hard-coded to behave like a Terminator, we too are programmed, by a dishonest narrator and our expectations.
[Is Megaman a puppet of a man with ulterior motives? Are there any legitimate reasons to build a robot that can control snakes? Sounds off in the comments! – Ed.]
Brad Lawrence disparages old video games at his website Brad Hates Games and daylights as an accountant in Seattle.
Islamic State militants have beheaded captive Japanese journalist Kenji Goto, after Tokyo's negotiations with IS reached a “deadlock.” The gruesome video of the execution appears to be genuine, Japan said, vowing justice for those responsible.
The horrifying video shows a hooded man standing over another man – apparently Goto – with a knife held to his throat. It then shows footage of a body with a head placed on it.
Japanese Defense Minister Gen Nakatani said the video appears to be genuine. The comment comes after a meeting of ministers, where Tokyo police representatives said the footage had a “high degree of credibility.”
Earlier on Saturday, Yasuhide Nakayama – the head of Tokyo's emergency response team in the Jordanian capital of Amman – told journalists that there had been no progress in attempts to negotiate the release of Goto and Maaz al-Kassasbeh, a first lieutenant in the Jordanian Air Force.
In the clip, the man – who calls himself Jihadist John and speaks in English with a British accent – addresses the Japanese government, blaming Tokyo for the slaughter. He said that Japan started an “unwinnable war,” and threatened its government with more violence.
Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe has condemned the “inhumane and contemptible act of terrorism,” promising to “never forgive these terrorists.”
"Japan will work with the international community to bring those responsible for this crime to justice," Abe added in brief statement to journalists.
Chief Cabinet Secretary Yoshihide Suga has also condemned the atrocity, saying he "cannot help feeling strong indignation that an inhuman and despicable act of terrorism like this has been committed again."
Jordan on Sunday condemned the killing of Goto. The IS demanded the release of a female terrorist from a Jordanian prison in exchange for the hostage. Jordan was involved in negotiations with the jihadists.
"The Jordanian government strongly condemns the execution of the second Japanese hostage by the terrorist organisation Daesh," Jordan's government spokesman told state media, using a pejorative Arabic acronym for the group.
The government in Amman reiterated that it was still offering to swap a Jordanian pilot for an Iraqi prisoner connected to the Islamic State.
Meanwhile, the United States is “standing together with a broad coalition of allies and partners” and will continue taking “decisive action to degrade and ultimately destroy [the Islamic State]," President Obama promised.
"The United States condemns the heinous murder of Japanese citizen," Obama said in a statement released by the White House.
Previously, Tokyo agreed with the militants on an exchange of Goto for Sajida al-Rishawi, the Iraqi woman who killed 60 people in a 2005 Jordan bombing. A Jordanian government spokesman has also said that Amman is prepared to free Rishawi if its pilot is freed in return. Al-Kasasbeh was captured by the Islamic State in late December after his plane came down during an air raid by the US-led coalition.
READ MORE: Japan says won't pay hostage ransom to ISIS as deadline looms
Goto was captured by IS militants in October 2014 when he returned to Syria to search for his friend, Japanese national Haruna Yukawa. The latter was taken hostage by extremists in August.
On January 20, the militants published a video on several jihadist websites showing the two Asian men wearing orange fatigues and standing on their knees, while a masked man in black holds a knife. In the video, the militant group demands a $200 million ransom to be paid for the hostages' lives within 72 hours – the same amount of money that Japan had pledged to pay to the US-led campaign against IS.
Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe said he will stand by his country's commitment not to pay ransoms, adding that “this policy is unshakable and we won't change it.”
As the 72 hours expired, IS released a video where Goto shows a picture of the beheaded body of his fellow captive on January 24. In the message addressed to the Japanese government, Goto said that the jihadist group now wants the release of Iraqi suicide bomber Rishawi.
First they come for our guns…then our bacon
This country's government was formed with the notion that the minority must be protected. How then have we devolved so much that when a single crybaby gets their panties in a bunch of rights begin getting stripped from everyone else?
What has me so worked up? Oddly enough it isn't the gun grabbing zealots this time that try to deny a fundamental right because THEY don't like it.
No, this time it is someone who took that same mentality and forced a local restaurant to remove a sign it was allowed to place in a median because that restaurant PAID a donation for its upkeep.
The Sneakers Bistro got its pick of a sign to stake into a prime traffic median along Winooski's Main Street after dolling up the bed with annual flowers for the city of Winooski's “Operation Bloom” volunteer program.
What was so offensive about Sneakers Bistro's sign?
It had the word BACON in it. Here's what it looked like:
I think the sign is funny and appropriate given the location.
But leave it to one curmudgeon to make a holy war out of it.
In this case, a local Muslim woman flew into a fit of rage that a sign DARE say bacon because SHE doesn't eat pork. She claimed that, as a vegan Muslim, she was personally offended by the sign and that it was insensitive to other people who don't eat pork.
I must have missed something…at what point was Sneakers Bistro shanghai-ing people and forcing bacon and pork products down their gullets?
The fact that this intolerant bacon hater is so hyper-sensitive that she can't even SEE the word bacon without being personally offended is pathetic.
The fact that she rallied people on the internet to verbally attack and bash the restaurant is typical. Just to remind you, she is a Muslim VEGAN…how often is she and her cabal actually going to eat at a place that serves bacon sandwiches?
I bet the spit would hit the fan if the sign showed an image of the Prophet Mohammad sucking down strips of grisly bacon…to which I could understand the outrage. But just the mention of the word bacon? Does this woman go grocery shopping? Does she boycott all markets that sell pork? Has she issued a fatwa against Porky Pig?
Unfortunately this isn't even the most ridiculous part of the story. The most ridiculous part is that the owners of Sneakers Bistro contacted this woman to apologize to her and they took down the sign. The sign by the way was up for about 2 months; I guess the outrage had to stir for a while before she started her jihad against all things bacon-y.
From the owners Facebook page:
“We are here to serve people breakfast, not politics. We removed the sign that was located on public property as a gesture of respect for our diverse community.”
A gesture of respect? Where was her gesture of respect by not being an intolerant twit in regards to your sign? Will Sneakers now remove ALL visible advertising signs? Will they block out the front window so this woman doesn't have to be offended by looking in and seeing other people eat bacon?
What the owners of Sneakers did was cowardly. They donated for the upkeep of the median, they were allowed to put up a sign to advertise and no sane person would take that sign to be an attack on anyone. I even asked a friend of mine who is vegan if he found it offensive. He actually thought it clever and got a chuckle out of it.
And there are those in the Winooski community who agree with me such as Caleb Wiley who said:
“I respect her religion and her right to believe what she wants but I'm pretty sure the First Amendment extends to bacon and the selling of it.”
But in liberal Obamanation America, Constitutional Rights mean little if you are offended. Let's just rip up that old document…it's outdated. People are being offended by bacon for Pete's sake!!
[Editor's note: Unless you are a Christian, then it's a no hold's barred on offending and discriminating against you]
This is what happens when we let things begin to slide. We don't stick to our guns (sometimes literally), we let the Political Correctness mob make the rules, we kow tow in order to please everyone and we have indulged the thin skinned and hyper sensitive to think that just because they don't like something it MUST be changed to suit them.
The coddling of America will be its undoing because the day will come when no one can say or do anything because it will offend someone else.
Enough of this woman's petty bickering and pork jihad.
I'm going to eat a bacon sandwich in protest.
Related articles
by Staff | Jan 2, 2013 3:47 pm
Commenting has been closed | E-mail the Author
Posted to: Legal Writes, The Heights
Police nabbed two of three people suspected of a string of burglaries, after their getaway car spun out and smashed into a guard rail.
Here's what happened, according to police spokesman Officer Dave Hartman:
Less than an hour into the new year, at 12:50 a.m. Tuesday, Officers Dana Martin and Sean Sullivan were responding to a call when they heard a burglar alarm sounding at Empire Liquor Store on Quinnipiac Avenue. They arrived to find two people running from the store, carrying a safe.
The burglars split up. Cops lost one of them. The other jumped into a waiting white Honda Civic, which sped off with police in pursuit.
The car sped down Quinnipiac Avenue toward Foxon Boulevard. Officer Rosa Melendez, on Foxon Boulevard, saw the car try to maneuver onto the I-95 ramp. The driver miscalculated and the car spun and smashed into a guard rail. Melendez and Martin handcuffed a 24-year-old woman in the car. A man jumped out, tried to leap over the trunk of the car and tripped down an embankment. Officers Leonardo Soto and Ryan Macuirzynzki grabbed the 36-year-old man, who gave them a fake name.
Officers recovered a cash drawer, a pellet gun, a black face mask, a “Scream” mask, drugs, and bottles of booze.
Cops charged the man with a list of crimes including burglary, interfering, motor vehicle charges, and drug charges. They charged the woman with burglary and conspiracy.
“Detectives Teddy Forbes and Brett Runlett have been working with nearby neighboring departments and predict many other burglaries will be connected to these perpetrators,” Hartman said. “Thus far, the evidence collected has supported investigations into about a half dozen.”
In other police news according to Hartman:
Soon-To-Be-Ex-Husband Shoots Wife's Car: At 5:36 p.m. on Tuesday, Officer John Pleckaitis and Sergeant Rob Criscuolo were on patrol on Sylvan Avenue near Orchard Street when they heard gunfire. Dispatchers directed them to a house on Orchard Street, where they met a woman who told them her estranged husband had shot her car three times. She told cops that she and her husband are in the process of getting divorced and he is upset that she's met someone else. The husband had showed up at the house after an all-day barrage of harassing phone calls. She told him to leave. He pulled a gun and fired three shots into the hood of her car.
Later, at 9 p.m., cops spotted the suspect's car downtown and pulled him over. They found a Smith & Wesson, .22-caliber semi-automatic pistol in the car. They found two bags of crack, six live rounds, and three spent shell casings on the man. Police arrested the 35-year-old a convicted felon on a variety of drug and gun charges.
“Gun!” Woof!: At 8:30 a.m. on Tuesday, Officers Richard Benson, Mark Taylor, Steven Silk and his canine partner Boris responded to a reported fight at the corner of John Williamson Drive and Front Street. Witnesses later told them an argument had turned into a three-on-one fight. Three men had pushed the victim to the ground, kicked and choked him. When he got up, he pulled a gun from his waistband. One of his attackers took the gun and fired it up into the air.
When cops showed up, they found a group of men near a fence. Two took off. One of the two remaining men turned away, revealing a black gun protruding from his pocket. “Gun!” shouted Officer Benson. He tackled the man and retrieved 9mm Luger. Cops arrested that man along with the other, on gun charges and breach of peace.
“Meanwhile, Officer Silk and Boris were on the trail of the two that fled,” Hartman said. “Boris pulled his handler toward some small shrubbery at 2 John Williamson Drive. From beneath them, Officer Silk retrieved a Smith & Wesson 9 Tactical model handgun.”
We present a method for the exfiltration of data through the movement of a CD-ROM drive. The movement
of such drive is monitored through the use of a Raspberry Pi and camera. We make use of manchester encoding
to represent data. See https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Manchester_code for more
information.
Grayscale and processed images
Transmitting the text ‘hello'
emit.py – Transmits data through the medium of a CD-ROM drive
We make use of a 4 second delay for both the closed & open CD-Drive state, potentially a lower value could be used, but I was keen
to avoid damaging the drive
#!/usr/bin/python import os import time # Start with CD tray closed os.system("eject -t") time.sleep(15) os.system("eject -T") time.sleep(15) os.system("eject -t") time.sleep(15) prev = 0 def emit(str): global prev for b in str: for i in range(0,8): bit = (ord(b) >> i) & 1 if bit == 0: manc = [0,1] else: manc = [1,0] for bv in manc: print(bv) if bv == 1: if not prev == 1: os.system("eject -T") time.sleep(4) else: os.system("eject -t") time.sleep(4) prev = bv emit("AZhello")
cditter.py – capture and decode the output from the CD-ROM drive
#!/usr/bin/python import math from picamera.array import PiRGBArray from picamera import time import cv2 import numpy as np from itertools import tee def window(iterable, size): iters = tee(iterable, size) for i in range(1, size): for each in iters[i:]: next(each, None) return zip(*iters) def emit(str): global prev out = [] for b in str: for i in range(0,8): bit = (ord(b) >> i) & 1 if bit == 0: out.append(0) out.append(1) else: out.append(1) out.append(0) return out preamble = emit("AZ") def process(x): m = [sum(y) / len(y) for y in zip(*x)][1] for i in range(0,len(x)): v1=x[i:len(x)] new = [] for v in v1: if v[1] > m: new.append(v[0]) new.append(v[0]) else: new.append(v[0]) if new[0:len(preamble)] == preamble: mdec = mancdec(new) print("Data: ",tobytes(mdec[0:len(mdec) - (len(mdec) % 8)])) break def binary(arr): m = 0 s = 0 for o in arr: s = s +(o * (2**m)) m = m + 1 return s def mancdec(arr): out = [] for i in range(0,len(arr),2): if arr[i:i+2] == [0,1]: out.append(0) elif arr[i:i+2] == [1,0]: out.append(1) return out def tobytes(arr): out = "" for i in range(0,len(arr),8): bits = arr[i:i+8] out += chr(binary(bits)) return out camera = PiCamera() camera.resolution = (320, 240) camera.framerate = 30 rawCapture = PiRGBArray(camera, size=camera.resolution) # allow the camera to warmup time.sleep(0.1) bits = [] # from http://www.pyimagesearch.com/2014/09/15/python-compare-two-images/ def mse(imageA, imageB): # the 'Mean Squared Error' between the two images is the # sum of the squared difference between the two images; # NOTE: the two images must have the same dimension err = np.sum((imageA.astype("float") - imageB.astype("float")) ** 2) err /= float(imageA.shape[0] * imageA.shape[1]) # return the MSE, the lower the error, the more "similar" # the two images are return err def extract(data): out = [] x = [0,0] c = 0 old = None for d in data: c += 1 x[d] += 1 if (not old == None and not d == old) or c == len(data): if c == len(data): out.append((d,x[d])) else: out.append((d^1,x[d^1])) x[d^1] = 0 old = d nout = [] for o in out: if o[1] > 3: nout.append(o) return nout old = None trained = False imgl = [] trainv = [] for frame in camera.capture_continuous(rawCapture, format="bgr", use_video_port=True): image = frame.array gray = cv2.cvtColor(image, cv2.COLOR_BGR2GRAY) gray = cv2.adaptiveThreshold(gray,255,cv2.ADAPTIVE_THRESH_GAUSSIAN_C,cv2.THRESH_BINARY,11,2) if not old == None and trained == False: #print(chr(27) + "[2J") print("Training...") count = 0 simid = -1 simv = float("inf") for img in imgl: s = mse(gray,img[0]) if s < simv: simid = count simv = s count += 1 print("Similarity: ",simv) if simv > 2600: imgl.append([gray,1]) simid = len(imgl)-1 else: imgl[simid][1]+=1 imgl[simid][0] = gray trainv = [] for i in range(0,len(imgl)): if imgl[i][1] > 20: trainv.append([imgl[i][0],imgl[i][1]]) if len(trainv) == 2: break if len(trainv) == 2: print("Trained...") trained = True elif trained: simid = -1 simv = float("inf") count = 0 for img in trainv: s = mse(gray,img[0]) if s < simv: simid = count simv = s count += 1 trainv[simid][0] = gray trainv[simid][1] += 1 print(chr(27) + "[2J") print("Current bit: ",simid) bits.append(simid) d = extract(bits) if len(d) > 8: process(d) else: imgl.append([gray,1]) old = image rawCapture.truncate(0)
Raspberry Pi
The following libraries are needed for the program to run
sudo apt-get update sudo apt-get install python-opencv sudo apt-get install python-pip sudo pip install picamera sudo pip install numpy
Improvements
I'm sure the time to transmit data could be substantially reduced by decreasing the delays used for the CD tray eject/close commands and also possibly using an alternative technique to manchester encoding.
Additionally the initial 15 second delays used for the training period could likely be reduced.
It might be nice also to properly packetise the data like so:
|preamble|packet length|packet contents|
At the moment I've only tested with a single preamble with data following it
Repository
https://github.com/anfractuosity/cditter/ – the latest version of code is hosted here
The city of Detroit may have filed for bankruptcy, but that hasn't stopped the owners of the Pontiac Silverdome from paving the way for the potential of a stadium in the city — which could bring an MLS club to the city's downtown.
Toronto-based Triple Properties Inc. submitted a bid for the Wayne County justice department in hopes of acquiring five justice properties with a vision at developing a 275,000 square foot retail complex and a stadium that could lure a franchise to Detroit. Triple Properties has been eyeing the addition of an MLS franchise to Detroit since the company acquired the Silverdome four years ago.
The addition of a Detroit City FC would certainly spice things up in the Midwest region of the US, where Sporting Kansas City, Chicago Fire and Columbus Crew reside. There's also the potential for a solid rivalry with Toronto FC, featuring unique commuting possibilities.
Sports fans in the Midwest are extremely passionate, and in Detroit they live and die with their local sports clubs (except the Lions — the awful, awful Lions). Detroit City FC have instantly become one of the best-supported NPSL teams going. Check out these fans:
What do you think? Want to see a cool billion dropped on the revitalization of Downtown Detroit, anchored by a soccer stadium and MLS club? Could it bring a little push in the economy for a city that badly needs one?
At the iconic Sphere sculpture in The Battery, 9/11 families rallied against Trump's 'immoral' ban. Kerri Kelly holds a photo of her stepfather, Lt. Joseph Leavey of FDNY Ladder 15, a first responder killed on 9/11. 'Trump's actions are exploitative, immoral and not safe" Kelly said.. View Full Caption DNAinfo/ Irene Plagianos
FINANCIAL DISTRICT — Chanting "not in our name," families and friends of 9/11 victims gathered at The Battery Thursday to protest President Donald Trump's controversial executive order that restricts refugees and travelers from seven predominately Muslim countries.
In the order signed last month, Trump cited the Sept. 11 attacks as a rationale for curbing travel and suspending refugees from entering the country from Iran, Iraq, Libya, Somalia, Sudan, Syria and Yemen. However, none of the hijackers involved in 9/11 were from those countries. The majority of the terrorists were from Saudi Arabia.
Several protesters Thursday called the ban — which has been temporarily blocked by a federal court — immoral, unconstitutional and said they were "disgusted" that Trump would use 9/11 to justify a ban they believe is un-American.
"Stop using our loved ones to justify the same type of hatred that killed them," said Terri McGovern, whose mother, Ann McGovern, a vice president at Aon Corp. who worked on the 92nd floor of tower 2, was killed on 9/11. "This ban is blanket discrimination, and has nothing to do with what America stands for.
"Donald Trump is making America less safe," McGovern added. "I know my mother would want me here, she would have hated Donald Trump."
The travel ban, which has ignited protests across the city and the country, is currently halted by a federal court's temporary order — a ruling that was upheld by a federal appeals court, effectively allowing travelers to continue to enter the country as they had before the executive order.
Protesters gathered in front of the iconic Koening sphere, which was pulled from the Twin Towers wreckage, becoming a symbol of resilience. (DNAinfo/Irene Plagianos)
Protesters rallied in front of the iconic Fritz Koenig's Sphere — a 25-ton bronze sculpture that became a symbol of resilience after it was pulled from the wreckage of the World Trade Center damaged, but not destroyed, in the aftermath of 9/11.
Talat Hamdani, a Pakistani-American who lost her son, 23-year-old first responder and NYPD cadet, Mohammad Salman Hamdani on 9/11, said she "disgusted" by Trump's order.
"I'm a proud Muslim American," Hamdani said. "We are here fighting for the soul of America."
"How can Trump say he is protecting us, why not go after Saudi Arabia then?" she added. "My son died trying to help, to protect — don't use his life, or lives of any of the victims to justify this ban."
The small gathering Thursday was peaceful, though one man carrying a Trump-Pence campaign sign kept yelling over speakers — saying, "Go to hell scum" and "You lost."
According to court documents filed Thursday, and the president's Thursday press conference, the Trump administration plans to abandon the disputed travel ban, and issue a new executive order. No specific details about how this executive order would be different were given.
This article is over 7 years old
Cardinal Sin is the bust of a priest with its face sawn off and replaced with a mosaic of bathroom tiles
Banksy has waded into the child sex abuse scandal of the Catholic church with a sculpture of a priest with his face obscured called Cardinal Sin.
The graffiti artist's piece is a replica of an 18th-century stone bust, which has had its face sawn off and replaced with a mosaic of bathroom tiles to replicate the pixellation effect used on TV to prevent identification of victims of sex crimes.
Announcing his indefinite loan of the piece to the Walker Art Gallery in Liverpool, Banksy strongly implied that Cardinal Sin is a comment on the sexual abuse of children by Catholic priests.
Describing the statue as a Christmas present, the artist said in a statement: "At this time of year it's easy to forget the true meaning of Christianity – the lies, the corruption, the abuse."
The bust went on public display for the first time on Thursday in the Walker's 17th Century Old Masters gallery, alongside works by old masters including Van Dyck and Poussin.
Reyahn King, director of art galleries at National Museums Liverpool, said the Walker was "thrilled" to display the work of a "major contemporary artist".
"It's a huge coup and we are sure his work will spark a reaction with visitors.
"Banksy specified that it be shown alongside our period collection and we were very happy to oblige."
Bolivia's Indian ethnic groups are largely supportive of Mr Morales' plans
Bolivians have backed a new constitution that aims to empower the country's indigenous majority, partial results from a referendum show. With about 30% of the vote counted, some 53% of the voters supported the changes, electoral officials said. But at least four of Bolivia's nine regions voted "No". President Evo Morales claimed victory in the referendum that would also allow Bolivia's first indigenous leader to stand for a second consecutive term. Addressing supporters outside the presidential palace, he said the result marked the birth of a new Bolivia. "Brothers and sisters, the colonial state ends here," President Morales, an Aymara Indian, told crowds in front of the presidential palace in La Paz after results emerged. "Now Bolivia is being re-founded," he said. "Here we begin to reach true equality for all Bolivians." Evo Morales is Bolivia's first indigenous president Support for Mr Morales was highest in the western highlands where indigenous people form the majority. "A new era is starting now in which indigenous people will be the citizens of this country. I think this is the most important part of this constitution," said Elisa Canqui, who represents one of the Indian communities in La Paz. Only some 50 years ago Indians of Aymara and Quechua descent were not allowed to walk in the central square of La Paz. Now the new charter will give sweeping rights to Bolivia's 36 indigenous groups in the areas of government, the judiciary and land holdings. Opponents But the polarisation that has dogged the country since Mr Morales took office in 2006 is unlikely to diminish, says BBC Latin America analyst James Painter. Many Bolivians of European or mixed-race descent in the fertile eastern lowlands, which hold rich gas deposits and are home to extensive farms, rejected the charter. KEY REFORMS Re-election: Allows Mr Morales to stand for re-election in Dec 2009 Indigenous rights: Stresses importance of ethnicity in Bolivia's make-up. A whole chapter devoted to indigenous rights Autonomy: Power decentralised, four levels of autonomy - departmental, regional, municipal and indigenous Resources: Sets out state control over key economic sectors, state sovereignty over vast natural gas fields Judiciary: Indigenous systems of justice same status as official existing system. Judges will be elected, and no longer appointed by Congress. Land: New limit on ownership 5,000 hectares (12,355). But measure is not retroactive.
Reform struggle ahead The referendum was badly defeated in the opposition strongholds of Santa Cruz, Tarija, Beni and Pando, early results suggested. "The 'No' vote has put the brakes on the fools who wanted to destroy our country," said opposition leader and Santa Cruz Governor Ruben Costas. The original draft of the constitution was more radical but Mr Morales made concessions after violent protests against his rule, including a promise that he would not try to win a third term in 2014. Elections are set for December, when the president, vice-president and Congress will be chosen. Under pressure from wealthy ranchers, who feared their farms would be broken up and handed over to the poor, Mr Morales also revised the charter so that limits on land holdings will only apply to future land sales. The new constitution enshrines state control over key economic sectors, and grants greater autonomy not only for the nine departments but also for indigenous communities. But these clauses regarding layers of autonomy could lead to a raft of competing claims, correspondents say. The exact implementation of the new charter is also far from certain. Several articles have to be approved in Congress where Mr Morales does not have a majority in the Senate. Analysts say that another problem facing the Morales administration is that in the last three years it has benefited from the commodity boom but is now facing a major fall in the price of its main exports, minerals and gas. Final results are expected in about 10 days.
Bookmark with: Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon What are these? E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Get the biggest Middlesbrough FC stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
There was some further evidence from the trip to Bloomfield Road of 'message received' from that matchday squad in response to what Boro's Head Coach has being trying to get across to his charges.
You can't help feel that Karanka will also have been pleased by the reaction of someone not on the pitch last Saturday, Kei Kamara - out of the squad recently, through a serious knee injury.
You can imagine that, 'dedicated', 'working hard with the medical team', 'back in training ahead of schedule', 'been travelling with the team to stay part of the set-up and study what the Coach is trying to do' will be just what's required and typical of the bloke.
Couple that with a full ninety and two goals in an U21 game against Arsenal earlier in the week and it seems likely that the Sierra Leone international will be straight into the squad for tomorrow's Addicks encounter at The Riverside, if not the starting eleven.
Even if he judges that Kamara's recovery can encompass going from the first whistle, Karanka may want to recognise the men in possession of the shirt, just as he did with Omeruo last weekend.
Juke and Mainy have worked hard enough for the team in Kamara's absence, though they've hardly set the world on fire with their goalscoring .
Mind you, the returnee had gone off the boil somewhat in that aspect before he picked up the injury at Birmingham.
The re-appearance of Kamara, who can also play wide in the attacking midfield three, will have helped in the club's considerations about bringing in goal-scoring line leader reinforcements.
Jutkiewicz being moved on to free up headroom for incoming now represents less of a risk and rumours abound that potential suitors at Ewood are about to come into some cash for Jordan Rhodes.
Becchio and Sharp have been a longstanding target .
Though both would be complimentary as a pair and very decent additions, the Argentinian seems closer to the template that Karanka is looking for and their clubs reasonably placed for a do-able deal on wages.
I don't understand the rumoured interest in Doyle , though.
(Image: Action Images / Andrew Couldridge)
'Off the boil' is the least of it as far as the expensively waged Wolves forward is concerned.
I don't see how he improves Boro's squad, and the League One club don't seem to want to split wages for loan deals.
Rhys Williams appears to be the other player attracting interest at present with high-flying Burnley, where the defender enjoyed a successful loan a few years ago, looking to be in pole position.
Like Boro, the Turf Moor outfit aren't flush with cash but they might consider the investment worth it in pursuit of squad strength, seeking to sustain a strong second half to the season.
With Chelski youngster Omeruo now on the books , Boro might well be tempted, though Ayala's loan extension is yet to be settled.
Another long-ish term target with the same club alma mater as Omeruo but more Championship pedigree, Nathanial Chalobah has just been signed on loan , too.
The young man impressed in midfield for Watford last season, somewhat less so for the Tricky Trees this .
With his tough tackling, decent engine and defensive capabilities that have Mourinho believing he may end up in the back line, Chalobah will give Karanka options for the ‘holding' midfield role and the ‘box to box' slot.
I don't think he'll figure tomorrow, though.
As for the outgoing, The Addicks are now under Belgian ownership, so Gibbo and Bausor might welcome a Haroun-shaped Directors' Box chat with Roland Duchatelet, given his interests in his home country.
All of this means that the runes will be being read from Karanka's team and squad selections for tomorrow's game against a struggling Charlton that The Reds can do the double over.
Whatever the transfer window ‘noises off', the Boro Head Coach's attention will be focused on ensuring that those who pass his ‘hard to get a place, easy to lose it' muster are exclusively tuned into winning a game that's his highest priority – because it's the next one.
With his newly-extended contract, Dimi Konstantopoulos, will surely be bench back-up to Shay Given who's nailed on as Boro's number one with custodian.
George Friend's interesting TV piece on the Northern League, aired this week, can only have enhanced the sort of ‘graft' perspectives that he has shown regularly but which are now harnessed to exercising his defensive craft as his first priority.
If the left back is amongst the first inked onto the team sheet, there are more choices to make across the rest of the back four.
How Karanka exercises those against his principles and the transfer window influences will be an area of great interest for tomorrow's team.
Ahead of them, I believe that Leadbitter and Whitehead will be the engine room two.
For the flexible front four, there are the same sorts of dilemmas for Karanka as the back line poses with only Albert Adomah a near-certainty to start.
Whether Carayol's Bloomfield Road brace from the bench gets him a start will depend on how he's reacted in training to Karanka's ‘consistency' message, beyond ruefully acknowledging that the Head Coach is ‘never happy'.
If the player selections aren't yet certain, the way Karanka will want them to play is abundantly clear, simple but profound in the way that Jack Charlton's approach was when he shaped his Boro up forty years ago this season.
Beyond the sort of limited horizon the Head Coach prefers to focus on, the challenge ahead isn't to be underestimated.
If Boro are to better my ‘top ten but not top six' projection, their returns will need to average just short of two points a game – automatic promotion form.
That's a big ask and it means that shipping any points tomorrow would put a small but significant dent in the progress recently established in the turnround ‘under new management'.
Overcoming the immediate challenge presented by Charlton tomorrow isn't to be underestimated either.
This is The Championship, after all, and they've picked up some useful points on their travels in the back end of 2013. That's ‘points' in the sense of a series of draws – you have to go further back for their two wins on the road.
The Addicks are unbeaten in five in all competitions and have less game time in their legs than their Boro counterparts given two postponements in January due to The Valley pitch being waterlogged.
Against that, they had to battle back from two goals down on their mudbath of a pitch to a two all FA Cup draw with Oxford in a game re-arranged – for the second time - to last Tuesday evening.
Their top scorer, Kermorgant, got the equaliser with a stunning volley with less than ten minutes to go.
Boro subdued him in their one nil win in South London earlier in the season and will have learned yet more about his tendencies to ‘simulation' and whinging alongside his goal threat.
Nonetheless, this is a game that Karanka's Boro will be expected to win. I think that they're now getting to the point in their development where they can live with that expectation and deliver.
C'mon Boro!!!
Read more of John Powls' columns
A Pennsylvania woman has been found guilty of downloading child pornography in a failed attempt to frame her estranged husband.
Meri Jane Woods, of Clymer, was convicted Wednesday in Indiana County.
District Attorney Patrick Dougherty says the 43-year-old Woods downloaded 40 images to the family computer, took it to police last August and blamed Matthew Woods for the material.
But when police examined time stamps, they determined the images had been downloaded more than two weeks after Meri Woods had her husband kicked out of their home with a protection-from-abuse order.
Woods' attorney had argued the time stamps were unreliable.
The Indiana Gazette (http://bit.ly/1robaPs) says Woods faces up to nine years in prison when she's sentenced Dec. 15. She may also have to register as a Megan's Law offender.
___
Information from: The Indiana Gazette, http://www.indianagazette.com
The Trail Blazers were facing some tough questions coming into this offseason. With LaMarcus Aldridge ready to leave, they had to decide between trying to stay relevant or going into rebuilding mode.
They went with the latter approach, but not in the way most teams do. Instead of stripping away all semblance of NBA talent from their roster to bottom out, they decided to get worse without becoming horrid.
As soon as it became clear that Aldridge was likely to leave, general manager Neil Olshey cleared the deck of highly compensated veterans, losing Wesley Matthews, Robin Lopez and Nicolas Batum. Going young was the mandate, but unlike other front offices, Portland didn't sit out free agency. The idea was to sign players who had showed they belonged in the NBA, but were not established enough to command high salaries or costly returns on trades.
Mason Plumlee and Ed Davis were productive backups. Al-Farouq Aminu's offensive game is a work in progress, but he emerged as a defensive ace for the Mavericks last season. Second-year big man Noah Vonleh and fourth-year forward Maurice Harkless are young enough to have some untapped potential.
The questions marks surrounding those prospects reduced their value, which made them worthy gambles. Aminu will make $30 million over four years and Davis $20 million over three years. Both of their contracts decline as the years go by, just as the cap is expected to rise. Those could end up being steals for players who can offer quality minutes next season and are young enough to develop further.
The rest of the arriving players are on rookie contracts. Vonleh was the centerpiece of the deal that sent Batum -- who can opt out of his contract after this season -- to the Hornets. The Nets received the 23rd pick in the draft, Rondae Hollis-Jefferson, for Plumlee. Harkless is the biggest gamble, but he was acquired for the cheap price of a second-round pick. They are all joining third-year guard C.J. McCollum and fourth-year big man Meyers Leonard, youngsters who were already on the roster, as a supporting cast for All-Star point guard Damian Lillard, himself only in his fourth year.
In making these moves, the Blazers went into a full youth movement without completely sacrificing their talent level or relying exclusively on rookies or D-League-quality players. Because they play in the brutal West and some of the East bottom feeders have gotten better, they will have the chance to put a competitive team on the floor and still lose enough games to pick in the top half of the lottery.
This approach stands out in contrast to the 76ers' recent strategy. Portland's supporting players have NBA experience. Philadelphia's are recent draft picks and players bouncing around the fringes of the league. The Trail Blazers didn't strip the cupboard completely bare. They have taken bets on established talents that still have room to improve, whereas the 76ers have waited to take that step until they find their franchise cornerstone(s). (It helps that Portland already has a player of Lillard's caliber, whereas the 76ers do not.)
If the Blazers can look like and up-and-coming team even if their record is bad, that opens up the option of signing a quality free agent, which at this point is not available to Philadelphia. Portland is not a traditional free agency destination, so it's hard to imagine the likes of Kevin Durant or Al Horford signing there. Second-tier players like DeMar DeRozan and Ryan Anderson, however, could be legitimate targets. With a couple good signings and some internal improvement, Portland could return to the playoff picture quickly.
That ability to accelerate the rebuild is what separates them from other teams that go into full tank mode. Unlike those franchises, the Blazers not only have a lot of cap space, but also a couple of high-upside prospects on the roster, a star in tow, a potentially high pick in the next draft coming and a supporting cast already in place on affordable deals. That's not a bad place to be only weeks after losing a franchise player in free agency.
Like any other rebuilding path, there's risk involved in the approach Portland is taking. If a couple of the players they have added outperform expectations, they could end up with a late lottery pick and no shot at a franchise-altering talent. Most teams will have cap space next season, including some that are closer to contention than the Blazers, so reinforcements might not come in free agency. If that happens, mediocrity will be hard to avoid. The free agent signings they did make could also stagnate and fail to perform up to the standards of their current contracts. If any of those things happen, it helps validate the 76ers' strip-it-down approach as the best way to build a contender from scratch.
Yet it's still interesting to see an NBA team rebuild differently. There's no way of knowing how things will turn out, but there's reason for optimism in Portland.
Swiss president will pay a three-day visit to beginning Wednesday during which both sides will hold extensive talks on entire gamut of bilateral relationship including on ways to ramp up trade and investment ties.
Leuthard will meet President and hold talks with Prime Minister Narendra Modi, the ministry of external affairs (MEA) said.
In the talks, the Indian side may raise the issue of stashed by Indians in Swiss banks.
" and enjoy robust economic ties, with being seventh largest trading partner and eleventh largest foreign investor for
"Both countries share common views on many major global issues. The upcoming visit will provide an opportunity to both sides for holding wide-ranging discussions on bilateral, global and regional issues of mutual interest," the MEA said in a statement.
Leuthard will be accompanied by senior officials and a large business delegation of leading Swiss companies.
Swiss Presidents have visited India on three occasions earlier in 1998, 2003 and 2007.
Besides Vice President M Venkaiah Naidu, members of the council of ministers including the minister for external affairs will also call on the Swiss president separately.
Modi had visited in June last year during which the country had announced its support to India's membership of the
The two countries had also resolved to strengthen cooperation in combating tax evasion and
Modi, then, had said combating the menace of and tax evasion was "shared priority" for both the countries.
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
Several police stations and prisons were targeted by revolutionaries with ties to the Muslim Brotherhood, an international organization that had recently announced its support of the uprising, resulting in the systematic jailbreak of over 20,000 inmates, including a handful of high-level members of the Brotherhood (one of whom, Mohammed Morsi, would eventually become president -- until he would get deposed just a year later when the whole thing repeated itself). The police realized they were outnumbered and left the citizens to fend for themselves.
And, the second the last cop dropped his riot shield and ran screaming over the horizon, roving gangs of looters began rampaging unchecked through the streets like platoons of Australian motorcycle raiders. Rational non-maniacs like Adam had to band together to try to keep people safe once the cops pulled out. "People took to the streets and formed checkpoints in their neighborhoods ... if you did not know who your neighbors were, then you ran the risk of not knowing who was a potential threat and who was not, and, more importantly, it would be difficult to determine who could be trusted if push came to shove (as it sometimes did)."
Peter Macdiarmid/Getty Images News/Getty Images
If you don't know which checkpoints are manned by assholes, you'll have to assume they all are.
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
In other words, if the only time you ever exchange words with your neighbor is to ask if he would mind turning C&C Music Factory down a few decibels, chances are you wouldn't be able to team up and form a New World Coalition in the event that society breaks down. You'll be on your own, and that's a problem. "The more tightly knit communities fared the best; when they pooled their resources, they took control of larger areas and were able to tightly control access through a consistent presence ... safety in numbers held true, particularly in terms of reducing soft target appeal. Why attack a place that is protected by 20 armed people when there are areas with barely anyone in the street?"
Ed Giles/Getty Images News/Getty Images
"One gun, two hats? We like our odds."
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
So if your apocalypse strategy is to barricade yourself inside your house with a rifle and a six-month supply of SpaghettiOs, rest assured that the bunker-busting robbery squad rolling up and down your street has taken notice of the fact that you are completely alone. It's always better to be part of a like-minded group, even if it means sharing your SpaghettiOs.
While many misguided designers think that creating gadgets for women involves merely making a phone pink or giving it a makeup mirror, Suart Meloy knows what ladies are really looking for: orgasms at the push of a button. And that's just what his Orgasmatron does.
The Orgasmatron, which is currently awaiting approval by the FDA for the treatment of "female orgasm dysfunction," is a box about the size of an Altoids tin (although he's working on shrinking it to the size of a couple sticks of gum) that has two thin wires that attach to the nerves in your spine responsible for sexual pleasure. You then hit a button on the remote and hocus pocus, you get yourself one 100% real orgasm. How does it feel?
Women who have used the device say they feel as if their clitoris and vagina are actually being stimulated, to quite realistic effect. ("One woman asked me, 'Would it be considered adultery if I gave the remote control to someone other than my husband?' " Meloy says.) Some volunteers also report fleeting episodes of clenched foot muscles, Meloy says, probably a result of electrical pulses leaving the spine and stimulating nearby motor nerves. (He wonders if the phenomenon might somehow be related to a common orgasm description: "My toes curled.") And when the device's pulse intensity is cranked up to maximum, Meloy says, some women find their vaginal and rectal muscles squeezing rhythmically in time with the pulses, even before the orgasmic finale.
Sounds pretty awesome to me. But I know what you're thinking: "This is all well and good for ladies, Adam, but what about me, a man who needs no help achieving orgasm but is simply greedy and lazy?" Don't worry, friend; you won't be left out in the cold.
Meloy says he has also implanted two impotent men with the device. Both volunteers were able to achieve an erection, he says, and reportedly had powerful ejaculations.
Powerful! Looks like it's back to wearing garbage bags for pants for me.
Unfortunately for the orgasm-deprived, when the Orgasmatron comes to market in two or three years it'll probably cost about $12,000, which is gonna be tough to justify for most people. Personally, the traditional method has always worked just fine for me, but when it comes to the big O I can't judge anyone for going out of their way to guarantee results. [LA Times via io9]
Advertisement
I've been meaning to write about Rimbaud for some time now. His poetry has been immensely inspiring to me and to others whose work I respect, like Bob Dylan and Allen Ginsberg. Let's begin with the most obvious –
Yeah, that's one 17 year old Rimbaud in his natural habitat. He wrote most of his poetry as a teenager and gave up on writing just 3 years after this picture was taken. This is very important and sometimes keeps me up at night. Realizing what he could write at age 17 is one of the few things that makes ME want to give up on writing… I don't think the world would notice either way though, so let's sail on.
He rejected everything – his mother, god, the army. When reading his poetry he said “shit” after every line. Took drugs, ran away from home several times and reveled in obscenity and filth. But that's what teenagers do, I hear you quietly mutter in your wicker chair? Well… maybe now, but definitely not in the 1870's. Back then you farmed some beets and died. No fanciness – only beets and death.
I first came to Rimbaud through Bob Dylan. Both share the skill of crafting intricate, visual landscapes of memories or pictures that jump deep inside you and never let you go. Don't believe me? Get out of your goddamn wicker chair and let's compare notes. Jesus.
Like Rimbaud, Dylan often jumped perspectives. Looking at himself from afar and judging the uselessness.. nay, helplessness of the “I” as a thought or a feeling is formed. “He's sure got a lot of gall, to be so useless and all, muttering small talk at the wall, while I'm in the hall. How can I explain, oh it's so hard to get on. And these visions of Johanna, they kept me up past the dawn.” Notice how Dylan introduces the “I” and “Him” in the same verse. Dylan, like Rimbaud, enjoyed this divide in his identity.
Rimbaud: “For I is someone else. If brass wakes up a trumpet, it is not its fault. This is obvious to me: I am present at this birth of my thought: I watch it and listen to it: I draw a stroke of the bow: the symphony makes its stir in the depths, or comes on to the stage in a leap.” Rimbaud is helpless, like Dylan, against what he feels and envisions. All he can do is watch, forlorn, from the corner of his mind. This is brought on by the combination of a very sharp analytical skill and a sensitive mind, receptive to outside influence.
Both Bob and Rimbaud had very interesting lives, with decision-making constantly forced upon them. They both realized that you need to challenge and change your path, drive for experience and emotion and stock up on things to write about. Rimbaud wanted to transcend to a new form of poetry through what he described as a “long, intimidating, immense and rational derangement of all the senses. The sufferings are enormous, but one must be strong, be born a poet, and I have recognized myself as a poet.”
Or like Dylan: “Behind every beautiful thing there is some kind of pain.”
Let's jump to Allen Ginsberg who I mentioned earlier, shall we? No need to get up. Oh? Well you can sit back down now.
Allen Ginsberg is one of the greatest American poets ever in the human history of the mammal world. And I'll duel anyone who says otherwise. Like Bob Dylan, Ginsberg was greatly influenced by Rimbaud's work, proclaiming him as “The First Punk”
From his lecture in 1975: “I was, in fact, physically, erotically, in love with Rimbaud when I was 18. It was my first.. “Voici le temps des Assassins” – that turned me on completely – and I went downtown to Times Square to meet a local criminal world with their “petty crime howling in the mud of the streets“.
That last line is from a Rimbaud poem “City” Noticing anything about it? No rush.
Yeah? Well- nah you got it…
If Ginsberg's “Howl” sprang to mind, you've earned some beef jerky, or cake. Either one is fine. I'd prefer jerky… but we ARE reading about punks and poets so I guess you can do what you want…
Oh okay.
While you eat your “not-beef-jerky” I'll whisper you some interesting things about Ginsberg and Rimbaud. It's raining outside now. Ever seen London soaked in rain? Beautiful people passing our window, dressed in the sounds of rainfall. It's very easy to find yourself in a poem.
Let's see how Howl starts.
I saw the best minds of my generation destroyed by
madness, starving hysterical naked,
dragging themselves through the negro streets at dawn
looking for an angry fix,
angelheaded hipsters burning for the ancient heavenly
connection to the starry dynamo in the machin-
ery of night,
who poverty and tatters and hollow-eyed and high sat
up smoking in the supernatural darkness of
cold-water flats floating across the tops of cities
contemplating jazz
Now let's push in some Rimbaud:
I saw with his eyes the blue sky and the flower-filled work of the fields; I followed his fatal scent through city streets. He had more strength than the saints, more sense than any explorer – and he, he alone! was witness to his glory and his rightness.
Along the open road on winter nights, homeless, cold, and hungry, one voice gripped my frozen heart: “Weakness or strength: you exist, that is strength. You don't know where you are going or why you are going, go in everywhere, answer everyone. No one will kill you, any more than if you were a corpse.” In the morning my eyes were so vacant and my face so dead, that the people I met may not even have seen me.
In cities, mud went suddenly red and black, like a mirror when a lamp in the next room moves, like treasure in the forest! Good luck, I cried, and I saw a sea of flames and smoke rise to heaven; and left and right, all wealth exploded like a billion thunderbolts.
There are similarities and you can see where Rimbaud has influenced Allen. It's the stark, surrealist imagination that both of their writing possesses. It jumps off the page and conjures up a memory, a scene, even a sense smell. As Allen wrote to his professor when studying in Columbia: “Season in Hell seems to me the most individually expressive poetry I have run across—more than any poet, I can understand the personality—half childish, half sardonic, somewhat sentimental, furious, jealously personal and strikingly dispassionate—from the poetry. I mean, it is so compressed and flexible that it contains whole visions in a single line. To me it is pretty clearly the work of genius, and so despite your lack of enthusiasm I continue to admire Rimbaud unabashedly. “
This is what all of these three poets have in common – they all have the ability to confine complex, immensely specific imagery into a single line.
I'm gonna leave you with some examples from all three.
Let's start with Allen Ginsberg, one of my favorite poems of his called “Kaddish”. Allen's mother had numerous psychotic episodes and was admitted to a psychiatric hospital, where she later died. The poem recounts the tale of a young Allen Ginsberg visiting her ill mother in the asylum. He was around 13 years old. A 13 year old trying to understand his mother slowly losing her mind and the concept of insane asylums. Reading this you can feel yourself transported next to this young poet and every line gives us a perfect understanding of confusion, sadness and hurt Allen felt.
‘Are you a spy?' I sat at the sour table, eyes filling with tears—‘Who are you? Did Louis send you?—The wires—'
in her hair, as she beat on her head—‘I'm not a bad girl—don't murder me!—I hear the ceiling—I raised two children—'
Two years since I'd been there—I started to cry—She stared—nurse broke up the meeting a moment—I went into the bathroom to hide, against the toilet white walls
‘The Horror' I'm weeping—to see her again—‘The Horror'—as if she were dead thru funeral rot in—‘The Horror!'
I came back she yelled more—they led her away—‘You're not Allen—' I watched her face—but she passed by me, not looking—
Opened the door to the ward,—she went thru without a glance back, quiet suddenly—I stared out—she looked old—the verge of the grave—‘All the Horror!'
Next we go to Bob Dylan and one of my favorite songs of his “Visions of Johanna” A song that contains the line that inspired me to become a poet. Can you guess what it is?
“Visions of Johanna” achieves a mature, lyrically complex, surrealist cocktail. It manages to stay incredibly lucid and indecipherable at the same time, it sounds like liquid mercury ALMOST forming into a describable vision only to blow away like smoke. From the opening line we are thrown into an almost fever-like dream, with a spine of truth hiding in the shadows.
Ain't it just like the night to play tricks when you're tryin' to be so quiet ?
We sit here stranded, though we're all doin our best to deny it
And Louise holds a handfull of rain, tempting you to defy it
Lights flicker from the opposite loft
In this room the heat pipes just cough
The country music station plays soft
But there's nothing really nothing to turn off
[…]
Louise she's all right she's just near
She's delicate and seems like the mirror
But she just makes it all too concise and too clear
That Johanna's not here
The ghost of electricity howls in the bones of her face
Where these visions of Johanna have now taken my place.
And lastly we end up back in the comforting visions of Rimbaud. But I've done enough explaining for today and the rain has started up just the right rhythm for you to enjoy this poem in peace. Take a long look out of our window.. go on… clear your mind of all your troubles. It's okay you chose cake, no really… Pour yourself a nice glass of wine, light a cigar, stuff the pipe, roll a joint and don't talk to your friends. If anybody asks, you're inside a poem.
Ophelia I On the calm black water where the stars are sleeping
White Ophelia floats like a great lily ;
Floats very slowly, lying in her long veils…
– In the far-off woods you can hear them sound the mort. For more than a thousand years sad Ophelia
Has passed, a white phantom, down the long black river.
For more than a thousand years her sweet madness
Has murmured its ballad to the evening breeze. The wind kisses her breasts and unfolds in a wreath
Her great veils rising and falling with the waters ;
The shivering willows weep on her shoulder,
The rushes lean over her wide, dreaming brow. The ruffled water-lilies are sighing around her ;
At times she rouses, in a slumbering alder,
Some nest from which escapes a small rustle of wings ;
– A mysterious anthem falls from the golden stars. II O pale Ophelia ! beautiful as snow !
Yes child, you died, carried off by a river !
– It was the winds descending from the great mountains of Norway
That spoke to you in low voices of better freedom. It was a breath of wind, that, twisting your great hair,
Brought strange rumors to your dreaming mind ;
It was your heart listening to the song of Nature
In the groans of the tree and the sighs of the nights ; It was the voice of mad seas, the great roar,
That shattered your child's heart, too human and too soft ;
It was a handsome pale knight, a poor madman
Who is a one April morning sate mute at your knees ! Heaven ! Love ! Freedom ! What a dream, oh poor crazed Girl !
You melted to him as snow does to a fire ;
Your great visions strangled your words
– And fearful Infinity terrified your blue eye ! III – And the poet says that by starlight
You come seeking, in the night, the flowers that you picked
And that he has seen on the water, lying in her long veils
White Ophelia floating, like a great lily.
An Amtrak train derailed on Monday outside Seattle, causing at least six deaths. The derailment occurred while the high-speed train was crossing a bridge over Interstate 5, approximately 40 miles south of the city. Initial reports say at least 70 people were also injured.
Although a search and rescue is underway with an investigation to follow, those online on the far-right have already found a possible culprit: antifa.
An old blog post from a site that purports to be at the center of the antifacist movement, as well as an initial report from the scene, has those on the right rushing to insist that the antifa movement is behind it.
Law enforcement needs to take a long hard look at #ANTIFA and their allied groups during the investigation into this fatal Amtrak derailment. They've used concrete to obstruct train tracks as a terror tactic in that same region. pic.twitter.com/1p2gmoNZMs — John Cardillo (@johncardillo) December 18, 2017
https://twitter.com/Cernovich/status/942828822600212480
The article was reposted from the site Puget Sound Anarchist by It's Going Down, which says it's “a digital community center from anarchist, anti-fascist, autonomous anti-capitalist and anti-colonial movements.”
The post in question, “Olympia, WA: Train Tracks Sabotage To Stop Fracking Equipment,” was published in April and is no longer on the site.
The first paragraph of the story reads, “Early in the morning of April 20th we poured concrete on the train tracks that lead out of the Port of Olympia to block any trains from using the tracks. We took precautions to notify BNSF (the train company)—we called them and we used wires to send a signal that the tracks were blocked. We did this not to avoid damaging a train, nothing would bring bigger grins to our faces, but to avoid the risk of injuring railway workers.”
In November, in Olympia, Washington, a blockade of the Port of Olympia lasted for 12 days. The blockade was not specifically tied to antifa, but was protesting fracking in the area by building an encampment on the railroad tracks.
After the blockade, Puget Sound Anarchists published a post about activists claiming to disrupt train traffic, that said it was in response to police ending the Olympia blockade.
#Amtrak
MORE evidence pointing to #Altleft #Antifa anarchists responsible for train crash in washington killing passengers pic.twitter.com/1KYnfL2S5k — She Fightz Studios (@SheFightz) December 18, 2017
Those two reports combined—which both center around fracking and mention steps taken to prevent loss of life—has led sites of the “alt-right,” the loose collection of conservatives that include white supremacists, to publish pieces about antifa and Amtrak.
The Gateway Pundit ran with a story titled “FLASHBACK: ANTIFA TERRORISTS Sabotaged Train in Olympia 3 WEEKS AGO – Today Train Wreck Kills 6.” Infowars also jumped in.
Editor's Note: This since-deleted article from It's Going Down, an #Antifa affiliate, reveals how leftist activists planned on derailing freight trains near Tacoma, Washington, by pouring concrete on tracks – https://t.co/eZd5anIRbo #Amtrak #MondayMotivation #WakeUpAmerica — infowars (@infowars) December 18, 2017
The far-right has frequently attempted to paint tragedies as the responsibility of antifa: In the wake of the Las Vegas shooting, as reports rolled in through the night, posters on 4chan tried to tie the mass shooting to antifa. After the Sutherland Springs, Texas, shooting, a similar narrative emerged. Neither of the two perpetrators of those crimes had ties to antifa.
Speaking with the Stranger, a spokesperson for It's Going Down called the behavior from the right absurd.
“They are trying to make anti-fascists the boogie man. They take any sort of tragedy that involves the American public, be it be mass shooting or train derailments, and connect it to popular movements like Black Lives Matter or anti-fascists because they want to associate these movements with everyday Americans being injured and killed.
Of course, the far-right thinks it could also be international terrorism.
From an investigative standpoint, we cannot leave any stone unturned w/this Amtrak derailment.https://t.co/GJg5Bbw1tu — John Cardillo (@johncardillo) December 18, 2017
On Twitter, though, the president seemed to point the blame at an infrastructure issue.
The train accident that just occurred in DuPont, WA shows more than ever why our soon-to-be submitted infrastructure plan must be approved quickly. Seven trillion dollars spent in the Middle East while our roads, bridges, tunnels, railways (and more) crumble! Not for long! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) December 18, 2017
It's probably one of the three.
This post has been updated.
A recent study involving Kansas State University researchers finds that in the coming decades at least one-quarter of the world's wheat traded will be lost to extreme weather from climate change if no adaptive measures are taken.
Vara Prasad, professor of crop ecophysiology and director of the USAID Feed the Future Sustainable Intensification Innovation Lab at Kansas State University, is part of a collaborative team that found wheat yields are projected to decrease by 6 percent for each degree Celsius the temperature rises if no measures to adapt to extreme weather fluctuations are taken.
Based on the 2012-2013 wheat harvest of 701 million tons worldwide, the resulting temperature increase would result in 42 million tons less produced wheat per degree of temperature increase. To put this in perspective, the amount is equal to a quarter of the global wheat trade, which reached 147 million tons in 2013. Changes in genetics and crop management can minimize some of these losses.
"It's pretty severe," Prasad said. "The projected effect of climate change on wheat is more than what has been forecast. That's challenging because the world will have to at least double our food supply in the next 30 years if we're going to feed 9.6 billion people."
Prasad is a co-author on the study, "Rising temperatures reduce global wheat production," published in a recent issue of the scientific journal Nature Climate Change.
For the study, researchers systematically tested 30 wheat crop models against field experiments from around the world that were conducted in areas where the average temperature of the growing season ranged from 15 to 32 degrees Celsius. The models accounted for planting dates, planting rates, temperatures and other crop management factors.
With the models, researchers were able to look at the effects of temperature stresses on wheat and predict future changes based on temperature changes.
Researchers found that the effects from climate change and its increasing temperatures on wheat will be more severe than once projected and are happening sooner than expected. While Prasad said increases in the average temperature are problematic, a bigger challenge is the extreme temperatures that are resulting from climate change.
"Extreme temperature doesn't only mean heat; it also means cold," Prasad said. "Simply looking at the average temperature doesn't really show us anything because it's the extremities that are more detrimental to crops. Plants can handle gradual changes because they have time to adapt, but an extreme heat wave or cold snap can kill a plant because that adjustment period is often nonexistent."
Researchers also found that increasing temperatures are shortening the time frame that wheat plants have to mature and produce full heads for harvest, resulting in less grain produced from each plant.
"It's like having one minute to fill a tall glass with water. Under optimal conditions, we can fill that glass pretty well," Prasad said. "But now we're factoring in extreme temperatures that are affecting the growing window and the grain size. So it becomes like trying to fill that same glass, but now we only have 40 seconds to do it and the faucet is running slower."
Currently, Prasad and colleagues at Kansas State University, in collaboration with the university's Wheat Genetics Resource Center, are using growth chambers and heats tents to quantify the effects of temperature and to identify heat tolerant sources of wheat. The data will help in refining the crop models so that they can be more accurate in predicting wheat responses.
Their work will help scientists develop more robust models that can help farmers globally select more weather-tolerant and resilient wheat varieties based on their location. Additionally, farmers can determine the optimal planting date to avoid stress and minimize possible exposure to extreme weather events, such as heat and cold snaps, during the growing season.
Kansas is the No. 1 wheat-producing state in the U.S., growing 9.4 million acres of wheat in 2014.
It looks like those Lego -branded Digital Blue devices we've been on the lookout for are starting to see the light of day. This prototype video camera was snapped at the toy fair in Nuremberg -- not too many details at this point, but we're sort of bummed that this one doesn't have the handmade look of the walkie talkie and digital camera we peeped earlier . At least it doesn't look like there are many parts for your child to swallow.We've got some new details, care of Kids Tech Review . The flip-out display has a 1.4-inch color LCD panel, there's five-way navigation on the back and a detachable remote control. No word on what format or resolution it records in, but blocky shooter is due out this summer / fall for $80.[Thanks, Brian]
I was checking out our new Whole Foods 365 store, and saw bunches of kale on sale for 50 cents. Sale kale? Pressure cooker time!
I know, I know, “Whole Paycheck”…but I always like having another option for good ingredients. And, as I've said before, if you want good vegetables, go to a store that caters to vegetarians. (And, I was pleasantly surprised by how low the prices are. Not sure if it's the Whole Foods 365 concept, or the Amazon.com influence, but the prices seemed reasonable.)
This is my pressure cooker kale basic technique by way of China. Or, at least Chinese-American. It is inspired by the plates of steamed Chinese vegetables I order at dim sum restaurants. (I need a little something green to counteract all the steamed dumplings and sticky buns.)
If there's a trick to this recipe, it's trimming the kale, and cutting out the thick inner stem. That prep work takes as long as the rest of the recipe. When I'm in a hurry – and the kale sale is over – I will cheat and buy bags of pre-washed, pre-trimmed kale. Hey, sometimes you just need an easy green side dish, you know?
Video: Pressure Cooker Chinese Kale – Time Lapse (1:33)
Pressure Cooker Chinese Kale [YouTube.com]
Pressure Cooker Chinese Kale ★★★★★ 5 from 1 reviews Author: Mike Vrobel
Prep Time: Prep Time: 10 minutes
Cook Time: Cook Time: 10 minutes
Total Time: Total Time: 20 minutes
Yield: Yield: 4-6 servings
Category: Category: Side dish
Method: Method: Pressure Cooker
Cuisine: Cuisine: Chinese Print Recipe Pin Recipe Description Pressure Cooker Chinese Kale. A quick green side dish from the pressure cooker. Ingredients 1 tablespoon peanut oil (or vegetable oil)
3 cloves garlic, sliced thin
1/2 inch slice of ginger, peeled and crushed
1 scallion (green onion), trimmed and sliced things
1 pound kale, cleaned and stems trimmed
1/2 teaspoon fine sea salt (or Sichuan Roasted Pepper Salt)
1/2 cup water (or the minimum amount for your cooker)
1 tablespoon soy sauce
1 tablespoon oyster sauce
1 teaspoon toasted sesame oil Instructions Lightly sauté the garlic, ginger, and scallion, then add the kale: Pour the oil into the bottom of the pressure cooker pot, and add the garlic, ginger, and scallion to the cold pan. Then turn on sauté mode in an electric PC or set the pot over medium heat in a stovetop PC. (Starting with a cold pan helps toast the garlic without burning it.) Heat until the garlic just starts to sizzle – we want it to bubble around the edges, but not brown – about 3 minutes. Stir a big handful of the kale, tossing to coat with the garlicky oil, then start packing in the rest of the kale. Don't worry about the max fill line on the cooker – it will wilt quickly – but you need to pack it in enough to close the lid. Sprinkle the kale with the 1/2 teaspoon fine sea salt, then pour the water over the top of everything. Pressure cook the kale for 5 minutes with a quick release: Lock the lid on the pressure cooker, bring it up to high pressure, and cook at high pressure for 5 minutes (for either electric or stovetop PC). Quick release the pressure. Remove the lid carefully – the steam is hot enough to scald. Season and serve: Drizzle the soy sauce, oyster sauce, and sesame oil over the kale in the pot, and toss to coat. Scoop the kale out of the pot with a slotted spoon or tongs, leaving as much liquid behind as possible. Serve. Notes Don't feel like trimming kale? Get a bag of pre-washed and trimmed kale. Look near the bagged salads. It won't be as fresh as the bunches of kale…but sometimes perfect is the enemy of good enough. Tools This recipe fits in a 6 quart or larger pressure cooker. (I love my 6 quart Instant Pot)
Tongs are my hands in the kitchen. They are the right tool for tossing and packing the kale in the pot, and then for scooping out the kale and leaving the excess liquid behind.
What do you think?
Questions? Other ideas? Leave them in the comments section below.
Related Posts
Pressure Cooker Chinese Ribs
Pressure Cooker Baby Bok Choy
Pressure Cooker Chinese Pepper Steak
My other Pressure Cooker Recipes
My other Pressure Cooker Time Lapse Videos
Enjoyed this post? Want to help out DadCooksDinner? Subscribe to DadCooksDinner via eMail and share this post with your friends. Want to contribute directly? Donate to my Tip Jar, or buy something from Amazon.com through the links on this site. Thank you.
Eric Prydz announces release date for debut studio album, ‘Opus'
The news progressive house fans have been waiting for has finally arrived. Prodigious leader Eric Prydz has announced an official release date for his debut artist album, which carries the same name as his hit single “Opus” – February 5th.
Prydz is also breaking new ground with EPIC 4.0. Previously set to occur only in one city, the Mouseville boss posted on his Facebook a “Phase 1” tour announcement for the event, which is slated to take place in Los Angeles, New York, and San Francisco thus far. Since EPIC's last iteration at Madison Square Garden in 2014, the lasers, 3D holograms and other cutting-edge aspects that compose Prydz's production have been revamped to give fans a new and improved visual experience in the coming year.
Eric Prydz – EPIC 4.0 Phase 1
New York City – Terminal 5 – 02/13 & 02/14
Los Angeles – Palladium – 02/19 & 02/20
San Francisco – The Armory – 02/27
Read More:
Eric Prydz rocks Beats 1 with his fourth radio episode
Watch This: Eric Prydz's ‘Pjanoo' gets turned into epic orchestral performance
Eric Prydz wins Reddit's Top 100 DJs poll
Categories: Music
Last season, Colts quarterback Andrew Luck missed nine games due to various injuries, amounting to a very rough year overall. He rehabbed those injuries, though there was some controversy and concern earlier this offseason about whether he was fully healthy.
The more recent indications have all been that he truly is ready to go, and the latest one is the strongest: Luck is working with no limitations as the Colts begin OTAs. Head coach Chuck Pagano indicated as much in his press conference on Tuesday, and Luck himself confirmed it when speaking to the media. He's working with no limitation and has participated in every drill during practice.
With that said, however, Pagano made it clear that the Colts will continue to monitor the situation (just like they do with every player) and are willing to give Luck some time off or some limitations if need be.
"We're going to be very, very smart with how we handle all of these guys, and so our trainers do a great job," Pagano said. "Dave Hammer and Erin Barill and Kyle [Davis] and the rest do a phenomenal job of communicating with us, and the players do a great job job of communicating with them so we're all on the same page. If anybody comes in and those guys communicate with us and we have to put somebody on a pitch count, if you will, for whatever reason, obviously we'll do that."
So far, so good for Andrew Luck though, and Pagano said he's just "really, really happy to be back on the football field and playing football." The coach also talked about how Luck looks while on the field, and that too is a positive report.
"He looks really good," Pagano said. "I think he's in a good place, and like everybody else he's learning right now and he's working on his fundamentals and his techniques and his comeback, and he obviously looked at himself and the body of work that he had. I know he missed a lot of time, but he's done a great job and he's progressing like everybody else."
For all of those concerns about Andrew Luck's health, it appears as if the quarterback has truly put those injuries behind him as he works toward a bounceback 2016 campaign.
More Puzzling Radio Bursts From Deep Space
Astronomers have detected very fast bursts of radio waves coming from deep in outer space and they don't know the source.
Scientists initially detected the pulses at the Parkes Observatory in Australia, but the bursts were not confirmed by another radio telescope facility until now.
A team at the Arecibo Observatory in Puerto Rico detected the pulse on November 2, 2012. Arecibo boasts the world's largest and most sensitive radio telescope, with a radio-mirror dish spanning 305 meters and covering about 20 acres.
“Our result is important because it eliminates any doubt that these radio bursts are truly of cosmic origin,” says Victoria Kaspi, an astrophysics professor at McGill University in Montreal and principal investigator for the pulsar-survey project that detected this fast radio burst.
“The radio waves show every sign of having come from far outside our galaxy—a really exciting prospect.”
Mysterious Source
Exactly what may be causing such radio bursts represents a major new enigma for astrophysicists. Possibilities include a range of exotic astrophysical objects, such as evaporating black holes, mergers of neutron stars, or flares from magnetars—a type of neutron star with extremely powerful magnetic fields.
“Another possibility is that they are bursts much brighter than the giant pulses seen from some pulsars,” notes James Cordes, a professor of astronomy at Cornell University and coauthor of the new study published in the Astrophysical Journal.
While fast radio bursts last just a few thousandths of a second and have rarely been detected, the international team of scientists reporting the Arecibo finding confirm previous estimates that these strange cosmic bursts occur roughly 10,000 times a day over the whole sky.
This astonishingly large number is inferred by calculating how much sky was observed, and for how long, in order to make the few detections that have so far been reported.
“The brightness and duration of this event, and the inferred rate at which these bursts occur, are all consistent with the properties of the bursts previously detected by the Parkes telescope in Australia,” says Laura Spitler, lead author of the new paper. Spitler, now a postdoctoral researcher at the Max Planck Institute for Radio Astronomy in Bonn, Germany, was a PhD student at Cornell when the research work began.
The bursts appear to be coming from beyond the Milky Way galaxy based on measurement of an effect known as plasma dispersion. Pulses that travel through the cosmos are distinguished from human-made interference by the effect of interstellar electrons, which cause radio waves to travel more slowly at lower radio frequencies.
The burst detected by the Arecibo telescope has three times the maximum dispersion measure that would be expected from a source within the galaxy, the scientists report.
The discovery was made as part of the Pulsar Arecibo L-Band Feed Array survey, which aims to find a large sample of pulsars and to discover rare objects useful for probing fundamental aspects of neutron star physics and testing theories of gravitational physics.
Efforts are now under way to detect radio bursts using radio telescopes that can observe broad swaths of the sky to help identify them. Telescopes under construction in Australia and South Africa as well as the CHIME telescope in Canada have the potential to detect fast radio bursts; astronomers say these and other new facilities could pave the way for many more discoveries and a better understanding of this mysterious cosmic phenomenon.
Grants from the European Research Council, the National Science Foundation, the Natural Sciences and Engineering Research Council of Canada, the Fonds de recherche du Québec-Nature et technologies, and the Canadian Institute for Advanced Research, among others funded the work.
Republished from Futurity.org under Creative Commons license 3.0. Read the original.
1 / 9 Wash Them Often ... Enough
Although this depends on your personal lifestyle and levels of hygiene, Nethero recommends that women wash any bra after wearing it twice. Of course, if it's a sports bra, you should at least rinse it out in cool water (cold water helps a bra maintain its elasticity) after each use to get rid of the perspiration on it so that the fabric itself isn't damaged. "You don't want to destroy the fibers in the sports bra that cause it to wick moisture," said Nethero. If you rotate through your bras, this should come out to about once a week, according to Iris Clarke, owner of <a href="http://irislingeriebrooklyn.com/index.html">Iris Lingerie</a> in Brooklyn. If you don't rotate your bras, Iris recommends making sure they are washed every three or four days. <br>
Alamy
It may be hard to accept, but a single company may have set back all of humanity.
Had Exxon Mobil listened to its own scientists rather than spread disinformation on climate change, the world might not have wasted three crucial decades during which global warming went from a prediction to a fact.
ADVERTISEMENT
Rather than apologize, Exxon Mobil's reaction to recent investigations that detail the corporation's deception on climate science has been both profane and righteously indignant. Exxon Mobil is now denying it denied climate change.
The corporation's actions, however, demonstrate something else entirely: An extensive and expensive campaign to deny climate science, deceive the American people about the health and environmental ruin caused by global warming, and stop action by governments to address Earth's rapidly accelerating climate crisis.
In 1977, Exxon scientists began to discuss the threat of disruptive climate change as a direct result of the burning of fossil fuels. The corporation launched cutting-edge research into the effects that carbon dioxide emissions would have on the climate. Based on that research, Exxon scientists warned corporate leadership that carbon dioxide emissions would warm the planet, with potentially catastrophic repercussions.
Rather than accept what their own scientists were saying, top executives at Exxon started a massive campaign of disinformation. By 1997, the chief executive of Exxon, Lee Raymond, was publicly claiming that the connection between human activities and climate change was inconclusive and uncertain. Forbes magazine wrote that Raymond “used his executive chair as a platform for espousing his disbelief in global warming.”
Exxon created advertisements that contradicted its own research on global warming. The company funded the Global Climate Coalition, an organization of companies dedicated to derailing government efforts to slash emissions from fossil fuels.
Exxon also spent millions of dollars in the form of political campaign donations, lobbying fees and public relations strategies to discredit climate science and disrupt any forceful state or federal action to cut carbon dioxide emissions. The company also supported think tanks that attempted to discredit climate science and scientists.
In 2001, Exxon Mobil lobbyists helped convince President George W. Bush to pull out of the Kyoto Protocol. By 2006, the corporation was funneling tens of millions of dollars to at least 43 organizations dedicated to discrediting climate science. Exxon Mobil opposed historic climate and energy legislation such as the American Clean Energy and Security Act, also known as the Waxman-Markey Bill. The measure died in the Senate in 2009.
Despite protests to the contrary, Exxon Mobil continues to undermine efforts to combat climate change. Last week, it asserted in a press release: “We will continue to advocate for policies that reduce emissions.” In fact, the company played a major role in stripping provisions in California's S.B. 350, which would have reduced fossil fuel consumption.
Exxon has profited from climate change even while denying it. The corporation has invested $1.7 billion in drilling rights in more than 1 million acres in the Arctic's Beaufort Sea, drilling that will only be possible as the Arctic ice breaks up and melts away, which scientists say is now virtually certain.
It's as if tobacco companies, knowing full well that cigarettes were killing millions of people, had invested in vast tracts of land to be developed into cemeteries.
A new word needs to be invented in the English language for what Exxon Mobil has done. The level of corporate hypocrisy and the potential consequences are staggering, as is the company's blatant denial of the facts of science and of its own shameful history.
That's why the U.S. Department of Justice must investigate the full extent of the corporation's actions and determine if any laws have been broken. In the past, the Department of Justice successfully prosecuted tobacco companies for denying science and profiting from it.
The department — and Congress, as needed — should guarantee full immunity for anyone who steps forward with information about Exxon Mobil's actions or about wrongdoing by other fossil fuel corporations.
The full extent of Exxon Mobil's deception deserves to be known because that may help the company change its ways. The future health of humankind, of all life on our planet, may well depend upon it.
Oreskes is professor of the history of science and affiliated professor of earth and planetary sciences at Harvard University. She is the co-author of “Merchants of Doubt.” Lieu has represented California's 33rd Congressional District since 2015. He sits on the Budget and the Oversight and Government Reform committees.
Just when you think you know a little something about the millennial generation, another piece of research drops like a bomb. Because of all the stores for them to prefer, Walmart isn't the one that naturally comes to mind.
But that's precisely the case as Walmart ranks as the preferred place to shop for millennials 24 and younger.
The group named Walmart over Target, Kroger, Whole Foods, Trader Joe's and Costco, thanks in part to its digital prowess, according to a new report by InfoScout.
"That kind of shocks a lot of people, including inside the company," Walmart CMO Stephen Quinn told AdAge. "As millennials become time-crunched with relationships and kids coming along, it's opening up a strong need for them to have a one-stop shop."
While the report didn't break down preferences by product category, the group of retailers being ranked are primarily grocers and mass merchants. If apparel were the subject, the results would likely be quite different.
No matter. Food and household staples comprise the bulk of consumer purchases, and winning the millennial customer is a priority for this group of retailers. It's particularly important to establish a relationship and create loyalty before they enter prime child-rearing years. Whole Foods' new 365 formats is aimed at doing just that.
Millennials are defying a lot of stereotypes. They may be digitally savvy, but they don't shop exclusively online or on a mobile device. There are barriers to digital shopping including a lack of access to, or a reluctance to use, credit. Small budgets mean smaller baskets that don't qualify for free shipping from many retailers. Overwhelmingly, these shoppers still prefer stores.
Walmart is growing its online operations and sales, but it is also using the medium to track young shopper's interests. The retailer has gone so far as to uncover new brands and products, then add them to their inventory.
And while many researchers like to say that millennials are cause-motivated consumers, which would seem to rule out Walmart as a destination choice, but young people in general are interested in causes. Anyone who has ever visited a college campus knows the environment is filled with earnest young adults eager to change the world.
But they are also eager to make a living and they have debts to pay, big ones. Even the most idealistic among them are looking forward to finding a mate and raising a family. And like most young people, they are on a tight budget.
"As millennials become time-crunched with relationships and kids coming along, it's opening up a strong need for them to have a one-stop shop," Quinn said.
Walmart has also spent the past decade burnishing its image. It has gone from promoting only its everyday low price value equation to campaigns that showcase employees, a commitment to U.S. made products and recently announced it would make some employee-centric changes including raising hourly wages.
Millennials may be confounding researchers and retailers, and naming Walmart their top choice among shopping destinations certainly qualifies, but they also are a product of their environment. They were raised by Baby Boomers, the very group that made Walmart the largest retailer in the world.
Dallas Cowboys owner Jerry Jones has been openly optimistic for weeks that wide receiver Dez Bryant would be ready to play after the team's bye week despite an initial recovery timetable from his broken foot that said it was unlikely.
Now we've arrived into true Week 7 preparation time, and the optimism is waning. Bryant did not participate in any team drills Wednesday, and he only worked off to the side. Translation: He's not that close to playing.
This isn't a surprise if you've been following the reporting from NFL Media Insider Ian Rapoport, who said this week that Bryant was unlikely to play. Bryant hasn't been able to make cuts and hasn't practiced since his Week 2 injury.
Coach Jason Garrett confirmed on Thursday that Bryant participated in conditioning drills Wednesday and did not rule him out for Sunday.
Matt Cassel will start at quarterback for the Cowboys on Sunday in New York, providing a glimmer of hope along with a healthier defense. Playing in the NFC East is the one bit of luck the Cowboys have had all season. When a 3-3 record is worthy of first place, they are staying within striking distance of the playoffs even without Bryant or Tony Romo.
Previous Posts
Subscribe to
Posts [Atom]
CLICK ON Papamoka Straight Talk Above for our latest posts!
***Contact US to ADVERTISE HERE!
Tell your friends about this site!
Link to this site if you LIKE it!
Thanks for vistiting Papamoka
Vote for Papamoka Today! Let your voice be heard!!!
Subscribe in a reader
Subscribe to Papamoka Straight Talk
Blog Search Engine
Blogging Fusion Blog Directory
Blog Directory
Email Papamoka:
papamoka(at)hotmail(dot)com
Former writer for Bring It ON!
Formerly of the Gun Toting Liberal
Contributing Writers to Papamoka:
Duke of Madness
Just Wondering
Ms Crystal
Michael Boh
Claudia Snell
Alex Goodall
Visit our other sites...
Sun System Designs - Solar Heating for your home or business
Sun System Designs Blog
Writers and Authors
Raising Kids in America
Life and Death Mirror Image
News Worth Reading
Washington Post
New York Times
Reuters
Memeorandum
Drudge Report
Los Angeles Times
Boston Herald
Worcester Telegram
Houston Chronicle
Boston Globe
Enter your search terms Web papastraighttalk.blogspot.com Submit search form
Link to this site and we will
respond in kind...
Friends and great sites that Link Here...
Google News
The Left in Me
John Myste Responds
Swerve Left
Mad Mikes America
Vim and Vinegar
Chell's Roost
My Rants, Thoughts and Musings
Who Hijacked Our Country
Liberal Values Blog
Atlantic Review
Infidel753
The Omnipotent Poobah Speaks
The Left Coaster
Crooks and Liars
4&20 Blackbirds
A View From Battleship Cove
Out of the Binjo Ditch
The Moderate Voice
Margaret and Helen
The Far Traveler
Common Sense
The Fat Lady Sings
Pissed On Politics
Left Wing Nut Job
Punky Style
Political Byline
Freedom Writing
Folks linking in to Papamoka:
Create blogs
View blog reactions
From the section
Reece Oxford made his senior West Ham debut aged 16, in a Europa League game in July 2015
West Ham defender Reece Oxford has joined Bundesliga side Borussia Monchengladbach on a season-long loan deal.
The 18-year-old, who spent five months on loan at Reading last season, has made seven Premier League appearances.
Gladbach sporting director Max Eberl said: "Reece is considered one of the country's best young defensive talents.
"This loan deal gives us the chance to add a very interesting player to our squad."
Oxford was the second-youngest player to start a Premier League match when he played against Arsenal, aged 16 years and 198 days, in August 2015.
He signed a new four-and-a-half-year deal at West Ham in December 2016.
Find all the latest football transfers on our dedicated page.
Why, exactly, do we regard debt as “sovereign”?
Yes, I know that “sovereign debt” is a technical term in economics. But allow me to make a play on words in order to make an important point.
All around the world (except here in the U.S.) we are seeing angry protests erupt against harsh austerity measures imposed by lenders. The Greeks, for example, aren't stupid: they know that behind the harsh terms laid down by European finance ministers and the IMF there is the braying of the German bankers demanding to be paid in full. Everywhere and in every circumstance, the obligation to pay is held to be sacrosanct. We are told that if this obligation is ever waived, chaos will ensue. It is too rarely noticed that chaos and mass suffering also ensue when debts are paid at the expense of the lives and livelihoods of people who never consciously undertook to borrow the money—who were, so to speak, placed into debt peonage by the elite political class.
As our country's own debt doomsday nears, it might be good to peel back the simplistic corporate media narrative to see the big picture. We are broke and we're paying more and more to service our national debt for one primary reason: for decades, but especially during the George W. Bush years, our political leaders have systematically exempted the rich and powerful from the reach of progressive taxation. As Eduardo Porter noted in the New York Times a few weeks back, since 1970 we have cut the effective rate of taxation for our very wealthiest in half: from 35 percent on average to 16.62 percent. Overall tax revenues in the United States haven't reached 30 percent of GDP since 1965. We spend less on cash transfers to needy people—unemployment insurance, public pensions, benefits for children, etc.—than any other OECD country except for Korea, but we lead the world in lavishing direct and indirect benefits on the well-to-do and corporate special interests.
The twin mantras of the rentier class (“The Debt Must Be Paid!” and “No Taxes for Us —We Won't Pay!”) create a pincers effect that is, in some cases, quite literally squeezing the blood out of the working poor. And we should not fail to note that in the individual states now facing budget crises—Minnesota being the latest example—the dynamic is exactly the same as in Washington DC: Everyone must sacrifice to balance the budget except for the only people in society who have continued to do very well during the Great Recession: the top 20 percent and the top 5 percent in particular.
My question is why there is still no significant religious component in movements like US Uncut, which organizes to expose the faulty logic and twisted morality of perpetually deferring to financial elites. People standing within the Abrahamic traditions surely appreciate the strong egalitarian currents rippling through their sacred scriptures, right? They know that their faith traditions all commend debt repudiation for the sake of greater social equality and human thriving, right?
Apparently not. This critically important part of our faith inheritance has gone dark, has gone silent, under the spell of our actual functional religion in these United States—the religion of acquisitive individualism. Thomas Frank put it well, if mordantly, in a recent Harper's column:
We like to think of ourselves as a people of untamed independence, but any observer not steeped in our culture would quickly conclude that we are in fact a nation of footmen. We cater to the wealthy in our work lives and we glorify them in our leisure…We take up collections for our public schools because we feel the fortunes of the rich ought to go unencumbered by that burden. Our leaders in Washington are considering cutting Social Security because retaining it might require the rich to chip in more than their current percentage. If it's a choice between us spending our dotage in helplessness and filth and our high-net-worth friends having to forgo next year's Learjet, Americans will choose the personal sacrifice every time.
Bitter words, but all too true. I will inject very own note of bitterness by observing that the conservatives who never tire of warning us about the road to serfdom seem to have missed the fact that we are already serfs. Not serfs of a totalizing government, as they fear, but serfs of a totalizing financial system.
If we are ever to break free of the unholy spell cast by the worship of wealth in this country, faith leaders will need to step up in a dramatic way. I hope to live long enough to see it.
While Cedric Bixler-Zavala and Omar RodrÃ­guez-López are reuniting with their At The Drive-In bandmates, the pair still found time to write and record a new Mars Volta album. The end result, entitled Noctourniquet, will hit stores on March 27th via Warner Bros.
The band's sixth LP, the 13-track effort was written by Bixler-Zavala and RodrÃ­guez-López and traces a narrative inspired by “disparate elements including '80s UK alt-rockers The Godfathers, Superman comic nemesis Solomon Grundy and the Greek myth of Hyacinthus,” according to press for the album. RodrÃ­guez-López handled production, while Juan Alderete de la Pena, Marcel RodrÃ­guez-López, and Deantoni Parks filled out the rest of the band's lineup.
Below, you can find recent live footage of the band performing three songs off the album, followed by the tracklist.
“Aegis”:
“Molochwalker”:
“Trinkets Pale of Moon”:
Noctourniquet Tracklist:
01. The Whip Hand
02. Aegis
03. Dyslexicion
04. Empty Vessels Make the Loudest Sound
05. The Malkin Jewel
06. Lapochka
07. In Absentia
08. Imago
09. Molochwalker
10. Trinkets Pale of Moon
11. Vedamalady
12. Noctourniquet
13. Zed and Two Naughts
WASHINGTON — The launch of the first of a new series of polar-orbiting weather satellites, on the next-to-last flight of a venerable rocket, has been delayed several days in order to replace a battery in the rocket.
United Launch Alliance announced late Nov. 6 that the launch of the Joint Polar Satellite System (JPSS) 1 satellite on a Delta 2 would be postponed by at least four days after technicians discovered a faulty battery on the rocket. The launch, previously scheduled for the early morning hours of Nov. 10 from Vandenberg Air Force Base in California, is now scheduled for no earlier than Nov. 14.
JPSS-1 is the first in a new series of polar-orbiting weather satellites. The spacecraft carries a suite of five instruments to collect a wide range of data on atmospheric, ocean and land conditions to support weather forecasting.
Development of those instruments, in particular a microwave sounder, significantly delayed the launch of JPSS-1. The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration said issues with that instrument, as well as with the ground system supporting the spacecraft, pushed back the launch from January to March, and then again until late this year.
Those delays raised concerns among scientists about the possibility of a data gap for that sounder instrument, as a similar instrument on the Suomi National Polar-orbiting Partnership spacecraft has suffered unrelated problems. That instrument remains operational, however.
The launch will be the penultimate mission for the Delta 2, a vehicle whose first launch was in 1989 but whose heritage dates back to the Thor-Delta rocket flown in the early years of the Space Age. The Delta 2 has been gradually phased out as U.S. Air Force shifted missions like GPS satellites to the larger Atlas 5 and Delta 4 rockets and commercial users moved to other vehicles.
One more Delta 2 mission after the JPSS-1 launch is planned. That launch, of NASA's Ice, Cloud, and land Elevation Satellite-2, is currently scheduled for no earlier than September 2018, also from Vandenberg.
National Preparedness Month (NPM), recognized each September, provides an opportunity to remind us that we all must prepare ourselves and our families now and throughout the year. This NPM will focus on planning, with an overarching theme: Disasters Happen. Prepare Now. Learn How.
Take time to learn lifesaving skills − such as CPR and first aid, check your insurance policies and coverage for the hazards you may face, such as flood, earthquakes, and tornados. Make sure to consider the costs associated with disasters and save for an emergency. Also, know how to take practical safety steps like shutting off water and gas.
The devastating hurricanes and wildfires of 2017 reminded the nation of the importance of preparing for disasters. Often, we will be the first ones in our communities to take action after a disaster strikes and before first responders arrive, so it is important to prepare in advance to help yourself and your community.
2018 Weekly Themes
Week 1: Sept 1-8 Make and Practice Your Plan
Week 2: Sept 9-15* Learn Life Saving Skills
Week 3: Sept 16-22 Check Your Coverage
Week 4: Sept 23-29 Save For an Emergency
September 15 is a National Day of Action
Hashtags
#PrepareNow
#FloodSmart
#NatlPrep
Graphics, Videos, and Related links
Check out tips and ideas to promote preparedness. For more engaging messages, attach appropriately sized graphics for specific social media platforms (e.g. Twitter, Facebook) and add emoji's.
National Preparedness Month Congressional Co-Chairs
View the National Preparedness Month Congressional Co-Chairs and quotes
Social Media Content
Week 1: September 1-8- Make and Practice Your Plan
Web Resources
Social Media Content
Disasters don't plan ahead. You can. Make an emergency plan today & practice it: www.ready.gov/plan #PrepareNow #NatlPrep
Preparing your family for an emergency is as simple as a conversation over dinner. Get started with tips from www.ready.gov #PrepareNow #NatlPrep
Does your family have a fire escape plan? Make one today & practice two ways out of every room. #PrepareNow #NatlPrep
Practice your fire escape plan by having a home fire drill at least twice a year with everyone in the home. #PrepareNow #NatlPrep
Download a group texting app so your entire crew can keep in touch before, during & after an emergency. #NatlPrep #PrepareNow
Practice evacuating in the car with your animals, so they're more comfortable if you need to evacuate in an emergency. #NatlPrep #PrepareNow
Disasters don't plan ahead, but you can #PrepareNow. Get the @fema app with weather alerts for up to 5 locations: www.fema.gov/mobile-app #NatlPrep
Sign up for local emergency alerts in your area by searching online. #NatlPrep
Contact your water and power companies to get on a “priority reconnection service” list of power-dependent customers if you rely on electrical medical equipment. #PrepareNow
#PrepareNow. Find out if laws in your state permit pharmacists to dispense a 30-day refill of medications in an emergency.
Week 2: September 9-15-Learn Life Saving Skills
Web Resources
Social Media Content
Keep your family safe. Install natural gas detectors throughout your house.#PrepareNow #NatlPrep
Commit to learning and sharing life-saving emergency skills with the # UntilHelpArrives training http://go.usa.gov/x5Xcm #PrepareNow
What's deadly, colorless, and odorless? Carbon monoxide. Protect your family by installing a carbon monoxide detector #PrepareNow #NatlPrep
Do you know how to turn off the gas in your home? Learn how to in case you ever have a gas emergency in your home. #NatlPrep
Be prepared for a power outage by having enough food, water, & meds to last for at least 72 hours: www.ready.gov/kit #PrepareNow
Whether you need batteries for your remote or flashlight, always make sure you have spare batteries handy in an emergency: www.ready.gov/kit #PrepareNow #NatlPrep
Never use candles for emergency lighting. Use flashlights and stock up on extra batteries. #PrepareNow #NatlPrep
Do you have emergency supplies? Get ahead of the next storm or wildfire by making sure you're ready in case you are asked to leave your home: www.ready.gov/kit #PrepareNow
Replace all home smoke alarms when they are 10 years old. #PrepareNow #NatlPrep
Put smoke alarms on every level of your home and test them monthly. #PrepareNow #NatlPrep
Keep anything that can catch fire away from your stovetop. #PrepareNow #NatlPrep
Keep anything that can burn at least 3 feet from your furnace, water heater, and other heat-generating equipment. #PrepareNow #NatlPrep
Have chimneys and vents cleaned and inspected by a qualified professional at least once a year to prevent home fires. #PrepareNow #NatlPrep
Practice how to “ Drop down onto your hands and knees. Cover your head and neck with your arms. Hold on to any sturdy covering until the shaking stops. More info at www.ready.gov/earthquake #PrepareNow
Do you know what to do when an emergency happens? Learn actions to save a life # UntilHelpArrives : https://community.fema.gov/until-help-arrives #PrepareNow
Giving CPR to a person struck by lightning can save their lives. Learn how to perform Hands-Only and how to use an AED to prepare for a health emergency. #PrepareNow
Week 3: Sept 16-22-Check Your Coverage
Web Resources
Insured Survivor Video Testimonials
US Army Sgt. Boggs almost lost everything during Hurricane #Irma. Flood insurance gave him the financial protection he needed after the storm. Learn more: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PrEP2H_Lnf0 #FloodSmart #NatlPrep
Jeff's daughter was just one week old when Hurricane #Harvey hit. Flood insurance helped his young family get back in their home and back to their life. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VTB30uqgPNo #FloodSmart #NatlPrep
“Having flood insurance meant having one thing less to worry about.” Rupi Prasad lost almost everything in Hurricane #Harvey. Flood insurance is helping her get back to her home and get back to retirement. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rmE4GQkfd0w #NatlPrep
With flood insurance, John and Michelle Tipton are rebuilding their home safer and stronger after Hurricane Matthew. Flood insurance is worth the investment. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rmE4GQkfd0w #FloodSmart #NatlPrep
Social Media Content
Flooding can be an emotionally and financially devastating event. Just one inch of water can cause $25,000 in damage to your home. #PrepareNow #Floodsmart
Approximately 80% of households impacted by Hurricane Harvey last year did not have flood insurance. Don't become a statistic. Learn more about your flood risk: www.floodsmart.gov #NatlPrep #FloodSmart
Most homeowners' and renters' insurance does not cover flood damage. Learn more about flood insurance at www.floodsmart.gov #PrepareNow #FloodSmart
#PrepareNow. Snap photos of important documents and personal belongings to help you quickly file a claim after a flood: https://youtu.be/i3MfRpND5gk #NatlPrep
Hurricanes bring heavy rains that may cause flooding. Think about buying flood insurance before the storm. www.floodsmart.gov #NatlPrep #FloodSmart
Floods are the most common and costly natural disaster in the U.S. Are you protected? Check your insurance policy today #NatlPrep #FloodSmart
30 Days: The number of days it takes for most flood insurance policies to go into effect. Don't wait until it's too late! www.floodsmart.gov #PrepareNow #FloodSmart
Anywhere it rains, it can flood. Learn more about how flood insurance can help protect the life you've built. #NatlPrep #FloodSmart
Find out if you live in a flood prone area and how flood insurance can lessen the cost to your family by visiting: www.floodsmart.gov. #NatlPrep #FloodSmart
At least 25% of small businesses never reopen following a disaster. Purchase flood insurance to protect your business. #NatlPrep #FloodSmart
Week 4: Sept 23-30-Save For an Emergency
Web Resources
Social Media Content
Four U.S. Jewish organizations are said to be giving the Obama administration a 60-day interval to get Iran to comply with western demands before the four groups turn the screws on Congress to tighten sanctions against Iran.
Is that really how things work in Washington?
The US media has been silent on this question even as the Israeli press reports the meaning of a meeting that took place at the White House behind closed doors last Tuesday with those Jewish groups.
As we reported, Obama met with what the JTA called a “small coterie” of Jewish leaders at the White House amid “signals that the Obama and Netanyahu governments are parting ways on Iran strategy.” Heaven forbid. That can't happen! But the signals included a speech the night before by Secretary of State John Kerry (shown above with Netanyahu in Italy Oct. 23) decrying “fear tactics,” intended to undermine the talks with Iran.
The four US Jewish groups at the White House were all rightwing and were dubbed the “quartet” by Haaretz, which reported that they gave the administration a “limited ‘grace period'” after an “understanding was reached” with the president and top staff of the National Security Council. The understanding? We won't ask for more sanctions yet if you assure us that you won't weaken sanctions against Iran during the next high-level P5+1 meetings to convene in Geneva, beginning next week.
The understanding was reached during a sometimes tense meeting at the White House this week between a group of senior Administration officials led by National Security Adviser Susan Rice and executives and leaders from an ad hoc “quartet” of influential Jewish organizations: AIPAC, the American Jewish Committee, The Anti-Defamation League and the Conference of Presidents of Major Jewish Organizations. Though they refrained from describing it as “a deal” or a quid pro quo, sources familiar with the meeting said they had agreed to a limited “grace period” only after hearing assurances from the Administration that it had no intention of easing sanctions or of releasing Iranian funds that have been “frozen” in banks around the world.
Following this news, Senator Carl Levin, chairman of the Senate Armed Services Committee, said that Congress should not pass new tighter sanctions against Iran and give the Obama administration time (60 days, we're guessing) to “test” the chances for a nuclear agreement with Iran.
Al-Monitor's Barbara Slavin put Sen. Levin's accommodation in the context of the top-level White House meeting:
Following fairly upbeat meetings in Geneva last month, the Obama administration has been lobbying hard for a pause in new legislative action… The administration has also spent considerable time briefing Israel about the talks and this week reportedly convinced four major US Jewish organizations to agree to a 60-day moratorium on pressuring Congress to vote on new sanctions.
Per Google News, The Washington Post and New York Times have not covered the White House meeting. (And here are searches for Abe Foxman and Malcolm Hoenlein that turn up nothing lately).
Meanwhile, in Israel, the Jerusalem Post has sought to debunk the Haaretz report: “Jewish organizations deny 60-day delay on Iran sanctions push.”
“No one has given any commitment to make some public moratorium,” said sources with an organization represented at the meeting, “categorically denying” that any such commitment was given. “I can tell you, within AJC, no decision has been made to revisit support for the Senate measure,” David Harris, executive director of the American Jewish Committee, told The Jerusalem Post on Friday. “There's no process in place to reconsider our decision.”
Marsha Cohen at Lobelog has also followed the “Gang of Four”‘s demands and the varying reports:
Chemi Shalev of Haaretz initially reported early Friday morning that the pro-Israel Gang of Four had agreed to tone down their demand that new Iran sanctions be enacted immediately, without waiting to see whether the ongoing negotiations between Iran and the P5+1 will reveal any signs of progress…. By Friday afternoon, however, Shalev had found an anonymous source affiliated with an organization represented at the meeting who categorically denies that any commitment was given for any such moratorium… [A]ccording to Shalev, “Sources in the Jewish establishment emphasized that they did not make any commitment to refrain from supporting new sanctions in their private dealings with the U.S. lawmakers.”
In the new framing, the leaders of the four Jewish organizations have merely allowed for a “time out”, and have “agreed to accede to the Administration's request and to refrain from campaigning on behalf of stronger sanctions at this time.” According to Abe Foxman of the Anti-Defamation League (yes he was there, even though he lashed out at Kerry):
“That means that we are not lobbying for additional sanctions and we are not lobbying for fewer sanctions,” Foxman told Haaretz as well as other U.S. media outlets. …Although the Haaretz report alluded only to a temporary “cease fire” in public campaigning and only in connection to additional sanctions, some officials were concerned that the publication might be misinterpreted in Congress as a signal that Jewish groups did not support stronger sanctions, or worse, that they would not oppose an easing of the sanctions already in place. The Haaretz revelation … which were meant to be kept secret, sparked a flurry of denials from outside groups that had been kept out of the White House meeting – but also from others who were well aware of its outcome but were nonetheless miffed or embarrassed by its exposure.
That “hiatus is only tactical in nature.” Foxman goes on to explain they've got this covered: they'll be having another meeting at the White House scheduled for next month.
How often does the head of the American-Arab Anti-Discrimination Committee get to visit Obama? And just who is deciding foreign policy here?
Lessening sanctions is the Iranians' chief demand for the talks, notably the restrictions on banking. As the Iranian journalist Kourosh Ziabari wrote at our site:
According to the proposal, Iran would remove the concerns of the P5+1 group of world countries through confidence-building measures and increased transparency in its nuclear activities, and in return, the Western powers will offer incentives to Iran by lifting the unilateral and multilateral sanctions on a step-by-step basis.
Israel and its American friends want guarantees the sanctions will not be lessened before going into the next round of talks. So– what's the point of the talks? The talks are a non-starter if easing the sanctions are not on the table.
And Hassan Rouhani seems to see the writing on the wall, retweeting this from the country's supreme leader:
If the #negotiations come to fruition, so much the better, but if not, it should be interpreted that #Iran should stand on its own. — khamenei.ir (@khamenei_ir) November 3, 2013
As you read this, remember that John Kerry had the temerity to suggest that Israelis were trying to manipulate American policy. Last Monday night he said:
Some have suggested that somehow there's something wrong with even putting… to the test [whether or not Iran really desires to pursue only a peaceful program]. I suggest that the idea that the United States of America as a responsible nation to all humankind would not explore that possibility would be the height of irresponsibility and dangerous in itself, and we will not succumb to those fear tactics and forces that suggest otherwise.
Forceful, huh? And the next day the gang of four is in the White House, evidently forcing the president's hand.
P.S. Haaretz said that the meeting at the White House with the Jewish leaders was coordinated with speeches to the ADL by Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel and UN Ambassador Samantha Power.
In the meantime, senior Administration officials sought to reassure the Jewish community about the Administration's resolve to prevent a nuclear Iran at the ADL's Centennial Conference in New York on Thursday.
In his speech, Chuck Hagel spoke of preventing Iran from going nuclear in the context of the Holocaust. Ambassador Power said:
Earlier this week it was revealed that the UFC will be opening a 145lb division, Holly Holm and Germaine de Randamie are set to fight at UFC 208 to determine the first ever UFC women's featherweight champion. Immediately after the announcement, current number 1 pound-for-pound fighter in the world Cris ‘Cyborg' blasted the decision to leave her out of the title fight on social media. When asked for comment she told us “You know Dana always [is] against me! It's really personal“.
Yesterday, UFC president Dana White fired back at Cris ‘Cyborg. He claims that ‘Cyborg' turned down three title fights for the UFC, and says she has missed the bus, revealing that Ronda Rousey could be in line to get the first shot at the title.
Cris ‘Cyborg' has announced on social media that she will reveal her side of the story to ESPN at 9am EST this Sunday.
This Sunday 9am EST watch @espn to see my story about cutting weight and the dangers I encountered getting to 140 presented by @OTLonESPN https://t.co/tP8QcbYfUx — Cris Cyborg (@criscyborg) December 15, 2016
There's always two sides to every story, it will be interesting to see what Cris has to say.
What are your opinions on the whole situation? Let us know in the comments below.
Welcome to Today's edition of “Top Shelf Prospects”. As we go through the Summer of 2013 I will be featuring a team-by-team look at the top prospects in the NHL. I will go team by team through the NHL bringing you a look at each Team Top Prospects. I will be following the order of the first round of the NHL draft (as if there were no traded draft picks). You can find all the articles here. Since we had an extensive NHL Draft preview, I will not be reviewing the players who were drafted in the 2013 draft, as there have been no games since then, and my reports on them will not have changed. What I will be doing is linking you to those articles, as well as taking a look at prospects that were acquired before this year's draft; their progress, and their chances of making the 2013-14 roster of the NHL team in question. I will also bring you one sleeper pick – a player who was either drafted in the 4th-round or later, or was an undrafted free agent signing who I pick as my darkhorse to make the NHL. For those wondering, the cut-off for what is or isn't a prospect is typically about 50 NHL games played or being 25 years old. These are not hard or fast rules though, and I may make some exceptions depending on the circumstances (especially due to the fact that the latest NHL season was only 48 games).
Coming off their 2012 Stanley Cup Championship, the Kings did an excellent job of avoiding a Stanley Cup Hangover in the 2012-13 season. Sure things didn't start off as well as hoped but the Kings never hit crisis mode and were able to quickly turn things around after a mediocre first couple weeks of the season. They would finish 5th in the Western Conference before taking out the St. Louis Blues and San Jose Sharks to once again reach the Conference finals. Unfortunately they were unable to repeat their 2012 heroics and would fall to the eventual Stanley Cup Champions in the Chicago Blackhawks. Despite this loss, it really shouldn't be seen as an unsuccessful season, as with all the parity in the NHL, we have not seen a repeat champion since Detroit in 1997 and 1998. The Kings remain a top club with a number of relatively young stars and should continue to compete year in and year out for some time. Ask any recent cup winner and they will say that there was at least a little bit of luck and some good bounces that went their way in their magical season. With a little puck luck, it's not hard to imagine the core of the current Kings lineup bringing a second Stanley Cup to Tinseltown in the coming years.
2013 Draft Picks Ranked by LWOS: Valentin Zykov, Hudson Fasching,
Graduated: Jake Muzzin, Jordan Nolan, Dwight King, Matt Frattin,
Top Prospect, Tyler Toffoli, Right Wing
Born Apr 24 1992 — Scarborough, ONT
Height 6.00 — Weight 186 — Shoots R
Selected by Los Angeles Kings in round 2 #47 overall at the 2010 NHL Entry Draft
Since being drafted Tyler Toffoli has turned into a real offensive force. He spent two seasons right at the top of the OHL scoring leaders, finishing 1st in goals in both 2011 and 2012, and 1st in points in 2011 and 2nd in 2012. Moving on to the pro game, he put up 51 points in 58 games for Manchester in the AHL, extremely impressive numbers for any 20 year old rookie and even earned himself 22 games with the Kings between the regular season and playoffs where he put up 11 points.
Toffoli is a natural sniper who has an NHL ready wrist shot and snap shot, including absolutely incredible release speed. If given an opening he is just lightning quick with his shots and they are in the back of the net. He also has soft hands and good stickhandling and puck control skills. Toffoli can leave defenders reeling with a dangle or can bury the puck in close to net. While he's a natural sniper, he brings more than just that as Toffoli has the good vision and passing ability to be a playmaker off the wing. He has excellent hockey sense in the offensive zone as he has a real ability to slow the game down and make smart decisions. Toffoli has the ability to spot openings and set up for a good shot in the offensive zone. He's the type of player who just craves goals and shows a tenacious work ethic in the offensive zone, being willing to work along the boards and battle for pucks. He is also willing to get to the front of the net and take the punishment necessary to score from the dirty areas of the ice.
Toffoli has really worked hard on his skating. While once a weakness, he has made it back to the area that I would now call him “average”. While his skating stride is still a bit choppy and unorthodox, you can certainly see that he has taken steps to improve it from what was seen in the OHL. While he's no burner, he has shown improvements in both his speed and acceleration. He does show good balance and lower body strength as well, which makes Toffoli difficult to knock over with a check.
Defensively Toffoli continues to be a work in progress. Criticized in the past for not giving the same effort in his own end that he shows in the offensive end, he has improved that aspect of his game. However, he still needs a little more polish and work on his positioning and defensive fundamentals going forward. We have seen that he has been willing to work hard to improve his game over the last few years and so I would expect that he will be capable of doing so with the proper coaching.
While the Kings have a very good group of prospects on the wing, they don't have a lot of prospects who are both as close to NHL ready as Toffoli is or who can provide the scoring punch that he can. This is not to be a knock on other Kings prospects but is rather the fact that I hold Toffoli in very high regard and think he can be a very good player for LA. With a good camp he can make the big club full time and be a real contributor at the NHL level this year. Even if he regresses slightly, he will likely be the first call-up due to injury and will have an NHL impact very soon.
Prospect #2, Tanner Pearson, Left Wing
Born Aug 10 1992 — Kitchener, ONT
Height 6.00 — Weight 192 — Shoots Left
Drafted in the First Round, 30th Overall, in the 2012 NHL Draft by the Los Angeles Kings.
Passed over twice in the NHL Draft, Tanner Pearson exploded as a 19-year-old in the OHL and ended up being taken in the first round by the Kings. Given the fact he turned 20 in August, he was eligible to play in the AHL this year and continued his progression with Manchester picking up 47 points in 64 games in his first AHL season. He did enough to get called up and play in a playoff game for the Kings this year.
The greatest improvement in Pearson's game has been in his skating. In 2011 his poor technique and slow skating was the biggest knock on him, probably the biggest reason why he went undrafted. Pearson has worked extremely hard the last two years on improving this aspect of his game. Much like Toffoli his skating stride is not picture perfect as it's a bit choppy and unorthodox, however Pearson has greatly improved his speed and acceleration. While he's not a speed demon, he's now above average in his skating. He also has decent agility which certainly helps him to be shifty in the offensive zone. Pearson has good lower body strength and good balance, making him difficult to knock off the puck.
The strength of Pearson's offensive game is as a playmaker as he shows excellent vision and the ability to thread passes through tight openings. He has excellent hockey sense and he's able to create both off the rush and by setting up in the offensive zone. Pearson has good size and stickhandling and uses these effectively to protect the puck as he is an effective player down low on the cycle game. As a goal scorer Pearson has a hard and accurate wrist shot and has really worked to improve his release. His best goal scoring attribute though is his soft hands as he's able to convert goals in tight with slick moves and quick reactions leading to tip in and rebound goals. The hard work and dedication to improve that Pearson put into his game has certainly paid off and is evident in how quickly he has improved from an undrafted player to a first round pick and now a top prospect.
Pearson is a decent defensive player as well. He works hard in his own end of the rink and has become an effective penalty killer. Pearson has good positioning and is able to use his size to keep opponents to the outside. He's a hardworking dedicated player and is willing to do whatever his coaches ask. He's a willing shot blocker.
Pearson could challenge for a spot on the Kings in training camp, but I see him as a little bit behind Toffoli in terms of development at this point. He would likely be best served with a season spent playing big minutes and continuing to develop in the AHL. That said, he isn't far away from being NHL ready and could develop into a top six wingers in his prime.
Super Sleeper Prospect, Kevin Gravel, Defence
Born Mar 6 1992 — Kingsford, MI
Height 6.04 — Weight 200 — Shoots Left
Drafted by the Los Angeles Kings in round 5, #148 overall at the 2010 NHL Entry Draft
A look at the stat sheet might not give you a lot of information about Kevin Gravel, the Kings fifth round pick from 2010. Playing for St. Cloud State in the NCAA, he certainly isn't lighting up the scoresheet, or taking a huge number of penalties, or putting up eye-popping plus/minus numbers. In fact if there is one word to describe his stat sheet it would be “nondescript”. However what you don't see in the stats, and what many casual hockey fans even might miss when watching his game is how good Gravel is in the defensive end of the rink. Quite simply, Gravel has become one of the best pure defensive defencemen in the NCAA.
Gravel has ideal NHL size for a defensive stalwart. His big body and long stick give him big advantages in the defensive zone. Add to that excellent positioning and you have a player who does a great job of cutting down passing lanes and blocking a lot of shots. He battles hard in front of the net and helps to clear the crease for St. Cloud State. He also plays rugged and physical in the corners, using his size to lean on opponents and win board battles. He doesn't throw a lot of those big hits that will get him on highlight reels, but he certainly isn't afraid to throw his weight around and play a physical game. These skills mean he has been used by St. Cloud State in a role matching up against the opponents top players at even strength as well as playing big penalty kill minutes. He skates well for a player his size and this mobility is a big asset.
In addition to Toffoli and Pearson, the Kings have a number of nice prospects on the wing adding Zykov and Fasching to a group that includes Nikolai Prokhorkin, Tomas Hyka and Maxim Kitsyn. Meanwhile the defence also features depth in Derek Forbot (the Kings third best prospect in my opinion), Gravel, Nick Ebert, Colin Miller and Nicolas Deslauriers. While those spots are well filled, the Kings need to look at adding centre and goaltending depth in future years. Up the middle Linden Vey and Nick Shore are projects and there isn't much in terms of high-end potential behind them.
Thanks for reading, feel free to follow me on Twitter @lastwordBKerr. Give the rest of the hockey department a follow while you're at it – @LastWordBigMick, @CMS_74_, @dasimonetta, @TheHockeyMitch, @ddmatthews, @CanuckPuckHead, and @LastWordOnNHL, and follow the site @lastwordonsport.
Interested in writing for LastWordOnSports? If so, check out our “Join Our Team” page to find out how.
Main photo credit: bridgetds via photopin cc
(CNN) Republicans in Congress are sharpening their criticism of Robert Mueller and his team of prosecutors, a sign that the special counsel investigating the President Donald Trump's campaign is increasingly losing GOP support on Capitol Hill.
In the House and the Senate, GOP lawmakers have been irked about a series of revelations -- most notably the removal of an FBI agent from Mueller's team for sending anti-Trump texts -- saying that the special counsel needs to get rid of prosecutors with Democratic leanings in order to carry through an impartial investigation.
Their comments could give the White House new fodder to fight an investigation the President has deemed a "witch hunt," and renew a push to name a second special counsel to investigate potential wrongdoing by Hillary Clinton, and other Justice Department concerns connected to the Mueller investigation. And it could undermine a new effort by a bipartisan group of senators to draft a compromise bill aimed at protecting the special counsel.
Some Republicans who have supported Mueller to this point say their patience is wearing thin.
"The last couple of weeks have not been good," said Rep. Trey Gowdy, the House Oversight Chairman and member of the House Intelligence Committee, who earlier this year urged Republicans to give Mueller "a chance to do his job."
"That group I'm in -- that small group (of Republicans) that has supported Mueller and resisted calls for a special counsel -- is getting smaller," Gowdy told CNN.
"The fact that you can't find prosecutors that don't have an 'I'm with Her' T-shirt on to staff your special counsel office -- it's just tone deaf," Gowdy added.
Reports this past summer found that several of the lawyers on Mueller's team donated to Democrats.
Texas Sen. Ted Cruz, a conservative who serves on the Senate Judiciary Committee, said he has serious questions about whether Mueller's probe can be impartial.
"I think that some composition of the lawyers working on the special counsel investigation raises serious questions about the investigation's ability to be impartial," Cruz told CNN. "Far too many of the special counsel prosecutors have significant records contributing to Democratic politicians -- and representing partisan Democratic clients. That is highly troubling."
Senate Majority Whip John Cornyn, a member of the judiciary and intelligence panels, called on Mueller to clean house and rid his team of any prosecutor who has backed Democrats.
"I would eliminate people with those sorts of backgrounds from the team because I think they raise suspicions that this is not a fair and independent and objective investigation and prosecution," Cornyn said.
The criticism is bound to come sharply Wednesday when Rod Rosenstein, the deputy attorney general, testifies before the House Judiciary Committee, given that he oversees the Mueller probe.
A small group of Republicans have been going after Mueller's probe for months, but the Republican criticism toward Mueller ratcheted up after reports emerged that FBI agent Peter Strzok was removed from Mueller's team over sending anti-Trump text messages during the presidential campaign. Details of the actual texts, which included referring of then-presidential candidate Trump as an "idiot" and "d*uche," were released to lawmakers Tuesday night.
A growing number of conservatives are questioning the handling of the Clinton email investigation, with some saying that the Justice Department should name another special counsel to look into the inquiry that cleared Clinton of any criminal wrongdoing.
The calls for a second special counsel amplified this week after Fox News reported that Bruce Ohr was demoted over 2016 meetings with Fusion GPS founder Glenn Simpson and Christopher Steele, the ex-British intelligence agent who assembled the dossier on Trump and Russia. Fox also reported that Ohr's wife, Nellie Ohr, worked for Fusion GPS during the 2016 election.
Jay Sekulow, a member of Trump's legal team, said Tuesday that another special counsel should be appointed to investigate Ohr and Justice Department ties to Fusion GPS.
Moreover, GOP lawmakers have bashed the Justice Department for not providing Congress with enough information about the ties between the FBI and Fusion GPS, an opposition research firm that commissioned the dossier last year containing allegations of connections between Trump and Russia.
Marc Elias, the Democratic lawyer who was retained by the Clinton campaign and Democratic National Committee and whose firm paid for the research, is scheduled to meet with the House Intelligence Committee on Wednesday, according to a source familiar with the matter.
On Tuesday evening, a half-dozen conservative Republicans went to the House floor to slam Mueller's probe.
"Right now, the investigations into Donald Trump and the prior investigation into Hillary Clinton have been infected with the virus of severe bias," said Rep. Matt Gaetz, a Florida Republican. "Hillary Clinton went under investigation for the mishandling of classified information, and also her dealings through the Clinton Foundation, was essentially investigated by her own fan club. Meanwhile, Robert Mueller obtained his team by fishing in the never-Trump aquarium."
Some Republicans have also called for another special counsel to investigate a major uranium deal with a Russian state-owned energy company that was approved by the Obama administration and whether Clinton Foundation donors had any influence in its approval.
Sen. Chuck Grassley, the chairman of the Senate Judiciary Committee, tweeted in October that the Justice Department should name a special counsel to investigate the uranium deal.
Asked if there should be another special counsel named, Grassley told CNN Tuesday: "I'll have to refer you to my tweet."
Sen. Lindsey Graham, a member of the Senate Judiciary Committee tweeted that "it's long past time" for the special counsel to investigate "the Clinton email scandal" and other matters.
Sen. Thom Tillis, a North Carolina Republican who also serves on Senate Judiciary Committee, said the jury is still out on Mueller's probe, but added: "I haven't drawn a firm conclusion but I do think that there are facts that have come up over the past couple of weeks that need to be tracked down that the FBI investigators seem to be biased."
Tillis is one of four senators who have been working to craft a bipartisan bill that would attempt to protect the special counsel.
There are two bipartisan bills in the Senate aimed at protecting the special counsel, including Tillis' legislation, and the senators are working on combining the measures to move one bill forward in the Senate.
Some Republican lawmakers say they are still behind Mueller's investigation, such as Sen. Susan Collins, a Maine Republican on the Senate Intelligence Committee.
"My advice to the President would be to tell his staff and associates to fully cooperate with Robert Mueller's investigation and to not have any comment on it beyond that," Collins said.
Collins also downplayed the need for legislation to protect Mueller.
"I haven't seen the need for that because I really don't think the President is going to fire Mr. Mueller," she said. "But certainly the introduction of those bills sends a strong signal."
Around the U.S., the agents that control the public have been observed to beat up, shoot, kill, and arrest members of the public, with a special focus on protesters, members of minority groups, and people making recordings of the actions of those agents. This is often followed by fabricated accusations against the victim, meant to create false justification for the attack itself.
Richard Stallman
To control these abuses, parts of the U.S. have begun ordering these agents to wear body cameras. Body cameras help restrain agents' violence but create problems of their own. For instance, when should the cameras record?
There are occasions when the cameras should be off, including confidential discussions that are important not to record. Sometimes agents are invited into homes; it would be intrusive for them to make video recordings of everything visible inside the home, because the recordings might be studied later for signs of anything that could be prosecuted.
However, if agents can turn their cameras off, they might do so precisely when they are going to commit violence, as appears to have happened in February 2015.
I propose a technical system to control when these cameras record, removing most of the agents' discretion.
The idea is that the system records its camera's video (and its microphone's audio) all the time, but normally discards all recordings 10 minutes after they are made. Certain events (let's call them “significant events”) cause those 10 minutes of recording to be saved, and the following 10 minutes as well.
Each agent's system detects certain significant events automatically. An agent can also manually declare a significant event by pushing a button. Either way, when one agent's system detects a significant event, it sends a radio signal to report the event to the systems of all agents within a certain reception distance—perhaps 50 meters.
Here are proposed criteria for detecting a significant event:
(1) Whenever the agent removes a gun from its holster. (2) Whenever the agent takes a weapon in hand to use it, including guns, tasers, sticks, and others. (3) Whenever the agent pushes a button to declare an event. Agents should be trained and required to do this when they see a violent attack or an injury, and then to aim their cameras at least briefly toward whatever they saw. (4) Whenever the system's microphone detects a gunshot.
The particulars of each significant event should be posted promptly on a website so citizens can verify that they are not being watched without grounds. An agent who pushes the significant-event button or draws a weapon without good reason should be punished enough to make such abuses rare, and those recordings should be deleted.
Another pertinent question is when the recordings should be made available to agents, prosecutors, a court, or the public. I propose that recordings saved because of a significant event should be made available only when a judge rules that they cover part of an act of violence, or in response to a subpoena about a specific person who appears in a specific video. In particular, agents would have to wait for court approval to view the videos of events they participated in, and that would come after they make statements about the events.
Richard Stallman leads the free software movement (fsf.org), which campaigns to give users control over their programs. He led development of the free/libre operating system GNU (gnu.org), typically used with the kernel Linux in the combination GNU+Linux. Copyright 2015 Richard ­Stallman. Released under Creative Commons Attribution-NoDerivatives 4.0 license.
Shameless‘ Emmy Rossum, The Middle‘s Eden Sher, and Modern Family guest star Elizabeth Banks are the reigning queens of comedy—at least according to EWwy voters, who've crowned them best actress, best supporting actress, and best guest actress, respectively, in our 7th Annual EWwy Awards for the Emmy-snubbed. All three phoned in to EW Radio (SiriusXM 105) on Aug. 18, when the winners were announced live. Listen to their full interviews below.
In her clip, Rossum hatches plans to taunt Broad City‘s Ilana Glazer and Abbi Jacobson—fellow best actress nominees who are now too hot to write a movie for her—and to place her golden ewe statue on the back of the toilet in her guest bathroom so people can see it. In addition to looking ahead to season 5, she details the lengths to which Showtime went to keep the return of Justin Chatwin in Shameless‘ season 4 finale a secret from even her. “I had been campaigning for the last few seasons for him to come back. I didn't feel like the story was properly tied up. I didn't see the episode before it aired, and I was on a road trip, and my phone started blowing up, and my mom calls me, and she's like, ‘He's alive!'” Rossum says. “I was like, ‘What are you talking about? I'm somewhere in Arizona.' She's like, ‘He's in the show!' I had no idea what she was talking about. They had flown Justin Chatwin to Chicago, put him in a different hotel, put him with a different crew, different hair and makeup team, and done this whole thing covert. And then the president of the network sent me an email Sunday night like, ‘Gotcha!'”
Banks, who made another memorable appearance as Mitch and Cam's friend Sal in Modern Family‘s two-part season finale, is proud to add the EWwy hardware to her trophy collection, which mostly consists of a “Most Improved” in basketball award from the eighth grade. The role of Sal, who first popped up on the ABC comedy in 2009, was created for her after she went drinking in Palm Springs with old friend Jesse Tyler Ferguson and Jason Winer, who directed the Modern Family pilot, and mentioned that it'd be fun to work together again. She and Ferguson originally met 14 years ago filming the “absolutely terrible” indie film Ordinary Sinner: “Jesse played a homophobic priest, actually—he's a very good actor,” she says. She also speaks about recently wrapping her feature directorial debut, Pitch Perfect 2, in Baton Rouge—and how big the bugs are in Louisiana.
Sher, meanwhile, is so thrilled with the recognition for her and Sue Heck—her character on The Middle that EW recently named one of the 25 best characters on TV right now—that she jokes she may vomit.
For about 16 hours, Emmanuel Macron was the darling of the European Union. Then, the warning shots began to go up, in Brussels and in capitals across the Continent.
European leaders who rejoiced at Marcon's victory suddenly found themselves confronted with a president-elect of France with clear ideas about reforming the EU — and the political capital to put those ideas in motion. He is a new and unpredictable force: liberal, internationalist and pro-integration, for sure, but unbeholden to the traditional parties that have long swapped control of the European institutions among themselves.
Perhaps most unsettling for the silver-haired denizens of backroom dealing in Brussels is that Macron, at the age of 39, has shown no sign that he will spend the next five years simply basking in the glory of vanquishing the right-wing menace Marine Le Pen. And so the joy of victory gave way to the bite of reality: uh-oh, he actually might do something.
Jyrki Katainen, vice president of the European Commission for jobs, growth, investment and competitiveness, was among the first to send up a cautionary flare, declaring his opposition to Macron's proposal for a “Buy European Act,” which Katainen said would distort the EU market.
In Berlin, Commission President Jean-Claude Juncker declared that "the French spend too much money and spend it on the wrong things," a clear warning to Macron to get his own fiscal house in order before tackling the taller mountain of EU finances. Meanwhile, in The Hague, Dutch Prime Minister Mark Rutte cautioned Macron against thinking that Southern Europe's fiscal problems could be mended simply by creating new institutions.
"There are also elements in the views of the new French president that we find less attractive," Rutte — who dispatched his own right-wing, anti-EU challenger Geert Wilders in national elections in March — told reporters at the Binnenhof on Monday. Rutte cited Macron's support for an EU finance minister and a common EU budget as examples of not especially appetizing campaign planks.
Joining the A-list
While the result in France is the third in a string of pro-EU triumphs, following the elections of Rutte and of Alexander Van der Bellen as president of Austria in December, Macron will catapult onto the A-list of world leaders at a moment that gives him exponentially greater stature and relevance.
The EU is now in the midst of a vigorous debate over the bloc's future, with Britain preparing to make its exit, and five pathways ahead laid out in a White Paper by Juncker and his College of Commissioners. Macron can potentially exert huge sway in this debate, particularly over the next four months while German Chancellor Angela Merkel is preoccupied with her own federal elections.
That the EU power-set viewed the French elections, rightly or wrongly, as a nothing less than a referendum on the bloc's continued existence, only adds to Macron's leverage. He will arrive in Brussels for a NATO leaders' summit meeting later this month as a conquering hero. And that creates all the more reason for a sense of alarm among the entrenched powers who cheered his win on Sunday.
"In six months, he will be a great diplomat and a warlord," Alain Lamassoure, a veteran French member of the European Parliament, predicted in a telephone interview with POLITICO.
Lamassoure said Macron lacked experience, had much to learn about EU policy and that some of his proposals seemed confused or even misguided — but predicted that his embrace of the EU would make up for all of that, giving him immediate muscle in Brussels.
"The only one among the candidates who have talked extensively about Europe, the only one who put European flags in his campaign meetings," Lamassoure said. “It is so unprecedented that nobody cares whether his views on the EU are confusing or not."
Well, not quite nobody.
Katainen's quick push-back on Marcon's "Buy European" proposal suggested that officials responsible for the EU's overall economic policy were more than a bit concerned about the French president-elect's platform on trade and fiscal issues. And Juncker's remarks, in particular, indicated that if Macron pushed too hard, too fast in Brussels, France would quickly find its own finances under a microscope.
Return of the power nexus
Elmar Brok, an influential German MEP, said Macron's first task was to improve France's economy and restore the country to a leadership position in the EU.
"France has to become competitive," Brok told Deutsche Welle's English-language TV. "A good stable budget and competitiveness in legislation and investments are the three points you need for a successful economy and here I think Macron will hopefully have the strength to do that where Sarkozy and Hollande failed."
Brok added that Berlin was looking forward to once again forming a power nexus with Paris.
"Germany cannot run and wants not to run Europe alone," Brok said. "Europe was always in its best shape when it was a joint cooperation with France and Germany. We had also in the last years this cooperation but France had, because of its internal problems, not the credibility to lead. We hope that Mr. Macron will make France so strong again in this Europe context for such a joint leadership."
At the same time, a number of German officials sought to push back against Macron's criticism of Germany's trade surplus. They included Martin Schulz, who is challenging Merkel in the September federal elections.
"Germany cannot run and wants not to run Europe alone" — MEP Elmar Brok
The true extent of Macron's political strength will not be known until after the French parliamentary elections next month. That vote will determine whether he is able to effectively move a domestic agenda and create momentum for a broader push on EU reforms, or if he would have to struggle to build coalitions to pass major legislation at home, leaving less bandwidth to dedicate to Brussels.
Presidencies in play
In the most immediate sense, Macron can shake up internal EU politics simply by deciding which political family he and his party, newly rebranded La République en Marche, will join. An affiliation with the centrist Alliance for Liberals and Democrats in Europe would immediately raise the group's claim on the presidency of either the European Commission or the European Council, which will each come vacant in 2019.
Macron will also certainly be a factor in the forthcoming decision on a president for the Eurogroup, a position that Macron has said he would like to see elevated to the status of EU finance minister. The age-old debate over truly completing the EU's fiscal and monetary union could well prove a test of Macron's mojo on the European stage. Numerous leaders have pushed for such goals previously, only to fall short.
Some of Macron's campaign promises, such as to take Poland and Hungary to task over alleged rollbacks in democratic freedoms, are likely to face resistance in the arena of realpolitik. Other proposals, such as a push for Europe-wide citizen forums, closer EU cooperation on defense and security, and especially a tough line toward the U.K. in Brexit talks are more likely to be well-received.
Some of Macron's campaign promises are likely to face resistance in the arena of realpolitik.
Still, the growing skepticism about the EU's new French wonder-boy was impossible to miss. Speaking at a forum in Brussels on the EU's future, Juncker pooh-poohed Macron's idea of citizen forums. “The tool is not very important,” Juncker said. "What is important is to have a debate on Europe."
Juncker also expressed doubts about the chances of Macron's proposal for pan-European candidate lists in the 2019 European Parliament elections, despite his own support for the concept.
“I am in favor of that idea,” Juncker said. “But I doubt that political parties are ready to commit themselves to discussing that."
Maïa de la Baume contributed reporting.
There were eight NFL head coaches hired during the 2013 off-season: Bruce Arians, Rob Chudzinski, Chip Kelly, Andy Reid, Doug Marrone, Marc Trestman, Mike McCoy and Gus Bradley. Seven of those coaches either have made the playoffs or been fired since then (in Kelly's case, both). The eighth is Bradley.
The Jaguars own a 12–36 record under Bradley's watch—a .250 win percentage that places Bradley's career mark among such coaching royalty as Dennis Allen (.222), David Shula (.268) and Lane Kiffin (.250). So the mere fact that Bradley is back for a fourth year takes him and the Jaguars into rather uncharted NFL waters when it comes to a franchise showing patience.
“I think, for us, we've always targeted year four and year five in this building of this team,” GM David Caldwell said recently on the NFL Network, via ESPN. “We wanted to make good, safe, sound decisions and build a foundation for the first three years, and then take a little bit of risk this year going into year four.”
• The 12 quarterbacks with the most to prove entering the 2016 season
Caldwell, who like Bradley was hired following the 2012 season, has to play the company line a bit. If Bradley cannot produce an uptick in the near future, the GM's job figures to be on the line, too. All parties involved have committed fully to a multi-year rebuilding project.
And Jacksonville has done well to take meaningful strides forward. Last season, the offense catapulted into a top-10 passing ranking, led by the 35 touchdowns thrown by Blake Bortles (second-most in the NFL, one back of Tom Brady). The receiving corps of Allen Robinson, Allen Hurns, Rashad Greene, Marqise Lee and tight end Julius Thomas is among the most dangerous in the league. The backfield boasts impressive second-year runner T.J. Yeldon and veteran free-agent addition Chris Ivory.
“The way the drafts were set up, the last two years [2014 and '15] were offense-heavy,” Caldwell said. “So we said, ‘Let's take advantage of that. Let's get our quarterback. Let's build around him. Let's get him some playmakers.”
That approach did not stop Caldwell from using his 2015 first-rounder on defensive end Dante Fowler, and it set the table for him to spend picks in the first, second, third, fourth, sixth and seventh rounds of this year's draft on defense. Fowler, back from the knee injury that knocked him out of commission as a rookie, will team with Jalen Ramsey and Myles Jack—assuming both can recover from their own knee injuries in time for the '16 season—to form the nucleus of the Jacksonville defense.
This is really where Bradley comes in. He was hired away from Seattle not because the Jaguars wanted to kick-start their offense, but because he had established himself as a sharp NFL mind over four seasons spent as the Seahawks' defensive coordinator. He was supposed to bring a variation of that defense-first approach to Jacksonville.
Thus far, Bradley has failed to deliver. His 2015 team ranked 31st in points allowed and coughed up an even 6,000 yards of total offense to opponents. Fowler's devastating preseason setback staggered the Jaguars last year, to be sure, and Ramsey's recent injury could provide a similar obstacle, but the time for excuses is wearing thin.
• KING: What's on the line at this week's NFL owners meetings
While Caldwell may not have spent as much in free agency as he could have, he did land big-name defensive lineman Malik Jackson, as well as cornerback Prince Amukamara and safety Tashaun Gipson. Between those additions and a defense-heavy draft, the Jaguars have poured substantial resources into repairing their defense this off-season.
Should it still fail to come together, eventually, the Jaguars will have no choice but to take a closer look at Bradley.
The front office deserves credit for staying the course, in spite of the disappointing results thus far. Few organizations have the self-control to undertake a lengthy rebuilding process, let alone the vision to actually pull it off. On as many as 31 of the other teams in this league, Bradley would have been shown the door by now, another coach brought in to cash the chips he had collected from 2013 to '15.
If the next two seasons are what Jacksonville had circled on its calendar, though, the team's record has to start reflecting that quiet confidence. Maybe another 5–11 season would not spell the end for Bradley, but such an outcome would make it increasingly difficult to defend him.
The current roster has far too much talent for the Jaguars to limp home again, several games under .500. In an improving but winnable division, they have the elements to compete: an offense capable of lighting up the scoreboard and a defense that, on paper, looks talented and athletic.
The outlook has changed for Bradley and Caldwell, which is mostly a testament to their diligent work since joining the organization. But “wait and see” won't cut it for much longer. At some point, a rebuild has to produce a finished product.
Coming Soon
The Stranded
When a tsunami strands dozens of teens on an island at their private school, they soon realize no rescuers are coming and they must save themselves.
The Stand Off
In 1969, L.A.'s newly formed SWAT team attempts to raid the Black Panther Party headquarters, resulting in an intense face-off that lasts for hours.
Green Eggs and Ham
Opposites Guy and Sam take a road trip to save an endangered animal, learning to try new things like hope, friendship, and a certain delectable dish.
Over the Moon
In this animated musical, a girl builds a rocket ship and blasts off, hoping to meet a mythical moon goddess. Legendary animator Glen Keane directs.
Edoardo Ferrario: Temi Caldi
Italian comedian Edoardo Ferrario riffs on life at 30 and unpacks the peculiarities of global travel, social media and people who like craft beer.
Jinn
When a girl accidentally releases a jinn in the form of a teenage boy, they learn they've also unleashed an ancient darkness that threatens the world.
Spectros
A teenage boy and his friends get caught in a clash between Brazilian witchcraft and Japanese Shinto spirits in their neighborhood.
Always Be My Maybe
Everyone assumed Sasha and Marcus would wind up together except for Sasha and Marcus. Reconnecting after 15 years, the two start to wonder ... maybe?
BERLIN — Nine wooden spikes topped with parts of a dead pig were planted on a plot of land where Muslims are planning to build a mosque in the eastern city of Erfurt, German police said Monday.
The 1.5 meter-tall (nearly 5-foot) stakes were topped with half of a pig's head, pig feet, and pig bowels among other things, the German news agency dpa reported. Police say whoever was responsible is unknown.
Pigs are considered unclean by Muslims.
Get The Times of Israel's Daily Edition by email and never miss our top stories Free Sign Up
There have been repeated protests against the construction of the Ahmadiyya mosque in Erfurt, including one by protesters who erected large Christian crosses on a neighboring property.
https://twitter.com/search?f=images&vertical=default&q=Erfurt%20mosque&src=typd
A spokesman for the Erfurt community, Mohammed Suleman Malik, said in a statement to The Associated Press that “while such acts do not make us lose our composure … we find it very sad that people go down to such a level.”
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press.
With the thrilling race to secure the last berths at the 2018 FIFA World Cup™ having concluded over recent days, ticket sales for the world's biggest single-sport event resumed on 16 November 2017, 12:00 Moscow time (10:00 Central European Time), on FIFA.com/tickets on a first-come, first-served basis.
A total of 622,117 tickets were successfully allocated (subject to payment) upon conclusion of the first window of sales phase 1 on 12 October 2017. Some 3,496,204 tickets had initially been requested with many ticket products and matches being heavily oversubscribed, requiring the allocation of tickets through a random selection draw process carried out in the presence of a public notary. During this process FIFA also identified a number of ticket applications that were not eligible to enter into the random selection draw, for example ticket applications for team-specific ticket series for teams that are no longer able to qualify, as well as ticket applications that violated the household restrictions (of a max. of 4 tickets for up to 7 matches).
From the total number of applications, the majority have come from Russia, and based on the results of the Random Selection Draw process 57 per cent of tickets is allocated to Russian fans. Tickets allocated to international fans account for 43 per cent of the total number of allocated tickets and the US, Chinese, German, Brazilian, Israeli, English, Finnish, Mexican and French fans all rank in the top ten.
During the current sales period, which started on 16 November at 12:00 am MSK and will conclude on 28 November, fans will be able to purchase tickets in real time on FIFA.com/tickets with immediate confirmation of successful applications, subject to availability. Football fans are advised to place their order as soon as the sales period opens, as high demand is expected and the remaining inventory following the random selection draw sales period is likely to sell out very quickly.
Tickets purchased during sales phases 1 and 2 will be delivered free of charge to fans in the weeks leading up to the tournament, with deliveries planned to start in April/May 2018 (subject to change). Tickets may be purchased using payment cards of Visa, the Official Payment Services Partner of FIFA, or by other accepted payment methods. To find out more about payment methods, please click here.
“We have been overwhelmed by the positive response from both Russian and international fans so far. With only a few teams still to qualify, we are again expecting high demand once sales resume on Thursday. Considering such remarkable interest in the 2018 FIFA World Cup in Russia from fans all over the world, we would like to once again stress that the only official, legitimate and at the same time user-friendly source to purchase tickets is the FIFA.com/tickets website. Fans who purchase tickets from other sources put themselves at significant risk of missing out on the World Cup, and of course we would not want that to happen,” says FIFA Head of Ticketing Falk Eller.
Category 4 tickets, which are exclusively reserved for Russian residents, will not be available for purchase during the first-come, first-served sales period due to the full allocation of the currently available category 4 tickets during the previous sales period.* *
Special access tickets *FIFA will also make a dedicated allocation of tickets available for disabled people, people with limited mobility and fans classified as obese. For more information, please click here*.
Full information about ticket sales for the 2018 FIFA World Cup is available on FIFA.com/tickets.
*FAN ID *At the request of the Russian authorities, all fans attending matches at the 2018 FIFA World Cup Russia need to apply for a FAN ID – the official identity document issued to fans. Fans are encouraged to apply for this free document as soon as possible after they have received their ticket confirmation email.
The FAN ID and a valid ticket are required for fans to be able to enter the 2018 FIFA World Cup stadiums. Having a FAN ID gives fans additional benefits and services provided by the host country, such as visa-free entry to the Russian Federation, certain free inter-host city travel and free use of public transport on matchdays. For further details, please visit www.fan-id.ru.
FIFA does not assume any liability or responsibility concerning the application, issue and/or use of FAN IDs.
Afghan security forces have detained five insurgents - three Pakistanis and two Afghans - with 10 tons of explosives that authorities say the militants intended to use in attacks in the capital, Kabul.
A National Directorate of Security spokesman, Shafiqullah Tahiri, said if the explosives had been used, the result would have been "large scale bloodshed."
Tahiri said the explosives were brought into Afghanistan from Pakistan. He said they were found in Kabul in 400 bags under piles of potatoes in the back of a truck.
Afghan officials have long accused Pakistan of harboring insurgent groups. Pakistan has denied supporting or giving sanctuary to insurgents on its territory.
Afghan cities and the diplomatic and government areas of Kabul were hit by a wave of attacks Sunday in what the Taliban said was the start of its spring offensive.
Afghan and U.S. officials have blamed the attacks on the Haqqani network, an insurgent group that is allied with the Taliban and al-Qaida, and has been described by American officials as the most dangerous militant force in the Afghan war.
Some information for this report was provided by AP, AFP and Reuters.
Readers may recall this survey: A poll to test the Lewandowsky methodology The results are in, which is why we can't say global warming proponents support pedophilia.
Guest essay by Brandon Schollenberger
They don't. The fact there is a correlation (0.14) between believing global warming is a serious threat and saying pedophilia is good is meaningless. The fact this correlation is “statistically significant” (at the 99.99% level) is meaningless. Anyone who looks at the data can immediately see the results are bogus (a small jitter value was added to allow us to see the density of responses):
There are only 20 or so respondents (out of over 5,000) who claim to believe global warming is a threat and claim to support pedophilia. It's likely those responses were false. Nobody can seriously claim that proves global warming proponents are pedophiles.
The issue of false responses received a lot of attention with Stephan Lewandowsky's paper, “NASA faked the moon landing—Therefore (Climate) Science is a Hoax. In that paper, similarly false responses created spurious correlations. Unfortunately, the focus on false responses meant a more fundamental issue got missed. Namely, the entire idea behind this approach is nonsensical. The approach is like taking the data displayed above and drawing this line:
The line fits okay in the bottom left corner where most of the data lies. That means there is positive correlation between the two data sets. However, that corner clearly shows a correlation between thinking pedophilia is bad and being a skeptic. It tells us nothing about global warming proponents or pedophiles. Similarly, when I said global warming proponents support genocide, I was doing this:
If we put this in words, the argument is:
Skeptics believe genocide and pedophilia are bad. Global warming proponents are the opposite of skeptics so they must believe genocide and pedophilia are good.
Change a few words, and you have Lewandowsky's argument for why we should believe skeptics are conspiracy theorists:
Global warming proponents believe the moon landing was real. Skeptics are the opposite of them so they must believe the moon landing was faked.
With this corresponding image:
All of these results are “statistically significant.” However, all of these results assume skeptics must hold the opposite view of global warming proponents on all things. Assuming that guarantees the results. We can do that to criticize any group we want. Just follow these simple steps:
1) Ask group X if they think the moon landing was real. They'll say yes. 2) Assume group Y would answer the opposite way. 3) Conclude group Y believes the moon landing was faked.
You can replace “the moon landing was real” with anything you want. I showed this by doing it with genocide and pedophilia. Had Lewandowsky asked about those, he could have concluded skeptics are pedophiles. He could have probably got it published too. After all, he didn't do this just once. He published a second paper using the same approach (with a slightly less skewed sample).
And he's not the only one who uses it. Lewandowsky's recent paper cites the paper, Dead and alive: Beliefs in contradictory conspiracy theories. That paper argues conspiracy theorists are so loony they'll accept multiple, contradictory conspiracies. It's namesake comes from the “statistically significant” correlation between believing Princess Diana and/or Osama Bin Laden was killed in a conspiracy and believing he/she is still alive. The image for this claim would be:
The scale in that image is correct. Let it sink in.
There is no justification for this methodology. Even so, three scientific journals have approved of it. Dozens of scientific articles approvingly cite its results. Half a dozen people have been paid papers using it. It has been promoted hundreds of times in the media. It is widely accepted in the global warming debate. It is complete and utter nonsense, but people like the results so they don't mind.
And if my suspicions are correct, it's probably been used in many other papers.
Advertisements
Share this: Print
Email
Twitter
Facebook
Pinterest
LinkedIn
Reddit
