It's always the little things that get you into trouble in politics.
Since the Trudeau government's unprecedented gamble with the public finances is far from little, it suggests the fallout from fall economic statement will be limited.
The laws of physics state that for every action, there is an equal and opposite reaction. The forecast that $32 billion will be added to already whopping deficits over the next five years, with no apparent plan to get back to balanced budgets, should cost the government support.
But politics doesn't follow such immutable laws. The numbers involved are so huge and the government's efforts to cloud the issue so effective that the Liberals will probably get away with it.
“Voters are slow to respond to this issue. The historical record suggests you can't win on deficit financing until you are on the verge of crisis,” said Tom Flanagan, professor emeritus in political science at the University of Calgary and a former Conservative Party campaign manager.
As the fiscal update makes clear, the Liberals are increasingly vulnerable on the economy – the $6-billion annual contingency fund has been used up; deficits are projected at $130 billion over the next five years; and, growth estimates for the economy have been downgraded to an average of 1.7 per cent between now and the next election.
If the $180 billion earmarked for infrastructure over the next 11 years doesn't produce the anticipated spur of economic growth, this government will have placed an untenable burden on future taxpayers.
But these are the concerns of the chattering classes – the rest of the country has to get up to go to work in the morning.
Conservative interim leader Rona Ambrose tried to unscramble the issues brought up by the fall economic statement during question period.
“The nightmare for taxpayers continues. The Liberals have doubled down on a failed plan,” she said. “Not one single new, additional full-time job has been created since the Prime Minister was elected.”
She was citing the Parliamentary Budget Officer's report from last week that pointed out job gains in the third quarter of this year were half the average from the previous five years and were entirely in the part-time sector (full-time job numbers actually contracted).
Urging voters to take a look at their own circumstance and asking whether they are better off than they were four years prior is a time-honoured tactic, even if you also need to convince them you will make them better off.
But that's a slow burn. The swifter route to corroding the popularity of the government is to portray them as a gang of pathological confidence tricksters and horse thieves.
While Ambrose led off her attacks in the House of Commons on the economy, she quickly pivoted to the bribery charges levelled against two top Ontario Liberals. She equated the charges against Patricia Sorbara, Premier Kathleen Wynne's former deputy chief of staff, to the allegations of ethical violations by Liberal ministers over cash for access.
“This is a lesson for the Prime Minister. He can enforce his own ethical guidelines or one day end up like Kathleen Wynne. What is it going to be?” she asked.
Trudeau tried to look as insouciant as any man wearing brown pants and a blue jacket can look on the floor of the House of Commons.
But he appeared more discomfited by questions that portray his government as a parcel of rogues than any number of broadsides from the opposition about balanced budgets.
Flanagan pointed out the asymmetric risk of making big, complicated decisions that go wrong, compared to small, easily understood screw-ups.
“With the Progressive Conservatives in Alberta, it was not reckless spending that was their undoing but the fact that there was an appearance of entitlement and a lack of concern for ordinary voters,” he said.
It may be trivial by comparison, but the $1,500-a-head “pay to play” fundraisers are likely to be a bigger threat to the Trudeau government's longevity than running up $130 billion in deficits. It's absurd, but apparently that's not a handicap in politics.
• Email: jivison@nationalpost.com | Twitter: IvisonJ
Image: ​Marc Boulay/Cossima Productions
​Paleontologists have discovered a thoroughly weird new species of giant amphibian, which thrived in freshwater ecosystems of the Late Triassic period, 230 million years ago. Measuring two meters from head to tail, Metoposaurus algarvensis was a formidable carnivore that dined on fish, reptiles, and perhaps even early dinosaurs.
A comprehensive study about the new species, led by University of Edinburgh paleontologist Steve Brusatte, was published today in the Journal ​of Vertebrate Paleontology.
"The new critter is a temnospondyl, which is a major group of archaic amphibians that lived for well over a hundred million years, and came in all shapes and sizes and diets," Brusatte told me. "Some were quite small and looked like little salamanders, but the biggest were about nine meters in length, which is just astronomical for an amphibian."
Size isn't the only thing these animals had going for them. Fossils collected by Brusatte and his international team—which included paleontologists Richard Butler, Octavio Mateus, and Seb Steyer—also reveal that this animal had a bizarre parabolic curve of a mouth, packed with hundreds of sharp teeth.
"It was almost certainly primarily a fish-eater, although we know from other sites that temnospondyls did interact with big reptiles that would come too close to the water," said Brusatte. "So if you were one of these small primitive dinosaurs just starting to rise up during the Triassic Period, then it would have been wise to avoid venturing too close to the water."
To that point, the water wasn't the only place to watch out for in the Triassic. As I wrote last week regarding another badass late Triassic predator, this era was defined by an unusual abundance of meat-eaters. If ever there was a biosphere that perfectly typified Tennyson's description of nature as being "red in tooth and claw," the late Triassic was it.
Moreover, in addition to this never-ending litany of weird carnivores, the Triassic was also home to the first dinosaurs and mammals. This is the ecological backdrop of the world that shaped Metoposaurus—and that it, in turn, helped shape.
"[O]ur the oldest ancestors, and the very oldest dinosaurs, had to deal with these big amphibians during their formative years," Brusatte told me. "The big amphibians were part of the fabric of this ancient world, living almost everywhere around the globe. You would have seen a lot of them if you were a time traveler."
Alas, the temnospondyls did not live the high life forever. The Pangean supercontinent began to rip apart some 200 million years ago, which sparked frequent and violent volcanic eruptions. According to Brusatte, these eruptions were "totally out of scale of anything humans have witnessed."
"They poisoned the atmosphere and led to chaotic swings in climate," he said. "Many animals couldn't cope, including many of the huge amphibians. Most of them died out. But dinosaurs went through relatively unscathed, and in the post apocalyptic world the dinosaurs took over, spread around the globe, developed massive size, and became dominant."
"So these amphibians are actually an integral part of the story of how dinosaurs rose to power, believe it or not!" Brusatte added.
Fortunately, it looks like a wealth of new fossils from this captivating ecosystem may be recovered in the near future. The ancient lakebed where these specimens were discovered has hardly been explored at all, and Brusatte thinks it may have preserved hundreds of skeletons from the Metoposaurus's world.
"It looks like this was an ancient lake or pond that probably dried up, and because these amphibians need to be near the water to survive but have such pathetic limbs that they can't move easily on land, they probably were pretty much screwed," he said.
'We went back a few times and so far have excavated just a tiny portion of the bonebed, about four square meters," Brusatte continued. "We have already collected parts of several skeletons and hope to go back soon to keep digging."
Given what the lakebed has delivered so far, it's safe to assume some promising finds are in the works. After all, this is the geological epoch that gave us two-legged crocodiles and monster Metoposaurus salamanders. What will it serve up next?
Biology of Axolotls
The Axolotl is unusual in nature because it retains its larval form into adulthood. In fact, it becomes sexually mature in this state. This adaptation, known as neoteny, is often viewed as a backward step in evolution because it prevents the axolotl from living on land, and as a result, it can't colonise new habitats. However, it has led to the axolotl being quite successful in its native habitat, at least until the arrival of man.
The Axolotl is carnivorous and has reasonably typical internal carnivore anatomy, with the main exception of the teeth. Its teeth are pedicalate (i.e. they're small stumps, like cones). With these it grips its food, manoeuvering it into position before swallowing it whole. It has a three-chambered amphibian heart (unlike the mammalian four-chambered heart), and, like all amphibians, it is poikilothermic (its body temperature is dependent upon its surroundings).
One thing to note is that although they retain larval morphology, they do develop rudimentary lungs, and axolotls can be seen to occasionally rise to the surface, take a quick gulp of air to fill these lungs, and then quickly descend to the bottom once more. From my observations, I believe that the lungs develop shortly after the rear legs reach their full length.
Axolotls are famous for their fabulous regeneration ability. Regeneration studies carried out around the world often involve the Axolotl. For example, a young axolotl that loses a foot to a sibling will usually grow it back over a period of a few weeks. This regeneration occurs via the formation of a "bud" at the end of the damaged appendage, followed by growth of the new foot. Entire limbs can be regenerated and even portions of the brain and spine.
The diagram on the right is a summary of the development of the Axolotl, from egg to adult. The red line below each animal represents roughly 2 mm. The egg (stage 1) is typically amphibian. It comprises of the embryo, which measures about 2 mm in diameter, and also the surrounding layers of jelly. The jelly is the product of water and a substance that is secreted around the egg when it is laid. Stage 2 is the embryo prior to hatching. At this stage it is approximately 11mm in length. Stage 3 is the young larva, prior to the growth of limbs.
Larval axolotls tend to be transparent for their first few weeks of life, or until the skin has thickened and pigment cells have proliferated over the body, so the organs are quite visible, as well as the progress of any food in the digestive tract.
After approximately two weeks, the larva reaches stage 4. Like all other caudates (newts and salamanders), and unlike anurans (frogs and toads), the front legs develop first, followed within a few weeks by the hind legs.
At stage 5 the axolotl is, to all intents and purposes, a miniature adult. I once saw a friend's female axolotl that was about 43 cm (17 inches) in length. However, a large size for most axolotls would be 25-30 cm (10-12 inches). The average seems to be about 23-25 cm (9-10 inches). Adults tend to reach their full size after eighteen months to two years, the growth rate depending on how well they are fed and at what temperature they are kept. I've raised axolotls to 26 cm in 7 months, but that's exceptionally fast.
The two pictures on the left and right are of a young adult female (hence the lack of eggs which would normally give the female a much more rounded appearance). Notice that one of her gill branches is held in a different orientation to normal (the gill on the left actually).
I have redrawn the diagram in Peter Scott's book (see Books and Links) of the Axolotl's digestive system on a real axolotl, in order to better illustrate the proportions and help us to visualise the internal arrangement of the organs. Imagine you're seeing through the animal. The cloaca/vent is on the underside.
Sexual Maturity
Male and female axolotls differ in a number of ways. Peter Scott gives a few pointers, but some of these seem to be rather inaccurate and unreliable. There are only two reliable methods of distinguishing males from females.
The first is that mature females tend to have very rounded bodies, due to the number of eggs present in their bodies. And the most reliable is that the sexually mature male's cloacal region is swollen, while that of the sexually mature female is considerably less so. See the photos at the bottom of this page.
Males generally reach sexual maturity slightly earlier than females, and mature males tend to be more elongated, and longer tails than females.
One point of note is that white, golden, and albino axolotls that have reached sexual maturity will have dark brown tips to their toes. The soles of their feet may even appear "dirty" (see the photo below). In wild type and melanoid animals the toe tips become slightly paler than the rest of the body, at maturity, but it is harder to see than in the lighter colour variants.
Male axolotls go through a cycle where, although sexually mature, they may not have sperm available for mating. In the wild this seems to be determined to some extent by the seasons. However, in captivity it's less regular and may occur at any time of the year. It usually takes the male about 2-3 months to produce sperm and perhaps a further 2 months for the sperm to move into the vas deferens so that it is available for mating. This could mean that the overlap between having and not having sperm available could be a few weeks to a few months.
Dark toe tips on lightly coloured axolotls indicate sexual maturity.
The first photo below is of the cloacal region of a mature male and the second is of a mature female's cloacal region. The male is a golden albino, while the female is a melanoid albino. Their cloacas are circled in blue.
Male Golden Albino Female melanoid albino
Axolotls occur in a number of colour variants too. This subject is discussed on the Genetics Page. The Health Page covers axolotl ailments.
Charlie Clark was talking about his Zope3 experiences and why it is a great framework to work with and here is my try on a summary:
He started with a brief history of Zope2, how it started, how the CMF came up, introducing new concepts, like Filesystem development, Skinning support and a standard set of tools.
Zope3 was then meant to overcome problems in Zope2 and the CMF. Development started in 2001 and aimed to be a „Zope for developers“. It was a complete rewrite and complete redesign. In the meantime Plone and other projects such as Ruby on Railes and others raised in popularity.
The business view
If you are a company it is important to get paid for your programming work. You will always have a technology lag though because you usually cannot be always on the cutting edge with all people. You try to differentiate yourself from the market by IP, packaging up your software etc.
But don't bet your business on it!
(didn't get the rest though unfortunately)
Is Zope right for you?
What is available? Plone is out there but migrating Plone versions is a pain but might get better.
You can also use CMF and Zope2 to have more flexibility but in fact you maybe directly should look at Zope3 but maybe not the whole thing directly.
Reasion: The Joy of using Python.
Don't Panic!
Zope3 is big but not complex. It just is different and it takes a while to get used to it.
Some figures: Plone objects have about 750 attributes when you instanciate them, CMF objects about 350, Zope3 objects about 50, mostly less. The fewer attributes you need to understand, the better.
What's good about Zope3
First: No acquisition. Back then it was quite a great invention in a CGI environment but unfortunately acquisition can have unpredicted sideeffects (esp. regarding security). In Zope3 it has been removed and you might need to get used to it.
The basic principle: Explicit is better than implicit.
Zope3 also has the Component Architecture which is great in itself but sounds rather complicated. The amount of configuration probably is what keeps people away from Zope3 right now. But configuration also has it's benefits because programmers and computers know exactly about what's going on here.
One question: Do I need components in a one-off site? This is a loaded question which can create a lot of discussions. But when you use it you can later get a lot of flexibility. Also remember that maybe in your next project you might want to reuse part of what you did for the one website. Using components then makes it easier.
Everything is an interface
One of the key concepts is an Interface, which is not just a specification but also a membership card. It's a way to get to stuff.
Documentation considered harmful?
Documentation for Zope3 is right now in READMEs mainly. It is unfortunately not as well documented as other projects which is a barrier of entry for many people. The code is readable but some of the concepts are somewhat abstract esp. for people who never used adapters etc.
But there is a great book: Web Component Development with Zope 3 by Philipp von Weitershausen. For Plone there is of course Martin's book which also explains parts of Zope3 like adapters etc.
Zope 3 in 5 minutes
Write your interface Write your content type Configure your content type Views Configure your view
Our experience
PHP programmers can migrate to Python
HTML developers are very happy with ZPT
Allow two months to transition
He then demoed a simple reimplementation of a Plone document type with Zope3 mechanics. He defined an interface, create a content type which derived from PortalContent of the CMF and configured it. He then showed the browser part of it where the views get defined.
(this transcript comes without any guarantee for correctness)
This was supposed to be the year Margus Hunt finally broke out for the Bengals. With the Bengals' lack of depth at defensive end, we were hoping the team believed with good cause that this was his time to take on a bigger role for a Bengals defense in desperate need of more defensive end to step up.
So much for that. To say Friday was a bad night for Hunt would be the equivalent of saying Hope Solo is a sore loser. Ironically, both of them probably shouldn't be with their respective teams much longer.
In his first live game action in over seven months, Hunt was easily the biggest loser of the Bengals' first preseason game. Hunt not only looked awful on this night, but he looked disinterested at times as if he didn't even care about his roster spot anymore.
He was frequently pushed back in the run game and got no push rushing the passer, the same issues he's had throughout his young career. For a guy who the Bengals were counting on to step up in 2016, in just one game, Hunt managed to not only put himself on the roster bubble, but may now be on the outside looking in.
Now entering his fourth NFL season, Hunt is on the final year of his rookie deal, which continues to look like it will be his last in Bengal stripes. That is if he even makes it to the 53-man roster.
Though Hunt has shown the potential of being a quality defensive end, injuries, playing behind veterans, and just about every other excuse to think of has led to Hunt being firmly on the roster bubble for the second-straight year.
Friday may have been the biggest step toward the Bengals cutting ties with Hunt we've seen. While he was putting up a dud of a performance, several other defensive ends had solid outings, while also making good cases for passing Hunt in the rotation.
It was night and day watching Hunt compared to Will Clarke, who looked like a man proceeded by the burning desire to be his best, whereas Hunt looked satisfied with being awful. Clarke and Hunt have been on about equal footing regarding their roles with the Bengals since 2014, but Clarke finally appears to be making the jump everyone was expecting Hunt to make.
Clarke has not only looked better in training camp, but he looked about as good as any Bengals defender did Friday night. He also did so against the Vikings first and second-team offense, enough that there's no question he should be the first end off the bench right now. Hunt played 36 snaps, 63 percent of the game but came away with 1 tackle and no other stat.
Even undrafted rookie Ryan Brown was more productive. It's just one game, but Brown already looks like he deserves to be on the roster more than Hunt.
What's even more mind-boggling about Friday's game was that Hunt has typically looked like an All-Pro in the preseason while going against second and third-string linemen. But this time, Hunt managed to look like a fourth-string camp body.
Frankly, I would rather bring back Dezmond Johnson or some undrafted free agent no-name and play him rather than watch another second of the Hunt I saw Friday.
What's Robert Geathers up to? I'd rather see him on one leg than continue watching what I saw from Hunt on Friday. It sure wasn't an NFL player.
For someone who's boasted of being "a grown-ass man," Hunt sure did look like a scared little boy.
Warner Bros. has announced this morning that Gal Gadot, most well known for appearing in the “Fast & Furious” films, has landed the role of Wonder Woman/Diana Prince in Zack Snyder's upcoming Batman vs. Superman film.
In a statement, Zack Snyder stated: “Wonder Woman is arguably one of the most powerful female characters of all time and a fan favorite in the DC Universe. Not only is Gal an amazing actress, but she also has that magical quality that makes her perfect for the role. We look forward to audiences discovering Gal in the first feature film incarnation of this beloved character.”
Batman vs. Superman will feature the return of Henry Cavill as Superman, facing off against Ben Affleck as Bruce Wayne/Batman. Also starring Amy Adams, Diane Lane and Laurence Fishburne, the Zack Snyder-directed Batman vs. Superman hits theaters on July 17, 2015.
(Photo Credit: Getty Images)
The city's Board of Finance violated transparency laws by meeting behind closed doors to approve more than $100 million in public financing for the massive Harbor Point development southeast of the Inner Harbor, a state panel ruled.
In response to complaints from The Baltimore Sun and TV station Fox 45, the state's Open Meetings Compliance Board ruled that the city officials illegally barred the public from the May 20 meeting. That day, the finance panel voted 4-0 to approve a request for city-issued bonds that would pay for roads, utilities and parks for the $1.8 billion project.
The ruling released Monday does not reverse the decision, which sent the funding to the City Council for consideration. However, it could force the city to reveal future legislation authorizing tax breaks and special tax deals earlier in the process.
"We've found that to amend legislation, the further it gets down the process, the harder it is to change it," said Jennifer Bevan-Dangel, director of the government watchdog group Common Cause Maryland. "And if it is a bad idea, the harder it is to stop it."
Beginning in October, public bodies that violate the Open Meetings Act could be fined $250 for a first offense and $1,000 for repeat offenses. Currently, public bodies can be fined $100 for violating the act.
Travis Tazelaar, a spokesman for Mayor Stephanie Rawlings-Blake, said city officials were taking the ruling seriously.
"We are reviewing the opinion and expect to fully comply with its expressed principles going forward," he said.
Stephen M. Kraus, the city's chief of treasury management and clerk to the board, also said he was reviewing the ruling. In May, Kraus argued he was entitled to close the meeting about Harbor Point's financing because "there is certain business that is confidential and proprietary."
In documents submitted to the open-meetings board, city lawyers argued that the meeting had been legally closed because it involved relocation of a business and the marketing of city bonds.
The compliance board disagreed, ruling that finance officials were acting as part of a legislative process, which must be public.
Bevan-Dangel urged the city to open future deliberations of taxpayer-funded projects.
"These boards should be erring on the side of too much transparency," she said. "Again and again, they err on the side of too much secrecy. You have bills being created with no public input."
The finance board met for about 90 minutes on May 20 and approved three pieces of legislation related to the development.
Baltimore finance director Harry E. Black, who attends board meetings in the place of Rawlings-Blake, voted in favor of the proposal. He was joined by three mayoral appointees: Larry I. Silverstein, Frederick W. Meier Jr. and Dana C. Moulden. Comptroller Joan M. Pratt abstained.
The City Council's Taxation, Finance and Economic Development Committee will hold a hearing on public assistance for the development on Aug. 7.
Committee Chairman Carl Stokes, who represents District 12, said secret deals do not engender faith that city government has citizens' best interests at heart.
"Of course, to do the public's business behind closed doors smacks of being a disingenuous method and it breeds suspicion," Stokes said. "If they can't do it openly, if they feel they have to close their doors, then they shouldn't be doing business."
If approved, the $107 million deal would be the city's second-largest tax increment financing plan. The city-owned Baltimore Hilton hotel was financed with $301 million in tax-exempt revenue bonds in 2006.
Under tax increment financing deals, the city issues bonds to pay for property acquisitions, infrastructure improvements and other project costs, then uses the increased property taxes created by the development to pay off the debt.
Developer Michael S. Beatty's Harbor Point Development Group LLC is redeveloping the mostly vacant 28 acres, the former Allied Signal chromium plant site. The site would be home to a 23-story regional headquarters for energy giant Exelon Corp. Morgan Stanley also has offices there and other buildings are planned.
Beatty has said the city-issued bonds would be used to pay for new roads, sidewalks, a waterfront promenade, a 6.5-acre public park and a bridige extending Central Avenue to the site. A lawyer for the developer had no comment on the open meetings decision.
Rawlings-Blake has called the Harbor Point development "an important project for the city" and stressed that it would bring thousands of new jobs to Baltimore. City officials estimate 7,000 construction jobs and 3,300 permanent jobs would be created by the development.
Baltimore County Del. Dan K. Morhaim sponsored statewide legislation this year that strengthened the open- meetings law.
The measure requires a public body to announce at its next meeting that the compliance board found it had broken the law. Each member of the group that violated the law also must sign a statement acknowledging the misconduct.
"It happens inadvertently sometimes," said Morhaim, a Democrat, of why public bodies meet illegally in secret. "It happens intentionally other times. Regardless, the public has a right to be at public meetings. Open meetings are staple of society."
luke.broadwater@baltsun.com
twitter.com/lukebroadwater
Cracks run like lightning streaks in the stucco above a stained-glass window of a guardian angel. Peeling paint threatens to rain chips down on red-cushioned pews. And an out-of-service sign on the elevator echoes the fate of Oak Cliff United Methodist Church.
The Rev. Edgar Bazán held his final service last Sunday in this sanctuary, which was one of the area's first churches. The congregation will merge with Tyler Street United Methodist Church, about 12 blocks away, in its first joint service at 1 p.m. Sunday.
“To close this building is not to die but to be born again, to renew our life and grow anew in a new place,” Bazán, 33, said in his last Sunday sermon at the church.
Bazán said the decision to close was difficult. The church building at Jefferson Boulevard and Marsalis Avenue needs an estimated $3 million worth of repairs — an impossible load for the 128 congregants. The annual electricity bill alone is budgeted for $30,000.
ChurchGrafik
“We did everything we could,” Bazán said, standing inside the sanctuary as his 4-year-old son, Emiliano, played nearby. His voice growing softer, the pastor added, “The church has a soul.”
Christmas and Easter and sunrise services were exceptional, he said, looking at the pipe organ above the altar and then back into the pews as though people were still there.
Oak Cliff UMC contains layers of Dallas history.
Its predecessor church, St. Mark's Methodist Episcopal, was officially founded in 1888 at another location as part of the three-point circuit of the Rev. C.G. Shutt of the Waxahachie District of the Northwest Texas Conference, according to a Methodist history document from 1962.
In 1915, church leaders moved to the current location. The church was built at a diagonal on the property to settle an argument between two big donors, Bazán said. One insisted it face Jefferson. The other wanted it on Marsalis.
Several decades later, the Youth Memorial Building was added to the complex and named to honor young men from the church who died in World War II.
By 1950, membership was about 3,000.
In recent years, the demographics shifted dramatically. When Bazán arrived eight years ago as an associate pastor, there were about three dozen members, and only a handful of them are still alive. Now, a good portion of the congregation is Latino.
Bazán, who is now the senior pastor, was born in Mexico, where the dominant religion is Catholicism. He was baptized a Catholic, he said, but his grandmother was a Methodist who influenced his decision to join a Protestant denomination.
He used his native Spanish in some sermons. Other times, he preached in English with a translator for the non-English-speaking congregants.
In mid-September, he expects to officially close operations at Oak Cliff UMC. Nearly every tenant who had office space there has moved on. Bazán will be an associate pastor at Tyler Street UMC.
Decisions about the use of the church building will fall to the North Texas Conference of the United Methodist Church, which is the regional religious leadership body.
The Rev. Sheron Patterson, spokeswoman for the conference, said no decision has been made. “At this point, it is just too soon,” she said.
The dark red brick church has Classical Revival architecture with exterior white pillars, according to the church's application for landmark status. The style takes inspiration from Greek structures. But inside, the many rectangular stained-glass windows feature a simplicity that reflects the Arts and Crafts movement popular at the turn of the century. Balconies have brass railings with a deep patina.
The church is one of 145 buildings designated a Dallas landmark, which makes demolishing it difficult. It's also designated a Texas landmark.
The prestige of a historical designation can be a burden for those who might consider taking it over and repurposing the property. “It is a blessing and a curse,” the pastor said. “Whoever owns the building will have to fix it.”
Longtime church member Mark Howell, 56, of East Dallas wishes the doors would stay open. He attended two services last Sunday. His late father was a minister of music there.
“It is my home church and I have been there since I was 6 years old,” Howell said. He rhapsodized on the way light flows through the many stained-glass windows, including those on the ceiling.
This Sunday, though, Howell said he'll skip services at Tyler Street UMC. He plans to head downtown to First United Methodist Church of Dallas. That neo-Gothic church with its brick-red door and a history of nearly 170 years suits him, he said. Besides, his mother and other family members have already made it their Sunday prayer house.
WASHINGTON -- Vermont Sen. Bernie Sanders secured the endorsement of the 200,000-member American Postal Workers Union on Thursday, marking the largest labor union to back his Democratic presidential campaign.
The union's decision gives Sanders a boost heading into the second Democratic debate in Iowa on Saturday and comes as the Vermont senator has sought to halt a string of labor endorsements to Democratic front-runner Hillary Rodham Clinton.
The postal workers' union said Sanders has a long history of supporting its workers and pointed to his efforts to keep open post offices and mail-sorting plants in rural communities, oppose slower delivery standards and fight attempts to privatize the mail service.
Sanders ups Clinton attacks on campaign trail
"Sen. Bernie Sanders stands above all others as a true champion of postal workers and other workers throughout the country," APWU President Mark Dimondstein said in a statement. "He doesn't just talk the talk. He walks the walk."
"He is a fierce advocate of postal reform to address the cause of the USPS financial crisis and an outspoken opponent of USPS policy that degrades mail service," Dimondstein added, saying Sanders had fought the closure of post offices.
The labor union also touted the Vermont senator's stance on fast track trade authority and deals like the Trans-Pacific Partnership, the details of which the Obama administration released earlier this month. APWU supports other parts of Sanders' policy agenda, including raising the minimum wage to $15 per hour and free tuition for public colleges.
Clinton has locked down several key components of organized labor, including the National Education Association and the American Federation of State, County and Municipal Employees. Sanders has assiduously courted rank-and-filed union members but battled against perceptions he wouldn't be as electable as Clinton and strong enough to take on the eventual Republican nominee.
Until now, Sanders had received one national labor endorsement, which came from the 185,000-member National Nurses Union.
Postal worker union officials said Sanders showed a deep understanding of their issues and said they were particularly swayed by his address to 2,000 activists in Las Vegas in October. From his Senate perch, Sanders has also blocked two nominees to the postal Board of Governors who are opposed by postal unions.
The union said Sanders' support was overwhelming among its executive board, which also heard from a labor liaison from Clinton's campaign.
PHOENIX — Bill Belichick is clearly a big Mike McCarthy fan.
After watching McCarthy's Green Bay Packers beat his New England Patriots in November, Belichick's post-game handshake with the Packers coach was longer than the usual midfield formality. Longtime Patriots observers were taking aback by how long the sometimes gruff head coach lingered.
It was so noticeable that McCarthy was asked about it in his post-game press conference and said Belichick had been "very gracious" without delving into their conversation further.
Then to start his own postgame Q&A with reporters after the Packers' 26-21 victory at Lambeau Field, Belichick deviated from his usual modus operandi and opened with more praise of the Packers and McCarthy, something he'd also done during the week leading up to the game.
And so, maybe it shouldn't have been surprising when the four-time Super Bowl champion head coach said what he did about McCarthy during Tuesday morning's AFC coaches breakfast at the annual NFL Meetings at the Arizona Biltmore hotel.
But it sure was attention-grabbing.
Belichick, who is entering his 16th season as the Patriots' head coach, was asked about the importance of being willing to change despite having success. McCarthy, who is entering his 10th season as the Packers' coach, revamped the team's entire weekly schedule last year and this year is giving up the offensive play-calling duties in the wake of the team's collapse in the NFC Championship Game.
"Well, I mean, first of all, I'd say Mike's one of the best coaches in the league, one of the best coaches I've ever gone up against," Belichick replied. "I'm sure whatever he's doing is the right thing. I have a lot of respect for him. I'm sure whatever decisions he's making for the Green Bay Packers are good ones and ones that he thinks are right. I personally wouldn't question anything he does."
To that point, Belichick — speaking in a low, deep monotone — hadn't given many expansive answers to reporters seated at his table, so his reply on McCarthy was noteworthy.
"I'm just telling you, that's what I think," Belichick continued. "And I'd say since I've been with the Patriots, even going back to Cleveland, there's been times where I've met daily with the offense, times where I've met daily with the defense, times that I meet with the quarterbacks, times that I meet with the special teams. It's not the same every year, it's not the same every week, so I do what I feel like is best for our football team.
"And I'm sure that's what Mike's doing — whatever that is. I don't even know. Whatever it is. That's the way I look at it."
Upate, 4pm: The text has been updated to clarify the bridge's color capabilities and include more info on current setup from the design firm.
The curvy crossings over Hwy. 59 east of Spur 527 have been caught on camera glowing at passing drivers this week as workers test out the new colored lighting systems. Sarah Gandy of Gandy² Lighting Design tells Swamplot that the plan is to have all 6 bridges lit nightly by the first week of February as the pre-Super Bowl hullaballoo ramps up, but that final tweaks and adjustments are still being made (as seen here).
Gandy tells Swamplot that the bridge's color patterns are still being programmed, and that they'll soon be capable of a full range of groovy multi-tone modes like those shown in renderings previously released by the Montrose Management District (shown below):
***
The first of those were being tested out on Wednesday night:
A reader also sent in a few snaps of the Hazard St. bridge under this week's full moon, as seen during Tuesday's round of testing:
Photos: Gandy2 Lighting Design (top 6), Rex Solomon (bottom 2)
Pre-Super Bowl Exhibition
The Galaxy S8 is going to officially be one of the first smartphones on the market that's theoretically capable of hitting gigabit LTE speeds, per a new video from T-Mobile showing off Samsung's newest smartphone hitting some seriously fast speeds in a test (albeit in a lab).
It's news that makes a lot of sense, given that we've known for a while that Qualcommn's latest Snapdragon 835 chip (which is exclusive to Samsung until April) would feature its new X16 LTE modem and is the company's first chipset to be theoretically capable of gigabit speeds (what's known as LTE Category 16). Additionally, Samsung just announced last month at Mobile World Congress that its own Exynos 9 Series 8895 chip — which will be used in the Galaxy S8 in some markets — was also capable of gigabit speeds.
Obviously, that magic gigabit number is the best case scenario — T-Mobile's own test that actually reached it was performed in under controlled laboratory conditions — and you're unlikely to see those kinds of speeds in real world use just yet. At the end of the day, you're probably going to be capped by what cellular networks can provide, rather then what the hardware is capable of (for reference, last year's Galaxy S7 supported the LTE Category 9 standard with a theoretical maximum speed of 450 megabits-per-second, which was likely not seen in the real world.) it's nice to know that the S8 can reach those speeds should networks be able to one day support them.
Additionally, the Galaxy S8 will be the first smartphone capable of taking advantage of the recent LTE-U (LTE-Unlicensed) bands of spectra, which T-Mobile will soon be supporting later this year. Which, along with the new chips, adds up to the S8 likely offering some of the faster mobile internet on the market.
Dan Aykroyd Finally Admits Bill Murray Will Not Do Ghostbusters 3 By Sean O'Connell Random Article Blend Ghostbusters 3 will not happen--probably.
While in London to promote Crystal Head, his own brand of vodka, Aykroyd admitted to
“The studio, the director Ivan Reitman and Harold Ramis feel there must be a way to do it, but Bill Murray will not do the movie. He doesn't want to be involved. He's got six kids, houses all over America. He golfs in these tournaments where they pay him to turn up and have a laugh. He's into this life and living it. I know we'd have a lot of fun [but] I can't be mad at him. He's a friend first, a colleague second. We have a deep personal relationship that transcends business and he doesn't want to know.”
This story started ugly, and has only grown more bizarre over time. Murray went from stubbornly ignoring media inquiries about a sequel to reportedly
This, however, is the first time Aykroyd has gone on record to confirm that Murray will not be involved in any sequel. And while the comedian tells the interviewer that they're “not going to do a movie that exploits the franchise,” I think the only reasonable thing to do at this point is cut your loses and stop all of this foolish talk. No one wants to see a Ghostbusters film without Murray. We're not even sure we're being interested in Ghostbusters 3 with Murray on the team … as a ghost, or as a living, breathing, wise-cracking Ghostbuster. Pull the plug. Pour your vodka, Mr. Aykroyd. Chalk this one up as “what could have been.” Because without Murray, there should be no sequel. Period. Despite plans to introduce a younger generation of spook fighters, and despicable plans to possibly recast Peter Venkman , Dan Aykroyd now seems resigned to the fact thatwill not happen--probably.While in London to promote Crystal Head, his own brand of vodka, Aykroyd admitted to The Telegraph that “it's a surety that Bill Murray will not do the movie,” though he quickly added that “there is still interest from the studio.”This story started ugly, and has only grown more bizarre over time. Murray went from stubbornly ignoring media inquiries about a sequel to reportedly shredding a copy of the script and mailing it back to Ramis. While Bill balked, stories started circulating that Aykroyd wanted female Ghostbusters like Eliza Dushku or Alyssa Milano to take over the power packs. Then there was the rumor that Murray might come back to the franchise as a ghost This, however, is the first time Aykroyd has gone on record to confirm that Murray will not be involved in any sequel. And while the comedian tells the interviewer that they're “not going to do a movie that exploits the franchise,” I think the only reasonable thing to do at this point is cut your loses and stop all of this foolish talk. No one wants to see afilm without Murray. We're not even sure we're being interested inwith Murray on the team … as a ghost, or as a living, breathing, wise-cracking Ghostbuster. Pull the plug. Pour your vodka, Mr. Aykroyd. Chalk this one up as “what could have been.” Because without Murray, there should be no sequel. Period. Blended From Around The Web Facebook
Back to top
ARA News
Aleppo, Syria – Syrian rebels of Jaish al-Fatih (al-Fatih Army) seized Friday control of headquarters of the regime's State Security and the Air Force Intelligence branching the city of Daraa in southern Syria.
Rebel fighters reportedly destroyed four checkpoints of the pro-regime forces in the city, after storming headquarters of pro-Assad forces.
The fall of Daraa city in the hands of rebels makes it the third Syrian city that is completely free of Assad forces after Raqqa (held by ISIS) and Idlib (held by Syrian rebels).
Speaking to ARA News in Daraa, media activist Mohammad al-Hussein confirmed that the opposition fighters of Jaish al-Fatih took over 85% of Daraa so far.
Jaish al-Fatih includes most of the opposition-linked brigades and battalions fighting in southern Syria.
Clashes between the rebels and pro-Assad forces moved on Friday evening to the Manshiya neighborhood, the last stronghold of the pro-Assad forces in the city of Daraa.
Reporting by: Taim Khalil
Source: ARA News
One of the interesting things about games where players have hidden information, like poker or crib, is how hard it is to solve them. Ultimately this comes down to the fact that counterfactuals, things that could have happened but didn't, affect the optimal strategies. Unlike games of perfect information, such as chess and backgammon, you can't find the optimal strategy by just recursing down the game tree the way minimax and expectiminimax do. The sub-trees interact.
In this post, in order to give an idea of how counter-intuitive strategies for imperfect information games can be, I'll present and analyze a simple game. Then I'll point out how crazy following the optimal strategy looks.
The Game
I call the following game "stormy fate". It's not quite the simplest game I could have used, but it's close.
Stormy fate starts with an attacker asking fate if the seas will be safe. Fate flips a coin to decide, then tells the attacker if there will be a storm. After receiving that information, the attacker has to decide whether to attack the other player (the defender) by land, or by sea. The defender, who is not aware of whether there was a storm but will see how the attacker is approaching, has to choose between standing their ground and running away.
The goal of the game is to accumulate the most points. For daring to interrogate fate, the attacker starts the game by paying an 11 point penalty. Questioning fate further, by sailing seas fated to be stormy, would cost an additional 10 points. On top of that, storms weaken attacks. If the defender fights a storm-battered fleet, the defender wins the battle and +10 points. This is risky for the defender, though, because if the seas were calm then the attacker will win the battle for +10 points and occupy the city for +20 points.
The defender's alternative to fighting is running away, but that leaves the city defenceless. The attacker will occupy it for +20 points. The defender also has the choice of fighting or running when the attacker approaches by land, but the formidable walls can hold off a land attack without any points changing hands.
Here's the game tree, for reference:
We want to find an optimally resilient strategy for the attacker. The one hardest for a defender to exploit.
Puzzle: Is there an attack strategy where the attacker's expected change in points is positive, relative to any possible defender?
Analysis
Analyzing the game is a lot easier if we drop the narrative and break things down into cases:
Fate Attacker Defender Outcome storm land run +9 storm land fight -11 storm sea run -1 storm sea fight -31 calm land run +9 calm land fight -11 calm sea runs +9 calm sea fight +19
A strategy is just an assignment of probabilities to each possible decision. The attacker and defender each have two decisions to make. The attacker decides how often to attack when the seas are stormy, and how often to attack when the seas are calm. The defender decides whether to fight or flee when the attack comes by land, and whether to fight or flee when the attack comes by sea. (Recall that the defender doesn't know whether the seas were stormy. It may be possible to infer that based on where the attack is coming from, but otherwise the defender's strategy is forced to be independent of sea storminess.)
Together the strategies determine the expected change in points $E$. We just scale each outcome's point change by the probabilities that lead to it, and sum up. So:
Let $p$ be the probability of the attacker attacking by land when it's stormy.
Let $q$ be the probability of the attacker attacking by land when it's calm.
Let $a$ be the probability of the defender running when attacked by land.
Let $b$ be the probability of the defender running when attacked by sea.
Define $\overline{x}$ to be $1-x$, the complement of $x$.
Then $E = \frac{1}{2} \left(+9 p a - 11 p \overline{a} - \overline{p} b - 31 \overline{p} \overline{b} +9 q a - 11 q \overline{a} + 9 \overline{q} b + 19 \overline{q} \overline{b} \right)$
The attacker wants to maximize $E$. The defender wants to minimize it. Because the goal of the puzzle is to gain points against all defensive strategies, we can pretend that the defender has access to the attacker's strategy. A good analogy here is to think of the attacker as a casino machine that can't be updated. The defender is going to reverse engineer the machine, find any flaws, and exploit them mercilessly. For our purposes, this just means the defender gets to use $p$ and $q$ when choosing $a$ and $b$.
To decide what $a$ should be, the defender inspects the derivative of $E$ with respect to $a$:
$\frac{dE}{da} = \frac{1}{2} \left(+9 p + 11 p +9 q + 11 q \right) = 10 p + 10 q$
When the derivative is positive, the attacker will gain points whenever $a$ is increased. So in that case the defender wants $a$ as low as possible, and should set it to 0. Conversely, when the derivative is negative, the defender should set $a$ to 1. The value of $a$ goes discontinuously from $0$ to $1$ when the sign of the derivative changes. We can represent that as $a = H(-p - q)$, where $H$ is the heaviside step function.
We repeat the same procedure for $b$. First, compute the derivative:
$\frac{dE}{db} = \frac{1}{2} \left( -\overline{p} + 31 \overline{p} + 9 \overline{q} - 19 \overline{q} \right) = 10 - 15p + 5q$
Then flip the sign, remove the common factors, and use the heaviside step function. We find that $b = H(3p - q - 2)$.
Now let's rearrange the expected value formula so we can plug in our formulas for $a$ and $b$. Start by expanding $\overline{a}$ and $\overline{b}$, and gathering terms:
$E = \frac{1}{2} \left(a \left( +9 p + 11 p + 11 q + 9 q \right) + b \left( -\overline{p} + 31 \overline{p} + 9 \overline{q} - 19 \overline{q} \right) - 31 \overline{p} - 11 p - 11 q + 19 \overline{q} \right)$
Simplify the terms:
$E = \frac{1}{2} \left(a \left( 20 p + 20 q \right) + b \left( 20 - 30 p + 10 q \right) - 12 + 20 p - 30 q \right)$
Insert the formulas, and extract factors so the heaviside functions get multiplied by their own argument:
$E = \frac{1}{2} \left(-10 H(-p - q) \left( - p - q \right) - 10 H(3p - q - 2) \left( 3p - q - 2 \right) - 12 + 20 p - 30 q \right)$
Now use the fact that $H(x) x = x \uparrow 0$, where $a \uparrow b = max(a, b)$.
$E = \frac{1}{2} \left(-10 ((-p - q) \uparrow 0) - 10 ((3p - q - 2) \uparrow 0) - 12 + 20 p - 30 q \right)$
Finally, get rid of that pesky factor of a half:
$E = 10p - 15q - 6 - 5 ((-p - q) \uparrow 0) - 5 ((3p - q - 2) \uparrow 0)$
Great! Now we have a compact formula that only involves $p$ and $q$. The least-exploitable attacker strategy is whatever values of $p$ and $q$, both required to be between 0 and 1, maximize $E$. We don't even have to do an exhaustive search of the space: all the cases are linear, so we just need to check critical points.
There's a critical point wherever two critical lines intersect. In this case our critical lines include not just the four lines bordering the unit square, but also the lines $p=q$ and $3p = q + 2$, because they define the borders where the the maximum operators switch which operand is returned.
We find that the critical points are $(0,0)$, $(0,1)$, $(1,0)$, $(1,1)$, and $\left(\frac{2}{3}, 0 \right)$. The maximum is at $\left(\frac{2}{3}, 0 \right)$, where $E$ is $\frac{2}{3}$. Given $p=\frac{2}{3}$ and $q=0$, we can also determine that $a = H(-\frac{2}{3} - 0) = 0$ and that $b = H(3 \frac{2}{3} - 0 - 2) = H(0) \in [0, 1]$.
Translated back in terms of the word problem, these numbers mean that the attacker will always attack by sea when the seas are calm, but only attack by sea $\frac{1}{3}$ of the time when it's stormy. The most exploitative defender against this attack strategy is one that always fights land attacks, but may arbitrarily fight or run from sea attacks without affecting the expected outcome. Let's arbitrarily say the most exploitative defender always fights any attack.
A slightly easier way to find the maximum is to just plug the problem into wolfram alpha:
(Note: I made non-negligible edits to the above screenshot to make it clearer.)
The small green area in the contour plot is the space of strategies with positive returns.
Bonus puzzle: Can you modify the game's payoffs so that the positive returns area doesn't touch the sides?
Counter-intuitive Sub-Games
Put yourself in the shoes of an attacker who's just been told the seas are going to be stormy. The "calm" part of the game tree is unreachable. The -11 penalties for interrogating fate has already been applied. What do the remaining payoffs for our choices look like?
storm land sea run +20 +10 fight 0 -20
If you were presented with this game, by itself, what would the solution be? Well, the fight row clearly dominates the run row. The defender always does better by fighting, so that's what they'll do. Also, the land column dominates the sea column (even given that the defender gets to play second). Clearly the optimal strategy in this sub-game is to always attack by land. Attacking by sea is tantamount to just throwing away 20 points.
Except that, in the larger game, the optimal strategy is not to always attack by land. One third of the time you have to stand in front of your sailors, with the sky already rumbling in the distance, and tell them to mount a doomed attack. While they look at you like you are the most absurdly stupid person ever.
You might think that attacking by sea when it's stormy is a way to bluff the defender. Well, sort-of, but remember: an optimal defence against this attack strategy is to always fight. The defender is not going to run from our attack. They are going to crush it.
So why the heck are we throwing these sailors' lives away?
Because if we didn't, the enemy would run when we attacked by sea. The goal is not to make the stormy seas attack look strong, it's to make the calm seas attack look weak. We want the extra ten points for crushing the defending army before occupying the city, and suiciding now and then just happens to do the trick. Choosing to attack by sea when it's stormy isn't a bluff, and it isn't feigning weakness, it's creating the counterfactual opportunity to feign weakness.
Playing out this strategy is especially strange when the game is only going to be played once. You know you'll never see the benefits of creating that counterfactual opportunity. Saying you purposefully lost the war so that you could have won it is somehow... not very convincing. But if you won't purposefully lose the war, if you can't stick to the optimal strategy, then opponents will use that against you and you'll expect to lose more often.
Summary
Incomplete information games are hard to solve (it takes doubly-exponential time in the worst case), because their sub-parts interact in complicated ways. Being able to precommit to following strategies that have sub-cases where you work against your own interests is an important ingredient in optimal play.
Josh Ewing A waterbird petroglyph in Utah's Bears Ears region. This landscape contains more than 100,000 archaeological and cultural sites.
Utah voters support safeguarding the Bears Ears area in the southeastern part of the state as a national monument by a significant margin, according to a new poll by Benenson Strategy Group and Public Opinion Strategies. The survey, commissioned by The Pew Charitable Trusts, found that a clear majority—55 percent—supports the idea of protecting Bears Ears as a new national monument, while 41 percent are opposed.
By a margin of better than 2 to 1, Utahans also described the designation of Grand Staircase-Escalante National Monument two decades ago as a good rather than bad thing for their state. Vast majorities believe it has had a beneficial impact on the state's tourism industry (70 percent positive, 6 percent negative, and 15 percent no impact) and on Utah's wildlife and environment (62 percent positive, 7 percent negative, and 17 percent no impact). In the 10 years after the monument was established, the number of jobs in the area increased by 38 percent and per-capita income rose 30 percent, according to a 2011 study by Headwaters Economics.
The new survey found that nearly three-quarters of respondents believe that the economic benefits of protecting Bears Ears as a national monument are a very or somewhat convincing reason for the designation.
Among the poll's other key findings:
Almost 9 in 10 of Utah's residents have visited national parks, national forests, or national wildlife refuges at least once or twice in the past year. Only 12 percent have never visited public lands in the last 12 months.
The most popular outdoor activities for Utah residents on a regular basis are hiking and camping, both at 67 percent.
The concept of protecting and conserving public land for future generations resonates strongly with Utah voters (77 percent say it's very important, and another 21 percent consider it a somewhat important priority).
More than three years ago, Pew joined a public process that aimed to end three decades of uncertainty over whether to protect or develop public lands in eastern Utah. The initiative, begun by Representatives Rob Bishop and Jason Chaffetz, was an attempt to find common ground between conservation and development interests.
On July 14, the congressmen introduced the Utah Public Lands Initiative Act (H.R. 5780). Pew does not support the legislation as currently written, and we have outlined our concerns in a letter to the sponsors.
We believe that if H.R. 5780 cannot be improved and the legislation cannot be moved through the House and Senate in this last session of the 114th Congress, then President Barack Obama should use his authority under the Antiquities Act to protect the Bears Ears region as a national monument.
The poll offers further evidence of Utahans' support for preserving this special place for future generations.
The poll of 600 registered voters was conducted by a random-digit-dialing sample of landlines and cellphones between July 26-31 by Benenson Strategy Group and Public Opinion Strategies and has a sampling error of plus or minus 3.94 percentage points.
Mike Matz directs The Pew Charitable Trusts' U.S. wilderness conservation work.
The San Francisco 49ers are feeling like world-beaters, riding high off of a four-game win streak led by franchise savior and impervious godsend Jimmy Garoppolo.
After San Francisco overwhelmed the league's best defense in a 44-33 victory over the Jacksonville Jaguars, nobody embodied better the Niners' newfound confidence than fourth-year running back Carlos Hyde, who made a bold declaration about his team's future.
"Minus our record, we're a really good football team," Hyde declared to reporters, per Bay Area News Group's Cam Inman. "Next year we're going to win the Super Bowl."
When asked whether, as a pending free agent, he would consider returning to San Francisco, Hyde said, "I feel we've got a chance to go the Super Bowl next year and I don't want to go to another team."
If this were any other 5-10 also-ran, we would scoff at such prognostications and toss any individual suggesting them into the vicious news cycle of mockery and scorn. But this Niners team is different, and Hyde might be on to something.
With Garoppolo at the helm, San Francisco is undefeated (4-0) and has defeated two playoff contenders in back-to-back weeks. Jimmy G has compiled 1,268 yards, completed 69 percent of his passes and thrown five touchdowns in five games and four starts as a 49er. He led a game-winning fourth-quarter drive in last week's victory and got out ahead quickly in San Francisco's win this week. And the Niners are doing this with a motley crew of receivers -- Marquise Goodwin, Trent Taylor, Kendrick Bourne -- and a first-year regime.
Imagine what San Francisco can do to the NFC with another free-agent haul, a draft class that boasts four picks in the first three rounds and a second year of Kyle Shanahan-John Lynch leadership.
Hyde could earn starting tailback money on the open market after playing out his rookie deal, but would he be willing to take a hometown discount to continue his career in Jimmy G's sidecar? His comments suggest it's a possibility.
Hyde isn't alone in his assessment. Niners tackle Joe Staley gushed this week that Garoppolo has a "different aura" about him. Kyle Juszczyk marveled at how the signal-caller "commanded respect" from Day 1. Rookie tight end George Kittle compared Garoppolo's leadership ability to that of Staley, an 11-year veteran.
Garoppolo's legend is growing in the locker room and around the league. As it does, so will San Francisco's reputation as a "destination franchise." One year ago, as the Niners slunk to 2-14, the notion that they were two years away from postseason and Super Bowl contention would have been laughable. Now? It's the narrative.
An unarmed college football player was shot and killed by a police officer in suburban Dallas, Texas Friday, after he crashed his car through the front window of a car dealership. The teenager, who is black, was identified as 19-year-old Christian Taylor of Arlington, who was enrolled as a sophomore at Angelo State University in San Angelo.
The Arlington Police Department said in a statement, cited by the Associated Press, that officers were responding to a burglary call at 1.a.m. on Friday, when they discovered a car had been driven through the front window of the Classic Buick GMC dealership. The statement added that there was a struggle after the officer approached Taylor, who was a 2014 graduate of Mansfield Summit High School and a football player. The officer, identified as Brad Miller, 49, shot Taylor during the altercation. Miller, who was placed on administrative leave after the incident, has been with the department since last September after graduating from the police academy in March. He had been working under the supervision of a training officer.
“He [Taylor] was a good kid. I don't see him stealing no car or nothing like that,” Clyde Fuller, Taylor's great uncle from Grand Prairie, Texas said, according to the Fort Worth Star-Telegram, adding: “They say he's burglarizing the place by running up in there? Nuh-uh. Something doesn't sound right.
“I think something is going on that somebody is lying about,” Fuller added. Taylor's coach at Angelo State, Will Wagner, also tweeted Friday: “Heart is hurting.”
Arlington Police Sgt. Paul Rodriguez said that a criminal and administrative investigation into the shooting will be conducted by authorities, according to the Dallas Morning News. Police said that a criminal investigation will focus on “the use of deadly force,” while an administrative investigation will probe if Miller's actions were in line with departmental policies.
According to court records from Tarrant County, cited by the Star-Telegram, Taylor was sentenced to six months deferred-adjudication probation last December for possession of 11 hydrocodone tablets that were not prescribed to him. The case stemmed from a September 2013 traffic stop but was dismissed last July after Taylor satisfied the requirements of his probation.
Rodriguez added, according to the Star-Telegram, that the Arlington department is starting a pilot program to get the use of body cameras in place, however, the officers were not wearing them yet.
The case comes amid increasing criticism of use of excessive force by police against black suspects, which led to nationwide protests last year.
Nearly 90 percent of surveyed workers who lost their jobs during the oil bust either remain unemployed or opted to leave the oil and gas sector entirely, according to an ongoing study being conducted by University of Houston researchers.
Roughly a quarter of laid-off energy who participated in the study — out of 720 respondents thus far — found work outside of the oil and gas industry, while more than 60 percent of them remain out of work. Only 13 percent of them have found new jobs within the industry.
The two-year oil bust resulted in more than 215,000 U.S. jobs lost — including about 100,000 in Texas — and many of those workers may never return to the industry. More than 70 percent of the study participants said they're nervous about the industry's future and about 55 percent said they're considering giving up on the sector entirely. About two-thirds of them complained about the way their companies' layoffs were handled.
That could make it harder to find good job candidates as hiring ticks back up with the rebounding oil price, said Christiane Spitzmuller, principal investigator with the Center for Applied Psychological Research at the University of Houston.
“A good number of people are lost to other industries,” she said. “Oil and gas impacts just about everything here in all parts of our economy.”
The permanence of many leaving the industry will translate into high recruitment and training costs for new hires, who may not have had prior energy industry jobs, Spitzmuller added.
She conducted the project with Caitlin Porter, assistant professor of psychology, doctoral student Zachary Roberts and industry consultant Bob Newhouse.
“People see the industry as having low job security,” Porter said.
Even before the oil bust, the energy sector was still grappling with a skills gap that resulted from people avoiding the industry after the 1980s oil crash, as well as a recent wave of retirements.
The study focused on energy workers who lost their jobs within the last two years. The research results recommend better internal communication about how downsizing decisions are made and and how the impacted people are treated. The benefits of corporate layoffs for company are delayed for months because of associated severance payments and restructuring costs.
“The cost in laying people off may be bigger than the benefit,” Porter added.
For Sixers fans, Dario Saric was an International Man of Mystery for two full years after the team acquired the Croatian forward via a draft-day deal with the Orlando Magic back in 2014.
And as the now-22-year-old's skills continued to develop overseas, fans back in Philly couldn't help but watch longingly and do everything in their power to fight back against the little voice in their heads saying that he may never want to join a team that had gone 28-136 since acquiring his NBA rights.
During the worst two-year stretch in franchise history (at least in terms of wins and losses), everyone's attention appropriately seemed more focused on what the future held than what the present was offering. And while Ben Simmons and the Sixers quest for the No. 1-overall pick remained at the forefront, there were still plenty keeping a watchful eye on Saric, who was playing Euroleague ball in Turkey.
The problem, however, is that most of us don't know how Saric's game will translate to the NBA.
With college players, like Simmons, it's easier to make the comparison, not just because we understand the college game better due to its availability, but we've also seen far more players make that transition than the one Saric began on Friday when he officially signed with the Sixers.
So what do we do?
We compare him to other Euro players who have been successful in the NBA and draw conclusions from that. And even if you've only read a few scouting reports on the newest Sixer, you likely saw one name come up over and over again.
While you're likely familiar with what Toni Kukoc was able to do in the NBA (i.e. his three straight titles with the Bulls), how much do you really know about his European career (i.e. his three straight Euroleague titles)? And how does that era of European ball compares to the current one? And that NBA to this one?
More specifically, how much do we know about his game before he played alongside Michael Jordan?
Considerably less. And that's being generous.
In a way, Kukoc was the Jordan of Croatia basketball. He had, by far, more success than any other player from his country. In addition to numerous Euroleague honors, he was hugely successful in international competition as well. Before even playing his first NBA game, Kukoc won a pair of silver medals at the Olympics (the first coming in 1988, when Croatia was still part of Yugoslavia) as well as a gold at the 1990 FIBA World Championships, in which he was named the MVP. He also played in 846 NBA games, more than double any Croatian player ever.
Saric, on the other hand, hasn't even played one NBA game. And that's why, while flattering, he thinks the Kukoc comparison is "stupid."
His words, not mine.
“I always say it's stupid to compare me and Toni Kukoc because Toni Kukoc is like, the big player, like Sixth Man [of the Year] in the NBA," Saric said. "One day, I want to become that level of player. I will work for that. But only God knows if I will get there or not.”
He is, however, starting to put together a resume that could put him in Kukoc's company when all is said and done.
When he was drafted 12th overall in 2014, no other Croatian player had ever been taken higher. In each of the last two drafts, however, that honor has changed hands: Mario Hezonja went fifth to the Magic in 2015 and Dragan Bender went fourth overall to the Suns in last month's draft.
Recently, Saric was named MVP of the FIBA Olympic qualifying tournament after leading Croatia past Italy and earning his country a trip to Rio. And that's on top of the countless other honors he's stacked up along the way.
But in order to join the likes of Kukoc and other great Croatian basketball stars, Saric still needs to accomplish something on the game's biggest stage.
“Of course, when you talk about the players from Croatia, for me, that means a lot," Saric said. "They were on another level than now, the players who play in the NBA who played in Europe. As a player, I hope one day I will touch that level."
At 22, there's still plenty of time for that.
First, however, Saric returned to Croatia to prepare for the Olympics. Given some of the coaches he'll be working with, he also plans on using this opportunity as a way to better prepare himself for life in the NBA.
"I had a chance to work — in this preparation for the Olympic Games — with Kukoc, with [Dino] Radja, with [Stojko] Vranković. My father played with Drazen Petrovic. They are unbelievable people. They are always ready to help. Now when I come back to Croatia, I will talk with them about how they can help me to [transition] faster to the NBA. First, they are unbelievable players And on top of that, they are great people.”
If the Sixers are lucky, comparing Saric and Kukoc won't be so "stupid" much longer.
Follow Matt on Twitter: @matt_mullin
Octanepro Profile Joined May 2011 United States 416 Posts Last Edited: 2013-03-04 19:52:21 #1
Upcoming Show
StarCast #142
Guest: FXO.desRow
Date: Thursday, March 7th @ 8pm Eastern
This Thursday, March 7th, FXO's Protoss player, Marc-Olivier “desRow” Proulx, will be our guest on StarCast. As always we're taking questions from the community so feel free to leave some right here in this thread.
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Show Information:
StarCast has been a weekly "audio-only" podcast centered around a casual-friendly community that has been running since the SC2 Beta. Recently StarCast has made the jump to video on Twitch.tv. The show is recorded live on Thursdays at 8pm EST.
Since starting, StarCast has spawned an active forum of over 3,000 members, a casual-friendly clan Virtus Opprimo (vO), a "Master-Only" competitive clan (cVo), awesome BlizzCon meetups, multiple tournaments with prizes including paid entry and airfare to compete at MLG, countless community created podcast segments and several authors for Team Evil Geniuses.
Website:
http://www.thestarcast.com
Twitch.tv:
http://www.twitch.tv/starcastshow
Itunes:
http://itunes.apple.com/us/podcast/starcast-the-starcraft-podcast/id368085397
Email:
StarCastShow@gmail.com
Phone Number (leave a message or question for the show!):
941-882-0281
About the Show Hosts:
Garrett (@garrettart) and Kyle (@kylefergusson) are two professional StarCraft 2 fans. They started StarCast (@thestarcast) during the open beta and have continued weekly for 100+episodes. StarCast was started with the sole purpose of creating a noob-friendly atmosphere for those who love StarCraft 2. Their other goal is to keep you, the listener, up to date on all the StarCraft 2 news you may have missed while trying to improve your macro.
Future Plans for the Show:
Large focus on video content, casting fan games, video show coming to iTunes and even more tournaments with bigger prizes! StarCast #142Guest: FXO.desRowDate: Thursday, March 7th @ 8pm EasternThis Thursday, March 7th, FXO's Protoss player, Marc-Olivier “desRow” Proulx, will be our guest on StarCast. As always we're taking questions from the community so feel free to leave some right here in this thread.------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------StarCast has been a weekly "audio-only" podcast centered around a casual-friendly community that has been running since the SC2 Beta. Recently StarCast has made the jump to video on Twitch.tv. The show is recorded live on Thursdays at 8pm EST.Since starting, StarCast has spawned an active forum of over 3,000 members, a casual-friendly clan Virtus Opprimo (vO), a "Master-Only" competitive clan (cVo), awesome BlizzCon meetups, multiple tournaments with prizes including paid entry and airfare to compete at MLG, countless community created podcast segments and several authors for Team Evil Geniuses.StarCastShow@gmail.com941-882-0281Garrett (@garrettart) and Kyle (@kylefergusson) are two professional StarCraft 2 fans. They started StarCast (@thestarcast) during the open beta and have continued weekly for 100+episodes. StarCast was started with the sole purpose of creating a noob-friendly atmosphere for those who love StarCraft 2. Their other goal is to keep you, the listener, up to date on all the StarCraft 2 news you may have missed while trying to improve your macro.Large focus on video content, casting fan games, video show coming to iTunes and even more tournaments with bigger prizes! Daily Terran Streaming - http://www.twitch.tv/octaneproscii
Heraklitus Profile Joined September 2010 United States 553 Posts #2 It's nice to see these guys making the switch to Twitch--been listening to the podcast for months.
McFeser Profile Joined July 2011 United States 2458 Posts #3 Why did you guys just now create a thread on TL? Promethelax still hasn't changed his quote
Octanepro Profile Joined May 2011 United States 416 Posts #4 On November 22 2011 02:14 OldManZerg wrote:
It's nice to see these guys making the switch to Twitch--been listening to the podcast for months.
Thanks for listening, check out Garrett and Kyle live @ 7:00pm EST over at Twitch.tv/starcastshow to see the LIVE SHOW. Thanks for listening, check out Garrett and Kyle live @ 7:00pm EST over at Twitch.tv/starcastshow to see the LIVE SHOW. Daily Terran Streaming - http://www.twitch.tv/octaneproscii
Octanepro Profile Joined May 2011 United States 416 Posts #5 On November 22 2011 02:14 McFeser wrote:
Why did you guys just now create a thread on TL?
Starcast decided to make the annoucment on TL now, because they are begining to get some big names on the show for interviews. Like MLG Clutch and some PRO Players in the next few months. Along with the fact that they are now doing their show LIVE over at Twitch.tv/starcastshow. (Instead of just straight Audio which is offered on Itunes each week.)
Starcast decided to make the annoucment on TL now, because they are begining to get some big names on the show for interviews. Like MLG Clutch and some PRO Players in the next few months. Along with the fact that they are now doing their show LIVE over at Twitch.tv/starcastshow. (Instead of just straight Audio which is offered on Itunes each week.) Daily Terran Streaming - http://www.twitch.tv/octaneproscii
Buddhism101 Profile Joined April 2011 United States 57 Posts #6 Love this show, been listening since the beta. Not a high level strategy podcast, but a casual, fun, community environment that can provide insight for newer / lower level players to help them improve. Always looking for feedback on the Starcast Forums though.
Venerac Profile Joined December 2010 United States 196 Posts Last Edited: 2011-11-21 19:24:31 #7 Been listening to the podcast since it's Teen episodes and now it's in it's 70's. Amazing and entertaining podcast for the little guys of StarCraft. Very successful on it's emphasis on the wider audience and including everyone in the community~ Proud listener of "Starcast: The Starcraft Podcast". SlayerS_BoxeR//White-Ra//djWHEAT <3<3
yosata Profile Joined December 2010 Netherlands 59 Posts #8 Every week I listen to this show for the casual and fun stuff, and to SotG for the serious bussines, perfect balance!
Love the show, but it does really need some more attention, especially in Europe. We need more people in the chatchannel :s
I think I started listening around the 20-30th show and never missed one since :D and will never miss one in the near future. Keep it up! Oftentimes the impossible is only difficult!
discorax Profile Joined April 2011 United States 22 Posts #9 There is something for everyone in this show. "the new fungal growth hurts my bio balls"
Mork Profile Joined December 2010 United States 5 Posts #10 Great stuff; more people should check this out! ^^
awha Profile Joined August 2010 Denmark 1356 Posts #11
Keep it up guys I have been listening to this podcast for a few months and it is great for its laid back casual attitude. For some reason it just works for me, which surprised me as I only listen to a few more hardcore (sc2) podcasts regularly, besides this oneKeep it up guys
cVoRammlied Profile Joined September 2011 United States 2 Posts #12 Starcast has created a amazing and helpful community and has something to offer for everyone
pulperi Profile Joined March 2011 Finland 87 Posts #13
Think I'll go watch it now! You should fix the website and twitch.tv links.Think I'll go watch it now!
Octanepro Profile Joined May 2011 United States 416 Posts #14 On November 22 2011 07:22 pulperi wrote:
You should fix the website and twitch.tv links.
Think I'll go watch it now! You should fix the website and twitch.tv links.Think I'll go watch it now!
Thank you for the update, no clue what happened but I corrected the links. Thank you for the update, no clue what happened but I corrected the links. Daily Terran Streaming - http://www.twitch.tv/octaneproscii
Dasian Profile Joined January 2011 United States 40 Posts Last Edited: 2011-11-21 23:40:32 #15 <3 Starcast!
Been listening for over a year, such a fun podcast to listen to for the everyday fan of Starcraft.
It's a really friendly casual SC2 community, Bronze to Masters players are always helping each other out on the forums and in-game.
Sometimes we'll do King of the Hills on the peepmode maps which is also tons of fun.
Railgan Profile Joined August 2010 Switzerland 1472 Posts #16 "Garrett (@garrettart) and Kyle (@kylefergusson) are two professional StarCraft 2 fans."
How do i become a professional fan :O Grandmaster Zerg from Switzerland!!! www.twitch.tv/railgan // www.twitter.com/railgansc // www.youtube.com/c/railgansc
KevinIX Profile Joined October 2009 United States 2462 Posts #17 On November 22 2011 08:32 Sclol wrote:
"Garrett (@garrettart) and Kyle (@kylefergusson) are two professional StarCraft 2 fans."
How do i become a professional fan :O
Start a podcast. :O Start a podcast. :O Liquid FIGHTING!!!
Dreadwolf Profile Joined July 2010 Canada 220 Posts #18 Love the show guys i have been listening for months! keep em coming.
Octanepro Profile Joined May 2011 United States 416 Posts #19 Community Reminder:
StarCast will Interview MLG's Clutch tonight 11/22/2011 @ 7:00pm EST over at
http://www.twitch.tv/starcastshow
MLG_Clutch Interview & MLG Providence Discussion
MLG_Clutch is a personality for all MLG live events. Working as an MLG "master of ceremonies" interviewing the pros and entertaining the crowd in between matches. StarCast will Interview MLG's Clutch tonight 11/22/2011 @ 7:00pm EST over atMLG_Clutch Interview & MLG Providence DiscussionMLG_Clutch is a personality for all MLG live events. Working as an MLG "master of ceremonies" interviewing the pros and entertaining the crowd in between matches. Daily Terran Streaming - http://www.twitch.tv/octaneproscii
Octanepro Profile Joined May 2011 United States 416 Posts #20
http://www.twitch.tv/starcastshow Show is LIVE in under 45 Minutes! Come Join us! Daily Terran Streaming - http://www.twitch.tv/octaneproscii
1 2 3 4 5 10 11 12 Next All
CLOSE The U.S. Department of Homeland security is advising Americans not to use the Internet Explorer Web browser until a fix is found for a serious security flaw that came to light over the weekend. VPC
Windows Internet Explorer is being targeted by hackers. (Photo11: Microsoft)
SAN FRANCISCO — The U.S. Department of Homeland security is advising Americans not to use the Internet Explorer Web browser until a fix is found for a serious security flaw that came to light over the weekend.
The bug was announced on Saturday by FireEye Research Labs, an Internet security software company based in Milpitas, Calif.
"We are currently unaware of a practical solution to this problem," Will Dormann at the CERT division of the Software Engineering Institute at Carnegie Mellon University in Pittsburgh, wrote on Monday.
It recommended that users and administrators "consider employing an alternative Web browser until an official update is available."
The security flaw allows malicious hackers to get around security protections in the Windows operating system. They then can be infected when visiting a compromised website.
Because the hack uses a corrupted Adobe Flash file to attack the victim's computer, users can avoid it by turning off Adobe Flash.
"The attack will not work without Adobe Flash," FireEye said. "Disabling the Flash plugin within IE will prevent the exploit from functioning."
While the bug affects all versions of Internet Explorer 6 through 11 it is currently targeting IE9 and IE10, FireEye stated.
The attacks do not appear to be widespread at this time. Microsoft said it was "aware of limited, targeted attacks that attempt to exploit" the vulnerability.
These are called "watering-hole attacks," said Satnam Narang, a threat researcher with computer security company Symantec in Mountain View, Calif.
Rather than directly reach out to a victim, the hackers inject their code into a "normal, everyday website" that the victim visits, he said. Code hidden on the site then infects their computers.
"It's called a watering-hole attack because if you're a lion, you go to the watering hole because you know that's where the animals go to drink."
FireEye said the hackers exploiting the bug are calling their campaign "Operation Clandestine Fox."
Microsoft confirmed Saturday that it is working to fix the code that allows Internet Explorer versions 6 through 11 to be exploited by the vulnerability. As of Monday morning, no fix had been posted.
Microsoft typically releases security patches on the second Tuesday of each month, what's known as Patch Tuesday. The next one is Tuesday, May 14. Whether the company will release a patch for this vulnerability before that isn't known.
About 55% of PC computers run one of those versions of Internet Explorer, according to the technology research firm NetMarketShare. About 25% run either IE9 or IE10.
Computer users who are running the Windows XP operating system are out of luck. Microsoft discontinued support of the system on April 8.
Symantec is offering XP users tools to protect themselves, which it has made available on its blog.
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1m3LwbM
The presidential election is sucking up everyone's attention, but make no mistake: Control of the next United States Senate remains very much in doubt.
Democrats currently have a 57 percent chance of winning a Senate majority according to our polls-plus forecast and a 56 percent chance in polls-only. Those numbers have been fairly consistent since the conventions. In our polls-plus forecast, for instance, Democratic chances have never dropped below 52 percent and have never risen above 73 percent.
To control the Senate, the Democrats need a net gain of four seats (they hold 46 seats now) if Hillary Clinton wins the presidency or five seats if Donald Trump wins. Right now, they have at least a 75 percent chance of winning currently Republican seats in Illinois and Wisconsin. The bigger question is whether they can win any three of the following seven seats: Florida, Indiana, Missouri, Nevada, New Hampshire, North Carolina and Pennsylvania.
Sen. Marco Rubio has a decent lead in Florida — a shade over 4 percentage points in our polls-plus forecast. But those other six states feature super close races, and — not coincidentally — all seven top our tipping-point rankings, which measure each state's chances of deciding Senate control. With the exception of Missouri, where we haven't had a poll since mid-September, polls released over the past week haven't consistently shown a clear advantage for any candidate in those six tight races. Here, for example, are all the Senate polls we've gotten since Monday:
When you put all the polls together, no candidate leads by more than 3 percentage points in these six states, according to our polls-plus forecast. Democrats hold a small advantage in Indiana, New Hampshire and Pennsylvania, while Republicans retain a slight edge in Missouri, Nevada and North Carolina. In five of these races, at least one poll released since the beginning of September shows the Democratic candidate ahead and at least one shows the Republican candidate ahead. No candidate has better than 2-to-1 odds in any of these races, according to our polls-plus forecast.
Of course, it's possible we'll wake up on Nov. 9 and find that one party swept all these close races. That has happened before, including in 2014, when Republicans beat their polls in virtually every battleground state. So if there is a polling error in one of these states, we'd be more likely to expect an error in that direction across the board. It's quite possible, therefore, that Democrats will win all six of these tight races plus the two in which they have significant leads and end up with a net gain of seven seats. Indeed, about 20 percent of the time in our polls-plus simulations, Democrats net a gain of at least seven seats in the Senate. The reverse is also possible; we have Democrats netting two seats or fewer nearly 25 percent of the time.
This year, however, could be different. If you look at the races where the polls are really close, the states that are up for grabs are pretty dissimilar. You have a New England state in New Hampshire, a Mid-Atlantic state in Pennsylvania, a Rust Belt state in Indiana, a Southern state in North Carolina, a sort-of-Midwestern state in Missouri, and a western state in Nevada. You have a state with a lot of black voters in North Carolina, a state with a lot of Latino voters in Nevada, and a state with a lot of white voters in New Hampshire. Of this group of states, New Hampshire is the whitest (which helps the Republican), but its white voters are the most likely to have a college degree (which helps the Democrat). Nevada is the most diverse state, but its white voters are the least less likely to have a degree. And white voters with and without a college degree are voting very differently at the top of the ticket. The point is that we shouldn't necessarily expect these states to move together in the final month of the campaign.
For now, the safest thing to say is that the race for the Senate remains tight. Democrats hold a slight advantage, but it's only slight.
Evangelist / Team Leader / Product Owner
I created this site for you to know that I am looking for new opportunities in Ethereum ecosystem.
I am an experienced:
Team Leader
Product Owner
Software Developer
Dev Evangelist
Community Organiser.
I live and breathe:
Ethereum ecosystem, been here since inception in 2014
Agile
Data driven development
Customer development, User Stories
Sample of my past projects:
Prototype of an improvement over paper wallets GalacticWallet https://zenmakers.tumblr.com/post/107430050907/codename-galactic-wallet
OrisiOracles - an open source framework for Bitcoin smart contracts - preceding Ethereum http://orisi.org/
https://www.growbots.com/ - here I've been a product owner and team leader of team>25 devs for 3 years
organised from scratch Makerland conference https://www.flickr.com/photos/120634911@N02/
organised from scratch DjangoCon EU conference https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=abld18bYEUc
Currently I am a Dev Evangelist at Codility (Tech recruiting platform - not connected to Blockchain).
Looking for:
Ideas - I am up for a mindshare. Do you see any opportunities that I don't? Let's talk about it!
Opportunity - you're doing something and missing important piece that I might fill in? Let me know!
Job - so you're hiring, I want to talk to you!
Contact me at kuba at kucharski-dot-it
https://twitter.com/83tb
https://www.linkedin.com/in/kubakucharski/
“We cannot solve our problems with the same thinking we used when we created them.” —
Albert Einstein
Here are 3 simple thinking skills I tend to use each day.
There are some more advanced thinking skills, but here I'm boiling down to a set of 3 skills you can use today.
In fact, you can even use them while you read this post.
I'll go through the thinking skills in order from simpler to more complex, so you can use them right away.
Ask and Answer Better Questions
Let's start by getting a quick definition of what thinking is.
What is thinking?
You just did it.
For the sake of this exercise, let's think of "thinking" as simply asking and answering questions.
If you want better answers, ask better questions. And that's the key to skilled thinking and developing your thinking skills.
Remember that.
Every day, you have a new chance to practice your thinking skills by asking better questions.
Use the following thinking skills to improve your thinking, by asking and answering better questions.
3 Thinking Skills
Here are 3 thinking skills that I use fairly regularly:
How Might That Be True? Plus Points, Minus Points, and Interesting Points (PMI), by Edward de Bono Six Thinking Hats, by Edward de Bono
Technique #1: How Might That Be True?
This habit helps you develop intellectual curiosity, connect better with people, and build rapport versus create instant conflict.
When you hear something new, or information that conflicts with what you think you already know, ask yourself the following question:
“How might that be true?"
This simple question will open your curiosity.
It also helps you build rapport with people you interact with. This second point is especially important if you want to learn from those around you. If you're quick to prove people wrong, people won't share information with you. Rather than fight somebody on a point right from the start, you can help them explore the point.
You don't have to agree. Instead, simply explore the possibility.
Sometimes people have good information or knowledge, but it's generalized so it appears to be wrong, but within it lie kernels of truth or insight.
Don't throw that away.
Thinking Skill #2: Plus Points, Minus Points, and Interesting Points (PMI)
I think of PMI as Edward de Bono's simplified version of Six Thinking Hats. PMI is simply Plus Points, Minus Points, and Interesting Points.
Basically, all you do is ask yourself the following questions:
What are the plus points? What are the minus points? What are the interesting points?
This helps you expand your thinking.
Notice how the plus points are first. This helps find the good first, before shutting it down with minus points. By looking for interesting points, you find yet another class of insights. This is where you might find some unexpected "ah-has."
Thinking Skill # 3: Six Thinking Hats
Six Thinking Hats is Edward de Bono's hard-core thinking technique, and it's highly effective.
You can use it for yourself or even in a room full of people.
The beauty of the Six Thinking Hats is that you explore multiple perspectives for more complete thinking. The Six Hats are:
White Hat – the facts and figures Red Hat – the emotional view Black Hat – the “devil's advocate” Yellow Hat – the positive side Green Hat – the creative side Blue Hat – the organizing view
The most effective way I've found to turn these into action is to turn the hats into simple questions:
What are the facts and figures? (White Hat)
What's your gut reaction? How do you feel about this? (Red Hat)
Why can't we do this? What prevents us? What's the downside? (Black Hat)
How can we do this? (Yellow Hat)
What are additional opportunities? (Green Hat)
How should we think about this? (what are the metaphors or mental models) (Blue Hat)
If you're in a room full of people, rather than fight on topics, you can team up.
Go to the whiteboard, write the list of questions above, and cycle through them as a group.
Instead of tug-of-war, you're now teaming up on “what are the facts and figures?” …
… “why can't we do this?” … “how can we do this?” … etc.
This technique helps “black hat critics” step out of character and your reduce the overall energy drain of fighting point by point.
Instead, you improve your overall thinking as a group.
What are your favorite thinking techniques?
You Might Also Like
How Might That Be True
PMI
Six Thinking Hats
How To Use Six Thinking Hats
Asking Better Questions
Photo by Capture Queen.
Are you the motorist who thinks you're a genius for breezing past a line of cars politely obeying the traffic laws or construction signs to wedge into the front of the pack. No, you're not a genius. You're an asshole.
Were the world a perfect place, young drivers would be carefully schooled in the art of what Europeans call "zippering" — folding two lanes of traffic into a single lane at speed without interrupting the flow of traffic. They'd also be taught how to look ahead to anticipate traffic flow, know their route ahead of time and have some consideration for fellow motorists rather than bulldoze their way to the front of the pack because they need to get the TGI McFunsters crappy food and T-shirt emporium sooner.
These are things that will never happen. As a result, the world has to deal with people who think it's fun if they sneak into a turn lane at the last second or rush the orange barrels before cutting you off in a construction zone. Sometimes when things are frustrating you have to laugh or else you'll cry, that's how the first of these informative and humorous images was born, the rest just follow the natural progression of memification.
I think I fancy Donald.
Call it the media equivalent of Bobby Riggs vs. Billie Jean King: Tonight, Donald Trump finally sits down with his Fox News nemesis Megyn Kelly. The battle between Trump and Fox's biggest star has been one of the most compelling story lines of the 2016 election, and the subject of much discussion in the run-up to Kelly's prime-time broadcast special with the GOP frontrunner. But in all the coverage of the Trump-Kelly détente, a more important development has been overlooked: Trump has made peace with Kelly's boss's boss, Rupert Murdoch.
According to a half dozen sources familiar with Murdoch's thinking, the media mogul has signaled he plans to fully back Trump in the general election against Hillary Clinton. Murdoch's embrace of Trump is a sharp reversal from the hostile view he held over much of the past year. In fact, according to one high-level Fox source, it was Murdoch himself who directed Kelly to hammer Trump during the debut GOP debate, in Cleveland, that sparked the feud in the first place. “Rupert told her to do that,” the source said.
The Murdoch-Trump alliance is the result of at least two private meetings between the billionaires this spring as well as phone calls from Trump's son-in-law, Jared Kushner. Murdoch's view, according to those who've spoken with him, is that Trump is a winner whom the “elites” failed to take seriously. “He doesn't like people to be snobs and treat Trump like a clown,” one person explained. Murdoch's outlook is also informed by his take on the winnowed GOP field. When it came down to the final three candidates, Murdoch simply saw Trump as the best option. “He never liked Cruz,” the source explained. Kasich made a personal pitch to Murdoch that he could win on a second ballot at the convention, but failed to persuade. In March, Murdoch tweeted that the GOP would “be mad not to unify” behind Trump.
Spokespersons for Murdoch and Trump did not respond to requests for comment.
That Murdoch flip-flopped on Trump shouldn't be all that surprising. Yes, Trump's stances on immigration and trade clash with Murdoch's more moderate views (he's for comprehensive reform and trade deals). But throughout Murdoch's career, he's sacrificed core principles to forge political alliances that advance his media empire's interests (after all, he backed both Margaret Thatcher and Tony Blair in the U.K.).
And it's clear Trump is good for business. According to one Fox News producer, the channel's ratings dip whenever an anti-Trump segment airs. A Fox anchor told me that the message from Roger Ailes's executives is they need to go easy on Trump. “It's, ‘Make sure we don't go after Trump,'” the anchor said. “We've thrown in the towel.” Similarly, the New York Post has staked out a pro-Trump position in the marketplace while its rival the Daily News remains one of Trump's loudest critics. The Post endorsed Trump last month and dubbed him “King Don!” after he won the New York primary. (The outlier among Murdoch's properties is The Wall Street Journal. “They're stupid people,” Trump told me back in March).
Murdoch's strategy seems to be a win-win. If Trump gets into the White House, Murdoch will likely have an open line to the new administration (at least as open as anyone can have with Trump). And, if Trump loses to Hillary Clinton, then Murdoch's right-wing outlets have a ready-made enemy to beat up on for the next four years. That's a deal Trump can surely respect.
WALLED LAKE, Mich. -
Colby Sears is well aware he a made a really bad decision.
Sears brought a bottle of vodka to Walled Lake Central High School. The 16-year-old didn't drink any of it but passed it off to two friends who did. Those two got really drunk on high school property. Sears' mother, Teri, was ready to wring her son's neck.
"This was really dumb. We've talked about not drinking. We've talked about not doing these things and, you know, he brought something to school that was absolutely wrong," the mother said.
Sears' parents grounded him from everything and he knew the school was going to land on all three of the boys. The school ultimately decided to suspend the two drinkers for five days each. Sears received a harsher 90-day suspension. That's what has his parents really puzzled.
"He looked at me and collapsed and said, 'Mom, I was honest. I accepted responsibility,'" his mother said.
It was Sears' first offense at school. He's an average student who doesn't normally get into trouble. His parents were stunned by the disparity in punishments and what they view as arbitrary decision making.
Local 4 asked school leaders for an interview but they declined. Instead, they released this statement which in part reads:
"The District evaluates each student discipline case on its individualized facts and circumstances."
The Michigan Board of Education finds the long-term suspensions harmful and not helpful to the student. The Sears family has approached the legislature to come up with a law capping suspensions at 20 days for offenses that aren't grounds for expulsion.
Copyright 2013 by ClickOnDetroit.com. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Netflix says it now has 50 million users in over 40 countries worldwide
Online video service Netflix reported profits of $71m (£42m) in the second quarter, more than double compared with the same period a year ago.
The company said revenue from its streaming content service rose nearly 50% to $1.2bn, compared to $837m a year earlier.
Netflix said it added 1.69 million users during the period from March to June.
The streaming video firm now has 50 million users in over 40 countries.
Netflix has sought to upend the television industry by commissioning original content for its streaming-video platform and taking on established brands like HBO.
Viewers have reacted positively to shows like House of Cards and Orange is the New Black.
Last year, the company's original programming was nominated for 14 Emmy TV awards, winning three, and this year its programming garnered a record 31 nominations.
However, the company has recently suffered some setbacks in the US, as it has battled with internet service providers (ISPs) such as Verizon over who must pay for the increasing pressure that streaming video puts on download speeds.
Netflix chief executive Reed Hastings has been a vocal opponent of Comcast's proposed $45bn purchase of Time Warner Cable, fearing it would lead to too much consolidation in the industry.
In a letter to shareholders announcing the earnings, Mr Hastings wrote, "Our focus on strong net neutrality, including interconnection, is about preventing large ISPs from holding our joint customers hostage with poor performance to extract payments from us."
Shares in Netflix - which are already up 22% for the year - rose nearly 2% in trading after US stock markets had closed.
Sen. Tom Coburn (R-OK) added potential fuel for Democratic outrage over his block of a one-month extension of federal jobless aid earlier this week.
Sen. Tom Coburn (R-OK) added potential fuel for Democratic outrage over his block of a one-month extension of federal jobless aid earlier this week.
In a Tuesday phone interview with The Hill, Coburn said the Republican obstruction of $9 billion in extended unemployment benefits isn't a big deal because it only affects “a relatively small group of people.”
Ã¢â‚¬Å“The easiest thing in the world is to pass this bill unpaid for, but consider the millions of Americans whose financial futures would be damaged, versus the relatively small amount of people who will be affected by this delay,” he said. “Now you tell me which vote takes the most courage.Ã¢â‚¬Â
The number of Americans temporarily losing their unemployment benefits this week because of Coburn's block is around 212,000.
The congressman also said he intends to block all future Senate spending bills that aren't “paid for” by cutting from other spending programs. He said he will “absolutely” object to any such bill.
Ã¢â‚¬Å“The fact is that the country wants us to start making hard choices on spending, and if we canÃ¢â‚¬â„¢t do it on a $9 billion bill, then weÃ¢â‚¬â„¢re certainly not going to be able to do it on our $1.6 trillion deficit,Ã¢â‚¬Â he said.
Ã¢â‚¬Å“The problems are so severe in our country, our debt is so severe and the impact is so great in the near and long term that itÃ¢â‚¬â„¢s time for some of us to take a stand. We may lose. But weÃ¢â‚¬â„¢re not going to give up on doing the tough things that Washington needs to do, and if that earns us consternation, so be it.Ã¢â‚¬Â
David Dayen of FireDogLake argues that Coburn's ultimatum is superfluous because that kind of financial balancing are already mandated by a measure Congress passed earlier this year requiring statutory paygo restrictions that must pair new spending with offsets.
“Notice that Coburn only sees one possibility for offsets Ã¢â‚¬â€œ cuts to other spending. Revenue increases never get a mention,” he writes. “As for blocking other unfunded spending bills, I look forward to CoburnÃ¢â‚¬â„¢s principled stand against the war in Afghanistan.”
Coburn has earned the nickname “Dr. No” for his record of blocking Democratic initiatives on Capitol Hill.
INDIANAPOLIS -- After 32 years, is the "Bob & Tom Show" nearing its end?
Thursday is host Bob Kevoian's last day on the show.
He announced his retirement in Nov. while he and co-host Tom Griswold were being inducted into the National Radio Hall of Fame.
"I always thought that you had to die or be retired for five years to be considered for any Hall of Fame," Kevoian said. "Thank God I'm not dead, but I am going to retire at the end of this year and walk away from the mic."
MORE | Bob & Tom selected for National Radio Hall of Fame
The show's official Facebook page made a post shortly afterward confirming the news:
Tonight at Bob and Tom's induction into the National Radio Hall of Fame, Bob Kevoian announced that he will retire at... Posted by The Bob & Tom Show on Thursday, November 5, 2015
Kevoian, who is 64, first teamed up with Griswold at WJML in Petoskey, Michigan in 1982. The "Bob & Tom Show" premiered in Indianapolis on WFBQ on March 7, 1983. It was syndicated nationally in 1995.
#TBT | Remember that time a "Bob & Tom" billboard stirred up trouble in Idaho?
Griswold, 62, appears to plan to continue the show.
"It was a huge thrill to be inducted into the National Radio Hall of Fame with my partner Bob," said Tom Griswold. "He will always be a part of the BOB & TOM Show, and his presence will continue to be felt as we broadcast the show for many years to come."
---
Download the free RTV6 app to get the latest news on the go and receive alerts to your phone
Sign up to have the latest news headlines delivered straight to your email inbox
Sign up for RTV6 Rewards, offering unlimited online deals and discounts to Central Indiana restaurants, retail stores and entertainment locations you love.
The federal government ruled on Friday that marijuana has no accepted medical use and should remain in the same class of drugs as heroin.
The decision comes nearly nine years after marijuana supporters asked the government to reclassify the drug to take into account the growing body of research conducted across the globe that proves it's effective in treating certain diseases, reports The Los Angeles Times.
The paper spoke to advocates who criticized the ruling but are pleased that the government has finally responded, which allows them to appeal to the federal courts.
In May several medical marijuana advocacy groups under the name Coalition for Rescheduling Cannabis filed a lawsuit insisting that the DEA finally attend to the 9-year-old request, reports LAist.
Joe Elford, chief counsel for Americans for Safe Access told the Times, he was not surprised by the decision, which came shortly after the Obama administration announced it would not tolerate large-scale commercial marijuana growing operations.
It is clearly motivated by a political decision that is anti-marijuana," he said. He noted that studies demonstrate pot has beneficial effects, including appetite stimulation for people undergoing chemotherapy. "One of the things people say about marijuana is that it gives you the munchies and the truth is that it does, and for some people that's a very positive thing.
The Times also noted, this is the third time that petitions to reclassify marijuana have been denied. The first was filed in 1972 and denied 17 years later. The second was filed in 1995 and denied in 2001. Both decisions were appealed, but the courts sided with the federal government.
Philadelphia 76ers owner Comcast-Spectacor is in talks to sell the team to a group led by New York-based leveraged buyout specialist Joshua Harris, according to sources.
Negotiations are ongoing and a source with knowledge of the talks called a deal "imminent."
The Associated Press, citing a person familiar with the deal who spoke on condition of anonymity, said the team could be sold within the week. The source said Harris' group was not the only bidder but is now the lead bidder, adding the deal has been in the works for several months.
Once the parties reach final agreement, it would become official only with approval of the league's Board of Governors.
Elton Brand and the Sixers could be playing for a new team owner next season if talks are successful. Steve Mitchell/US Presswire
The team had not been publicly offered for sale.
In a statement, Comcast-Spectacor chief operating officer Peter Luukko told The AP there are "discussions about the future of the team" that are confidential, but did not address a possible sale.
Harris, 46, co-founded Apollo Global Management, a publicly-traded firm which invests primarily in distressed properties, in 1990. In Forbes' 2011 billionaire rankings, Harris was reported to have a net worth of $1.5 billion.
Harris, through an Apollo spokeswoman, declined comment.
Other investors in the deal include private equity executive David Blitzer and former NBA player agent and Sacramento Kings executive Jason Levien.
Blitzer moved from New York to London in 2002 to create the London-based European office of the Blackstone Group, one of the largest private investment groups in the world.
As an agent, Levien represented players including Kevin Martin, Luol Deng and Udonis Haslem.
Harris and Blitzer have Philadelphia ties, having graduated from the Wharton School at the University of Pennsylvania within a few years of each other.
Through his holding company Spectacor, Ed Snider has controlled the Sixers since 1996 -- the same year Spectacor merged with Comcast. Comcast-Spectacor also owns the NHL's Philadelphia Flyers, and the Wells Fargo Center where both teams play. The company would continue to own and operate the arena with the Sixers as a tenant, according to sources.
The Associated Press left a message for Snider seeking comment.
The Harris group would become the sixth owners in the club's 65-year history, which is among the league's richest. Only the Boston Celtics and Los Angeles Lakers have won more regular-season games, and the Sixers are one of just eight NBA teams with three or more championships.
In recent years the team's performance has been somewhat lackluster, despite a significant payroll. This season, under coach Doug Collins, the Sixers, led by Andre Iguodala, Elton Brand and Thaddeus Young, defied expectations by making the playoffs. Their run was ended by the Miami Heat in five games.
The 78-year-old Snider has long been more closely associated with hockey than basketball. He founded the Flyers in 1966, is a member of the Hockey Hall of Fame, and operates a Philadelphia-based youth hockey program that bears his name.
The 76ers were valued this year by Forbes at $330 million, 17th in the NBA. Comcast SportsNet spokeswoman Maureen Quilter said the 76ers have a deal with the station through 2029.
"The thing that they're buying is the cable," Forbes media executive editor Mike Ozanian said. "That's the biggest part of the asset. It's been undermonetized, the cable deal.
"They've got to get at least twice of what they've been getting. It's under $13 million a year. They'll have no problem. It's pure profit because there's no cost associated with that."
Ozanian said even with a potential lockout looming, the timing could be right for a buyer to strike.
"A labor stoppage can work to your advantage," he said. "If you believe they're going to get a significantly lower salary cap, and a hard salary cap, it can be positive for team values and profits."
Harris' group would be purchasing a team that hasn't won a championship since 1983. Philadelphia has won only one playoff series since losing to the Lakers in the 2001 NBA finals.
The franchise's roots date back to the NBA's earliest days, when it competed as the Syracuse Nationals. The team moved to Philadelphia in 1963, filling the void created when the Philadelphia Warriors headed west to San Francisco.
Henry Abbott is a senior NBA writer for ESPN.com. Information from The Associated Press was used in this report.
Another brewery is taking the Alberta government to court over last summer's decision to charge the same markup for all beers, regardless of their place of origin.
The Great Western Brewing Company from Saskatoon announced Tuesday it has filed an action in court seeking to have the markup declared unconstitutional.
Steam Whistle Brewing from Toronto is also pursuing a similar action against the Alberta government.
Though the $1.25 per litre markup is uniform for all products, the Alberta government is offering monthly grants to small Alberta breweries that produce and sell up 300,000 hectolitres a year.
The CEO of Great Western Brewing Company, Michael Micovcin, said his brewery used to be charged a markup of 47 cents per litre.
When the new prices came into effect on Aug. 4, the cost of a 24-can case of beer went up by $6.67, he said.
He wants the court to declare the markup and grant program unconstitutional.
"It is creating a tariff or a barrier for free trade between Alberta and other provinces," Micovcin said.
Alberta is responsible for 60 per cent of his company's sales. He said the markup has had a significant impact on his company's sales.
"That's why we felt compelled to pursue this legal challenge, because it certainly jeopardizes the future viability of the company."
Steam Whistle Brewing from Toronto was granted an injunction in January after the Alberta government introduced lower markups for Alberta small brewers in the October 2015 budget.
Micovcin said the decision to move to a uniform markup while offering grants to Alberta brewers was a "thinly veiled attempt to circumvent the previous court challenge."
Alberta's open liquor market
Finance Minister Joe Ceci is responsible for the Alberta Gaming and Liquor Commission, which sets liquor and beer markups.
Leah Holoiday, a spokeswoman for Ceci's office, said it was inappropriate to comment since the court action by Great Western Brewing is before the courts. But she pointed out that Alberta has the most open liquor market in Canada.
"The current markup system ensures a level playing field for all beer producers, no matter the region of origin or size of brewer," she said in an emailed statement.
Under Alberta's privatized liquor system, producers who want to sell their products in Alberta simply have to fill out a form to be listed with the AGLC.
The Alberta government thinks the open liquor market has made it harder for local craft brewers to compete with the thousands of products available from other producers.
Saskatchewan and Ontario have liquor control boards that critics say favour products from their own province to the detriment from those from other parts of Canada.
But Micovcin said the 1,400 private liquor stores in Alberta make it harder to compete because the market is fragmented.
My loving people, we have been persuaded by some that are careful of our safety, to take heed how we commit ourselves to armed multitudes, for fear of treachery. But I assure you, I do not desire to live to distrust my faithful and loving people. Let tyrants fear.
Which pillage they with merry march bring home To the tent-royal of their emperor; Who, busied in his majesty, surveys The singing masons building roofs of gold, The civil citizens kneading up the honey, The poor mechanic porters crowding in Their heavy burdens at his narrow gate, The sad-eyed justice, with his surly hum, Delivering o'er to executors pale The lazy yawning drone.
Meer
Pagina 252 Where some, like magistrates correct at home, Others, like merchants, venture trade abroad, Others, like soldiers, armed in. their stings, Make boot upon the summer's velvet buds, Which pillage they with merry march bring home To the tent-royal of their emperor... Komt voor in 606 boeken vanaf 1709-2008
Pagina 410 I have come amongst you, as you see, at this time, not for my recreation and disport, but being resolved, in the midst and heat of the battle, to live or die amongst you all, to lay down for my God, and for my kingdom, and for my people, my honour and my blood, even in the dust. Komt voor in 402 boeken vanaf 1755-2008
Pagina 426 Muse, The place of fame and elegy supply : And many a holy text around she strews, That teach the rustic moralist to die. For who, to dumb forgetfulness a prey, This pleasing anxious being e'er... Komt voor in 1103 boeken vanaf 1799-2007
Pagina 411 To contemplation's sober eye Such is the race of man: And they that creep, and they that fly, Shall end where they began. Alike the busy and the gay... Komt voor in 307 boeken vanaf 1778-2007
Pagina 410 ... but, by your obedience to my general, by your concord in the camp, and your valour in the field, we shall shortly have a famous victory over those enemies of my God, of my kingdom, and of my people. Komt voor in 213 boeken vanaf 1731-2008
Pagina 36 To God's eternal house direct the way; A broad and ample road, whose dust is gold And pavement stars, as stars to thee appear, Seen in the galaxy, that milky way, Which nightly, as a circling zone, thou seest Powder'd with stars. Komt voor in 232 boeken vanaf 1796-2007
Pagina 81 About the cart hear how the rout Of rural younglings raise the shout, Pressing before, some coming after, Those with a shout, and these with laughter. Some bless the cart, some kiss the sheaves, Some prank them up with oaken leaves... Komt voor in 147 boeken vanaf 1810-2007
Pagina 442 the Deep Voice cried, " So long enjoyed, so oft misused — Alternate, in thy fickle pride, Desired, neglected, and accused? " Before my breath, like blazing flax, Man and his marvels pass away ; And changing empires wane and wax, Are founded, flourish, and decay. " Redeem mine hours — the space is brief — While in my glass the sand-grains shiver, And measureless thy joy or grief, When TIME and thou... Komt voor in 103 boeken vanaf 1823-2008
Minder
Children and teenagers with an autism spectrum disorder or attention deficit and hyperactivity problems are more likely to wish to be another gender, according to new research.
For the study, researcher John Strang, Psy.D., of the Children's National Medical Center in Washington, D.C., analyzed data from children between the ages of six and 18. The kids either had no neurodevelopmental disorder, or were diagnosed with an autism spectrum disorder (ASD), attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD), or a medical neurodevelopment disorder, such as epilepsy or neurofibromatosis.
The wish to be the other gender, known as gender variance, was assessed with the Child Behavior Checklist, one of the most commonly used behavioral report inventories for children and adolescents, according to the researcher.
Compared to the control group, gender variance was found to be 7.59 times more common in children with ASD, according to the study's findings. It was also found 6.64 times more often in children with ADHD. No difference was noted between the control group and participants in the other two neurodevelopmental groups, Strang noted.
The kids who wished to be another gender had elevated rates of anxiety and depression symptoms, the researcher reported. However, the rates were lower among children with autism spectrum disorders. This is possibly due to their impaired social reasoning, which makes them unaware of the societal pressures against gender nonconformity, the researcher hypothesized.
The new study supports previous studies that have shown increased levels of behavioral problems and disruptive disorders among young people with gender variance, the researcher noted.
“Navigating a child's gender variance is complex for children and families. The presence of neurodevelopmental disorders makes diagnostics, coping, and adaptation even more challenging,” he said.
“In ADHD, difficulties inhibiting impulses are central to the disorder and could result in difficulty keeping gender impulses ‘under wraps' in spite of internal and external pressures against cross-gender expression,” said Strang, who suggested that the coincidence of gender variance with ADHD and ASD could be related to the underlying symptoms of these neurodevelopmental disorders.
“Children and adolescents with autism spectrum disorders may be less aware of the social restrictions against expressions of gender variance and therefore less likely to avoid expressing these inclinations,” he said.
“It could also be theorized that excessively rigid or ‘black and white' thinking could result in such a child's rigidly interpreting mild or moderate gender nonconforming inclinations as more intense or absolute.”
The study was published in Archives of Sexual Behavior.
Source: Springer
Gender identity symbol photo by shutterstock.
Kids With ADHD, Autism More Likely to Have Gender Identity Issues
Rep. John Lewis (D-GA) is a civil rights hero. He is also one of the most partisan members of the Democratic Party, and frequently accuses his political opponents, falsely, of racism.
Lewis also uses his iconic stature to deflect criticism when he is called out for these false attacks, exploiting — and, arguably, demeaning — the civil rights movement.
Here are five of the worst recent examples of what has become, for Rep. Lewis, a shamefully routine practice.
2008: Falsely accused Sen. John McCain (R-AZ) and Gov. Sarah Palin of racism. Lewis attacked McCain and Palin, then running against Sen. Barack Obama (D-IL) for president: “Sen. McCain and Gov. Palin are sowing the seeds of hatred and division,” he said, going on to suggest that the Republican ticket were creating the climate for racist terrorism. “[Democrat] George Wallace never threw a bomb … but he created the climate and the conditions that encouraged vicious attacks against innocent Americans … four little girls were killed on Sunday morning when a church was bombed in Birmingham, Alabama.” Years later, McCain still had not forgiven him: “I'll never forgive John Lewis,” he told AL.com in 2013.
2010: Falsely claimed that Tea Party demonstrators said the “N-word” during anti-Obamacare rally. Lewis joined several other members of the Congressional Black Caucus in claiming that a crowd of thousands of Tea Party protesters on the steps of Capitol Hill had shouted the “N-word” at them when they walked through the crowd — apparently in the hope of provoking a reaction. “It surprised me that people are so mean and we can't engage in a civil dialogue and debate,” Lewis claimed. But he never proved the accusation — and when Andrew Breitbart offered to donate $10,000, then $100,000, to the United Negro College Fund for any video evidence of the “N-word,” none surfaced — despite hundreds of cameras present.
2012: Falsely accused Republicans of wanting to take Americans back to Jim Crow. Lewis gave a speech at the Democratic National Convention in Charlotte, North Carolina in which he recalled being beaten by white racists, along with fellow Freedom Riders, in 1961. He concluded by implying that Republicans wanted to bring back those days of blood and hatred: “Brothers and sisters, do you want to go back? Or do you want to keep America moving forward?”
2016: Falsely compared Donald Trump to George Wallace. Reviving his theme from 2008, Lewis said that Trump reminded him of the governors of the Jim Crow South and the police who let dogs loose on demonstrators: “I've been around a while and Trump reminds me so much of a lot of the things that George Wallace said and did … Sometimes I feel like I am reliving part of my past. I heard it so much growing up in the South…I heard it so much during the days of the civil rights movement. As a people, I just think we could do much better,” he told the Los Angeles Times in an interview.
2017: Falsely claimed Trump is “illegitimate” because of a Russian “conspiracy.” Joining the tin foil hat brigade, Lewis claimed that Trump was a kind of “Manchurian Candidate” put in place by Russia: “I don't see the president-elect as a legitimate president. … I think there was a conspiracy on the part of the Russians, and others, that helped him get elected.”
Update:
2016: Falsely claimed Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-VT) played no role in the civil rights movement. Lewis, a supporter of former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton's bid for the presidency, tried to trash Sanders's civil rights credentials. “I never saw him. I never met him,” Lewis said. Proof later emerged of Sanders's arrest in civil rights protests in Chicago in the 1960s.
Joel B. Pollak is Senior Editor-at-Large at Breitbart News. He was named one of the “most influential” people in news media in 2016. His new book, How Trump Won: The Inside Story of a Revolution, is available from Regnery. Follow him on Twitter at @joelpollak.
The migrants were travelling aboard inflatable dinghies and overcrowded boats, the coast guard said. In this photo provided by the Italian Navy, migrants are approached by an Italian Navy dinghy in the Mediterranean sea on Saturday. Credit:Italian Navy The Mediterranean has become the world's most deadly crossing point for migrants. More than 2300 people have died this year in attempts to reach Europe by boat, according to the International Organisation for Migration. Many are seeking alternative routes to Western Europe. On Saturday, thousands of rain-soaked migrants stormed across Macedonia's border as police lobbed stun grenades and beat them with batons, seeking to enforce a decree to stem their flow through the Balkans to western Europe. In the US, meanwhile, a federal judge dealt a blow to the Obama administration's immigration policies, ordering federal officials to promptly release children held at family detention facilities.
The judge, in a ruling released Friday evening, said that children should not be held for more than 72 hours unless they are a significant flight risk or a danger to themselves and others. The Italian coast guard said Saturday that by early afternoon it was coordinating rescues from four fishing boats, crowded with migrants, and from 14 smaller motorised rubber dinghies. Credit:Italian Navy It's unlikely that a mass release will happen right away, however. Judge Dolly Gee in Los Angeles gave federal officials until October 23 to comply with her order. In a statement released Saturday, the Department of Homeland Security did not specify its next legal steps, saying only that it will "continue to screen family members' claims as expeditiously as possible" and that it will review Justice Gee's decision and "consider available options with the Department of Justice".
The case centres on a 1997 legal settlement - known as the Flores agreement - which set legal requirements for the housing of children seeking asylum or in the country illegally. In July, Justice Gee found that the government had violated that agreement; she repeated that finding on Friday. Federal attorneys had argued that her initial ruling would spark another surge of illegal immigration across the US-Mexico border. Justice Gee denied the government's request for reconsideration, equating that argument to "fearmongering". The Obama administration is detaining an estimated 1400 parents and children at three detention facilities, two in Texas and one in Pennsylvania. The detentions came as a response to a sharp increase in the number of people - mostly Central Americans - crossing into the US last northern summer. Justice Gee has called the detention centres and temporary holding cells along the border "deplorable" and has said they "failed to meet even the minimal standard" for "safe and sanitary" conditions. Government attorneys argued conditions at the centres have improved, but Justice Gee wrote that they had failed to prove that point.
More than 100 Democratic members of Congress this northern summer called on the administration to end family detention, saying children should not be held in prison-like settings. Peter Schey, who launched the lawsuit and serves as court-appointed counsel for children in immigration custody, said the judge's order would help protect refugee children "from lengthy and entirely senseless detention by the Department of Homeland Security in unsafe adult lockdown facilities run by private corporations raking in millions of dollars in profits". Reuters, Los Angeles Times
EVE: Valkyrie – Warzone is fast approaching, bringing with it a stack of enhancements and extras that'll take your enjoyment of it to the next level. You can get the general picture here, but what we're sure you really want to know about is what you'll be able to fly when the expansion drops on 26 September.
The big news is that in Warzone, there are now four ship classes. The Fighter class has become the Assault class, there are still the Heavy and Support classes, and there's the brand-new Covert class, which we'll come to over the next few weeks. Every ship is available to you from the start, and each one has its own distinct character and very individual weaponry and abilities. And don't forget that each ship now has an Ultra ability that has the potential to turn the course of a battle – use it wisely.
You'll quickly figure out which ships suit you best and start upgrading them so they suit you even better. To help you get into the action faster, though, over the next couple of weeks we'll be introducing you to all the ships in each class and explaining what they can do.
We're starting off with the Assault ships. Think of the go-to weapons in any FPS – the assault rifle, the shotgun, the sniper rifle and the SMG – and each one's represented by one of these beauties. You'll instinctively know which one's likely to work best for you, so let's begin with everyone's favourite fighter that's been given a serious Warzone upgrade.
Wraith Mk6
Everyone remembers their first Wraith flight. It's fast! It's nimble! And it's deadly at medium range. The Wraith is the perfect beginner's ship, and the Mark Six has been refined and finessed over many generations into a great all-round fighter that only gets better as you pump up your skills and upgrade it to match.
Primary: Assault Cannons - This rapid fire projectile weapon does great medium-range damage, but overheats after continuous use.
Secondary: Missile Launcher - Give any enemy a bad day by unleashing up to five missiles that explode and cause splash damage.
Tertiary: ECM - Get out of trouble fast by deploying chaff that blocks incoming missiles.
Ultra: Mjolnir - Named after Thor's mighty hammer, this one-shot super missile can do catastrophic damage if unleashed at the right time.
Jackal
If you like your combat up close and personal, the Jackal, with its wide stance and twin shot blast cannons, will be right up your street. Designed to deliver plenty of close-range pain, it's like flying a shotgun, and its thickened hull and additional deployable shield mean that you can take plenty of punishment and see out your battles to the end.
Primary: Ripper - Blast out high damage, close range shots that also cause splash damage.
Secondary: Alternate Ripper - This projectile will deliver plenty of damage, but make sure you hit your target as it has no splash damage.
Tertiary: Overshield - If you're getting a bit beaten up, use this to deploy an additional shield or repair a damaged one.
Ultra: Matter Injection - Whether you want to race to a fight on the other side of the map or get away to safety, this will provide unlimited boost for a short duration.
Strix
For those of you enjoy sneaking around with a sniper rifle and popping distant skulls from rooftops, welcome to your new favourite ship. The Strix is all about precision; its long range, high impact pulse laser will slam through the toughest shields from across the quadrant, but it leaves little room for error. If you miss you'll find yourself completely open to counter-attack, so keep your distance.
Primary: Pulse Laser - This pair of high damage, long range lasers make for some superb sniping.
Secondary: Missile Pod - Fire up to seven missiles that explode and cause splash damage, too.
Tertiary: Dash - If your cover's blown and you need to get away, this will blast you forward in a straight line.
Ultra: Remove Plasma Vent - With this you can fire unlimited shots with no overheat penalty; get it right and you can wipe out most of the opposition before they realise what's happening!
Yurei
Bring the chaos! The Yurei is all about delivering maximum medium range damage; its flight stick ripples intensely as you blast out a high-speed hell storm with its pulse cannons, shredding shields and leaving the enemy vulnerable to your missile loadout. If you enjoy nothing more than running around with a rocket launcher, the Yurei's definitely built for you.
Primary: Pulse Cannon - A mid range-automatic pulse cannon for high-speed kills.
Secondary: Trine Missiles - Finish off a weakened enemy and maybe bag a couple more by firing up to 3 missiles that explode and cause splash damage.
Tertiary: ECM - Block those pesky incoming missiles with a cloud of chaff.
Ultra: Mayhem - Go on a glorious short-term rampage with increased weapons damage.
For more information on EVE: Valkyrie Warzone, check out this blog.
Danny Chen (simplified Chinese: 陈宇晖; traditional Chinese: 陳宇暉[1]; pinyin: Chén Yǔhuī; May 26, 1992 – October 3, 2011) was an American U.S. Army soldier who served in Afghanistan in the early 21st century whose death resulted in a military investigation and charges against eight US soldiers, ultimately with four being court martialed.
The investigation found that Chen had been racially harassed and beaten by his fellow soldiers before his death on October 3, 2011.[2]
Early life [ edit ]
Chen was born and raised in Chinatown, Manhattan, New York City, New York by parents who had immigrated from China.[3] His father works as a chef and his mother as a seamstress.[3][4] His parents came from Taishan, a coastal city in Guangdong province, China.[5]
Chen attended P.S. 130 M, graduated from Pace University High School in Manhattan in 2010, and received a full scholarship offer to Baruch College in Manhattan. However, Chen had other ambitions and joined the army in January 2011. He planned after his military service to return to New York City to serve with the New York City Police Department.[5] His mother was unhappy about his choice, as she thought since he was a good student he could build a professional career. However, his father supported him.
Career [ edit ]
After completing basic training at Fort Benning, Georgia, in April 2011, Pvt. Chen was assigned to C Company, 3rd Battalion, 21st Infantry Regiment, 1st Stryker Brigade Combat Team, 25th Infantry Division, which is based in Fort Wainwright, Alaska.[2] In August, he was deployed with his unit to Kandahar province in Afghanistan.[6] They were stationed at Combat Outpost Palace, a forward operating post.
Death at base [ edit ]
Chen was found dead from a self-inflicted gunshot wound in his living quarters at the base in Kandahar province, Afghanistan.[2][7]
"Three days after his death, a military official told Ms. Chen and her husband, Yan Tao Chen, that investigators had not yet determined whether the shot to the head was self-inflicted or fired by someone else.
But the official also revealed, the Chens said, that Private Chen had been subjected to physical abuse and ethnic slurs by superiors, who is a one night dragged him out of bed and across the floor when he failed to turn off a water heater after showering." The military did not provide much information to the parents while they were conducting their investigation.[8]
But military investigators found that Chen was the target in Afghanistan of ethnic slurs and endured physical attacks at the hands of his fellow soldiers before his death.[6][9] Chen was found to have been physically and verbally abused by his superiors, who appeared to single him out for being Chinese-American. This abuse occurred on a daily basis for six weeks before his death.[5][10][8] As the only American soldier with Chinese ancestry in the unit, he was singled out, endured taunts including racial slurs such as "gook", "chink", "Jackie Chan", "Soy Sauce" and "dragon lady;"[11] assigned excessive guard duty to the point of exhaustion, made to do push-ups while holding water in his mouth, and put in a "simulated sitting position" and kicked by other soldiers using their knees, among other abuses.[12]
He was allegedly pelted with stones by fellow soldiers and forced to crawl across gravel shortly before his death.[13] On September 27, 2011, a sergeant dragged Chen out of bed and over 15 metres (49 ft) of gravel, leaving visible bruises and cuts on Chen's back. Although the incident was reported to Chen's platoon sergeant and squad leader, it was not reported to superior officers.[12] On October 3, 2011, the day he died, other soldiers forced him to crawl on gravel for over 100 metres (330 ft) while carrying equipment, as his comrades threw rocks at him.[14]
Burial [ edit ]
Chen received a military funeral at a cemetery in Valhalla, New York, on October 13, 2011.[15]
Investigation and legal consequences [ edit ]
On December 21, 2011, the US Army charged eight soldiers with various crimes relating to Chen's death:
1st Lt. Daniel J. Schwartz
Staff Sgt. Blaine G. Dugas
Staff Sgt. Andrew J. Van Bockel
Sgt. Travis F. Carden
Sgt. Adam M. Holcomb
Sgt. Jeffrey T. Hurst
Spc. Thomas P. Curtis
Spc. Ryan J. Offutt
All the defendants belonged to C Company, 3rd Battalion, 21st Infantry Regiment, 1st Stryker Brigade Combat Team, 25th Infantry Division. They faced various charges, including assault, dereliction of duty, involuntary manslaughter, maltreatment, making false statements, negligent homicide, and reckless endangerment.[16][17]
Following a series of Article 32 hearings on March 5, 2012, investigators dropped the most serious charge, involuntary manslaughter, which carries a maximum penalty of ten years in prison. Four of the eight soldiers were recommended for court-martial on the remaining charges, such as negligent homicide, which carries a maximum penalty of three years in prison. Subsequent trials were held at Fort Bragg in North Carolina.[18][19]
Daniel Schwartz [ edit ]
Daniel Schwartz of Maryland, a 2009 graduate of West Point, was Chen's platoon leader and a First Lieutenant. Following a pretrial hearing at Kandahar Air Field, he was recommended for court-martial on February 12, 2012.[20] He faced eight counts of dereliction of duty, including failure to promote "a climate in which everyone is treated with dignity and respect, regardless of race" and "to prevent his subordinates from maltreating and engaging in racially abusive language." Furthermore, he stood "accused of failing to report two soldiers for consuming alcohol in violation of military rules and failing to report one of those soldiers for 'recklessly' detonating a hand grenade near their base."[21][22]
Schwartz reached a plea deal with prosecutors in December 2012, after they consulted with Chen's parents about the issues. Schwartz did not face trial, and the charges against him were dropped. But he was dismissed from the Army, following a nonpublic Article 15 proceeding. Specifics regarding his punishment were not disclosed.[22][23]
Adam Holcomb [ edit ]
In July 2012, the court-martial started of 30-year-old Sgt. Adam Michael Holcomb of Youngstown, Ohio, among the four charged in Chen's death. He faced charges including negligent homicide, reckless endangerment, communicating a threat, assault, maltreatment of a subordinate, dereliction of duty, and violating a lawful general regulation, which combined carried a maximum prison sentence of up to 17 years and 9 months. He pleaded not guilty. The trial was conducted at Fort Bragg, North Carolina.[24][25]
Private Degan Berhe testified that Chen had discussed suicide because of being harassed by Holcomb: "He told me to my face, sir, that he wanted to commit suicide because he was mistreated."[26]
Holcomb was acquitted of being a cause of Chen's death and most of the other charges, but was convicted of assault. He was sentenced to thirty days in jail, demoted by one rank, and fined $1100 in forfeited pay for this offense.[27] Members of the community, including Asian Americans and civil rights activists, were outraged by this light sentence.
Ryan Offutt [ edit ]
In August 2012, it was reported that Spc. Ryan J. Offutt pleaded guilty to one count of hazing and two specifications of maltreatment. Offutt made a plea deal, resulting in charges of negligent homicide and reckless endangerment being dropped. Offutt had called Chen "chink," "gook," "fortune cookie," "squint eye", and "egg roll." He had kicked Chen and thrown rocks at him. He was sentenced to six months in prison.[28][29] On appeal, the military court of appeals dismissed the six-month sentence and approved punishment only of reducing him in rank to E-1 and discharging him with a Bad Conduct Discharge.[30]
Travis Carden [ edit ]
In October 2012, it was reported that Spc. Travis Carden was demoted to private and received a "bad conduct discharge", after pleading guilty to charges which included attempting to impede an investigation, striking and pushing another soldier, and negligently discharging a pistol in a government van during the altercation. Carden had previously been found guilty of ordering Chen to perform demeaning physical tasks, and calling him racially disparaging names. He was sentenced to ten months in prison.[31][32]
Andrew J. VanBockel [ edit ]
In Afghanistan, VanBockel was Chen's squad leader at Combat Outpost Palace. In November 2012, a military jury convicted Staff Sgt. VanBockel of hazing, dereliction of duty and maltreatment of a subordinate. He was demoted two ranks, reprimanded and forced to perform 60 days of hard labor, of which 45 days were credited due to pre-trial confinement.[33]
Aftermath [ edit ]
Private Chen's death followed the suicide of Lance Corporal Harry Lew of the United States Marines, which took place in the same year.
The military has been criticized for other deaths of young men associated with hazing, and has conducted courts-martial of fellow military men, including non-coms and officers, who have been seen as permitting or encouraging abusive hazing, against the military's official policies. After the trials associated with Chen's death, the Army said it was working "to re-examine its policies against hazing and, officials said, double its efforts to eradicate the practice from its ranks."[22]
Congresswoman Judy Chu (D-CA), an aunt of Lew, introduced a bill, "Harry Lew Military Hazing Accountability and Prevention Act", which was passed as part of the National Defense Authorization Act of 2017.
An American Soldier, an opera based on Chen's suicide and the subsequent courts-martial was premiered at the John F. Kennedy Center for the Performing Arts in 2014. A revised expanded version had its world premiere in 2018 at the Opera Theatre of Saint Louis festival.[34][35]
Honors [ edit ]
A portion of Manhattan's Elizabeth Street has been designated also as Pvt. Danny Chen Way.
A stretch of Elizabeth Street in Chinatown, Manhattan is now also designated as Private Danny Chen Way. It was dedicated on Memorial Day in 2014.[36][37]
See also [ edit ]
Donald Trump doesn't represent American values and acts like a "clown," said Senator Tim Kaine in a bilingual interview with Univision's Jorge Ramos Friday for the El Punto program. The Democratic vice presidential nominee also defended Hillary Clinton against accusations of unethical dealings with the Clinton Foundation while she was secretary of state.
Kaine lashed out at the Republican nominee, who this week appears to have changed his tune about immigration policy . "I would say his actions are the actions of an idiot, especially his actions against the Latino community," Kaine said. "He's talking about building a huge wall, creating a deportation force … his actions on this issue are the actions of a clown."
Kaine is a fluent Spanish speaker who spent time volunteering with missionaries in Honduras. His bilingualism could help appeal to Hispanic voters in swing states, particularly Florida, Ohio and Pennsylvania.
Asked if Trump is pivoting his immigration policy in a last-ditch attempt to appeal to Hispanics, Kaine indicated he didn't think Trump is changing anything. "I think his words this week are empty words," he said. "His actions are very clear, and Trump's actions aren't changing." Kaine also warned about Trump's ties to white supremacists. "It's clear he's promoting hate groups and receiving support from hate groups," he said.
Ramos pressed Kaine about Clinton's promise not to deport children, particularly Central American refugees . "Our first priority is not to separate families," Kaine said. "We don't want to send children to other countries." He said a Clinton administration would assist children seeking asylum and also work on improving the situation in Central America. "I think the important thing is to help these children, help those who are coming here but also work together with the governments of Honduras, Guatemala and El Salvador" to strengthen their economies and fight drug violence.
The senator also defended Clinton regarding criticism of her involvement with the Clinton Foundation and the use of a private email server while she served as secretary of state.
"There has not been any suggestion that Hillary Clinton as secretary of state or the Department under her leadership took any action that had benefit or that was connected in any way to activities of the foundation," he said.
"The one thing I'll say is that the donors to the foundation are public," he added. "There is a transparency here that we are still waiting to see as we sort of compare to Donald Trump who won't even show the American public his tax returns."
On the email issue, Kaine pointed out that Clinton has no problem making them public. "We all make mistakes and she's acknowledged it, apologized for it, and says she's learned something from it," he added.
Finally, Ramos asked Kaine why Clinton hasn't given a press conference so far this year. Kaine pointed out that both he and Clinton have been very open to the media. "The difference between talking to the press every day and holding a press conference isn't a big difference, in my opinion," the senator responded.
Jessica Weiss contributed to this report.
“Jim was in the hands of a very hateful, brutal group of people — only God knows,” she said. “But it was clear that they wanted to negotiate. That angered them more than anything — they would send nasty messages aimed at the government, and the family had to get back to them,” she said. “We would read it over, and tweak it and suggest changes, but it was obvious they wanted to engage with the government, and I don't understand how it is that we were not willing to engage at some level. This made them more and more angry.”
On Aug. 8, Mr. Obama authorized airstrikes on ISIS positions in Iraq.
On Aug. 12, the Foleys received the last email from their son's abductors. It appeared to be addressed not just to the Foleys, but also to the United States government:
“You were given many chances to negotiate the release of your people via cash transactions as other governments have accepted,” said the email, published by GlobalPost. “We have also offered prisoner exchanges to free the Muslims currently in your detention like our sister Dr Afia Sidiqqi however you proved quickly to us that this is NOT what you are interested in,” they said. “You and your citizens will pay the price of the bombings.”
A week later, a video appeared on YouTube showing the execution of Mr. Foley.
Two weeks after that, a nearly identical video was uploaded showing the death of another American journalist, Steven J. Sotloff. This weekend, a British aid worker, David Cawthorne Haines, was beheaded.
Two other Americans and two British citizens remain in ISIS custody. At least 15 others held with Mr. Foley, all but one of them European, succeeded in getting out in return for cash.
In an effort to make sure the death of Mr. Foley brings about change, his parents are now working to establish an organization that will advise families of other victims, giving them the information early on that they say they were not given.
“It was a very, very frightening place to be,” Ms. Foley said. “And other countries do this better,” she added. “I would hope that our government and the international community is looking deeply at this issue, and we pray that by doing so, Jim's death will not be in vain.”
Tupac Shakur, the rap icon who was murdered in 1996, materialized on the Coachella 2012 stage in a live performance synched with Snoop Dogg. Nick Smith, president of the San Diego company AV Concepts that created the hologram, worked with rapper and producer Dr. Dre to accurately recreate Tupac with hologram technology. The effort is estimated to have cost between $100,000 and $400,000 and took took almost four months to complete. Nick Smith is not allowed to disclose the creative technology behind how the hologram was able to mimic Tupac's vocals or perform in synch with Snoop Dogg. Nick Smith, however, did say that his company can take the likeness and voice of performers, even those that have never performed, and digitally recreate it. AV has performed similar hologram feats with Madonna and holographic members of the Gorillaz at the 2005 Grammy Awards, as well as holograms in Black Eyed Peas and Celine Dion performances.
I'm working on developing a novel programming language, working title ‘aevum'. As part of that process, I'll be writing a series of articles about various aspects of language design and development.
Every long running computer program is going to need to obtain a variety of resources, and those resources are almost always finite. Memory, file handles, threads, GPU resources – all of these are relatively scarce, and exhausting the available supply will have dire consequences, anywhere from killing the program, to crashing the computer on which it runs.
Given this scarcity, it is essential that we can dispose of these resources as soon as we are finished using them (or at least, before they are needed elsewhere). Although that sounds simple enough, it turns out that there are a couple of hurdles to overcome.
The first hurdle relates to ownership. As long as every resource is owned exactly once (i.e. a member variable of one object, or a local variable to one function), then disposal is trivial – a resource is disposed of as soon as it's parent is disposed of. But requiring single ownership of every object comes with disadvantages of its own: with strict single ownership you can't easily maintain cyclic data structures such as bi-directional lists, graphs or trees.
On the other hand, if you elect to allow multiple ownership, you are then faced with the problem of how to determine when a resource is actually no longer being used. Obviously you can't dispose of it as long as even a single owner still exists, but how do you determine that the last owner is gone? You can explicitly keep track of the list of owners for each resource (a la reference counting), at the expense of both storage and performance, or you can at regular intervals scan the entire system to determine objects without owners (a la tracing garbage collectors), at the cost of determinism and performance.
Manual resource disposal
Manual resource disposal was once a staple of imperative languages, and while one might hope that it would be included here as a mere historical footnote, that is sadly not the case. The majority of garbage collected languages (including Java, Python and C#, to name but a few), make little explicit provision for the disposal of scarce non-memory resources. Why they do offer some support for locally-scoped resources (python's with statement, or C#'s using statement), long-lived or shared resources have to be managed by manual calls to a dispose method, potentially augmented by a manual reference counting system.
Why is this less than ideal? Primarily because it places the burden of resource disposal squarely on the programmer. Not only does it require a significant amount of additional code, but forgetting to call the disposal methods in one of any number of places will prevent the disposal of those resources.
Tracing garbage collection
Tracing garbage collectors are the bread and butter of modern programming languages. I'm not going to describe the workings in detail – there are many resources on the subject. Suffice it to say that at regular intervals we trace through all reachable objects, mark them as live, and dispose of everything else. The typical criticism of garbage collectors is that they are not deterministic, and collection may occur at any time, interrupting the normal executing of the program. While that represents a serious problem in hard real-time applications, there are a variety of ways to work around the problem, and I am mostly interested in a more subtle manifestation of the same issue.
The tracing portion of a garbage collection cycle has to touch all reachable memory, and the collection phase has to free every orphaned object, both of which may take a significant amount of time. For this reason, garbage collection is typically delayed until the system detects that it is about to run out of memory. That's all very well, but what if it isn't memory we are about to run out of? The garbage collector doesn't know anything about, say, file handles, so even if you run out of file handles, as long as there is plenty of memory (and modern machines have plentiful memory) garbage collection won't be triggered.
The typical solution to this problem is to require manual disposal of non-memory resources, which results in the same drawbacks we have already discussed above.
Reference counting
Reference counting is the darling of the C++ world, and sees pretty wide use even in other languages. Again, I'm not going to describe the workings in detail, but the basics are to attach a reference count to each object, increment that count each time a reference to the object is created, and decrement the count each time such a reference is destroyed. If the reference count drops to zero you know that there are no references to the object, and it can be deleted immediately.
Reference counting offers one key advantage over garbage collection: all objects can be disposed as soon as they are no longer needed. This is excellent from the perspective of disposing non-memory resources, but it unfortunately goes hand-in-hand with a number of flaws.
The first flaw is that reference counting in vulnerable to cycles, where objects A and B either directly or indirectly refer to each other, thereby preventing the reference count of either from ever reaching zero. This flaw is further is compounded by the fact that many common data structures (doubly-linked lists, bi-directional trees, cyclical graphs, etc.) all involve such circular references. We can mitigate this by making the programmer define which single references actually confers ownership (strong vs weak references), but this adds significant mental overhead for the programmer, and just emulates the ideal case of single ownership. We can also allow cycles, and run cycle detection to break these cycles, but that is roughly equivalent to garbage collection, and shares the same drawbacks.
The second flaw is that not only does the need to attach a reference count to every object consume additional memory, but the near-constant increment/decrement of reference counts also puts a considerable strain on the cache. This can be reduced by careful optimization of where reference counts are updated, and by deferring updates so as to batch them together, but the former adds to programmer complexity, and the latter drastically reduces the benefit of immediate disposal.
ARC (automatic reference counting)
Apple deployed reference counting as a crucial part of their API design with the advent of Mac OS X and their Objective-C frameworks. Initially this reference counting had to be done through manual calls to retain/release methods, and with the addition of some supporting constructs (such as autorelease pools) and a strongly documented convention for programmers to follow, this was very successful (albeit a little tedious).
After a brief foray into traditional garbage collection (which failed to meet the needs of the fast-growing iPhone ecosystem), they hit on a simpler idea: what if the compiler could perform reference counting for you? Mechanically following the same conventions provided to the programmer, and augmented by a couple of language annotations to influence behaviour, the compiler can guarantee to implement correct reference counting, and the optimiser can strip back out most redundant calls to remove much of the overhead thus introduced.
In general it is a very neat system, the major drawback being that it still relies on the programmer to annotate weak references correctly, and there remains some overhead in maintaining the necessary reference counts.
Rust
There are a number of interesting resource management ideas knocking around in the Mozilla foundation's Rust, namely unique pointers, borrowed references, and automatic region management.
Unique pointers are declared with a ~ (tilde character), and they uniquely own the object they point to. As in, no other object holds a pointer to it. If you assign one unique pointer to another, the contents are transferred (not copied) and the original no longer points to the owned object. Unique pointers make resource management a piece of cake, because if the pointer uniquely owns its contents, then we can destroy the contents as soon as the pointer goes out of scope.
Of course, as I mentioned in the introduction, there are a whole class of data structures which are very hard to create with only unique pointers, and that's where borrowed references come in. Rust lets you declare a reference with the & (ampersand character), and this can be used to ‘borrow' a reference from a unique pointer. The borrowed reference refers to the same thing the unique pointer does, but it does not own the referenced object, and the compiler guarantees that the reference will not outlive the unique pointer (thus never impacting resource collection at all).
Since our references must be statically guaranteed not to outlive the matching unique pointer, we'd be quite limited in what we could do with these references. For example, we wouldn't be able to store such a reference in a container, because the lifetime of the container might outlast our unique pointer. And this is why we need automatic region management: regions define scopes within which lifetimes exist, and by limiting the reference to the region containing the unique pointer, we guarantee that the reference cannot outlive the pointer. But regions are hierarchical, and automatically created for every scope, so that as long as a container is owned by a child region of the region holding our unique pointer, we can add references to that container freely, secure in the knowledge that the container too will not outlive the original unique pointer.
And the best part is that the compiler can statically determine a bunch of this at compile time, and hand you back nice little errors when you violate regions, thus avoiding most of the runtime overhead. There are of course limitations, the programmer still has to be cognisant of the difference between unique pointers and borrowed references, and attempts to move referenced objects will occasionally induce head-scratching compiler errors. But overall, it is a very solid approach to purely deterministic resource disposal with minimal overhead.
Can we do better?
Maybe.
Apple's ARC and Rust's unique/borrowed/region system are both very promising approaches to improving the accuracy and performance of resource disposal, while lowering the cognitive load on the programmer and reducing the incidence resource leaks. And they both avoid the crippling restrictions on programmers imposed by classical research approaches, such as complete immutability of data or linear types. However, both continue to have some cognitive overhead, and both are relatively new approaches with the possibility of as yet unforeseen complications.
But for now, the trend of compiler-centric resource disposal approaches seems to be here to stay.
Advertisements
BULLARD, Texas — Investigators say a 10-year-old East Texas girl reported missing from church has been found dead in a water well and a relative was held as the lone suspect in the slaying.
Smith County Sheriff Larry Smith says firefighters Sunday recovered the body of Kayla Gomez-Orozco of Tyler from a well beside a home near Bullard.
Gustavo Zavala-Garcia CBS DFW
Authorities say Gustavo Zavala-Garcia is the only suspect in the 10-year-old's death. The Dallas Morning News reports that Zavala-Garcia is Kayla's uncle. Smith says the suspect has been jailed without bond on a federal immigration hold.
Kayla was last seen Tuesday night at a church in Bullard, 100 miles southeast of Dallas. Smith says the investigation led to the relative's home several miles away. The body was located Saturday.
The Amber Alert for the missing 10-year-old was discontinued Saturday evening after the discovery of the body.
FBI agents had recently called for the public's assistance in the search efforts and even offered a $60,000 reward for her return.
Smith declined to release a cause of death or a possible motive, pending charges.
Millionaire rock stars are traditionally more synonymous with conspicuous consumption than the workers' struggle. But artists including Robbie Williams, Radiohead and The Verve are among those who might be about to swap sex, drugs and rock'n'roll for banners, braziers and manifestos - having formed a new organisation to stand up for their rights.
Among the dozens of founder members of the Featured Artists' Coalition are Radiohead's Thom Yorke and Red Wedge veteran Billy Bragg, - who did after all record There is Power in a Union - but also former Pink Floyd guitarist David Gilmour, The Klaxons, DJ Paul Oakenfold, Craig David, Iron Maiden and the Kaiser Chiefs.
All argue that the new organisation, to be launched tomorrow at the In the City conference in Manchester, is vital to represent their interests as the music industry is turned on its head by digital distribution. Damon Gough, of Badly Drawn Boy, said: "I think with the digital age and record companies dispersing and disbanding, young bands need a governing voice that will support them and help protect their work."
The organisation will "speak with one voice to help artists strike a new bargain with record companies, digital distributors and others ... by engaging with government, music and technology companies, and collection societies, arguing for fair play and, where necessary, exposing unfair practices".
The industry has been revolutionised since Napster sparked panic by bringing illegal file sharing to a mass audience 10 years ago; CD sales have collapsed and digital downloads have soared, but they have failed to make up the gap.
But while the digital revolution was traumatic for big labels, it has opened up new possibilities for artists, especially those with established fanbases.
The coalition will campaign for a fairer deal on copyright, cited by Radiohead as one of their reasons for leaving EMI last year and releasing In Rainbows as an attention grabbing "pay what you can" download. Guitarist Ed O'Brien said: "For us, this is a no-brainer and we believe all artists and musicians should be signing up." The band's co-manager, Brian Message, said it would allow new artists to benefit from the experiences and clout of more established ones.
Message said up and coming artists no longer saw signing with a major record label as the only way forward. New artists tended to be much more savvy about business because they had built up a fanbase online, promoted their own gigs and released their own demos.
The Featured Artists' Coalition, the term given to "primary named performers" on recordings, will be headed by an independent chairman with six artists, three managers and representatives from the Musicians' Union and Equity.
It will have a six-point manifesto, including fair compensation after deals between labels and technology companies, and a "use it or lose it" approach to copyright so that recordings don't go unreleased. As the utopian dream of the digital age - removing barriers between artist and fan - gives way to a more complex reality, artists fear they are in danger of being cut out of the loop between record labels and technology giants. They are concerned about offerings such as MySpace Music, which has given big labels a share in its new ad-supported streaming service, and Nokia's Comes With Music, which will pay labels part of the subscription price in return for unlimited downloads.
Message said a memorandum of understanding between the government, internet service providers and labels ignored the rights of artists.
Jazz Summers, manager of The Verve, said that while there had always been industry bodies to represent record labels, managers, publishers and live promoters, there had never been a group to represent the artists.
"Every meeting I go to, I look around the table and there are 20 or 30 people, but no one representing the artist," he said. "This is not about bashing record labels. But it is about recognising that the interests of the record label and the artist are not always aligned."
How the union leaders match up
Thom Yorke, millionaire rockstar
Age: 39
Fanbase: Band sold 25m albums worldwide by 2007
Youth: Inspired by Brian May of Queen, got his first guitar at seven. Studied Fine Art and English. Worked part time as a DJ and in a psychiatric hospital.
Career: Lead singer of Radiohead who were ranked 73 in Rolling Stone's greatest artists in history. Never learned to read music - "If someone lays the notes on a page in front of me its meaningless."
Interests: Supports a variety of issues including Free Tibet, Fair trade, anti-globalisation, Amnesty International, and Friends of the Earth. He refused to meet Tony Blair to discuss climate change.
Lives: In Oxford with his partner and two children.
Brendan Barber, TUC general secretary
Age: 57
Fanbase: 6.6m members of the TUC Youth: Spent his first 16 years living in the grounds of a borstal where his father taught bricklaying. Studied Social Sciences at City University, became president of the students' union.
Career: Joined the TUC in 1975, rose up the ranks to general secretary in 2003. Once accused Tony Blair of making unionists feel like "embarrassing elderly relatives", when they visited No 10.
Interests: Keen golfer and Everton supporter.
Lives: North London with his wife, with whom he has two children.
Robert Parker
MONTREAL – A Quebec Superior Court judge who struck fear in the hearts of lawyers for much of his 35-year career crossed the line with a sexist barrage aimed at a defence lawyer during one of his last trials, an appeal court has ruled.
The Quebec Court of Appeal ordered a new trial last week for a man convicted of first-degree murder in 2011, ruling that the “intrinsically sexist attitude” of Justice Jean-Guy Boilard toward defence lawyer Élise Pinsonnault undermined the accused's right to a fair trial.
During the trial that ended in a jury conviction of Sébastien Hébert for the murder of 45-year-old Michel Lespérance of Châteauguay, Que., Judge Boilard was merciless toward Ms. Pinsonnault.
[np_storybar title=”Some exchanges between Justice Jean-Guy Boilard and defence lawyer Élise Pinsonnault that an appeal court has ruled undermined her client's right to a fair trial:” link=””]
Boilard: “It would perhaps be a good thing if Ms. Pinsonnault listened to us.”
Pinsonnault: “I am sorry, your honour . . . I can do two things at the same time.”
Boilard: “That's what women are doing all the time. It does not mean that it is always done well.”
——–
Boilard: “Well what is it you want to introduce?”
Pinsonnault: “Some photos!”
Boilard: “I'm not asking you to be hysterical. I'm simply asking you to answer me.”
——–
Boilard: “Listen here, there is a limit to amateurism, isn't there?”
——–
Boilard: “Get it into your head that in the courtroom, there is just one person who steers the debate and it is not you . . . . So, starting from there, when I say, ‘I am going to render my decision,' from that point on, you keep quiet, you sit down and you listen. It's as simple and brutal as that.”
——-
Boilard [When Ms. Pinsonnault stood to raise an objection]: “Madame, first off, sit down. It's going to be a very simple thing. It will prevent you from talking.”
———
Boilard: “I am not in the habit of responding to lawyers' questions. Nor am I in the habit of polishing their education in criminal law.”
[/np_storybar]
“Abrasive and scornful, the judge called into question the professionalism and competence of [Mr. Hébert's] lawyer, which the jury could not help but notice,” said Chief Justice Nicole Duval Hesler, writing on behalf of the three-judge appeal panel.
The ruling cites numerous examples of Judge Boilard's comments and behaviour toward Ms. Pinsonnault, both subtle and blatant. For example, the judge repeatedly addressed Ms. Pinsonnault as “Madame,” reserving “Maître,” the French honorific for lawyers, for the male Crown prosecutor. The appeal court found this was evidence of “obvious condescension.”
At one point, during discussions in the jury's absence, Judge Boilard said to the Crown, “It would perhaps be a good thing if Ms. Pinsonnault listened to us.” She replied: “I am sorry, your honour … I can do two things at the same time.”
“That's what women are doing all the time,” the judge said. “It does not mean that it is always done well.”
Another time, when Ms. Pinsonnault was trying to introduce evidence, he said she was not following proper rules and called her behaviour “a little bizarre.” He then asked, “Well what is it you want to introduce?” to which an exasperated Ms. Pinsonnault replied, “Some photos!”
Judge Boilard responded, “I'm not asking you to be hysterical. I'm simply asking you to answer me.”
During his long tenure on the bench, which ended with his retirement at age 75 in 2012, Judge Boilard was notorious for dressing down lawyers appearing before him. Crown prosecutors once signed a petition asking not to have to plead in front of him, and a 2001 clash with a defence lawyer led Judge Boilard to abandon a major biker trial.
In that case, the judge referred to defence lawyer Gilles Doré as “insolent,” said he used “bombastic rhetoric and hyperbole,” displayed “impudence” and had filed a “totally ridiculous” request for a stay of proceedings.
Mr. Doré responded with a scathing private letter to Judge Boilard that later became public. “You possess the most appalling of all defects for a man in your position: You are fundamentally unjust,” Mr. Doré concluded. “I doubt that that will ever change.”
Such animosity, such contempt on the part of the presiding judge, so flagrant and repeated toward the appellant's lawyer, leads me to believe that the fairness of the trial was in all probability compromised
When Judge Boilard's diatribe against Mr. Doré led to a rebuke from the Canadian Judicial Council in 2002, he withdrew from a trial of Hells Angels defendants that was into its third month, saying he did not have the “moral authority” to preside.
The Court of Appeal ruling means the family of Mr. Lespérance will have to live through another trial. At the first trial, the jury heard that Mr. Lespérance was lured to a motel in 2005 and administered a fatal mix of heroin and cocaine by Mr. Hébert and an accomplice. The death was initially ruled an accidental overdose, but police later alleged it was a deliberate act of vengeance.
“Michel was a guy with incredible compassion, he was a good man,” the victim's brother Joey Lespérance said after the 2011 conviction. “Michel made one mistake, surrounding himself with a bad crowd.”
Chief Justice Hesler said the strength or weakness of the evidence against Mr. Hébert was not a consideration in the appeal. The key question was whether Judge Boilard's conduct calls into question his subjectivity.
“Such animosity, such contempt on the part of the presiding judge, so flagrant and repeated toward the appellant's lawyer, leads me to believe that the fairness of the trial was in all probability compromised,” she concluded.
National Post
NEW DELHI: Buoyed by party's victory in Maharashtra and Haryana, Delhi BJP on Sunday said it will push for fresh election in the national capital, banking on the "Modi wave" to wrest power, and may turn down any offer by lieutenant governor Najeeb Jung to take a shot at government formation.General secretary of Delhi BJP and Delhi (South) MP Ramesh Bidhuri said the result of the assembly polls in Maharashtra and Haryana have "proved" that support for BJP was not waning and the party will come out with clear mandate if Delhi goes to polls again."We are ready for fresh election as soon as possible. We will push for early polls. The Modi wave continues to sweep the country and BJP will come to power with thumping majority if elections are held in Delhi again," Bidhuri said.Asserting that party has strengthened its support base significantly since the assembly polls in December last year, Bidhuri said the majority of party workers in the city are fully prepared to face the election again.Asked what will be BJP's position if lieutenant governor Najeeb Jung invites it to form government, he said the party will not take the reins of power by adopting any unfair means."We will turn down any offer for government formation and will push for early polls. If the party can get a clear majority in neighbouring Haryana then why should we not go for polls here. BJP will not form a government in Delhi by resorting to any unfair means," he said.The lieutenant governor last month had sent a report to President Pranab Mukherjee seeking permission to invite the BJP to form a government in Delhi.In the report, Jung gave a detailed analysis of the political situation and underlined the need to have an elected government in the city which is under President's rule since February 17 following resignation of the Aam Aadmi Party government which was in power for 49 days.The Centre is likely to respond to the lieutenant governor's letter after Diwali.The BJP has been maintaining that it will take a decision on government formation in Delhi after getting an invite from the lieutenant governor.
For Nathan Schneider, the future of Twitter is the Green Bay Packers.
Twitter is struggling to make it as an independent business, unable to increase revenues or expand its audience as quickly as Wall Street would like. So, in recent weeks, it tried selling itself. But no one wanted to buy—not Google or Salesforce or Disney or Microsoft. These big corporate names, it seems, aren't interested in the way Twitter promotes hate speech and harassment, or they don't see a good way of realizing big profits from the company—or both.
At this point, the future looks pretty bleak for Twitter. But like millions of other hardcore Twitterers, Schneider—a scholar-in-residence at the University of Colorado Boulder who focuses on media—doesn't want the service to die. And he doesn't want it to change too much, either. So, he thinks that Twitter should sell itself to people like him. He thinks Twitter should be run by its fans—much like the Green Bay Packers.
Famously, the NFL franchise is owned and operated by the people of Green Bay, Wisconsin. Rather than trying to maximize profits, this fan-owned organization—The Green Bay Packers Inc.—is merely interested in making enough money to sustain itself. For Schneider, that's the model that suits Twitter. And after penning an article in the Guardian, he sparked a campaign to make this happen.
"I expected some response from the community, but I was really gratified to see people really grab on to the idea as much as they have," he says. "It's not the usual experience that when you throw out a quick idea online that a community forms around it and people start building things autonomously."
It makes perfect sense. But could this movement actually succeed? Even Schneider admits it's a long shot. Turning Twitter into a user-owned co-op would require buy-in from the Twitter board—not to mention the current shareholders. But the campaign is determined to make its case to Twitter's founders, and it has already attracted some notable supporters, including Albert Wenger, a partner at early Twitter investor Union Square Ventures.
At the very least, the campaign provides a blueprint for a new way of operating internet services–a blueprint that new inventors should consider. Twitter should have been built like this in the first place.
A Public Good
The Green Bay Packers isn't the only precedent. Outdoor equipment retailer REI is a similar co-op. Countless credit unions run this way. And so do a large number of electrical utilities.
By the 1930s, nearly 90 percent of urban homes had electricity, but about 90 percent of people in rural communities didn't, according a history of electric utility cooperatives published by University of Wisconsin Center for Cooperatives. For-profit electric companies worried that the cost of bringing electricity to these low density areas wouldn't be worth the revenue they would generate. So, with the help of federal loans, rural communities banded together to create their own utility companies, owned by consumers. Although investor- or government-owned utility companies provide electricity to the vast majority of the population, these co-ops still provide electricity to about 75 percent of the US geography as of 2006.
This may be the best analogy. For Tim Wu, the man who coined the term "net neutrality" and the new book The Attention Merchants exploring the ways advertising can undermine a company's mission, Twitter is like a public utility. It's part of the public dialog. It played an important part in many political and social movements, both online and off, from the Black Lives Matter movement to, ahem, Donald Trump's presidential campaign. Outside of the US, Twitter has become a crucial platform for free speech, from the presidential election protests in Iran in 2009 to the recent anti-corruption protests in Mexico.
It makes sense for this utility to remain in the hands of the people. "We don't expect quarterly doublings of revenue from email, the English language, or the web itself," Wu says of himself and millions of other Twitterers.
Innovation Without Borders
The problem with this line of thinking is that Twitter is currently losing money. Becoming a co-op won't remove the need for Twitter to find a business model that actually sustains it. Nor would it necessarily solve one of Twitter's biggest problems: rampant harassment and trolling.
But digital business consultant Thomas Euler believes if Twitter were somehow transformed into a co-op, this could help breed solutions to these problems. With Wall Street looming, he says, it's difficult for Twitter to experiment with new business models. "They're in a really tough situation to reform in a traditional setting," Euler says. But a co-op would be more tolerant.
A co-op wouldn't tolerate models that involves more highly distracting ads. But it would encourage people to build entirely new services atop Twitter that could drive more revenue. For example, Euler suggests that, were Twitter more open to third-party developers, activist organizations could build fundraising tools that allowed users to donate to causes directly via Twitter. The company could take a cut of the proceeds. In other words, Euler says, Twitter could take an approach more like Amazon: offer a platform for other companies or organizations to make money.
Twitter-as-platform would also make it possible for people who don't work at Twitter to come up with better ways of combatting the harassment problem. Ultimately, users could end up with a range of different options to chose from, instead of depending solely on the features developed by Twitter.
Oh, and Uber Too
No one is really sure what a cooperative Twitter would really look like yet, or exactly how to make it happen. People like Schneider could create a new co-op that buys up shares from Twitter stockholders, but that would be extremely expensive. New York University management professor Anindya Ghose suggests that the best way forward might be for a large company to acquire Twitter and then sell shares to a new co-op, creating a sort of hybrid model. Or, Union Ventures partner Wenger suggests, Twitterers could create a co-op that has little to no official ownership of the company, but could influence current shareholders.
Frankly, it would be easier to start a new user-owned social media service rather than trying to turn Twitter into a co-op. But people have been trying to lure Twitter users onto alternative platforms for as long as Twitter has existed, and it never quite works. The more decentralized alternative Identica, for example, launched in 2008. The service App.net, which sought to fund itself on subscriptions instead of ads, has been around since 2012. Neither has supplanted Twitter.
But it's good to talk about alternative ownership models. It might help new projects in the future. And in a way, this is already happening. Schneider's campaign grew out of a movement called "platform cooperativism," which seeks to provide co-op alternatives to sharing-economy companies like Uber and Airbnb. Something like Uber, the movement believes, should be controlled by the drivers. A few tech startups, such as the decision-making software service Loomio—which is being used as an organization tool by the Twitter co-op campaign—have already embraced the idea.
The next big thing doesn't have to work like Google or Facebook. It could work like the Green Bay Packers.
× Expand Landon Schoenefeld at Haute Dish. Landon Schoenefeld of Haute Dish | Photo by Eliesa Johnson
The worst thing that ever happened in Twin Cities food, at least on my watch, was not La Belle Vie closing or any of the personal bankruptcies, divorces, and literal fires that have afflicted so many of us. The worst thing that ever happened was when chef John Radle killed himself.
I think most of the people who were working in town then agreed—not on our watch, never again. Whenever anyone in Twin Cities food says 'I can't do this, I can't take it, I'm not going to make it,' it is up to the rest of us to say: We've got your back, we will carry you through this rough spot, you can always fight again and have a second act tomorrow—as long as there is a tomorrow. Tomorrow is the most valuable thing you can give yourself.
So when I sat across from Landon Schoenefeld this morning at Nighthawks and he said he's been suicidal and doesn't feel like he can go on, that he's taking an indefinite, possibly permanent break from Nighthawks/Birdie and HauteDish to take care of himself, I told him this was not how I wanted this story to go, but of course the most important thing is that he take care of himself. Then we cried for a while, because it feels like defeat when life gets to be too much, and no Minnesotan or South Dakotan ever wants to admit defeat. Even when we know it's a normal part of life.
Of course, I think Schoenefeld is one of the biggest talents the Twin Cities have ever produced. Both HauteDish and Nighthawks/Birdie were an intellectual revolution in their way, taking the vernacular home cooking of the Northern Plains and elevating it with the finest of fine cooking techniques. Birdie was Schoenefeld's newest and it felt important and like it was turning into something even more important, something personal and more deeply realized. The restaurants will go on, Nighthawks is profitable and will be continued by current sous chef Chris Dorsey. Birdie will continue with it's remarkable crew—Brittany St. Clair, Jessi Peine, and pastry chef Tlanezi Guzman-Teipel—and will likely be led by Erik Anderson until Brut MN gets off the ground next spring. HauteDish is currently in limbo, and is a bit of a mess and contributed to much of the stress here. It's currently in legal negotiations between Schoenefeld and David Walters, the two remaining of the original four owners, and longtime sous chef Remle Colestock has given notice that he's leaving. Schoenefeld told me he had hoped to re-concept HauteDish as a more casual restaurant, (it could sell nothing but Moscow Mules and Flavor Country burgers and be a hit) but whether that will happen remains to be seen. Schoenefeld will retain his ownership in Nighthawks, and so possibly could come back, though right now he's thinking he might restart his life in Portland, Seattle, or somewhere in Colorado. His last night at Nighthawks and Birdie will be New Year's Eve; watch for tickets for Birdie. Then, a break.
This is not defeat. This is what bravery looks like. I maintain that the bravest, most courageous thing you can do when depression rears its head is sought help, take care of yourself, change the system. Depression is endemic, rife, routine in restaurants. Chefs around the country are just starting to talk about it. It's nothing to be ashamed of. Daniel Patterson at Coi, one of the best restaurants in the country, recently published an essay detailing his own battle with suicidal depression—he guesses 95% of restaurant people are depressed. Kat Kinsman, who runs the terrific Chefs With Issues blog focusing on mental health issues in food, says mental health is the number one problem facing our industry. I thought the recent GQ story about how Sean Brock is working himself to death was problematic, to say the least. We don't need more stories of chefs falling on their swords, when the end is literally death. I don't want more Bernard Loiseaus, committing suicide over a Michelin star, we need more Eric Riperts. I can't link to the story I want to show you because it's coming out in a future issue of Delta Sky, and it's about how Ripert, one of the world's greatest chefs, took Le Bernardin to new heights by finding space for spiritual practice and time off.
When I talked to Schoenefeld he was trembling, and worn out. He blamed himself for not paying himself, for always putting himself last, for not building space in his restaurants for himself to recharge. I told him this putting yourself last is a tendency that affects most, if not all of us, around here. That he's 35, and he's still young to learn that lesson. I told him we've got his back, and we're grateful for all the soup and the burgers, the pancakes and the crazy-ambitious tater tots, and that we'll always be here for him, and he's too valuable to lose.
As I write this, it's two days before Thanksgiving. It's raining and snowing at the same time in Minneapolis, and the sun sets at 4 o'clock in the afternoon and spends all day pretty low and cold. I have a wish for all of us in Minnesota food this Thanksgiving, that we talk about how the bravest thing any of us can do is admit it when we need help, and give our love to those who need it. Take care of yourself, chef. We have your back.
This is the third chapter of the Writing a JavaScript framework series. In this chapter, I am going to explain the different ways of evaluating code in the browser and the issues they cause. I will also introduce a method, which relies on some new or lesser known JavaScript features.
The series is about an open-source client-side framework, called NX. During the series, I explain the main difficulties I had to overcome while writing the framework. If you are interested in NX please visit the home page.
The series includes the following chapters:
The evil eval
The eval() function evaluates JavaScript code represented as a string.
A common solution for code evaluation is the eval() function. Code evaluated by eval() has access to closures and the global scope, which leads to a security issue called code injection and makes eval() one of the most notorious features of JavaScript.
Despite being frowned upon, eval() is very useful in some situations. Most modern front-end frameworks require its functionality but don't dare to use it because of the issue mentioned above. As a result, many alternative solutions emerged for evaluating strings in a sandbox instead of the global scope. The sandbox prevents the code from accessing secure data. Usually it is a simple JavaScript object, which replaces the global object for the evaluated code.
The common way
The most common eval() alternative is complete re-implementation - a two-step process, which consists of parsing and interpreting the passed string. First the parser creates an abstract syntax tree, then the interpreter walks the tree and interprets it as code inside a sandbox.
This is a widely used solution, but it is arguably too heavy for such a simple thing. Rewriting everything from scratch instead of patching eval() introduces a lot of bug opportunities and it requires frequent modifications to follow the latest language updates as well.
An alternative way
NX tries to avoid re-implementing native code. Evaluation is handled by a tiny library that uses some new or lesser known JavaScript features.
This section will progressively introduce these features and use them to explain the nx-compile code evaluation library. The library has a function called compileCode() , which works like below.
const code = compileCode('return num1 + num2') // this logs 17 to the console console.log(code({num1: 10, num2: 7})) const globalNum = 12 const otherCode = compileCode('return globalNum') // global scope access is prevented // this logs undefined to the console console.log(otherCode({num1: 2, num2: 3}))
By the end of this article, we will implement the compileCode() function in less than 20 lines.
new Function()
The Function constructor creates a new Function object. In JavaScript, every function is actually a Function object.
The Function constructor is an alternative to eval() . new Function(...args, 'funcBody') evaluates the passed 'funcBody' string as code and returns a new function that executes that code. It differs from eval() in two major ways.
It evaluates the passed code just once. Calling the returned function will run the code without re-evaluating it.
It doesn't have access to local closure variables, however, it can still access the global scope.
function compileCode (src) { return new Function(src) }
new Function() is a better alternative to eval() for our use case. It has superior performance and security, but global scope access still has to be prevented to make it viable.
The 'with' keyword
The with statement extends the scope chain for a statement.
with is a lesser known keyword in JavaScript. It allows a semi-sandboxed execution. The code inside a with block tries to retrieve variables from the passed sandbox object first, but if it doesn't find it there, it looks for the variable in the closure and global scope. Closure scope access is prevented by new Function() so we only have to worry about the global scope.
function compileCode (src) { src = 'with (sandbox) {' + src + '}' return new Function('sandbox', src) }
with uses the in operator internally. For every variable access inside the block, it evaluates the variable in sandbox condition. If the condition is truthy, it retrieves the variable from the sandbox. Otherwise, it looks for the variable in the global scope. By fooling with to always evaluate variable in sandbox as truthy, we could prevent it from accessing the global scope.
ES6 proxies
The Proxy object is used to define custom behavior for fundamental operations like property lookup or assignment.
An ES6 Proxy wraps an object and defines trap functions, which may intercept fundamental operations on that object. Trap functions are invoked when an operation occurs. By wrapping the sandbox object in a Proxy and defining a has trap, we can overwrite the default behavior of the in operator.
function compileCode (src) { src = 'with (sandbox) {' + src + '}' const code = new Function('sandbox', src) return function (sandbox) { const sandboxProxy = new Proxy(sandbox, {has}) return code(sandboxProxy) } } // this trap intercepts 'in' operations on sandboxProxy function has (target, key) { return true }
The above code fools the with block. variable in sandbox will always evaluate to true because the has trap always returns true. The code inside the with block will never try to access the global object.
Symbol.unscopables
A symbol is a unique and immutable data type and may be used as an identifier for object properties.
Symbol.unscopables is a well-known symbol. A well-known symbol is a built-in JavaScript Symbol , which represents internal language behavior. Well-known symbols can be used to add or overwrite iteration or primitive conversion behavior for example.
The Symbol.unscopables well-known symbol is used to specify an object value of whose own and inherited property names are excluded from the 'with' environment bindings.
Symbol.unscopables defines the unscopable properties of an object. Unscopable properties are never retrieved from the sandbox object in with statements, instead they are retrieved straight from the closure or global scope. Symbol.unscopables is a very rarely used feature. You can read about the reason it was introduced on this page.
We can fix above issue by defining a get trap on the sandbox Proxy , which intercepts Symbol.unscopables retrieval and always returns undefined. This will fool the with block into thinking that our sandbox object has no unscopable properties.
function compileCode (src) { src = 'with (sandbox) {' + src + '}' const code = new Function('sandbox', src) return function (sandbox) { const sandboxProxy = new Proxy(sandbox, {has, get}) return code(sandboxProxy) } } function has (target, key) { return true } function get (target, key) { if (key === Symbol.unscopables) return undefined return target[key] }
WeakMaps for caching
The code is now secure, but its performance can be still upgraded, since it creates a new Proxy on every invocation of the returned function. This can be prevented by caching and using the same Proxy for every function call with the same sandbox object.
A proxy belongs to a sandbox object, so we could simply add the proxy to the sandbox object as a property. However, this would expose our implementation details to the public, and it wouldn't work in case of an immutable sandbox object frozen with Object.freeze() . Using a WeakMap is a better alternative in this case.
The WeakMap object is a collection of key/value pairs in which the keys are weakly referenced. The keys must be objects, and the values can be arbitrary values.
A WeakMap can be used to attach data to an object without directly extending it with properties. We can use WeakMaps to indirectly add the cached Proxies to the sandbox objects.
const sandboxProxies = new WeakMap() function compileCode (src) { src = 'with (sandbox) {' + src + '}' const code = new Function('sandbox', src) return function (sandbox) { if (!sandboxProxies.has(sandbox)) { const sandboxProxy = new Proxy(sandbox, {has, get}) sandboxProxies.set(sandbox, sandboxProxy) } return code(sandboxProxies.get(sandbox)) } } function has (target, key) { return true } function get (target, key) { if (key === Symbol.unscopables) return undefined return target[key] }
This way only one Proxy will be created per sandbox object.
Final notes
The above compileCode() example is a working sandboxed code evaluator in just 19 lines of code. If you would like to see the full source code of the nx-compile library, you can find it in this Github repository.
Apart from explaining code evaluation, the goal of this chapter was to show how new ES6 features can be used to alter the existing ones, instead of re-inventing them. I tried to demonstrate the full power of Proxies and Symbols through the examples.
Conclusion
If you are interested in the NX framework, please visit the home page. Adventurous readers can find the NX source code in this Github repository.
I hope you found this a good read, see you next time when I'll discuss data binding!
If you have any thoughts on the topic, please share them in the comments.
About
Overview
If you spared a glance toward my previous article, which extolled the virtues of using a PC as your primary gaming platform, then you know that I am pretty enthusiastic about the merits of gaming on a PC. In that same article, I mentioned in the “Exclusive Technologies” portion that PCs are becoming increasingly capable of streaming games to other devices. One of the early devices aiming to promote this practice comes directly from NVIDIA, with whom I professed a love affair. After briefly mentioning the capabilities, I realized, as stated in the article, “Gosh, now I really want a Shield.”
Because I'm an adult with terrible financial priorities, I got one and am I starting to get to know it rather intimately. Released July 31, 2013, the NVIDIA Shield is a Tegra 4 Android 4.4 device with a 5-inch screen and a console-style controller designed to play media, Android games, and PC games from computers with modern GTX videocards.
Specs
Processor NVIDIA® Tegra® 4 quad-core mobile processor with 2 GB RAM Display 5-inch 1280×720 (294 PPI) multi-touch retinal- quality display Audio Integrated stereo speakers with built-in microphone Storage 16 GB Flash memory Custom Armor Color Silver Wireless 802.11n 2×2 MIMO 2.4 GHz and 5 GHz Wi-Fi Bluetooth 4.0 GPS Connectivity Mini-HDMI output Micro-USB 2.0 MicroSD storage slot 3.5mm stereo headphone jack with microphone support Motion Sensors 3-axis gyro 3-axis accelerometer Input controls Dual analog joysticks D-pad Left/right analog triggers Left/right bumpers A/B/X/Y buttons Volume control Android Home and Back buttons Start button NVIDIA power/multi-function button Battery 28.8 Watt hours Weight & Size 579 grams 158mm ( W ) x 135mm ( D ) x 57mm ( H ) Operating System Android™ KitKat 4.4.2 OS Software Google Play NVIDIA® TegraZone™ Sonic 4 Episode II THD Expendable: Rearmed Hulu Plus TwitchTV
Specs via shield.nvidia.com
Next: Features
Advertisements
In an effort to free American captive Bowe Bergdahl before the bulk of U.S. forces leave Afghanistan this year, the Obama administration has decided to try to resume talks with the Taliban and sweeten an offer to trade Taliban prisoners held at Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, for the Army sergeant, current and former officials said.
Five members of the Afghan Taliban who have been held at Guantanamo for years would be released to protective custody in Qatar in exchange for the release of Bergdahl, who was captured in Afghanistan in 2009 and is thought to be held in Pakistan by the Haqqani network, an allied insurgent group.
To refresh the American offer, which has been on the table for more than two years, senior officials from the White House, the Pentagon, the State Department and other agencies decided within the past month to allow the simultaneous release of all five men. Taliban representatives had objected to the previous plan to release the prisoners by ones or twos as a test of Taliban and Qatari intermediaries' ability to make sure the men did not return to militancy.
Two people familiar with the decision stressed that it was the Taliban that broke off negotiations nearly two years ago and that the U.S. door to talks has been open since. The renewed offer has not been formally made, and no State Department or other officials have immediate plans to travel to Doha, Qatar, where any contact facilitated by the Qatari government would take place.
The Pentagon press secretary, Rear Adm. John Kirby, said Friday that U.S. officials are eager to get the soldier back.
“He's been gone too long,” Kirby told reporters during a briefing. “We want him back. We've never stopped trying to bring that about. He's never far from anyone's mind here.”
Officials spoke on the condition of anonymity to outline parts of a strategy they described as a last-ditch effort to engage the Taliban.
The mid-January decision by officials at the level of deputy secretary would confine any new talks to the prisoner issue. Negotiations would not attempt wider engagement with the Taliban on a host of issues related to the future of Afghanistan. U.S. officials had once hoped to use the prisoner exchange as a means to build confidence for those larger discussions, which would also have involved the Afghan government. Now, the United States is primarily focused on getting Bergdahl home.
Officials at the Pentagon said last month that they had obtained a new video of Bergdahl, the first evidence U.S. officials have seen in nearly three years that the soldier remains alive. They had long been seeking evidence that Bergdahl was still living, because of reports that he had attempted to escape once and because of concerns about his health, a U.S. official said. The United States intercepted the video before its makers intended to release or broadcast it, the official said.
Bergdahl, an Army infantryman assigned to a unit from Alaska, was taken captive after walking off his base in the eastern province of Paktika, a decision that confounded his comrades and commanders in Afghanistan. The U.S. military launched a massive manhunt, fearing it would be nearly impossible to find him if his captors smuggled him into Pakistan. The Taliban soon took credit for capturing him and offered to release him in exchange for $1 million and 21 Afghan prisoners.
The Taliban broke off talks before they ever really began in 2012, and an effort to resurrect negotiations between the Taliban and the Afghan government last year ended in an embarrassing shambles. A political office promised to the Taliban was readied in Doha but closed two days after it opened in June amid a row over the raising of a flag the Taliban used when it ruled Afghanistan prior to the 2001 U.S. invasion.
Taliban representatives remain in Doha, and the office is a de facto political headquarters.
Separately, the Pentagon has examined the feasibility of trying to negotiate Bergdahl's release directly with the Haqqani network, which is part of the broader Taliban insurgency but operates separately. The network is widely believed to be holding the soldier in Pakistan, two others familiar with that exploratory effort said.
Preliminary studies have looked at whether the Haqqanis would engage in talks to trade Bergdahl for Haqqani prisoners captured by U.S. and NATO forces in Afghanistan and held at a prison adjacent to Bagram air base, one current and one former U.S. official said.
The United States is holding a “handful” of Haqqani prisoners in Afghanistan, one official said. The exact number has not been disclosed.
At one point in 2012, U.S. officials tried to feel out the Haqqanis through a senior member of the network held at Bagram, but there was no response, one official said. Another person familiar with the effort said similar exploratory planning was done to test whether the Haqqanis might be paid off or otherwise enticed to let Bergdahl escape.
There is no “actionable” intelligence on Bergdahl's exact location, one official said, and a U.S. military rescue mission has long been effectively ruled out.
The United States has even less traction with the Haqqanis, branded a terrorist group in 2012, than with the main Taliban organization. A State Department official met once with Haqqani representatives more than three years ago, but there has been no further contact, two officials said.
In an apparent attempt to draw Haqqani support for the separate Guantanamo-related bargain, one of the five prisoners who would be released was a relatively low-level member of the Haqqani network, one official said.
The decision to try to resume talks comes amid U.S. frustration with Afghan President Hamid Karzai, who has refused to sign a security pact that would allow some forces to stay in the country next year. Without it, all U.S. troops will depart this year, and the already declining U.S. leverage with the Taliban would be reduced.
Karzai has been leery and at times bitterly opposed to direct U.S.-Taliban negotiations, which he sees as an effort to undermine him and make a separate peace. The official U.S. position is still that it seeks “Afghan-led” reconciliation between the government and the Taliban insurgency.
After opposing direct engagement with the Taliban for years, the United States shifted course in President Obama's first term. The effort led only to several secretive meetings in Germany and the Middle East.but no full-on negotiations and no real accomplishments.
The man who would head renewed negotiations if they happened, James Dobbins, the U.S. special representative for Afghanistan and Pakistan, has been publicly skeptical that the Taliban are ready to talk again.
Adam Goldman and Karen DeYoung contributed to this report.
Singapore - Begging is illegal here, under the island-nation's Destitute Persons Act, carrying a fine of up to $3,000 or imprisonment for up to two years for repeat offenders.
But Singapore's poor still can be found, often selling packets of tissues outside food centres. Or spending the night on benches near their jobs to save the transport fare home - they are commonly called "sleepers". Or collecting empty soft drink cans out of trash bins.
The poor have no place in Singapore's vaunted success story, but there are growing calls for one of the wealthiest countries in the world to acknowledge rapidly rising income inequality by setting an official poverty line. Hong Kong's recent decision to set a poverty line as a way to better identify and assist its poor has prompted a similar debate in Singapore's parliament.
A report to be formally released on November 11 says Singaporeans are not aware of the scale and depth of poverty. Meanwhile, a new public awareness campaign challenges citizens to try living on $5 for a day in a nation with one of the highest costs of living in the world.
But even as government spending on anti-poverty efforts is rising - assistance payments to the poor exceeded $100m Singaporean dollars for the first time last year, a nearly 45 percent jump from the previous year - business-minded Singaporeans are balking at the idea.
Some 105,000 households in Singapore - that's one in 10 family homes, or 387,000 people - earn an average monthly income of $1,323 and some 114,000 individual residents earn less than $805 a month, according to government data. That's despite the country's average per capita income of $52,305 a year, one of the highest in the world.
While Singapore has no official measure of poverty, the average household spends $1,250 a month for a four-person household on basic needs - food, clothing and shelter, says a two-year-old survey held by the Department of Statistics.
"In light of rising concerns about increasing inequality, and debate about the existence, extent and nature of poverty in Singapore, it is time for Singapore to join comparable developed nations in officially defining and measuring poverty," reads the report to be released Monday by Singapore Management University's Lien Centre for Social Innovation.
In the report, a team of researchers and policy experts say officially defining and measuring poverty will help to identify at-risk households and to measure the performance of efforts to lift people out of poverty.
The report cites two measures of inequality in Singapore. First, the period from 1998 to 2010 saw the real median income of employed residents in the bottom 20 percent fall by approximately 8 percent, while the income of those in the highest-earning quintile increased by 27 percent. Second, Singapore's Gini coefficient - which measures the degree of inequality within the country - increased between 2002 and 2012 at a rate that far outpaces the rest of the developed world.
"Rising inequality does not necessarily denote the existence of poverty. However, rising inequality combined with evidence of poverty indicates that the poor are being left further behind, and this appears to be what is happening in Singapore," reads the report.
Income inequality
Singapore does not have as high percentages of impoverished residents as those in the less developed world, and its poor tend to go unnoticed amid the country's steel-and-glass opulence. But researchers point to a growing inequality - it ranks 26th out of 136 countries for income inequality - and a high cost of living: In 2012, Singapore was the world's sixth most expensive country to live in, according to the Worldwide Cost of Living Survey 2013.
Yet Singapore's poor are largely hidden, in part because affordable public housing typically means a roof over the heads of the working poor and elderly poor. That helps to create an overall impression that poverty and homelessness may exist only negligibly, if at all.
Reflecting that view, a leading academic, Kishore Mahbubani, dean of the Lee Kuan Yew School of Public Policy, wrote in 2001: "There are no homeless, destitute or starving people in Singapore. Poverty has been eradicated, not through an entitlements program (there are virtually none) but through a unique partnership between the government, corporate citizens, self-help groups and voluntary initiatives."
The fact that many needy residents live in the shadows of a rich society prompted a new campaign to raise awareness about the poor in Singapore. Singaporeans Against Poverty, launched in October and organised by Caritas Singapore, a Catholic social action group, is intended to operate for three to five years.
"This is not a charity or donation drive. We want to set everyone thinking about the poor in Singapore. Who are they? Why are they in such a plight? How do they survive?" said Caritas Singapore advocacy committee chairman and member of parliament Laurence Lien. "We want to start a conversation. We invite everyone to move out of their comfort zones to join in this conversation."
Public service advertisements include videos showing everyday citizens making decisions about what to eat, what to wear, and how to spend money, with the tagline: "105,000 low-income families would gladly swap their problems with yours." There is a webpage with facts about income inequality and a planned online educational game.
The campaign also urges the public to participate in its $5 challenge, which is based on the statistic that some 387,000 Singaporeans only have about $5 a day to spend on food and transport per family member. Radio personalities have been enlisted to join the campaign and make on-air appeals for listeners to do the same.
The 'cliff effect'
Calls for Singapore to follow Hong Kong's lead prompted a debate in parliament in late October, where Chan Chun Sing, Minister for Social and Family Development, expressed the government's opposition to the idea. He said he worries a single measure would allow some needy people to fall through the cracks.
"In Singapore, we use broad definitions for the groups we seek to help, have clear criteria to identify and assess those in need, and tailored schemes to assist them," he said in a written reply. "A poverty line does not fully reflect the severity and complexity of the issues faced by poor families, which could include ill health, lack of housing or weak family relationships."
Chan added: "If we use a single poverty line to assess the family, we also risk a 'cliff effect', where those below the poverty line receive all forms of assistance, while other genuinely needy citizens outside the poverty line are excluded. Our assessment process is rigorous but also flexible to cater to the genuinely needy. Singaporeans who do not meet scheme criteria but who still deserve help, can receive assistance."
Singaporean bloggers were quick to criticise Chan's comments. "Chan's answer reinforces a general view about this government. They really do not want to provide social assistance," wrote Alex Au Waipang on his popular blog Yawning Bread.
"At heart they really do believe in trickle-down and little else. They only get into social assistance when they can't avoid it and a problem is staring them in the face."
Follow Tom Benner on Twitter: @tgbenner
Hillary Clinton is ready to talk about “what happened.” But if you want to hear her speak about it in person, you may have to spend some serious dough.
Starting next month, the former Democratic presidential nominee embarks on a tour across the United States and Canada to promote “What Happened,” her memoir about running against Donald Trump for president. And the price for access is a throwback to campaign fundraisers.
For $2,375.95 (or $3,000 in Canadian dollars), Clinton fans in Toronto can obtain a “VIP platinum ticket” for her Sept. 28 talk. That ticket includes two front-row seats, a photo with Clinton backstage and a signed book.
For the same price, VIP tickets are also available during Clinton's upcoming appearances in Montreal and Vancouver.
The steep ticket prices have not gone unnoticed in the publishing industry.
“It is standard for high profile authors to do book tours that sell tickets to events, but Clinton's tour takes it to a new level of greed,” an industry source told Fox News.
CLINTON BOOK REVEALS WHAT SHE WAS REALLY THINKING AT TRUMP DEBATE
But Simon & Schuster, the publisher of Clinton's book, defended the practice. A spokesman said Wednesday it is “customary for a venue to charge for tickets at events featuring high profile writers.”
“Tickets typically include a book,” Cary Goldstein, the executive director of publicity at Simon & Schuster, told Fox News. “Such was the case with tours for recent books by Megyn Kelly, Bob Gates, and any number of public personalities. Lecture venues have become a central component of book tours for public figures.”
General admission tickets to Clinton's events are offered, too, for a lower price than the VIP versions. In Toronto, all the $70.49 (or $89 in Canadian currency) tickets for Clinton's lecture already have sold out.
Ticket prices for Clinton's events vary, depending on the location. In Broward, Fla., they range from $50 to $375 a ticket for an Oct. 3 appearance.
For Clinton's Nov. 1 event in New York, VIP tickets are going for $750.
“This pay-for-access has all the political wisdom of doing another round of private speeches for Goldman Sachs, but as her book tour makes clear, at this point in her career all she cares about is cashing in,” the industry source said.
HILLARY CLINTON'S BOOK RELEASE HAS DEMS WORRIED, IRRITATED
Tickets -- especially the ones with VIP access -- to Clinton's events appear pricier than lectures with other major figures in the past.
Tickets to former Secretary of Defense Gates's first major book event in 2014 cost $30.
Clinton's book is set for release on Sept. 12.
Earlier this week, Simon & Schuster announced the first 15 cities Clinton will visit on her tour.
Her first appearance is Sept. 18 at the Warner Theater in Washington. The tour will take her through Canada as well as Florida, California, Michigan, Illinois, New York, Wisconsin, Georgia, Massachusetts, Pennsylvania, Washington state and Oregon.
Promoting the tour in a news release this week, the publishing house said Clinton will “connect with audiences with a story that's personal, raw, detailed and surprisingly funny.”
“Come join Hillary as she lets loose about her experience as a woman in politics, and other topics, in a way she never has before,” it said.
Wine drinkers who love a great bargain should take note of this award-winning brand that you can easily pick up on your next grocery shopping trip. The $6.96 bottle of red wine that won high honors over the summer is now available at 500 Walmart locations across the U.S.
When you think of fine wine, you probably don't consider the bottles you find on shelves at Walmart. Surprisingly enough, Decanter World Wine Awards named La Moneda Reserva's Malbec, a wine sold in the big box store, as its Platinum Best in Show back in June.
According to the Decanter World Wine Awards website, the wine competed against 16,000 other varieties from around the world in a blind taste test. La Moneda Reserva's Malbec is made by Asda, who is a subsidiary of Walmart. The brand's website describes the flavor as a mixture of "succulent juicy berries, freshly crushed black fruit, creamy vanilla yogurt and pepper spice."
240 global judges and wine experts were present for the wine-tasting. They were most impressed with the company's ability to combine value and quality, saying it was the type of wine "consumers all over the world are interested in."
These judges don't take these awards lightly. They only give them when they feel completely confident in the wine.
Over the summer, wine fans everywhere flocked to their local Walmart in search of the wine, making it difficult to find in stores or online. But there's good news: you can buy it We can only hope the company quickly replenishes Walmart's supply as soon as possible.
At the Store, Buy These 2 Items to Make Redneck Wine Glasses:
oembed rumble video here
From Supreme Court nominations to healthcare, it doesn't take a high IQ to figure out that nobody, in what is supposed to be our nation's most deliberative body, got the memo the American people sent in November. Do your job.
Today, Neil Gorsuch sat on the high court for his first day hearing cases as a justice of the Supreme Court, despite the petty politics going on in the Capitol.
The Democrat's recent decision to filibuster an eminently qualified Supreme Court nominee and force Republicans to employ the nuclear option to confirm Gorsuch is a perfect example of what can best be described as playground politics at its lowest, and if President Trump Donald John TrumpHouse committee believes it has evidence Trump requested putting ally in charge of Cohen probe: report Vietnamese airline takes steps to open flights to US on sidelines of Trump-Kim summit Manafort's attorneys say he should get less than 10 years in prison MORE and the new Republican-controlled Congress are going to deliver on their ambitious agenda then they should know there won't be any help from Democrats — they've taken their marbles and gone home.
ADVERTISEMENT
Gorsuch was about as qualified a candidate as you could find. There were no skeletons or smoking guns that emerged during his hearing; just an even-tempered, poised man. His only flaw? He was appointed by President Trump.
On the Rachel Maddow show in January, Rachel asked Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer Charles (Chuck) Ellis SchumerBrennan fires back at 'selfish' Trump over Harry Reid criticism Trump rips Harry Reid for 'failed career' after ex-Dem leader slams him in interview Harry Reid: 'I don't see anything' Trump is doing right MORE (D-NY) if there will be consequences for Republicans “stealing” a Supreme Court seat because they failed to consider Merrick Garland, whom President Obama nominated in March of 2016.
“It's hard for me to imagine a nominee that Donald Trump would choose that would get Republican support that we could support. So you're right,” he responded. “And so you will do your best to hold the seat open?” asked Maddow. “Absolutely,” Schumer said.
This is the same Sen. Schumer who in July 2007 said that no Supreme Court nominee from President Bush should be approved 19 months before the inauguration of a new president. “We should not confirm any Bush nominee to the Supreme Court, except in extraordinary circumstances," said Schumer.
It's baffling why Gorsuch is the battle they would pick, forcing the nuclear option to be invoked when, as early as this summer, there could be a second vacancy on the court. A vacancy that could actually shift the dynamic of the court, unlike the Gorsuch seat.
Playground politics.
The American people sent a clear message that what they care about is the hit their wallets are taking due to increased taxes over the last eight years, premium increases of 25 percent this year under ObamaCare, our national security, and the tremendous overreach into our freedoms and religious liberties under the last administration.
One out five general election voters told exit polls the Supreme Court was “the most important factor” in their vote for president, and 57 percent of those voters went for Trump. Understanding the next president would likely be responsible for appointing two, and possibly three, Supreme Court justices is what made conservatives, particularly evangelical conservatives who were uncomfortable with candidate Trump, comfortable enough to make him President Trump.
According to the Pew Research Center, 81 percent of white evangelical Christians voted for President Trump, and 58 percent of “protestant/other Christians” voted for President Trump. That's more than a Republican presidential nominee received since George W. Bush in 2004, when he garnered 59 percent of the “protestant/other Christian” vote, but only 78 percent of the white evangelical Christian vote.
If his first selection of Gorsuch is any guide, the next Supreme Court nominee under Trump will likely be a well-qualified individual who takes an originalist view of the Constitution and won't seek to rewrite it. It's unlikely they'll continue the severe overreach of the last eight years, but will work to protect constitutional rights such as our religious freedom instead of stripping it away.
But all signs point to Schumer continuing his playground pattern, now inexplicably tying needed reform to Trump releasing his tax returns. One has absolutely nothing to do with the other.
As for the Republicans, it appears they don't fully grasp that this election was different, either. They ran on repealing ObamaCare, as the program is literally in danger of collapsing, and the American people handed them the Senate, House, and White House. That, combined with having six years to figure out an affordable replacement and they still aren't able to get the job done.
Continuing to live in their little bubble and go about business as usual and engage in their own version of playground politics will no longer work. For many Americans the stakes have never been higher. Excuses and rhetoric no longer stand a chance. If Republicans fail to get to work they will find themselves out of work in the next election cycle.
People are tired of having their freedoms trampled on and their wallets hijacked. They want their elected officials in Washington to stop whining, get off the playground and do their job.
Lauren DeBellis Appell was a press assistant for Sen. Rick Santorum (R-Pa.) and deputy press secretary for his successful 2000 re-election campaign, as well as assistant communications director for the Senate Republican Policy Committee (2001-2003).
The views expressed by contributors are their own and are not the views of The Hill.
When people discuss the brilliant original programming offered on Netflix — shows like "House of Cards," "Orange Is the New Black" and "Stranger Things" — they conspicuously leave out a show that should be a part of the conversation.
"F Is for Family," an animated sitcom starring Bill Burr and Laura Dern and set in the early 1970s, is one of the best new shows out there, period. It's funny, smart and surprisingly touching. More importantly, it offers one of the most incisive insights into American working-class family life seen on any comedy program since "Roseanne."
Advertisement:
It's also, in its depiction of the economic insecurity of a working-class family, a perfect show for Pennsylvanians.
The show is set in the fictitious community of Ryetown, Pennsylvania (there is a Rye Township in the central part of the state, but it is much smaller than the community seen here), a nice change for natives of the state. The Keystone State, despite being the fifth most populous in the country with more than 12 million people, has been surprisingly underrepresented in our popular culture.
Indeed, aside from the Rocky movies, M. Night Shyamalan's oeuvre and the rap lyrics of Will Smith, Pennsylvania is usually associated with the bygone America of the Revolutionary War and Constitutional Convention, both more than two centuries past. Even the two most famous TV shows set in Pennsylvania rarely give off a distinctly "Pennsylvanian" vibe — "It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia" (which I love) is more about depravity than the City of Brotherly Love, and "The Office" is what would happen if you blended "Dilbert" with generic sitcom tropes (I'm less of a fan of that show).
But if you want to truly understand the economic mindset and hardships of Pennsylvanians, look no further than protagonist Frank Murphy (Bill Burr). When we're first introduced to Frank, he's employed at a local airport, first as a baggage handler and then as a manager. Although he is shown to be a flawed character in many ways, there is never any question that he works hard and does his job very well. As a conservative Republican (Murphy makes a passing reference to supporting President Richard Nixon), he naturally expects that his efforts will pay off and he'll continue moving up the corporate ladder.
Instead, because he has the audacity to ask the CEO to show compassion toward striking airline employees, he is fired at the end of the first season.
The second season picks up in the aftermath of Murphy's termination, as his sense of masculinity is threatened by the fact his wife Sue, a Tupperware salesperson, now supports the family. Although he eventually gets a new job stocking vending machines, it's clear that Frank — who still believes a man should wear the pants in the family — suffers from existential angst as well as financial woes over his sudden and drastic humiliation.
Advertisement:
These are the kinds of financial struggles and general disappointments that Pennsylvanians understand all too well in the 2010s.
Indeed, it's these struggles and disappointments that I suspect played a key role in Donald Trump's ability to flip the state to the Republican side in 2016, even though its electoral votes had gone to Democratic candidates since 1992.
There are plenty of studies that offer various reasons why Trump pulled off his Pennsylvania upset, but as someone who toured the Lehigh Valley asking ordinary voters about what motivated their decisions, I heard the same answer over and over again:
"We're losing jobs and Trump says he'll bring them back."
Advertisement:
Even beyond this single presidential election, the Pennsylvania psyche has been scarred by the memories of steel plants closed — in Pittsburgh and my hometown of Bethlehem — of manufacturers being laid off because faceless CEOs decided to ship their jobs overseas, of families crushed by unexpected poverty, of fathers emotionally destroyed by feelings of failure.
I won't spoil what happens with Frank Murphy and his employment situation, as the show's resolution of that plot thread at the end of the second season is so pitch-perfect that doing so would be criminal. Suffice to say that "F Is for Family" — which offers smart social commentary on a number of issues besides economics, from race and gender to bullying and living with learning disabilities — also contains a special message that is unique to, and explains a lot about, Pennsylvanians.
Suffolk County District Attorney Thomas Spota and one of his top aides have been indicted on charges that they obstructed a federal civil rights investigation into the beating of a handcuffed prisoner by a police chief. Greg Cergol reports.
What to Know Prosecutors say longtime Suffolk County DA Thomas Spota and one of his chief aides tried to cover up the beating of a man who was in custody
The December 2012 beating led to the conviction of Suffolk County Police Chief James Burke; he's serving nearly four years behind bars
Spota and the aide, Christopher McPartland, face a number of charges, including obstruction of justice
Suffolk County District Attorney Thomas Spota and one of his top aides have been indicted on charges that they obstructed a federal civil rights investigation into the beating of a handcuffed prisoner by a police chief.
Suffolk County District Attorney Thomas Spota and the chief of his anti-corruption bureau, Christopher McPartland, were named in an indictment charging them with obstruction of justice, witness tampering and other offenses related to the case against former county Police Chief James Burke.
Sources told NBC 4 New York they surrendered Wednesday afternoon. They were scheduled to appear in court later in the day.
The charges against Spota, 76, and McPartland, 51, relate to an FBI investigation that led to the conviction of former Suffolk County Police Chief James Burke.
Suffolk County DA Indicted
Thomas Spota and one of his top aides have been indicted on charges that they obstructed a federal civil rights investigation. (Published Wednesday, Oct. 25, 2017)
Burke is serving prison time for beating a handcuffed man for stealing embarrassing items from his SUV. He pummeled the heroin addict who had taken his gun belt, ammunition, a box of cigars and a bag containing sex toys and pornography, prosecutors said.
“While FBI agents were working to restore justice in a civil rights investigation, (the defendants) were conspiring to obstruct it,” William Sweeney, Jr., assistant-director-in-charge of the FBI's New York field office, said in a statement Wednesday.
In a pre-sentencing letter, prosecutors said "high-ranking officials" from other county agencies helped Burke silence potential whistleblowers after he pummeled a heroin addict who had taken his gun belt, ammunition, a box of cigars and a bag containing sex toys and pornography.
Officers subpoenaed by FBI agents investigating the 2012 beating were interrogated afterward about whether they had talked, prosecutors said. Unnamed co-conspirators had warned some that if they admitted wrongdoing, their union would not pay their legal fees, prosecutors said.
According to the indictment, Spota, McPartland, Burke and other police officers had numerous meetings and telephone conversations discussing the assault of "John Doe" and how to conceal Burke's role in the assault.
The defendants used their authority "to obstruct and attempt to obstruct the federal investigation by, among other means, using intimidation, threats and corrupt persuasion to pressure multiple witnesses, including co-conspirators, not to cooperate with the federal investigation, to provide false information, including false testimony under oath, and to withhold relevant information to prosecutors," the court paper said.
Drugs Found in Prison Cell of Ex-Police Chief
The disgraced Long Island police chief sentenced to prison last year in the beating of a handcuffed man who stole embarrassing items from the chief's SUV was found with Oxycodone pills in his prison cell, sources tell News 4. (Published Tuesday, May 9, 2017)
In a bail letter, Acting U.S. Attorney Bridget Rohde wrote that "the strength of the evidence in this case is overwhelming and consists of dozens of witnesses, including current and former members of the Suffolk County Police Department and Suffolk County District Attorney's Office, who will detail the assault of John Doe and the long-standing and far-reaching obstruction of justice conspiracy spearheaded by (the) defendants." She said evidence includes telephone call records, cell site records, police records, financial records, and photographs.
There was no immediate response to messages left Wednesday seeking comment from the men's attorneys.
A spokesman for the district attorney's office had no comment.
Spota, a Democrat, was elected 16 years ago and is not running for re-election.
Copyright Associated Press / NBC New York
Four people were killed and 11 others were wounded Sunday when a tourist was hit by an explosion in the Sinai Peninsula, close to the Taba border crossing with Israel.
Three of the victims were South Korean tourists, and the fourth was an Egyptian bus driver, Egyptian security officials said.
Follow Ynetnews on Facebook STRONG> and Twitter UL>
The officials said the source of the explosion was not clear, but they believe it was either a car bomb or a roadside bomb that was detonated by remote control. The Ansar Beit al-Maqdis terrorist group reportedly took responsibility for the blast.
Exclusive: Blast caught on tape ( )
X
Officials said the bus was carrying 33 South Korean tourists and had arrived at Taba from the ancient Greek Orthodox St. Catherine's monastery in central Sinai. In Seoul, the foreign ministry said in a text message that 31 passengers were from a church in Jincheon, in the country's Choongbuk Province, being led by a South Korean tour guide.
The wounded were treated in hospitals in Egypt, and across the border in the Israeli port city of Eilat, said the officials. Five of the passengers who were seriously wounded in the blast were being transferred for treatment at Yoseftal Hospital in Eilat.
However, Egyptian paper Al Youm Al Saab reported that Egypt refused to allow Israeli ambulances to enter the crossing to evacuate the Koreans.
The tourist bus hit in Sinai explosion
Egyptian security forces moved quickly to seal off all entry and exit points from Taba border in an attempt to catch the perpetrators.
"There is a small smoke cloud near the (border) fence, about 50 meters south of the border crossing," an eye witness said in the immediate aftermath of the blast.
Footage from site of blast (צילום: מאיר אוחיון, רויטרס)
X
Tourist bus explosion near Taba border crossing.
Related stories:
Emergency responders rushed to the scene of the explosion. Israeli police said they were preparing medics to treat any casualties from the explosion. On the Israeli side of the border, a fleet of ambulances was lined up to take the wounded.
"The event is happening on the Egyptian side, and we are making our preparations," an Israeli police spokesman said shortly after the blast.
Egypt has been rocked by political turmoil and violence since the army overthrew president Mohamed Morsi of the Muslim Brotherhood in July after mass protests against his rule.
Islamist militants based in the largely lawless Sinai peninsula near Israel have stepped up attacks on security forces since Mursi's downfall, killing hundreds.
Dozens were killed and over 150 people were wounded in a 2004 terror attack in the Taba Hilton Hotel in Sinai when a car bomb exploded at the entrance to the building. Thirteen of the dead and over a 100 of the wounded were Israeli.
Developers building multi-family homes in the city of Atlanta who receive public funds will now have to set aside up to 15 percent of their units for affordable housing.
Atlanta City Council passed an ordinance for more affordable housing in the city Monday night. The resolution was introduced by Atlanta City Councilman Andre Dickens.
Invest Atlanta currently requires developers to whom it grants tax breaks to set aside 10 percent of total units for individuals who make 80 percent of the area median income.
The ordinance that passed Monday night requires any developer receiving subsidies from a development authority to set aside 15 percent of units for individuals who make 80 percent of the area median income or 10 percent of units for lower-income residents — those who make 60 percent of the area median income.
In Fulton County, the median family income is about $67,500, according to the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development.
“Currently, Fulton County and DeKalb County development authorities don't have a written requirement for developers receiving public subsidy to provide a percentage of affordable units,” Dickens said. “I want balanced growth and equity across the city particularly if public funds are used.”
Officials with Fulton County's development authority have said they were waiting on the Atlanta City Council to pass an affordability law.
If a developer doesn't comply, the city will refuse to issue a certificate of occupancy for the building. The affordable housing units must also be similar in construction and appearance to the rest of the building.
“Housing is about people,” Dickens said. “We want diverse housing options for our diverse workforce.”
Deeper Affordability
As part of the new rules, rent for these new units will be capped at 30 percent of the tenant's monthly gross income.
Councilman Dickens said he introduced the ordinance looking for a “deeper level of affordability.”
The Atlanta Housing Authority (AHA) said it may be involved in project-based rental assistance if developers apply and said it expects families accepted into its tenant-based Housing Choice Voucher Program, previously known as Section 8, could become residents of any new properties built with affordable housing units in them.
“Although the AHA provides housing rental assistance to households earning up to 80 percent of the area median income, 95 percent of households served by AHA have household incomes at or below 50 percent of AMI [area median income],” said Jeff Dickerson.
He said 74 percent of households the AHA serves are extremely low-income, making less than 30 percent of the area median income.
Luxury Apartments
John O'Callaghan, president of the housing advocacy group Atlanta Neighborhood Development Partnership, said many developers building residences in the city of Atlanta would previously seek out tax incentives from Fulton or DeKalb County's development authorities.
That's because they did not require developers to set aside units for affordable housing. O'Callaghan said this new ordinance does close that loophole, but he wishes there was more deliberate discussion.
“If the city is providing tax incentives for developers, I wish we had not moved so quickly and could deliberate and do the math and look at how much of an incentive is the city of Atlanta [through development authorities] providing these developers of largely luxury apartments and then based on that how much could we ask for in return,” O'Callaghan said. “I'm concerned that even though they have the option of serving 60 percent or below of area median income families, they are not required to.”
O'Callaghan said most of the need in the city of Atlanta for rental units is from residents who make 60 percent or below the area median income.
He said he's hopeful council members will continue to do more for lower-income residents of the city who are being affected by the luxury apartment housing boom in the city.
“I don't think anyone is arguing this meets the housing needs for the city of Atlanta. Time is of the essence,” O'Callaghan said. “I thought this was a unique opportunity to do more.
“I'm also concerned the large number of luxury apartments being built across the city are raising the prices of the median apartment in the city, so we are seeing prices for apartments not only go up in this luxury market, but for middle-income and lower-income Atlantans. By providing incentives for developers of luxury housing that are renting at very high prices, I worry that we are lifting rental prices across the city.”
The ordinance passed 14-1. Councilman Howard Shook was the one dissenting vote.
About
Cribbage is a game of skill and tactics. But even more so, it is a game of family and friends.
That is why I made the FAMILY CRIBBAGE BOARD.
The Board
Cribbage is typically played on the same standard board found in every household, cabin, or bar. It's boring and plain. For a game that is usually played between family and is passed down through generations, I found it important to make something that represented this history.
The FAMILY CRIBBAGE BOARD started off as a project for a client, but quickly grew into something bigger. It meant people didn't have to hide the cribbage board on the shelf. It gives meaning to each game played. And it represents the family that taught you how to play.
The FAMILY CRIBBAGE BOARD is made to last:
Solid walnut construction (nearly an inch thick)
Pegs made from metal (brass, polished, black oxide steel)
Hand-rubbed finish (durable, yet classic)
Because it is made to last, this board can be passed down to the generations after you.
Every board is unique. The grain pattern and colours are never the same.
Great for christmas, housewarming, and birthday gifts.
Walnut has a natural deep brown tone with cream highlights.
The Pegs
The pegs are custom machined from solid metal to suit the board's classic style. They are heavy, durable, and conveniently stored in the peg holder located on the backside.
GOLD PEGS: brass
SILVER PEGS: polished steel
BLACK PEGS: black oxide steel
The Logo Option
If you have your own business or give out gifts to clients, what better way to leave a lasting impression than to have a custom made cribbage board with your logo in the center.
Since there is significant time involved with setting up the logo for the CNC machine, these boards are only available in 4 and 6 packs.
Almost any logo can be carved on the board and painted to match. However, some logos can prove difficult depending on the level of detail. You will be notified if your logo doesn't work. Likewise, only copyright-free logos will be accepted.
Logo option on the left, text option on the right
Background
I've been a woodworker for most of my life. My grandfather taught me at a young age how to respect the tools and the craft, and how to make things that are meaningful.
I carried his passion into my own life and became a high school woodworking teacher and started my own shop to make things for friends and family.
CNC machines became my tool of choice. I found the endless creativity and absolute precision to suit my style of woodworking perfectly.
50 of 55
USA TODAY Sports
When: Saturday, Oct. 11; 9 p.m. ET
Last meeting: Johnny Manziel had 470 yards of total offense and ran for two touchdowns as Texas A&M got a 33-yard Josh Lambo field goal as time expired to win 41-38 at Ole Miss last October.
What to watch for
Ole Miss (5-0, 2-0 SEC) must curb the joy and exultation of its big win over Alabama to focus on a very tough road game against an opponent that was humbled on the road and will be looking for redemption. The Rebels' 23-17 victory turned Oxford into a giant party last Saturday, but one win won't get the job done in the ultra-tough SEC West.
Mississippi got a very clean, calm performance from senior quarterback Bo Wallace, who threw three touchdown passes and had only his second interception-free game of the season. With Wallace clicking and the defense hauling in interceptions (Ole Miss is third nationally with 10 picks) it has the two things that can key a win in College Station.
Texas A&M (5-1, 2-1) was dominated by Mississippi State last week, with nothing going well after near perfection before that. Kenny Hill was intercepted three times, and the Aggies' young defense was exploited over and over again. The 5-0 start against teams that are 12-15 (with FCS Lamar's 4-2 mark the best of the lot) doesn't look as impressive anymore.
"A&M didn't forget how to play football overnight, but its fundamental problems will remain all year long," wrote Adam Jacobi of SB Nation. "And with games against Alabama, Auburn, Ole Miss and even offense-happy Mizzou remaining, it's difficult to see a path to 10 wins for the Aggies."
Getting Ole Miss at home, and right after such an emotional win for the Rebels, might be Texas A&M's best shot to right the ship. We can't say how the rest of the season will go, but the Aggies will pull this one out and keep the SEC West muddied.
Prediction: Texas A&M 38, Ole Miss 34
Final: Ole Miss 35, Texas A&M 20
Reps. Derek Kilmer (D-Wash.), Blake Farenthold (R-Texas) and Sens. Brian Schatz (D-Hawaii), and Ben Sasse (R-Neb,) jointly introduced legislation on Tuesday that would make government data more accessible to encourage new discoveries in the private sector. The OPEN Government Data Act would require that public data be accessible at Data.gov to ensure that individuals, organizations, and other government offices can access it.
“By embracing open data we can make government more responsive and helpful to everyday Americans,” Kilmer said in a statement. “Our bipartisan bill seeks to accomplish that by making open data standard practice. It also saves taxpayer money while giving innovators new tools to help fuel breakthroughs.”
“We're upending Washington's backwards approach to data,” Sasse said in a statement. “It's simple: government data should be made public unless an administration makes a compelling reason not to. Data transparency matters because democracy thrives with better information that helps keep government accountable to the Constitution.”
The measure would require the data on the website to be in a machine readable format and easily searchable.
The Data Coalition, a group representing the open data industry, supports the bill. “When government information is expressed as open data, it can be republished for better transparency outside government, analyzed for better management within government, and automated for cheaper reporting to government,” said Hudson Hollister, executive director of the Data Coalition, in a statement.
THERE'S something profoundly enchanting about the English landscape. Ancient rolling hills receding to infinity. Gnarly trees like sagacious, wizened old men, weathering time as they silently witness history. Seductive, ariot and vivacious, full of light and life. David Hockney captures some of this in his new show at the Royal Academy . Some of it he misses.Presenting over 150 works inspired by the Yorkshire countryside, "A Bigger Picture" is just that. Like his nemesis Damien Hirst , David Hockney enjoys scale. He likes to paint a very large landscape. So much so one feels it would be churlish not to revel in the grandiosity of it. "The Arrival of Spring in Woldgate, East Yorkshire in Twenty-Eleven" (pictured top) measures a staggering 365.8 x 975.4 cm, is made up of 32 canvases and is surrounded by more than 50 large-scale preparatory sketches composed on Mr Hockney's iPad and printed onto paper. This one painting fills the largest and grandest of all of the Royal Academy's many beautiful rooms. Once one's spoken of its magnitude, though, there isn't a great deal else to say, beyond the observation that this is a very nice painting full of lovely colours. Somehow, despite it all, that doesn't feel like quite enough.Most of the works on display were created in the last eight years. Fortunately, the show introduces us to its theme by way of Mr Hockney's very earliest landscapes. Now 74, the adored grandfather of British painting is as firmly established in the canon of art history as the unwavering purple-tree stump of "Winter Timber" (2009) is into the earth (pictured below). Back in the day, though, he was quite the wild thing. His early work has that elusive power, the raw edge of passion and urgency that circumnavigates the stultifying effects of the ego and the over-thinking mind and spills forth straight from the heart, opening itself to greatness.One of the first paintings we come across is "Ordinary Picture" (1964). As it happens, this is the least ordinary painting in the exhibition. Rather it is exquisite, ethereal in its handling of colour and form. This is Mr Hockney's palette at its most delicate, before the subtle tonalities of nature were bulldozed by the harshness of will. Rather than challenging nature, as his more recent work is wont to do, "Ordinary Picture" submits to it with humility. Perhaps then the title is a telling projection, an eloquent tribute to the pleasures of the everyday rather than a desire to transcend.From here the show begins to lumber forward, a marathon runner not quite prepared for the full distance. For this is a large show, very large indeed for a body of work spanning little more than eight years (though it includes a number of earlier landscapes dating from the 1950s). One wonders if the resources were quite sufficient for the task. But, “I'm rather confident,” says Mr Hockney in advance of the show's opening, “rather confident it'll be fresh as well, a lot of new things in it and a lot of new ideas about pictures, including television, including cameras.”Mr Hockney is keen to embrace technology, dedicating a whole room to nine and 18 screen videos of nature and, somewhat randomly, dancers in his studio. But this falls flat, an uninteresting documentary rejoicing in its own technical complexity at the expense of intellectual or poetic content. Similarly, the iPad sketches cry to the world that age is no obstacle to cutting-edge dynamism. The result is quite the opposite. The media is not engaged on its own terms, so its output is as jejune as the app that made it. In Mr Hockney's skilled hands a pencil or a box of watercolours would have done a far better job. But perhaps there wasn't the time for that.The work is segregated thematically: Tunnels, Hawthorn Blossoms, Trees and Totems, The Arrival of Spring and so on. Nature is clearly the theme here. But I can't help wondering whether the real theme is Mr Hockney's ego, with nature trailing in a poor second.This exhibition could have been outstanding if it had been in a space a quarter of the size, with an eighth of the content, produced over double the time. As it is I'm reminded of an insightful observation spoken by the artist himself: “We grow small trying to be great.”
Read more: David Hockney, national treasure
Labour's defeat in the 2015 election may have been as much of a function of demographics as anything much else. As I wrote earlier this week: “Britain is greying, and older people tend to be more conservative.”
If that's the case, then the deck will be stacked against Labour in 2020, and even more so after constituency boundary changes that will help the Tories and hurt Labour.
Still, the question that Labour members and supporters should be asking themselves is: which one of the candidates can beat the Tories in 2020?
As a political movement, only in power can you wield power. In opposition, you — and your supporters — are the earth in front of the steamroller of power.
That's not necessarily a call to reject Jeremy Corbyn, though. There are legitimate reasons to think that he might be the best choice on these terms.
My doubts about Corbyn begin with his portrayal as overly leftish. If Ed Miliband was perceived as too left wing for the British electorate in 2015, why would Corbyn — who is a good few swathes of territory to the left of Miliband — be right for an even greyer and more conservative Britain in 2020?
A second factor is that Corbyn is already on the defensive over alleged associations with anti-Semitic figures. I'm not in any way suggesting Corbyn is an anti-Semite — or wilfully associated with anti-Semites — but the tone of the conversation makes it look like a troubling factor in winning a general election against a hostile Tory press.
Furthermore, his conciliatory language toward such groups as Hezbollah, Hamas, Maduro's Venezuela and Vladimir Putin's Russia offers even more ammunition for the Tory press to use against him to portray as a dangerous choice for prime minister, just as they did to Ed Miliband. And that is the case even if his words were meant to open dialogue rather than endorse a particular set of views or policies.
And further, it would seem to split the Labour parliamentary bloc. The Tory press will ask the question: how can we expect him to lead the country when he can't even lead his own party?
Still, it is hard to ignore what Corbyn has stirred up in the leadership battle. It looks increasingly like what the SNP has managed to stir up in Scotland. Hundreds of thousands flocking to register as supporters. A genuinely optimistic alternative vision of the future. As George Monbiot writes in The Guardian: “Labour's inability to provide a loud and proud alternative to Conservative policies explains why so much of its base switched to Ukip at the last election. Corbyn's political clarity explains why the same people are flocking back to him.”
Monbiot quotes openDemocracy‘s Ian Sinclair comparing Corbyn to Margaret Thatcher, noting she was: “Divisive, hated by the press, seen by her own party as an extremist… [and] widely dismissed as unelectable. The Tory establishment, convinced that the party could win only from the centre, did everything it could to stop her.”
Corbyn is a conviction politician like Thatcher, with a vision of radical change. Corbyn's leadership election opponents aren't. They tend to advocate chasing after the electorate. That is not necessarily a stupid thing to do. It worked to get Blair and Cameron elected. But times change. Chasing after the electorate — and reinforcing Tory myths about the necessity of slashing the deficit, reducing immigration and reducing public spending — didn't work in 2015 for Labour. It just helped the Tories portray Labour as incompetent on their own terms. Corbyn won't re-inforce deficitphobe myths. He is a principled anti-austerian in a field that otherwise concedes the narrative almost entirely to the Tories. And his economic views have a good deal of credibility and support from economists.
In the end, I chose not to back Corbyn as Labour leader. It just looks to me like too much of an uphill struggle to win in 2020 — or earlier should Cameron's majority of twelve fall — from Corbyn's position. But I might be wrong. And I will be happy to see him elected Labour leader and given a chance to change the narrative.
Other stories in this month's Digest How Fast Are Semiconductor Prices Falling? Microprocessor unit (MPU) prices are declining faster than the Producer Price Index suggests, according to research into pricing practices over the last decade. After falling rapidly through the mid-2000s, the price of computer chips has declined very slowly in recent years according to the Producer Price Index (PPI). The slowdown is especially puzzling given the continuing rapid advances in semiconductor technology. In How Fast Are Semiconductor Prices Falling? (NBER Working Paper No. 21074 ), David M. Byrne , Stephen D. Oliner , and Daniel E. Sichel address this puzzle. The researchers focus on microprocessor units (MPUs), which account for about half of the semiconductors produced in the United States, and on pricing by Intel, the largest manufacturer of these chips. They determine that the matched-model procedure used to calculate the PPI for MPUs is not appropriate under the pricing regime that Intel adopted in the mid-2000s. That was when Intel began keeping the list prices of existing chips largely unchanged. Prior to 2003, the price of a particular Intel MPU model tended to drop fairly rapidly in the year or two following its introduction, especially once newer and faster models became available. By 2006, however, the posted price of a specific model tended to remain constant even after faster chips became available. This change in Intel's behavior could account for the disconnect between continuing improvements in MPU performance and the reported slow-down in price declines. While it may work well in many settings, the authors argue that the matched-model methodology that underlies the PPI generated biased estimates in the case of MPUs after the mid-2000s. In particular, when a chip's posted list price declines little if at all over its life cycle, the corresponding matched-model index will fall very slowly even if newly-introduced chips enter the market at greatly reduced, quality-adjusted prices. The authors suggest that hedonic indexes, such as one they develop that incorporates an end-user measure of performance to control for quality changes, provide a more accurate measure of price change since the mid-2000s. Their hedonic index of MPU prices tracks the PPI closely through 2004. However, from 2004 to 2008 their preferred index fell faster than the PPI, and this disparity grew after 2008. Between 2008 and 2013, for example, their preferred index fell at an average annual rate of 43 percent, while the PPI declined at only an 8 percent annual rate. The authors find that quality-adjusted MPU prices continued to fall rapidly after the mid-2000s, contrary to the picture from the PPI. Their results have important implications for understanding the rate of improvements in semiconductors, the pace of overall innovation, and, potentially, the U.S. economy more generally. They conclude that concerns that the semiconductor sector has begun to fade as an engine of growth appear to be unwarranted, and that in fact rapid advances have continued. However, the researchers note, their results raise a new puzzle. In recent years, the price index for computing equipment in the National Income and Product Accounts has fallen quite slowly by historical standards. If MPU prices have in fact continued to decline rapidly, why has this not been reflected in the price of computers? They suggest that the official price indexes for computers may be inaccurate, in part because of the challenge of identifying the relevant and likely changing characteristics that determine quality. The authors suggest that end-user performance measures like the one they develop to study MPUs could also help to improve the estimation of computer price indexes. — Matt Nesvisky The Digest is not copyrighted and may be reproduced freely with appropriate attribution of source.
ADVERTISEMENT:
By: Travis Allen
Sandwiched between PT Valencia and the soon-to-be largest constructed GP in history, we're firmly amidst a Modern frenzy. What's more, the PTQ season is on the horizon with players and the market alike keenly aware of its approach. Today I'm not going to tell you what Modern cards to buy and which ones to sell. (It's all of them and none of them.) Next week after Grand Prix Richmond we can chat about that, since it will be another five weeks before another major Modern event. Instead, I'm going to give you a little insight into this corner of the market as a whole in this particular time period.
Modern prices probably feel like they're going crazy right now. Snapcaster Mage is $35+. Cryptic Command, a Modern Masters rare, is $50. Tarmogoyf is making a move towards $200. The numbers just keep climbing, and a lot of people are irritated about it. It really struck me Sunday when I watched people 1-for-1 Bayous, as in the Revised dual land, for Misty Rainforests. The duals weren't in NM shape, and the guy trading away them away was probably giving up a little bit of value, but still. Think about that. Bayou and Misty Rainforest may not quite be on even ground, but Misty and Scalding Tarn are actually worth more than half of the duals.
We learned what was in Jace vs Vraska last week, so between now and early June there are only two non-Standard products whose contents we do not know. The remaining Standard set doesn't really count because so many of the cards we care about can't be printed in Journey into Nyx. We aren't going to see Fetches suddenly appear, or Goyfs, or Liliana of the Veil, or any of that stuff. The only place any of that can go between now and June is the Modern event deck and Conspiracy.
ADVERTISEMENT:
We know absolutely nothing about the event deck right now except that it will be $75. Given Wizard's track record with these decks, it will be locally-competitive and solid value for its cost. Keep in mind that they would have assembled and priced these things months ago, well before some of these numbers hit the heights they have. It's possible they will have a street value of twice their MSRP. That sounds like it may crush the value of the cards contained within, but I wouldn't expect it to be quite that drastic. First of all, it's only going to have a handful of especially valuable cards in it. Second of all, while they may claim it's not a limited release, their idea of “plentiful” is different than most consumers. Most of my LGS seem to sell out of the decent event decks every time, and I don't recall ever seeing one at a Target. That also assumes that the LGS is selling it at MSRP, which plenty won't.
As per the contents, at this point it's anyone's guess. Since the first big Modern-related event to occur after the announcement of the event deck was the unbanning of Bitterblossom, people assumed it would be B/W tokens. Their logic is that WOTC wouldn't unban BB without releasing more copies into the wild, and it's a solid tier two strategy that is a little off the radar, fun to play, and could use some reprints. The internet at large sounds as if they've basically made up their minds that it's BW tokens. I am less convinced, but it doesn't matter all that much anyways. There is likely to only be a single copy of one or two platinum cards, so unless you happen to have gone super deep on one of those, you should remain relatively unharmed.
Conspiracy is the other big question mark, and it's one heck of a question mark indeed. It's the second stand-alone draft set ever as far as I know, with the first having been Modern Masters last summer. When we got the name of that one it was pretty obvious what direction it was going to take in terms of what cards to expect, but Conspiracy is a total black box. The best information we have is the two spoiled cards and the banner art.
ADVERTISEMENT:
The setting appears to be Ravnica-esque, although the outfits are pretty unique: Wizened goblin/troll, 19th century pirate, victorian assassin, ethereal undead king, and Orzhovy robes. I would say nothing is truly off the table, but I think heavily flavored cards such as Spellskite or Vendilion Clique may not fit, while more generic creatures like Restoration Angel could work. I doubt Wizards is intending for this to be a Modern-relief set though, so don't expect a slew of reprints.
Those two pieces of product are all that stands between us and the most expensive cards not on the reserved list in Magic's history. Some seem to think that there is no way Wizard's will let this PTQ season come and go with the rampant, drastic rise in prices that we're seeing. It's their baby format, and they don't want it to become as inaccessible as Legacy, right? Surely we'll see reprinted in considerable volume between now and the summer that will keep this all sane.
I've got news for those folks: it isn't happening. Even if Modern staple X is in one of these two products, there is not going to be nearly enough supply to moderate its price in any meaningful capacity. And what about the other hundreds of cards that don't get reprinted in the interim? Even if they put fetches in every box of Cheerios, Cryptic Commands are still going to be $50.
Here's what I think happened: Wizards underprinted Modern Masters so as to avoid a second Chronicles. I'm happy they didn't go overboard. It's in both of our best interest for them not to saturate the market with those cards. Much safer to underprint than overprint. I don't think that they appropriately modeled demand however, and are finding themselves with their metaphorical pants around their ankles in terms of secondary market prices this year. Consider the original Commander's Arsenal. They printed what they expected would be a semi-desirable product and ended up publicly apologizing for how expensive the sealed product became. There's a lot of precedence for Wizards releasing too little, and very little for releasing too much.
The guys and gals at WOTC aren't sitting around thinking “look at these silly prices on Tarmogoyf, just wait until they see what we put in Conspiracy!” No, I think they're hunkering down and preparing for what may internally be considered one of the most poorly handled PTQ seasons in recent memory. “Weathering the storm” is an expression that comes to mind. They're likely scrambling to let off the pressure as best as they can for next year, probably in the form of Modern Masters 2, but for the time being they're just hoping cards don't get as expensive as, well, as they are now.
Prices are going nuts, there's nothing in the pipeline to stop it, and Wizards can't react fast enough to fix it. This summer is going to see the most brutal prices in Magic's history for quite some time.
What's this mean for all of us? Well, it means nobody should be trading or selling their Modern product right now. Those few extra Kiki-Jiki's you have lying around? Take them out of your binder, put them aside at home, and wait until June. On the fence about buying that playset of Snapcasters you want? Buy them, and buy them today. If a guy at the store is selling Spellskites for cheap and you have a few extra bucks, don't feel bad about picking them up just to resell later.
This is truly a bull market, with no letting off ahead of August. The growth is real, the prices are real, and your window to act is closing fast. It won't be permanent, but in the next five months It's going to be one hell of a rising tide.
All of this only matters through the summer though. Once we're on the other side of this PTQ season it's going to be a drastic change. The next season will feel far away indeed. We'll have a plethora of product ahead to increase supply, and more importantly, we'll be in the timeframe at which point WOTC could have seen what was going on and started putting plans into place to help control the market with reprints. I'll be very surprised if we don't see Modern Masters 2 of some sort next year, so holding Modern staples past the PTQ season will be a real minefield. The takeaway here is that you should sell everything except those cards which you wouldn't be upset about losing value on.
In the meantime though? Go hog wild.
ADVERTISEMENT:
Say goodbye to that slimy layer in your pet's water bowls!
Super Collies know the difference
Clean water is essential
Most pet owners are familiar with the hard to clean slime that forms on bowls. Who has time or enjoys scrubbing out that bacteria ridden bio-film, whose primary function is to protect and glue microbes to the surface? A slime that has evolved to be as hard to wash away as possible.
It was observed centuries ago that water contained in copper vessels or transported in copper conveyance systems was of a higher quality. These systems didn't develop a slime layer. This was due to the oligodynamic effect. The oligodynamic effect is an inherent property of copper but not stainless steel or ceramic. We are the only unlacquered bowl with this property.
Testimonials
"Bailee loves his new bowl. It looks really nice too. He won't use his other bowl now"
"I am enjoying! Phoebe loves it!"
"Loving my shiny new water bowl!"
"They are so pretty in person! The sizes work great. The small one is perfect for my two puppies and water and the big one is great size for the dad dog"
"The bowls are absolutely beautiful and Henry is enjoying it (and I'm enjoying that he can't tip it!)"
"My cats love [the 16 oz no tip]. I feel it keeps the water colder. Good for the summer."
"This bowl is seriously awesome! I have had mine for about a month and only wash it because I feel like I should. My previous water bowls would grow bacteria in a matter of days, so I was always scrubbing them clean, but not anymore!"
Product details
Stainless steel above, copper plated stainless steel CuBowl below
We'll be making bowls in two styles: regular and non-tip. Our video and photos feature the 16 oz non-tip, 24 oz regular, and 64 oz non-tip bowls. We recommend the non-tip version unless you are ordering the giant sized bowls or have a feeding station for which you would like new inserts.
Our bowls are copper plated on top of a stainless steel core. We chose this style primarily for affordability purposes and the strength/weight ratio of steel compared to the others. We have ensured the electroplated copper layer's thickness is sufficient to ensure the durability of your new CuBowl. As well, a recent scientific paper concluded that “electroplated copper surfaces killed bacteria more rapidly than either polished copper or native rolled copper”.
Large CuBowl
You'll need an HTML5 capable browser to see this content. Play Replay with sound Play with
sound 00:00 00:00
CuBowls in the sun
Click this picture to see more pictures on our instagram!
Safety and Care Instructions
Copper CuBowls are for water only. Copper is safe for water but Copper Cubowls are not meant for food use. The bowls are not lacquered and acidic substances, such as certain dog foods, could leach copper. Municipal water is never acidic, as it would ruin water pipes. Copper Cubowls will have “Water Only. Not Safe for Food” printed on their bottoms .
Copper is safe for water but Copper Cubowls are not meant for food use. The bowls are not lacquered and acidic substances, such as certain dog foods, could leach copper. Municipal water is never acidic, as it would ruin water pipes. . Did you know that copper has long been the standard and premium material for water piping into our homes? The earliest known copper water piping was found in the Indus River Valley and is approximately 6000-7000 years old. The ancient Egyptians built copper pipes in pyramids. The Romans used copper for stopcocks, valves, pumps, and other fittings. Copper piping is still used extensively in new construction today. Unlined copper vessels are commonly used in jam, candy, and beer making among other food and beverage uses.
that copper has long been the standard and premium material for water piping into our homes? The earliest known copper water piping was found in the Indus River Valley and is approximately 6000-7000 years old. The ancient Egyptians built copper pipes in pyramids. The Romans used copper for stopcocks, valves, pumps, and other fittings. Copper piping is still used extensively in new construction today. Unlined copper vessels are commonly used in jam, candy, and beer making among other food and beverage uses. According to the Ayurveda, a system of preventive medicine and health care that developed in India more than 5,000 years ago, water stored in a copper vessel has the ability to balance all the three doshas in your body.The water stored in a copper vessel is known as ‘tamara jal',and is supposed to be consumed after residing in a copper vessel for at least eight hours.
Copper is an essential part of all cats' and dogs' diet. Copper is needed for the development of red blood cells and the formation of collagen, bone and connective tissue among other important functions. In the US, dog food must contain a minimum of 7.3mg of copper per kg of food to be marketed as “complete and balanced”. Many pet food manufacturers fortify their products with supplemental copper. For comparison, the average leach rate for 1 kg of copper in a water rinse is 0.387mg per week. The amount of copper that leaches into water is far less than the legally required minimum amount of copper in "complete and balanced" dog and cat food. Our main competitor, stainless steel, leaches a tiny amount of chromium and nickel into water.
Bowls that are severely scratched, tarnished, or otherwise deformed or damaged should be repaired or replaced.
Copper and Silver are known for their high thermodynamic stability and resistance to reacting with the environment but, very slowly, copper and silver items tarnish. To remove tarnishing, we recommend polishing your CuBowl once every 6-8 weeks or as needed. This can be simply done by combining a mixture of 3-4 tablespoons of lemon juice with 1 tablespoon of baking soda and rubbing down your Cubowl, before polishing off with a clean cloth. Copper that has turned green is toxic and bowls with veridgras should not be used, however it typically takes 15-20 years of neglect for copper to develop verdigris.
According to an expert in copper disease, the two dangers of copper are that it leaches when exposed to acids, and toxic salts that develop if copper is allowed to tarnish to the point that they develop a green patina. According to experts such as Dr. Herbert Scheinberg these are the two potential dangers of copper vessels, and if they are avoided then copper doesn't pose any health risks.
Bowls that are visibly tarnished should be polished and washed out before use as tarnishing can increase copper leaching. Cold water considerably slows down copper tarnishing. The corrosion rate of copper in most potable waters is less than 2.5 µm/year.
Dogs that have Copper Storage Disease should not use Cubowls. Copper storage disease is a recessive autosomal hereditary disease common in bedlington terriers. Pets that have any medical condition that requires them to lower their intake of copper should not use a Cubowl.
CuBowls are hand wash only. You will find it very easy to clean and rinse out your pet bowl when it doesn't have bacteria glued to all over the inside!
Additional information
Medium Regular CuBowl
Many pet owners believe that stainless steel or ceramic bowls are a healthier choice for their pets as compared to plastic, because they harbor less bacteria. It is commonly known that bacteria on the lip of a bowl can cause pet acne. Many pet health specialists agree that shared bowls are possible transmission vectors for diseases such as kennel cough, canine Papilloma Virus, Feline Calicivirus, and others. A recent scientific paper has recommended copper be used to help stop the spread of respiratory diseases.
Scientific consensus has been reached on copper, silver, and golds inherent antimicrobial property and this is easily demonstrated. On stainless steel, microbes such as e.coli can survive for weeks. Studies have shown that solid copper destroys over 99.9% of certain bacteria within 2 hours of surface contact. Within six hours of inoculation, 50% of infectious adenovirus particles survived on stainless steel. In the same time frame, a solid copper surface inactivated 99.999% of adenovirus particles.
Bacteria Plating Test
We performed an experiment plating out the bacteria in a CuBowl after a week of use and a standard bowl after four days of use. We sampled both after filling them with an equal volume of water and then scraping the sides with a collection flask.
Left: A bacterial lawn formed from both standard bowl samples. Too many bacteria to count Right: One CuBowl sample had zero viable bacteria. The other had a small amount of viable bacteria, approximately 1500 CFU per ml
Anecdotal observations
We have brought Cubowls out to several different different pet events recently and are grateful to have received lots of positive feedback. Many people have told us the same thing; that their dogs normally will not drink out of communal water bowls and that they are shocked they went right for the CuBowl! We have found that dogs truly do tend to prefer the CuBowl over stainless steel and plastic.
Not just for cats and dogs! Our friend's rabbit was given a CuBowl as an experiment, she was used to drinking her water from a bottle on the side of her pen; but since we placed a small non-tip CuBowl in her pen, it is evident she much prefers it as it is the only thing she uses now!
These bowls are great. You expect your pet bowl to be slimy because that's what your used to dealing with; rinsing out and filling up your pet bowls will never frustrate or make you feel guilty again!
Alternatively, many people have fallen in love with the CuBowl solely for it's elegant and classy design; if you decide to support this project, be prepared to receive many compliments on your latest home decor accessory!
Sizing Information:
Supporters are clicking on a new e-petition for the man whose brilliance underlies the laptops, mobiles and computer world which we often take for granted
An e-petition to the Government to end the long if now somewhat theoretical disgrace of Alan Turing is rapidly gathering signatures after only a few days.
More than 3000 people have signed the appeal for an official pardon for the brilliant scientist whose work in Manchester was instrumental in the creation of today's computer world but ended in tragedy after his conviction for gross indecency because he was actively gay.
Turing has been rehabilitated in almost every other sense, in a society very different from that of 1952, but that makes letting his conviction stand seems all the more perverse. Campaigners hope that success with the e-petition, which will trigger a debate in Parliament if it collects 100,000 signatories, will act as symbolic contrition to other men treated in the same way.
Turing's academic career was the stuff which normally earns knighthoods and honorary degrees, from decoding work at Bletchley Park during the Second World War to his celebrated period in the computing laboratory at Manchester University from 1948, leading a team which set the pace for computer development for the next three decades.
Although his genius was recognised in his lifetime, with fellowship of the Royal Society and an OBE, his conviction lost him his security clearance and ruined his career. Always something of an outsider, he had been given a report as a teenager at Sherborne school which warned that his public school education would be wasted if he insisted on being purely a 'scientific specialist.'
Next year sees the centenary of his birth and has been designated Alan Turing Year, with an international programme organised by a committee of scientists and others chaired by Prof Barry Cooper of the School of Mathematics at the Leeds University. He says:
A pardon from the Government in the centenary year of Turing's birth would be warmly welcomed by his family, friends, colleagues and those in the scientific community who have benefitted from the foundations he laid. His work in computer science and mathematical logic remains relatively unknown to the wider public, despite the prevalence of everyday devices based on it. We hope that this petition and the year-long celebrations planned in 2012 will raise awareness and cement his place as one of the great scientists.
Turing was found dead from cyanide poisoning at his home in 1954, two years after his conviction and a sentence which obliged him to undergo hormonal treatment intended to reduce libido. An inquest concluded that he had committed suicide.
Many years later, honours have been piled on him, including statues, the annual Turing Award which is computing equivalent of a Nobel, and the widely-used title of the Father of Computing. A previous e-petition prompted an official apology from the then Prime Minister, Gordon Brown in September 2009. He said:
Thousands of people have come together to demand justice for Alan Turing and recognition of the appalling way he was treated. While Turing was dealt with under the law of the time and we can't put the clock back, his treatment was of course utterly unfair and I am pleased to have the chance to say how deeply sorry I and we all are for what happened to him. So on behalf of the British government, and all those who live freely thanks to Alan's work I am very proud to say: we're sorry, you deserved so much better.
But the conviction still stands. The link to the e-petition is above, or you can sign it here.
Interview With Satoshi Tajiri - Page 2
TIME: Are all the goofy-sounding names important for Pokémon's success?
Tajiri: What's more important is that the monsters are controllable by the players. It could be the monster within yourself, [representing] fear or anger, for example. And they are put in capsules. Plus, everybody can give them their own names. Pikachu is like the name of the species. But each player can name their own Pikachu. So kids can relate to it more. They get more attached to them that way.
TIME: Did you name all those beetles and spiders and bugs?
Tajiri: No. I had a cat, though. I wanted to name the frogs, because I watched them grow, but there were too many.
TIME: Are the Pokémon names related to those insects?
Tajiri: Yeah. Like Nyoromo [Poliwhirl in the U.S.]. It looks like a tadpole. There's little whirls on it because I remembered that when you pick up a tadpole, you can see its intestines because it's transparent.
TIME: Do the names mean anything or are they just gibberish?
Tajiri: They all have meaning. Like Nyarth. It's from a Japanese proverb about a cat with money on his head that doesn't know it's there. It's about understanding the value of money. I don't think they have that concept in the U.S., so the name is different. And Pikachu. 'Pika' is the sound Japanese say an electric spark makes. And 'chu' is the sound a mouse makes. So Pikachu is like an electric mouse.
TIME: None of the monsters is really evil. So how do you know if one of them is with you or against you?
Tajiri: Think of it like this. If a horse runs over you and you die, then the horse is bad. But if you're riding the horse, the horse is your ally. So, if you have a monster in your collection, then it's considered good. But if not, it's still not considered bad, because it could be your friend one day.
TIME: What's the story with Mew? Some kind of secret character?
Tajiri: Yes, this was done on purpose. Mew was not originally included in the games for people to acquire. You had to get it from interacting with Game Freak or Nintendo. There were 150 characters, and Mew was number 151. You can't ever get a Mew without trading for it. It created a myth about the game, that there was an invisible character out there. Someone gives me Mew, then I give Mew to you, then you pass it on. Introducing a new character like that created a lot of rumors and myths about the game. It kept the interest alive.
TIME: The main human guy is named Satoshi. That's your name. Is he your alter ego?
Tajiri: Basically, he's me when I was a kid.
TIME: His main rival is named Shigeru. That's the first name of Miyamoto, the famous game designer at Nintendo who did Donkey Kong, Super Mario Bros. Do you consider him your rival?
Tajiri: No! I really look up to Miyamoto-san. In the TV series, Shigeru is Satoshi's master. In the game, they are rivals. Shigeru is always a little bit ahead of Satoshi.
TIME: Does Satoshi ever catch up with Shigeru?
Tajiri: No! Never!
TIME: Have you caught up with Miyamoto-san?
Tajiri: I think very highly of him. I'd memorize each piece of advice he gave.
TIME: But Pokémon is more popular than anything Miyamoto-san has done. Hasn't the student passed the teacher?
Tajiri: No, because Pokémon was made with Miyamoto-san's advice. Since I was a teenager, playing Donkey Kong, he's always been my role model. He's a mentor for my heart.
TIME: You know what Miyamoto-san said? He said, half-jokingly, that Pokémon wouldn't stay popular forever because he was developing a new version of Mario Bros.
Tajiri: Is that what he said?
TIME: Did the Nintendo people expect Pokémon to be such a big hit?
Tajiri: Not at first. They didn't expect much from the game. Game Boy's popularity was declining. Just when I finished the game and took it to Nintendo, I felt like a baseball player who slides into second base even though you know you're going to be out--but then it turns out you are safe.
TIME: You really thought Nintendo would reject it?
Tajiri: Always. I was told they couldn't really understand the concept of the game.
TIME: A lot of people blame violence in video games for violent things young people do, especially in the U.S. Do you feel guilty about that?
Tajiri: In Japan, violence in games is pretty much self-regulated. In the 1980s, there was a game called Bullfighter where the matador stabbed the bull and red blood squirted out. The day after it was released, they changed the blood to green. There's more violence in games in the U.S., in things like Mortal Kombat, where they rip out hearts and cut off heads. Japanese people wouldn't come up with ideas of blood splattering all over. Japanese focus more on the intricacies of the actions, the motion.
TIME: The TV people in the U.S. were worried about violence in Pokémon. Can you believe that?
Tajiri: I'm very careful about violence in games. I'm not interested in creating violent effects.
TIME: It seems like role-playing games are more popular in Japan than the U.S. Why's that?
Tajiri: Well, one reason is that back when we had arcade games only, they cost 100 yen for one game. I think in the U.S. it was always [much cheaper at] 25 cents. So 20 years ago we thought it was very expensive, but when role-playing games were introduced in Japan, it was revolutionary because once you bought the software, no matter how many times you played, it was free.
TIME: So Japanese game designers aren't making violent games?
Tajiri: No, they make them. But only to sell in the U.S.
TIME: Still, American kids like Pokémon, even without the blood.
Tajiri: I was really careful in making monsters faint rather than die. I think that young people playing games have an abnormal concept about dying. They start to lose and say, "I'm dying." It's not right for kids to think about a concept of death that way. They need to treat death with more respect.
TIME: Well, there's a preacher in the U.S. who says Pikachu is the devil.
Tajiri: I never heard of that! [Laughs] I heard there was a guy who criticized [kid's book character] Harry Potter because of the magic. But I saw the author, and she seemed really nice. The critic seemed like a grouchy mean guy.
TIME: What do you think about that weird incident in Japan in 1997, when 700 kids had seizures while watching Pikachu's blinking lights on the Pokémon TV show?
Tajiri: When I was a kid, I was taught to sit far away from the TV while watching. Then TVs got bigger. That was O.K. in the U.S., because you have big rooms. But in Japan, the rooms are small. So people got in the habit of watching TV close to the screen.
TIME: Is it a good idea for kids to spend so much time playing Pokémon?
Tajiri: I think a lot about kids and what they need and want to make their lives better. You know, to cram school industry started when I was young. There was so little time to play. During school breaks, we'd run to the arcade to play games. Right now, there isn't much time for kids to relax. So I thought of games that could help kids fill in those five- or 10-minute gaps.
Can you make your own pickup out of a wall wart plug in under five minutes and less than $2?
Yes, it can be done! I saw a clip on YouTube a while ago where someone made a pickup from pieces of a plug, so I thought I'd give it a try. The method described in the video is a bit dangerous, including separating the metal plates from the coil (I stabbed myself with a screwdriver attempting to do so), so here's a safer, faster way.
If you don't already know, pickups are made with electric magnets. The string vibrations interfere with the magnetic field around the pickup, and that sound is transferred to your amp. Don't worry, this is about as technical as I'll get for this part, but it's pretty neat how it works.
Note: See the sidebar article below on the live-rig secrets of several pro cigar box guitarists.
In terms of parts for this project, here's your recon mission:
• One wall wort plug. You know those big, clunky plugs that seem to be on just about everything nowadays. I suggest scoping out your local thrift store for one. That way, you don't destroy a plug you might need later. I picked up some for 50 cents. Yep!
• Three or four (depending on how many strings you have on your CBG — cigar box guitar) Rare Earth Neo Neodymium disc magnets. I used a N35 12mm-by-3mm magnet I got on eBay for less than 40 cents.
• Some bits of wire and solder
• 1 1/4-inch jack
Tools you'll need
• Proper safety gear, including work gloves and protective glasses
• A hammer
• Soldering Iron
The photo gallery below will walk you through the steps to make your own pickup in under five minutes (and less than $2). Note that if you use this pickup in your CBG, you should probably cut hole the size of the metal plates so only the plates will be exposed above the guitar body, leaving the coils hidden under the top of the box. Also, make sure to ground your negative wire to your bridge to prevent unwanted noise.
Check out the videos below of testing out our DIY guitar pickup. Also Elmar Zeilhofer of The Original-Flatpup made one as a test video as well from one he made (He separated the coils on his DIY pickup).
SIDEBAR: RIGS OF SEVERAL PRO CIGAR BOX GUITARISTS
Let me talk about the gear some cigar box guitar artists used at this year's Pennsylvania Cigar Box Guitar Festival.
I had a chance to talk to Glenn Kaiser, Shane Speal and Justin Johnson. Playing a cigar box guitar for a gig can be tricky. Cigar box guitars have a great lo-fi sound, but playing them cranked up can create problems with feedback. Here are the amplifiers and effects they prefer.
Glenn Kaiser (Former frontman of REZ Band & Kaiser/Mansfield)
Amp: ”Trimmed & Burnin' Spanky model mostly (a small, 3-watt amp with a Weber speaker) and an original Pignose. I have a lot of amps, but at this point, those two."
Effects: “For non-cigar box or found-object guitars, I always use a Korg tuner and a Blackstone Appliance Mosfet Overdrive. For CBG's, I usually prefer a small amp cranked.”
Most of Kaiser's live cigar box guitars are loaded with piezo buzzer pickups, giving him a more acoustic tone. However, he gets some extra buzz, grind and distortion from the Trimmed & Burnin' tube amp.
Shane Speal
Shane was kind enough to send us a photo of his live rig. Check it out in the photo gallery below.
• As for his gear: homemade electric stomp board; provides percussion for Speal's show. It's just a couple pieces of plywood sandwiched together with a large piezo disc inserted in the middle. The piezo acts as a contact mic.
• Pre-amp for the stomp board. Speal used an inexpensive acoustic guitar preamp/EQ that is attached to the piezo so he can control the tone of hs stomp board.
• An old Ibanez digital delay set for slapback echo only
• Arion Octave pedal: Used sparingly in concert, usually during his one-string diddley bow songs or when he wants to kick into a total funk-infused fury.
• Fender tuner
• Jay Turser Classic 25 amp. Although it's covered with tweed and sports a classic radio wooden face, this amp is just a cheapo solid state. “It has reverb, distortion and a goofy tremolo,” Speal says. “What more do you want?” Speal bought it on eBay for $85.
Justin Johnson
Amp: “Fender Blues Jr. When I am performing with cigar box guitars, I prefer to keep as much of the natural tone of the CBG as possible. There is something about the tone you get from the cigar box that really distinguishes itself from the electric guitar. They sound more open and unrestrained than a solid-body and more guttural and swampy than a standard semi-hollow."
Effects: “I generally just use a little reverb or some light overdrive before going into my Fender Blues Jr. It's also a good a idea to have an EQ pedal on hand to make minor adjustments to the volume and tone when necessary.”
ONE LAST DOSE OF CIGAR BOXES...
You all know I couldn't write one of these with out letting you hear some tunes. Below is a clip I put together of Shane Speal preforming a version of “Personal Jesus” at this year's Speal's Tavern Guitar-b-Que. The photos are from The Cigar Box Guitar Museum in New Alexander, Pennsylvania, inside Speal's Tavern. More on the Guitar-b-Que and Speal's Tavern along with making winding our own single coil cbg pickup, next time ...
A big thanks to Glenn Kaiser, Shane Speal, Justin Johnson, Elmar Zeilhofer, Original-Flatpup and Speal's Tavern for being a part of this.
Stay tuned ... It's going to get loud!
Brian Saner owns Saner Cigar Box Guitars, which makes custom handmade guitars and amps using local dry-aged wood in every guitar. These guitars are handmade and might have imperfections, but that's what makes them unique. Once you hear the howl of a CBG, you might not want to play a Fender or Gibson again. Get one at sanercigarboxguitars.com, devildownrecords.com/guitars and Main Street Gallery. Check out his Facebook page.
Having gone over how the deadlines work and what we expect from comic submissions, I'll now talk about the submission process itself. Since you're going to be emailing us for the deadlines, here's what what expect in the emails.
Subject Line:
Be professional. Use this template: [ISSUE RELEASE DATE] SUBMISSION - [COMIC NAME] BY [AUTHOR/AUTHORS]
Example: November 2016 Submission - Sprite by Oruguin
Avoid: My submission / Here's my comic / I like comics / etc.
Email Content:
Be straightforward. Hit these points:
Introduction: Hello, my name is… I am sending in COMIC NAME. My collaborator is/I'm working alone. This comic is a one-shot/ongoing and is X pages long. The basic gist of the comic is…
The Submission: I've zipped up the storyboards/attached the script to this email.
Contact info: Info: My site is… You can contact me over email/this website.
More on Submissions:
Earlier I talked about what we'd like to see from submissions. I'll give some examples now from comics we've run in the past.
For a team collaboration, you can take a look at we received for Mouth by Schwarbage and Pal-el.
-> Script Concept Art Work
For a solo effort, you can take a look at what we received for Nancy ‘n' Winston by Dustin.
-> Example 1 2 3
Tidiness:
If you want to earn my gratitude, go easy on my inbox and use the same email to stay in contact with me and for further updates on the submission. It should make things easier for both sides. Of course you can always send in a separate email if it's easier for you.
—
That wraps it up for the basics. In the future I may write more posts containing general advice about making comics. If you have any questions, we're available via the message section here, our email (premiereditors@gmail.com), or via our Discord server (https://discord.gg/0tD9RZu8RQWWHeds). Until then,
- Brian
'Killing Jesus' Film Feedback: National Geographic Praised for Originality But Criticized for 'Butchering the Scriptures' [VIDEO] Jeannie Law Mar 30, 2015 11:16 AM EDT
Killing Jesus
National Geographic's televised event 'Killing Jesus' garnered tons of feedback, many christians claiming the film veered far from the biblical account of Jesus' life and others appreciating the films unique approach.
'Killing Jesus', was produced by Scott Free Productions and based on the New York Times best-selling book by Bill O'Reilly and Martin Dugard. The TV event was reportedly going to dive deep inside the historical story of how Jesus' message and preaching led to his persecution and execution by a group of conspirators who saw him as a threat to their power.
Although many believed that the feature did provide insight to the historical aspects touched on in O'Reilly's book many were shocked at how far it was from the biblical history of Jesus' life and ministry.
Many Christians on social media shared their opinions on 'Killing Jesus'. "Acting-good directing-good portrayal of Roman and Jewish-govt-good," one wrote, but added, "Acknowledgement of scripture and accuracy-terrible."
Another added, "Not too scriptural to me from beginning!"
Someone else who previously advocated for the film wrote, "I changed it after maybe 3 to 5 minutes into the movie ...Then realize I had to text everyone I told to watch it. They butchered the Scriptures."
Not all reviews were negative, others on Twitter maintained that people should not be looking at it in a spiritual sense. " People are missing that the film is political and not just spiritual," some one stated.
"How sad that all these people are hating on #killingJesus I loved the movie. It really got to me," another supporter tweeted.
User Alberto Espinosa Sr mainatained, "#killingjesus seems to capture the political & social environment of the time. Historicly accurate from a secular, historical point of view."
BREATHEcast had the opportunity to catch the red carpet premiere on March 23 and watch the film in its entirety. Read our review of the film and book HERE.
See below what lead actor of 'Killing Jesus,' Haaz Sleiman said about his time of playing Jesus.
'Killing Jesus', was a three-hour television event that premiered on Palm Sunday, on National Geographic Channel in the United States, globally in 171 countries in 45 languages and in Spanish on Nat Geo Mundo. The film is the third collaboration between NGC, Scott Free and O'Reilly, whose first two projects together, Emmy-nominated 'Killing Kennedy' and 'Killing Lincoln' are respectively the two most-watched programs in the network's history.
Did you the see film? What were your thoughts?
Watch the trailer below:
NEW YORK (Reuters) - Crude oil prices fell sharply on Wednesday as signs of a slowdown in China and Europe stoked worries about petroleum demand, while the dollar rose after better-than-expected news on the U.S. economy.
Wall Street ended modestly higher than better-than-expected U.S. labor and service-sector data fueled optimism about the recovery, but the Dow industrials were hobbled by a slide in Hewlett-Packard (HPQ.N).
The euro zone's economic woes worsened last month and China's slowdown looked likely to extend to a seventh quarter, suggesting recent bold actions by global central banks have yet to convince consumers to start spending again.
The concerns about China and Europe overshadowed supportive data from U.S. Energy Information Administration's (EIA), which showed an unexpected fall in U.S. crude stocks last week.
“The global economy is in a rut, and even with supportive EIA data crude is down,” said Dan Flynn, an analyst at Price Futures Group in Chicago.
Brent November crude futures lost $3.40 to settle at $108.17 a barrel. U.S. November crude shed $3.75 to settle at $88.14 a barrel and dropped to $87.70 in post-settlement trading, its lowest since August 3.
On Wall Street, the Dow Jones industrial average .DJI ended up 12.25 points, or 0.09 percent, to 13,494.61. The Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX closed up 5.24 points, or 0.36 percent, to 1,450.99. The Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC gained 15.19 points, or 0.49 percent, to 3,135.23.
The pace of growth in the vast U.S. services sector, which dominates the country's economy, picked up in September, while private employers added more jobs last month than expected, industry reports showed.
The data came ahead of the first of three presidential debates Wednesday night in Denver and the government's closely watched monthly payrolls report on Friday.
“The ADP numbers were good and the services index was good, but we are missing the big catalyst to keep the market up,” said Jack De Gan, principal and senior advisor at Harbor Advisory in Portsmouth, New Hampshire.
“The next big catalyst will be Friday's employment numbers if we don't get any news out of Europe on the progress of Spain's bailout before that.”
Traders work on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange, October 1, 2012. REUTERS/Brendan McDermid
The S&P's consumer discretionary sector index .GSPD rose 0.8 percent. It was the best-performing S&P 500 sector, helped by stocks like Amazon (AMZN.O), up 2.1 percent at $255.92, and homebuilders like PulteGroup (PHM.N), up 6 percent at $16.50.
Shares of Hewlett-Packard (HPQ.N) dropped sharply after the company warned on Wednesday of a darker outlook for 2013 earnings, reflecting slow progress on CEO Meg Whitman's turnaround plan. Its stock fell to a nine-year low.
The MSCI global stock index .MIWD00000PUS dropped 0.1 percent to 333.19. The FTSEurofirst-300 index of pan-European shares .FTEU3 slipped 0.1 percent to end at 1,100.84 points.
DOLLAR STRENGTH
The dollar rose to a two-week high against the yen. The latter was pressured after Japan's newly appointed Finance Minister Koriki Jojima said he is ready to take steps to thwart a strong yen, which has hurt exports and the economy.
Against the yen, the dollar rose as high 78.58 yen, its highest since September 19. It was last at 78.51 yen, up 0.5 percent on the day.
The euro lost 0.1 percent to $1.2900.
Spain's prime minister, Mariano Rajoy, on Tuesday quashed speculation the country could apply for a bailout as soon as this weekend, but expectations are high that Spain will eventually request aid.
Signs of a slowdown in China weighed on metals prices, with copper down after four days of gains. China accounted for 40 percent of refined copper demand last year.
Benchmark copper on the London Metal Exchange traded at $8,290 a tonne, down from Tuesday's close of $8,325.50. The metal, which is used in power and construction, had gained more than 2 percent over the past four sessions.
Gold edged up, defying a drop in crude oil and a firmer dollar, as the encouraging U.S. data bolstered bullion's investment appeal as an inflation hedge.
Traders are pictured at their desks in front of the DAX board at the Frankfurt stock exchange September 28, 2012. REUTERS/Remote/Marte Kiessling
Spot gold was up slightly at $1,777.39. Prices hit $1,791.20 earlier this week, their highest since last November.
The benchmark 10-year U.S. Treasury note was up 1/32, with the yield at 1.6146 percent.
Image caption Galex revealed a wealth of new stars at the galaxy's outer reaches
Astronomers have spotted the largest known spiral galaxy - by accident.
A team was looking through data from the Galaxy Evolution Explorer (Galex) satellite for star-forming regions around a galaxy called NGC 6872.
But they were shocked to see a vast swathe of ultraviolet light from young stars, indicating that the galaxy is actually big enough to accommodate five of our Milky Way galaxies within it.
The find was reported at the American Astronomical Society meeting in the US.
NGC 6872, a galaxy about 212 million light-years away in the constellation Pavo, was already known to be among the largest spiral galaxies.
Near it sits a lens-shaped or lenticular galaxy called IC 4970, which appears to have crashed through the spiral in recent astronomical times.
Rafael Eufrasio of the Catholic University of America and Nasa's Goddard Space Flight Center and colleagues from the University of São Paulo in Brazil and the European Southern Observatory in Chile were interested in a number of regions away from the galaxy.
"I was not looking for the largest spiral - it just came as a gift," Mr Eufrasio told BBC News.
Galex - a space telescope designed to search for the ultraviolet light that newly born stars put out - hinted that NGC 6872 was made much larger in size by the collision.
The team went on to use data from a range of other telescopes including the Very Large Telescope, the Two Micron All-Sky Survey and the Spitzer space telescope - each of which sees in a particular set of colours, in turn evidencing stars of varying ages.
They found the youngest stars in the outer reaches of the galaxy's enormous spiral arms, getting progressively older toward the centre.
That suggests a wave of star formation that travelled down the arms, set off by the collision with IC 4970, with the newest stellar neighbourhoods pushing the galaxy into the top spot in terms of size.
"It's been known to be among the largest for two decades, but it's much larger than we thought," explained Mr Eufrasio.
"The galaxy that collided with the [central disc of NGC 6872] splashed stars all over the place - 500,000 light-years away."
Image caption A simulation of the galactic collision suggests it happened 130 million years prior to the situation we see today
Besides being one for the record books, NGC 6872 updates the catalogue of known galaxy smash-ups, demonstrating how dramatically galaxies can be changed and added to by collisions.
"It shows the evolution of galaxies in the larger context of the Universe - how the large galaxies we had before were accreted from small clumps in the early Universe," Mr Eufrasio said.
"We're just seeing one example of two interacting galaxies but in the past that happened much more often - that's how the big [spiral galaxy] discs we have been probably formed. Putting that in a larger context, it's a very cool system."
When my boyfriend surprises me with a Viagra pill one evening, all I can see are the four straight hours of pounding that will follow if he ingests a drug designed to increase blood flow to the genitals. It's not as if the man suffers from erectile dysfunction.
Then an idea strikes. “Let's split it,” I say.
Aware of the debate surrounding Viagra's effectiveness on females, I'm curious to try it, especially since no equivalent for women exists. I'm also eager to limit the amount of erection-enhancing medicine my virile boyfriend swallows.
The pill snaps in half easily, and sure enough, we have amazingly energetic, kinky sex.
The next morning, I walk to the bathroom in a post-orgasmic haze, grateful to Pfizer for concocting such a wonderful drug.
On my way back to bed, however, I spot our single dose of Viagra still resting on the bedside table, in a tray containing stray vitamins and a few Aleve. The latter are also blue and diamond-shaped.
In our haste to get things going in the dark, my boyfriend must have grabbed the wrong pill. Recalling the sex that was too extraordinary not to be pharmaceutically enriched, we're equally stunned by the revelation that one of our all-time best lovemaking sessions resulted from popping half an over-the-counter headache remedy.
Once the shock wanes, curiosity sets in. Was our experience a freak accident? Or is it possible for couples to increase their sexual repertoire without chemical assistance—and if so, how?
For starters, I read up on the placebo effect.
Like many, I've always thought of placebos as the harmless sugar pills distributed to control groups during research studies. To earn approval from the Food and Drug Administration (FDA), an experimental drug has to outperform such placebos in at least two authenticated trials.
But it turns out that the placebo effect encompasses more than just decoy pills. It is a complex psychobiological phenomenon with far-reaching mind-body implications—and a whole lot of promise, it would seem, for those aiming to enhance their sex lives naturally.
Consider the historical anecdote at the root of this science: During World War II, when a resourceful army nurse's supply of morphine ran dry, she began injecting soldiers with saline solution while reassuring them that her syringe contained a powerful painkiller.
Dr. Henry Beecher, who witnessed this extraordinarily effective approach to curbing patients' agony, went on to pioneer the groundbreaking placebo research that remains central to pharmaceutical testing policies today.
According to Dr. Fabrizio Benedetti, professor of neurophysiology at the University of Turin and one of the world's leading placebo experts, “Any situation whereby you have positive expectations can trigger the placebo response.”
In other words, all the symbols and rituals that elicit hope and trust—the process of injection, the act of taking a pill, acupuncture, and even prayer—thereby stimulating the body's self-healing processes, can be characterized as placebos.
Remembering how optimistic my boyfriend and I were while swallowing Aleve in our inadvertent, at-home placebo experiment, this makes sense.
Countless studies focused on conditions as varied as chronic pain, nausea, fatigue, depression, insomnia, and infertility have demonstrated the human body's remarkable capacity to repair itself in response to placebogenic triggers.
Through acts as simple as kissing a child's boo-boo, many of us exploit the underlying biology of the placebo effect without realizing it.
Some scientists purport that the phenomenon can even have an impact when we're conscious of it. In a 2010 study led by Ted Kaptchuk, director of Harvard's Program in Placebo Studies and the Therapeutic Encounter, patients suffering from Irritable Bowel Syndrome improved markedly after taking a pill they were told was inert from the outset.
If toying with our psyches deliberately can lead to better health, it seems reasonable to postulate that doing so could lead to better sex. On the back of the Viagra incident, I'm eager to see if I can apply placebo science mindfully to improve my already robust sex life.
With the help of specialists, I decide to formulate a list of brain hacks designed for the average, healthy couple looking to ramp things up in the bedroom. Then I'll test each method out firsthand.
Dr. Laurie B. Mintz, a professor of psychology at the University of Florida known for testing the efficacy of a self-help book she authored, A Tired Woman's Guide To Passionate Sex, against a placebo, points out that by way of calling her, I've already taken a critical step.
“Once the mind believes it's on the course to improvement, it guides you there,” she says. Since the very act of signing up for a study can lead participants to feel better, Mintz urges people to “do something, do anything, and believe in it.” For initial inspiration, she recommends making a list.
A lot of us draft professional to-do lists because the potential satisfaction of whittling them down sparks productivity. Similarly, creating a list of sex goals should push us to try new positions and toys, or prompt us to meet minimum sensual quotas.
Mintz also emphasizes that expectations are critical to how we experience things. She cites a study in which people who were told that a milkshake was “indulgent” drank less of it than those who were told it was “sensible” because their levels of grehlin, the “hunger hormone,” actually dropped more significantly.
In fact, there have been instances in which people develop nausea or vomiting simply because they're instructed to expect these phantom symptoms—a phenomenon dubbed the nocebo effect.
To finesse my sexpectations, Mintz suggests setting a daily alarm as a reminder to indulge a fantasy or to coach myself with sex-positive slogans.
Lastly, Mintz mentions a study she conducted that demonstrated the benefits of reading erotica. This seems like an offshoot of a placebo trigger we're all susceptible to: watching another person benefit from something. It also strikes me as cause to commit to consuming more pornographic content.
According to Dr. Andrea Bradford, the author of several placebo studies and founder of the Women's Integrated Sexual Health (WISH) program at the MD Anderson Cancer Center, every single behavioral adjustment results in biochemical changes that can have a ripple effect. “So any modification in the way you approach sex will have an impact,” she says.
This gives me the idea to create a sex schedule. Since I can't even stomach the notion of a weekly date night, planning intimacy sounds totally unappealing, but at least it will be a departure from the norm, and a way to establish a ritual.
A lot of placebo scientists believe in the therapeutic power of rituals, which might explain why so many people continue to pop herbal supplements in spite of mounting evidence that many contain nothing but rice powder and crushed houseplants. (In a recent hit to the multibillion-dollar Vitamins, Minerals, and Supplements industry, the New York State Attorney General's Office ordered GNC, Walgreens, Target, and Walmart to remove fraudulent “medicinal” products from their shelves.)
Dr. Bradford also advises keeping track of my progress in a sex diary. “There's value in focusing on what's working and what's not by elaborating your difficulties and accomplishments,” she says.
My mission is clear:
1. Make a list of sex goals2. Set a daily sex-is-good/fantasize alarm3. Consume more porn4. Create a sex schedule5. Keep a sex diary
I'm immediately surprised by how rewarding it is to brainstorm erotic objectives. Minutes after completing my list, I browse luxury sex retailer Babeland's website and order the Clone-A-Willy kit, which lets you craft a custom silicone vibrator in the likeness of your favorite penis.
This allows me to check off “buy new sex toy,” and also promises the ability to “incorporate vibrators more frequently.” Thanks to a simple exercise, I already feel good about being more attentive to my libido.
Next, I email my boyfriend the exact dates and times I expect to get laid over the course of the next two weeks. Hoping to offset the buzz kill of scheduling something that's supposed to be spontaneous, I attach a few diagrams depicting the positions I'd like to tackle, including “the sphinx,” “the deckchair,” and “the plow.”
His response: “Best email ever!”
Apparently, “the guarantee” of sex is alluring, even at the cost of spur-of-the-moment passion. As I skim my calendar, which, for the first time, features future events like “Jump your lover” and “Blowie time,” I smile, beginning to grasp the potential upside of premeditated fornication. Big Pharma be damned, these placebo hacks might do the trick!
For three out of the first five days, I can't stop myself from masturbating soon after my daily 2 p.m. reminder to think sexy thoughts rings. My boyfriend loves coming home after a long day to the promise of sexual play, and I enjoy carnal journaling, which doubles as practice in writing erotic stories we can revisit as a couple.
Ten days in, I've built my very own boyfriend dildo, watched a couple hours of porn, climaxed 18 times (including five self-induced orgasms), learned how to clip a garter belt onto sheer thigh highs, and invented a sex position I like to call “the ice cream sandwich.”
But as much as I appreciate our amplified sex life, I begin to feel bogged down by my own demands. I force myself to conjure provocative thoughts no matter where I am when my alarm goes off, which makes for some awkward subway rides during which I struggle to construct mental images of orgies starring fellow passengers.
Since not every day lends itself to activities like cooking dinner naked, I also scramble to add doable tasks to my list while others seem to take on permanent status, irksome evidence that I'm neglecting certain aspects of my sex life. Another problem is that the thought of deviating from our schedule gives me serious anxiety.
On Day 11 I awake sensing the onset of a urinary tract infection, but I pressure myself to meet my boyfriend at his office for our planned 7 p.m. sexcapade anyway.
Lying atop an unforgiving wooden conference table, my inability to get in the mood leaves me feeling guilty and inadequate. I'd imagined so much more for the workplace romp I knew my boyfriend had been looking forward to.
Later, after a few glasses of wine, I cry over the fact that I need a sex break to heal, which seems like a failure. This is when my boyfriend proposes that if I can't properly weigh the pain of my stinging genitals against the satisfaction of crossing off list items and sticking to an aggressive timetable, the placebo hacks may be doing more harm than good.
He's right. And if any strategy, natural or unnatural, proves counterproductive, it's worth reevaluating.
The next day I adjust our schedule so it's more manageable, with four weekly appointments. This way, rather than holding ourselves to unrealistic standards, my boyfriend and I are positioned to go above and beyond.
I also give myself permission to hit snooze at 2 p.m. if the moment calls for it, and I coach myself to view uncompleted tasks as teasers of what's to come.
Although my boyfriend is pretty much always horny, scaling things back works for both of us. We agree that focusing on coital quality is far more important than fixating on frequency.
Plus, certain acts, like waking your partner up with oral sex and taking Viagra—when we finally try the real thing, it works, but only in so far as the Aleve did—require an element of spontaneity to feel special.
That said, it's tough to imagine “going regular” after experiencing the high of an intensified sex life.
Sexual exploration of any kind promotes intimacy, which is a worthwhile end no matter a couple's chosen method. For those wary of prescription meds, tapping into placebo science to take things up a notch is an especially valuable option.
But even the nonchemical approach deserves a warning label. Pushing personal limits can cause symptoms of burnout to materialize. So capitalize on the interconnectedness of your mind and body all you want, but when you commit to a natural brain hack rooted in placebo science or pop a narcotic, you have to monitor the side effects, mental and physical, at all times. In a way, it's possible to overdose on anything—even mind-blowing sex.
Marvel vs. Capcom 3 — Top 8 Battle Log
• TTC|Tokido (Wolverine, Sentinel, Phoenix) eliminated EG|Justin Wong (Wolverine, Amaterasu, Tron) 3-1.
• EG|Justin Wong (She-Hulk, Wolverine, Akuma) eliminated LB|NYChrisG (Amaterasu, Ryu, Wesker) 3-2.
• EG|Justin Wong (She-Hulk, Wolverine, Akuma) eliminated EMP|Twisted Jago (Wesker, Dante, Trish) 2-0.
• EMP|Twisted Jago (Wesker, Dante, Trish) eliminated EMP|Remix (Magneto, Wolverine, Sentinel) 2-0.
• EG|Justin Wong (She-Hulk, Wolverine, Akuma) eliminated EMP|Evil Rahsaan (Spider-Man, Sentinel, Phoenix) 2-0.
• EMP|Evil Rahsaan (Spider-Man, Sentinel, Phoenix) eliminated DMG|PR Balrog (Dante, Wolverine, Tron) 2-0.
• EMP|Twisted Jago (Dante, Wesker, Trish) eliminated Ryan Hunter (Dante, Amaterasu, Dormammu) 2-0.
Early Notables Battle Log
• Losers finals match from pools: EMP|Evil Rahsaan (Spider-Man, Sentinel, Phoenix) eliminated NYC Fab (Wolverine, Amaterasu, Taskmaster) 2-0.
• EMP|Evil Rahsaan (Spider-Man, Sentinel, Phoenix) eliminated fLoE (She-Hulk, Wolverine, Akuma) 2-0.
• Losers finals match from pool 7: AG|MarlinPie (C. Viper, Magneto, Amaterasu) eliminated Mike Ross (Hulk, Thor, Sentinel) 2-0.
• Mike Ross (Hulk, Thor, Sentinel) eliminated OMG Itz Andre (Magneto, Amaterasu, Wesker) 2-1.
• Losers finals match from pool 8: Ryan Hunter (Dante, Amaterasu, Dormammu) eliminated Edder The Cheddar (She-Hulk, Haggar, Phoenix) 2-1.
• Edder The Cheddar (She-Hulk, Haggar, Phoenix) eliminated UVG|Noel Brown (Wolverine, Wesker, Akuma) 2-0.
• Losers finals match from pool 6: Flash Metroid (Dante, Iron Man, Tron Bonne) eliminated SimplyPh33r (Wesker, Doctor Doom, Phoenix) 2-0.
• Losers finals match from pools: TS|NerdJosh (She-Hulk, Taskmaster, Tron Bonne) eliminated Drug Fox (Magneto, Storm, Sentinel) 2-0.
• Losers finals match from pool 4: Job (Zero, Phoenix, Tron Bonne) eliminated EMP|Smooth Viper (Magneto, Dormammu, Sentinel) 2-1.
• Losers finals match from pool 3: FR|TooMuchDamage (Magneto, Wesker, Sentinel) eliminated EMP|Yipes (Dante, Wesker, Akuma) 2-1.
Losers finals match from pool 1: Marn (Magneto, Zero, Akuma) eliminated Mike Infinite (Magneto, Wolverine, Akuma | Trish, Storm, Wesker) 2-0.
• EG|Justin Wong (Wolverine, Amaterasu, Tron) beat TTC|Tokido (Wolverine, Sentinel, Phoenix) 3-2.• TTC|Tokido (Wolverine, Sentinel, Phoenix) beat LB|NYChrisG (Amaterasu, Ryu, Wesker) 3-1.• TTC|Tokido (Wolverine, Sentinel, Phoenix) beat EG|Justin Wong (She-Hulk, Storm, Akuma) 2-0.• LB|NYChrisG (Amaterasu, Ryu, Wesker) beat EMP|Remix (Magneto, Wolverine, Sentinel) 2-1.• Winners finals match from pool 8: Luis The Panda (Dante, Zero, Wesker) beat Ryan Hunter (Dante, Amaterasu, Dormammu) 2-0.• Winners finals match from pool 6: EMP|Twisted Jago (Dante, Wesker, Trish) beat Flash Metroid (Dante, Iron Man, Tron Bonne) 2-1.• Winners finals match from pool 7: EMP|Remix (Magneto, Wolverine, Sentinel) beat AG|MarlinePie (C. Viper, Magneto, Amaterasu) 2-0.• Winners finals match from pool 5: Nix (Chris, Phoenix, Haggar) beat NYC Fab (Amaterasu, Wolverine, Taskmaster) 2-0.• Winners finals match from pools: TTC|Tokido (Wolverine, Sentinel, Phoenix) beat TS|NerdJosh (She-Hulk, Taskmaster, Tron Bonne) 2-0.• Winners finals match from pool 4: EG|Justin Wong (She-Hulk, Wolverine, Akuma | Wolverine, She-Hulk, Akuma) beat Job (Zero, Phoenix, Tron Bonne) 2-1.• Winners finals match from pool 3: DMG|PR Balrog (Dante, Wolverine, Tron Bonne) beat EMP|Yipes (Dante, Wesker, Akuma) 2-0.
U.S. Border Patrol Agent Jerry Conlin looks out over Tijuana, Mexico, along a border wall June 13, where it ends at the base of a hill in San Diego. (Photo11: Gregory Bull, AP) Story Highlights Undocumented population in the USA had been falling since worst of recession
Some say economy's ability to create jobs lures more undocumented immigrants
Others blame President Obama, saying he's not enforcing laws enough
WASHINGTON — After leveling off in recent years, illegal immigration may be back on the rise, according to a new study that will provide ammunition to House Republicans who want to secure the southwest border with Mexico before considering a broader overhaul of the nation's immigration laws.
The total number of undocumented immigrants living in the USA had remained flat in recent years, with as many entering the country as leaving it. But the report by the non-partisan Pew Research Center released Monday found that there were 11.7 undocumented immigrants in the USA in 2012, approaching the nation's all-time high of 12.2 million in 2007.
STORY: Report: More Central American migrants coming to USA
The authors of the report said it was difficult to attribute the possible increase to any one factor. Jeffrey Passel, senior demographer at the Pew Research Center's Hispanic Trends Project, said rises and falls in illegal immigration have traditionally mirrored the state of the U.S. economy.
"Historically, the patterns seem to be strongly related to employment opportunities," Passel said.
The new figures come as Congress is trying to pass a comprehensive overhaul of the nation's immigration laws designed to stop future waves of undocumented immigrants in the country.
The Senate passed a bill in July that would dedicate $46 billion to securing America's southern border with Mexico and allow most of those 11.7 million undocumented immigrants to apply for U.S. citizenship after 13 years. The House has taken a far different approach, slowly considering smaller bills that focus mostly on border security and immigration enforcement.
Rep. Bob Goodlatte, R-Va., who chairs the House Judiciary Committee that has handled most of the immigration bills, said Pew's report only solidifies their approach.
"The recent increase in illegal immigration invalidates the Obama administration's narrative that our borders are more secure than ever," Goodlatte said in a statement. "Any successful immigration reform must first secure the border and guarantee the enforcement of our laws before other necessary improvements are made."
That sentiment was echoed by Rosemary Jenks, director of governments relations for NumbersUSA, a group that opposed the Senate bill. She said Obama's Department of Homeland Security has methodically cut back on worksite raids targeting undocumented workers and scaled back deportations, leaving "absolutely no disincentive" for people in other countries thinking about trying to enter the USA illegally.
"(The new numbers) mean we obviously do not have secure borders," Jenks said. "Once an illegal alien is in the United States, there is virtually no fear of being caught and removed. This administration has undermined immigration enforcement consistently, and that's having an impact."
Tamar Jacoby, president of ImmigrationWorks USA, a business lobby that supported the Senate immigration bill, said the economy, not border security, was to blame.
Jacoby said there were three main reasons that undocumented immigration fell so dramatically during a stretch from 2007 to 2009. The U.S. economy was shrinking, leading to fewer jobs. Border enforcement continued getting tougher, evidenced by the Obama administration deporting about 400,000 people a year. And the Mexican economy was improving to the point that many would-be immigrants stayed home.
"Two of those things have not changed," Jacoby said. "Border enforcement is still very tough. And the situation in Mexico has not turned south. So the only conclusion I can come up with is the U.S. economy is improving and attracting more workers."
"Unauthorized immigrants know before the rest of us when the economy has improved," she said.
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1fbREzj
There could be no bus service in Gatineau as of 4:00 a.m. Friday.
The Société de Transport de l'Outaouais (STO) says they have been served with 72-hours notice of a strike.
The notice by the Syndicat uni du transport local 591 was served Tuesday morning, less than a day after the Canada Industrial Relations Board ruled STO service was non-essential.
STO President Gilles Carpentier said in a statement the STO is "dismayed the union is taking the population hostage," and reiterated the STO's claim that a strike would negatively impact public health and safety. That argument was rejected by the CIRB.
Carpentier says the STO remains willing to negotiate in good faith.
The union is planning to meet Wednesday, to discuss its next moves. Bus drivers and maintenance workers represented by the union have been without a contract for two years.
The STO says, unless a deal is reached, no regular transit service including student service will be available starting Friday morning. Paratransit service will not be affected by a strike, and will remain available.
Beyond the Outaouais, STO buses also serve parts of downtown Ottawa.
In the winter of 2008-09, OC Transpo drivers and maintenance workers were off the job for 51 days after voting overwhelmingly in favour of a strike, leaving many residents scrambling to find alternative ways to get to work or school.
The lost Porcelain Tower of Nanjing, ranked one of the seven wonders of the medieval world, is back in Nanjing more than a hundred and fifty years after it was destroyed. One of the most famous of Chinese buildings, the tower was constructed in the 15th century by the Ming Dynasty's Yongle Emperor in honor of his deceased mother. It was part of a large complex of the Bao'en Temple. Neither the original temple nor the tower survive today.
The tower was built with glazed white porcelain bricks that were said to glitter in the sunlight. Worked into the porcelain of the walls was a mixture of green, yellow, brown and white glazes and stonework shaped in the form of animals, flowers, bamboo, landscapes and Buddhist images.
Early illustration of the Porcelain Tower, from “An embassy from the East-India Company” (1665) by Johan Nieuhof
When renowned 17th century Dutch traveller Johan Nieuhof saw the tower and wrote about in his illustrative and informative China memoirs, at once it captured the imagination of the Europeans. Porcelain, at that time, was one of the most prized material, an expensive luxury ware that came only from China, because the Western people did not know how to make porcelain before the 18th century. The idea of an entire tower made of porcelain excited all sorts of Orientalist fancies. The tower became one of the most well-known pieces of Chinese cultural heritage abroad, and subsequently, a national treasure for China.
The Porcelain Tower rose nearly a hundred meters and consisted of nine stories with a spiraling staircase in the middle. From each level protruded a roof that curved upwards and encircled the tower. From the projecting flanges of these roofs were suspended bells that decreased in size proportional to the (taper) of the tower. At the top was a golden pineapple. When it was built, the tower was one of the largest buildings in China.
The tower stood for four hundred years until 1801, when a bolt of lightning hit the tower and destroyed the top four stories. It was quickly rebuilt, but in the 1850s, during the Taiping Civil War, rebels took control of the city. At first they smashed the Buddhist images and destroyed the inner staircase of the tower to deny the Qing enemy an observation platform. Then eventually, they destroyed the tower completely.
In 2008, numerous relics belonging to the tower were discovered in an excavation generating a new interest to try to rebuild the landmark. In 2010, a Chinese businessman donated one billion yuan ($156 million) to the city for the cause. This was reported to be the largest single personal donation ever made in China.
In December last year, the Porcelain Tower Heritage Park (also called the Porcelain Tower Relics Park) officially opened to the public. The highlight of the park is the reconstructed Buddhist temple, featuring the distinctive porcelain pagoda. The park also includes a conservatory of the ruins exhibiting Buddhist relics and past archaeological discoveries.
Porcelain Tower, from “An embassy from the East-India Company” (1665) by Johan Nieuhof
The Porcelain Pagoda, as illustrated in Fischer von Erlach's “Plan of Civil and Historical Architecture” (1721)
The reconstructed Porcelain Tower at the newly opened Porcelain Tower Heritage Park in Nanjing, capital of East China's Jiangsu. Photo credit: bbs.photofans.cn
The reconstructed Porcelain Tower at the newly opened Porcelain Tower Heritage Park in Nanjing, capital of East China's Jiangsu. Photo credit: Xinhua
Photo shows an exhibition hall at the newly opened Porcelain Tower Heritage Park in Nanjing, capital of East China's Jiangsu Province on Dec 16, 2015. Photo credit: Xinhua
Photo shows an exhibition hall at the newly opened Porcelain Tower Heritage Park in Nanjing, capital of East China's Jiangsu Province on Dec 16, 2015. Photo credit: Xinhua
The original blocks of the Nanjing Tower's arched door, now pieced back together and on display at the newly opened Porcelain Tower Heritage Park. Photo credit: Xinhua/Sun Can
Details from the Nanjing Tower's arched door. Photo credit: www.talknj.com
Details from the Nanjing Tower's arched door. Photo credit: www.talknj.com
Sources: www.hellonanjing.net / Wikipedia / shanghaiyangtzedelta.wordpress.com
A former subcontractor for Intel who asked his friend to make a hoax bomb call to the company because he didn't want to go to work may be ordered to carry out community service.
Aaron O'Neill (20) had been out drinking and taking tablets with his friend Colin Hammond (21) when he decided he did not want to go in the next day.
He paid his friend to make the call from a payphone outside Hammond's home.
The resulting 999 calls shut down a motorway, disrupted air traffic control and prevented 4,000 Intel staff from going to work. Garda Eamonn McFadden said that at a “conservative estimate” the incident lost Intel 6,000 hours of production.
Mr O'Neill of Chieftains Drive, Balbriggan and Hammond of Bath Road, also in Balbriggan, pleaded guilty at Dublin Circuit Criminal Court to making a false report on the Bath Road on January 13th 2015. Neither man has previous convictions.
Mr Hammond told the operator there were bombs located at Intel which would go off in 12 hours.
“You will not find them. This is a warning, we're everywhere now,” Hammond told emergency services. When asked who was making the call, he replied: “Islamic State.”
Described by Judge Martin Nolan as “profoundly stupid”, Hammond claimed he had been paid to make the call. He was ordered to carry out 200 hours community service in lieu of a two year prison sentence when his case was dealt with in October.
On Tuesday Judge Nolan said he saw “no reason to depart from the same sentence” for O'Neill but adjourned the case to January to get a report from the Probation Service to see if he was suitable for community service.
He said, “to put it politely” it had been a misconceived plan and accepted that the men hadn't envisaged the calls to have the effect they did.
“It is a very, very strange way to avoid going to work,” Judge Nolan said .
Gda McFadden told Paul Carroll BL, prosecuting, that O'Neill was questioned and made a cautioned statement but took no responsibility, claiming he didn't know who made the calls and didn't ask anyone to make them.
He was arrested in March when he admitted that it had been his idea. He said he had taken tablets, didn't want to go to work the following day and asked Hammond to make the calls.
He said there had been no set plan but it was decided that 6am was a good time to make the call and that it should be made from the phone-box on Hammond's street. He told gardaí he was sorry but added that he didn't think it was going to be a big deal.
Gda McFadden agreed with James Dwyer BL, defending, that it had been a spontaneous decision and the only evidence against O'Neill were his own admissions.
Gda McFadden said that 300 employees were evacuated from Intel and a further 3,700 staff were prevented from entering the site.
He told Mr Carroll that the M4 motorway was closed and there was also disruption to air traffic control in the location before authorities realised it was a hoax.
He said that one person prevented from attending Intel was O'Neill who was getting a lift to work there as a subcontractor with his father.
Gda McFadden said that a month after the hoax, a taxi man arrived at Balbriggan Garda station with a passenger who wouldn't pay his fare. The passenger was Hammond and a garda at the station recognised his voice from the hoax call.
Hammond admitted he had made the call on his friend's behalf saying: “He hates work and I made a phone call so he wouldn't have to go to work.
Having seen Mitt Romney tools around the Greater Detroit area in two campaign ads in which he nostalgically recalls his childhood and his love of cars, you might be wondering, "What sort of car is he driving?" As it turns out, he's behind the wheel of a cherry Chrysler 300, the pride of Detroit. Oh, wait! Did I say "Detroit?" Sorry, ha ha, I meant "Canada."
Yes, as the sleuths at Blue Mass Group report, Romney's whip is a foreign-born Chrysler, manufactured in Brampton, Ontario and imported to Detroit so that it can be imported "from" Detroit. There was a minor kerfuffle over this car when the Made In The USA Foundation filed a complaint with the Federal Trade Commission after Chrysler launched its "Imported From Detroit" ad campaign, alleging false advertising. Chrysler defended itself, saying that the complaint was "without merit" because the ad campaign -- which famously kicked off with a Super Bowl ad that starred rapper Eminem -- featured the Chrysler 200, which is made in Detroit.
Blue Mass Group made this discovery when it compared the dashboard of the car in Romney's ad to Chrysler's specs, and determined that Romney's was motoring about in the foreign-born 300, instead of the locally manufactured 200. Did no one think to check the birth certificate?
It's understandable that Romney would have an affinity for Canada, and not just because he'd probably fit in a lot better with that nation's notion of a "severe conservative." In Canada, Romney would pay even less in taxes than he does in the United States. And he's made at least one famous trip there -- it was on a family outing to Canada that Romney lashed his dog Seamus to the roof of his car, which inspired the poor canine to defecate in terror. This incident has caused Romney to be subjected to persistent criticism. It has also launched numerous Gail Collins columns. (Romney may also feel the call of Canada because Seamus, upon arriving there, might have fled the Romney family in abject terror, never to be seen again.)
At any rate, when Romney says that "American cars" managed to get "into his bones," maybe he was referring to North American Cars?
[Hat Tip: Liz Mair]
READ THE WHOLE THING:
Mitt Romney's Michigan ad shows him driving a car that was made in Canada [Blue Mass Group]
[Would you like to follow me on Twitter? Because why not?]
Capitol police are working with state and local agencies to plan for the possibility that large crowds will again descend on the Capitol as the Legislature considers Gov. Scott Walker's budget bill.
Jodi Jensen, executive assistant to Administration Secretary Michael Huebsch, said in an email that "law enforcement agencies are aware of the possibility that the Capitol police will request assistance" if large groups of protesters show up in Madison.
"Staffing level changes at the Capitol will be made based on an ongoing evaluation of security needs," Jensen said.
A City of Madison panel on Friday gave protesters permission to build a tent city outside the Capitol, from which they would stage protests as the Assembly and Senate take up the budget.
In February, huge crowds showed up at the Capitol to protest Walker's separate budget-repair bill, including provisions that would have curtailed collective bargaining for most public sector employees. The bill to pay law enforcement officials from all over the state cost taxpayers at least $7.8 million.
At the time, Huebsch instituted the Emergency Police Services system. That system authorizes the state Division of Emergency Management to contact local law enforcement agencies to provide assistance. More than 200 law enforcement agencies provided officers for security at the Capitol.
Jensen said the EPS system could be implemented again if needed. EPS officials have been alerted to that possibility, said Lori Getter, a spokeswoman for the Division of Emergency Management.
On Friday, Madison's Street Use Commission approved a permit filed by We Are Wisconsin to occupy Mifflin St. and Carroll St. on the Capitol Square, along with performance space at the top of State St.
We Are Wisconsin, along with union groups, wants to set up a "Walkerville" tent city beginning Saturday and continuing for as many as 17 days.
The committee approved the group's application under the condition that the group successfully applies for a separate campground permit and that most of the tents get taken down during the day.
Republican lawmakers are skeptical of turnout.
"I think a lot of the enthusiasm has waned," Sen. Glenn Grothman (R-West Bend) said. "But there will always be a lot of people in Dane County who think the rest of the state is the cow and they are the farmer."
Miles Kristan, a member of the Autonomous Solidarity Organization, said participants will pick up where they left off during the earlier protests.
"We slept on the cold marble floor in the middle of winter. We can manage to sleep outside in tents now," Kristan said.
When engineers reversed the flow of the Chicago River in 1900, sending the city's sewage and related waste away from residents' Lake Michigan drinking water, the metropolis was spared a future of pestilence.
But Chicago's salvation proved to be the downfall of the scenic, 273-mile Illinois River and its backwaters, once the source of 10 percent of the nation's freshwater fish. Through the Chicago Sanitary and Ship Canal and Des Plaines River, the Illinois received that reversed flow and so much human, animal and agricultural gunk that it doubled in size. One researcher in 1940 called the pollution "unprecedented in the nation."
Despite significant improvements, the Illinois remains degraded today. One exception is the Emiquon Preserve, a 7,000-acre wetlands jewel near the midway point on the river. Emiquon, separated from the Illinois by a levee, has drawn researchers from five continents and is an internationally acclaimed wetlands success story. Environmentalists call it Illinois' Everglades.
Now, The Nature Conservancy, the nonprofit that owns Emiquon, is building a $6 million structure that will allow the exchange of water between near-pristine Emiquon and the Illinois River, still beset by too much sediment, nutrients and invasive species such as the dreaded Asian carp.
Critics say the water-management system will ruin the preserve. The Nature Conservancy and its advocates say the opposite; they believe the project is crucial to restoring wetlands — likened to the lungs of waterways — and their polluted rivers across the globe.
"They're going out on a limb," said Paul Botts, executive director of Wetlands Initiative, a Chicago-based nonprofit focused on restoring wetlands. The organization supports construction of Emiquon's water management system, but "had difficult conversations" about the project, Botts said.
"If they're wrong, it could be really bad for a whole lot of us," he said. "But, if they're right, it could be really positive for a whole lot of us. I feel that somebody has to try."
The Nature Conservancy's objective is to re-create in Emiquon the natural water fluctuations that native wetland plants and animals need to thrive, said Douglas Blodgett, director of the organization's Illinois River Program.
In addition to controlling water levels in Emiquon, the management system — a complicated structure that includes pumps, a concrete pathway for water to pass through the levee, and equipment and sampling bays for scientific uses — will allow The Nature Conservancy to control fish moving between the wetlands and the Illinois River. That exchange can help the river habitat by providing it with greater biodiversity, Blodgett said.
It is a bold step in a vast ecosystem about 200 miles southwest of Chicago. Since The Nature Conservancy began acquiring land in the area in 1996 and started restoring it in earnest in 2007, Emiquon has become an ecological boomtown for native species.
The heart of it is 5,000 acres of surface water, where more than 260 bird species and 35 fish species have been documented, where river otter and muskrats swim near broad American lotus lilies, and where upward of 200,000 migrating ducks, geese and other water birds stop on a given day, the Illinois Natural History Survey has reported.
Overall, scientists have found more than 90 percent of Illinois' endangered and threatened wetland-associated bird species at Emiquon, as well as swarms of American white pelicans and thousands of bald eagles; spotters documented nearly 170 of the eagles in one day.
The preserve is part of the Emiquon Complex, about 14,000 acres of federally- and privately-owned natural areas along the Illinois River. The land, near Lewistown and Havana, also includes the 2,500-acre Emiquon National Wildlife Refuge and the estimated 4,500 acres of the Chautauqua National Wildlife Refuge, both owned by the U.S. Fish & Wildlife Service.
As successful as Emiquon has been, Blodgett said, water depths there are growing and the habitat is becoming waterlogged. Over time, the preserve will degrade if nothing is done, he said.
The planned water connection can benefit Emiquon and the Illinois River in various ways, Blodgett said. Many desirable animal species need both habitats to flourish. In addition, the wetlands' fluctuating water levels can absorb and filter heavy sediment that degrades the river ecosystem, he added.
In promotional material on the project, The Nature Conservancy states that the exchange of "high-quality foods" — plants, insects and fish — largely disappeared from the river and nearby wetlands when levees were built starting in 1919.
Those "food chain essentials were what fueled the Illinois River system when it was the most productive mussel stream and inland commercial fishery in the United States a century ago," the Conservancy states. "Restoring this natural productivity will boost the related tourism, hunting and fishing in that area."
Beyond strengthening Emiquon's long term prospects, the organization hopes the water management system can be a model for wetlands restoration all over the world, Blodgett said.
But Brent Manning, director of the Illinois Department of Natural Resources from 1991 to 2003, is fearful that invasive species he said are rampant in the Illinois River will overrun Emiquon. Those creatures, notably the voracious and prolific Asian carp — and its cousin, the common carp — can dominate food sources and crowd out native species. The result is a muddy waterway lacking sunlight, conditions that also keep out native plants.
"My concern runs very deep," said Manning, now a fish and wildlife researcher. "There are just a lot of things that can go wrong. The best defense we have are the current levees that are in place."
Other environmentalists feel the same way. The state's retired fisheries chief, Mike Conlin, led an online petition drive calling for federal officials to oppose the water management system and deny funding — an effort The Nature Conservancy outmaneuvered by scaling back the project and funding it privately.
In the petition, Conlin noted that the Conservancy experienced a river-to-wetlands connection in 2013, when floodwater from the Illinois breached the levee and flowed into Spunky Bottoms, the organization's restored wetlands about 55 miles downstream from Emiquon.
"The result has been a complete loss of submerged aquatic vegetation, fish kills, extremely degraded native fish community, and now a rearing area for Asian and common carp," Conlin wrote in a letter accompanying the petition, which had about 1,500 signatures.
South-east Queenslanders of a certain age will remember a television jingle for Brisbane's Seven network affiliate, BTQ-7, from 1983. Sung by the one-hit wonder Kim Durant, the catchy campaign number was entitled Love You Brisbane. It's a turn that brings back memories of a smaller, more innocent Brisbane: a friendly river city with kids playing on lawns.
Anthony Lister found guilty of wilful damage over graffiti artworks Read more
That's not the way most Australians remember Brisbane in the 1980s. The period is best known these days for the era of crime and corruption that flourished under the National party rule of Joh Bjelke-Petersen, along with heavy-handed police repression of local culture.
This was the Brisbane where police were paid in brown paper bags of cash, where Aboriginal activists were harassed and beaten, and where live music venues were regularly raided. As Andrew Stafford would write in his book Pig City, “Looking like a rock'n'roll star could get you into serious trouble in Queensland.”
Brisbane in 2016 is supposedly very different. It proudly proclaims itself Australia's “new world city”. According to the shiny, happy people at Brisbane Marketing, the river city is “capitalising on its enhanced international reputation”.
“Brisbane is shaping itself as a vibrant hub and world leader attracting industry sectors that are globally scalable in the new world economy,” the spiel continues.
But while the city celebrates its global aspirations, we found out last week that not everything in Brisbane is quite so welcome. One thing that doesn't appear to be “globally scalable” is world-famous street art.
On Thursday last week the artist Anthony Lister was found guilty of four counts of wilful damage after Queensland police prosecuted him in the wake of a Brisbane city council complaint.
The irony for the “New World City” is that Lister is one of Brisbane's best-known cultural exports. His work has regularly been championed by the very local government that has pursued him. He got his start painting traffic boxes – with the council's encouragement – and he is now one of Australia's hottest contemporary artists, his work gracing the walls and galleries of some of Australia's and America's trendiest and best-connected.
His work is highly collectable; trade at shows has been brisk. Unusually for an Australian artist, Lister has also crossed over into broader media and popular attention. When it comes to the artworld in Australia right now, Lister is a pretty big deal.
But Lister is also an artist whose work straddles a difficult legal divide. He is, first and foremost, a street artist, who came to prominence through his outdoor work. Gallery shows have followed but Lister continues to be best known for his murals, which achieve a scale impossible in even the largest loft apartment.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest In December 2013, Rise street-art festival in Christchurch, New Zealand, commissioned a dozen large street-art paintings in the city centre – an effort to regenerate areas hit hard by the 2011 earthquake. Photograph: Jocelyn Kinghorn/Flickr
At least in terms of aesthetic culture, the prosecution seems likely to damage Brisbane's “enhanced international reputation”. Does this represent a return to Brisbane's bad old days of persecuting artists?
That's certainly the view put forward by Brisbane's former deputy mayor, the artist David Hinchliffe. Telling journalists he was “sickened and amazed” at the charges, Hinchliffe added: “if Anthony does not get off this charge, Brisbane, as a city, will be humiliated.”
On face value, it seems as though the Brisbane city council has been working with Queensland police to target Lister. The council has form when it comes to Lister's work – painting over legal murals of his in 2010 and 2013, for instance. (In the latter case, the council had in fact commissioned Lister to paint the wall.) In May 2014 the council buffed over another of his pieces – “they could've pulled off the door, sold it for $10,000” the artist said at the time – and in November the same year he was charged with 12 counts of wilful damage and spent 1- hours in a Brisbane watch-house.
If you doubt that Lister is being pursued to send a message to other street artists, consider one of the charges against him last week: wilful damage, for painting a small mural on a firehose cabinet. Few ostensibly criminal acts can have had such benign public consequences.
But under the Liberal-National lord mayor Graham Quirk, Brisbane city council has adopted a zero tolerance approach to the supposed scourge of graffiti. To justify its stance, the council's “Controlling graffiti” web page cites the largely discredited “broken windows” theory of the conservative sociologist James Q Wilson.
Broken windows policing needs to go. We need a community-oriented approach | John Eterno and Eli Silverman Read more
Wilson and his co-author George Kelling wrote an article in 1982 in which they argued that “one unrepaired broken window is a signal that no one cares, and so breaking more windows costs nothing”. If cities failed to prevent small crimes and maintain their urban environments, the result, they argued, would be more crime. But later studies by criminologists found little evidence for the “broken windows” theory: crime has been dropping in the US for decades, including in jurisdictions where broken windows-inspired policing tactics weren't used.
Moreover, it takes a pretty warped view of property rights to hold that a world-famous artist painting over one of the city's dusty street cabinets is somehow “damage”. It's an even longer bow to draw to argue that painting a small mural on a piece of street furniture will encourage crime – after all, Queensland experienced no spike in street crime over the past few years of Brisbane's continued campaign encouraging artists to paint traffic boxes.
And yet Brisbane city council seems only too happy about the prosecution. For the likes of Krista Adams, the Liberal-National councillor in charge of the city's “lifestyle” committee, the moral certainty is clear.
“This is not a debate about the value of street art, this is a debate about whether it is acceptable to paint another person's private property without their knowledge or permission,” Adams said last week.
The court accepted that Lister didn't have permission to paint the firehose box, but local citizens must wonder why police and council resources are being spent on prosecuting such harmless crimes. The Lister action would have cost Queenslanders tens of thousands: there was a police and council investigation, plus the legal expenses of a two-day trial.
When I spoke to him last Thursday, Lister was disappointed. “It would have been nice to get off for wilful damage, considering my intent was to beautify what I was painting on,” he told Guardian Australia. “But I understand I got off quite lightly compared to other painters like myself that are in jail right now or waiting for sentencing.”
The high-profile show trial ended badly for police and the council. The magistrate, Barry Cosgrove, found Lister not guilty on the principal charge and declined to record a conviction on four counts of wilful damage. Police withdrew eight other charges.
Cosgrove also accepted the request made by Lister's lawyer, Stewart Levitt, to make a donation of $5,000 to the city to advance street art projects, which included $440 in “restitution”. Lister was given just five hours of community service – and it was recommended that he not be forced to remove graffiti as part of it.
The slap on the wrist highlights the poverty of Adams' rhetoric and suggests that the court did not see this as an assault on private property. If the intent was to send a message to other street artists, the prosecution has failed.
Indeed, it's hard to see that anything has been achieved, except the persecution of one of Australia's most highly acclaimed and collectable artists. The ethos of Pig City appears to be alive and well.
I knew that election season was in full swing the day my 8-year-old son came down to breakfast wearing a bathrobe to which he had affixed his entire collection of historic campaign buttons.
He sat at the table sleepily, eating Cocoa Krispies and strawberries while his hair rippled in the breeze from the overhead fan. From his lapel, a light-up "Dole in '96!" pin blinked at irregular intervals, its ancient battery almost exhausted.
"So, Daniel," I said, "who are you supporting?"
He inspected his memorabilia as if looking for inspiration. Then he pointed to a small button that I think is his favorite.
"Al Smith's not running this year," I said.
He finished his cereal, then drank the milk from his bowl. He looked up and gave me this pitying stare he gets, as if he's Tim Russert and he's about to roll incriminating video.
"Obama," he said. "I got his button when we went to Union Station. Plus I collect state quarters, and he says he supports change."
That's my son – the third-grade pundit.
As I've mentioned previously in this space, it isn't always easy living with a politically inclined elementary student. Other kids at bedtime want their parents to read them a story. Daniel will look up from one of his almanacs, lean over the railing of his bunk, and say, "Dad, what can you tell me about the Progressive Era?"
He even scares his teachers. The other day, his class had to do this complicated math sheet/acrostic, where they multiplied numbers, then matched their answers to letters, then used the letters to spell out the name of the president whose face is on the $100,000 bill.
Daniel wrote down the answer in about two seconds. (It's Woodrow Wilson, in case you're interested.) He didn't have to bother with the math. We got a note home about that one. ("DID HE JUST KNOW THIS???!!" wrote Ms. Phillips.)
On the other hand, it's been interesting to watch an actual presidential campaign play out through the eyes of someone who thinks Hannah Montana is old.
First of all, Daniel doesn't care a whit about ideology. Republicans and Democrats are just teams, like the Washington Nationals and his beloved Tampa Bay Devil Rays.
But he doesn't quite get that sports and politics aren't the same. No, I tell him, Hillary Clinton cannot trade Bill to the Republicans for Mitt Romney and a state to be named later. John Edwards isn't a free agent about to sign with the GOP.
Daniel views candidates through the lens of what he knows – history. So he likes Obama, because Obama reminds him of John F. Kennedy. He likes John McCain, because McCain looks like someone who maybe knew John F. Kennedy.
(He can't figure out the modern Kennedys. Too many of them. For some reason, he thinks Ted Kennedy is Arnold Schwarzenegger's father.)
So, anyway, after breakfast Daniel stood up, buttons clanking like chain mail, and started to wander toward the living room.
"Where are you going?" I said. "You haven't even read the comics."
"Upstairs to see Andrew," he said, referring to his older brother. "We're gonna play cable news. And it's my turn to be Wolf Blitzer."
• Peter Grier is a staff writer in Washington.
Next week Radio Free Gamer will interview Nick Marinelli, PR Director for the Music and Gaming Festival . For those of you who might not be familiar with MAGFest, it is a game music fan's dream. There are professional composers (Banjo Kazooie‘s Grant Kirkhope and Secret of Mana‘s Hiroki Kikuta), rocking video game cover bands (The Megas, The Protomen, Armcannon, Metroid Metal, and The Oneups to name a few), the voice of Duke Nukem himself (Jon St. John), a 24-hour gaming room, informative and entertaining panels, crazy parties, and great surprises. It all goes down from January 13th-16th 2011 at the Hilton Mark Center in Alexandria, VA.
Passes to MAGFest are selling out fast, and are expected to be gone before the event proper. How, in such a tight financial time, can you secure your pass early? Well, Radio Free Gamer is here for you with 2 free passes to MAGFest! One lucky listener who tunes in next Wednesday will win two full passes to MAGFest courtesy of the MAGFest staff! Here's how you can win:
Register for the forums at 8BitX, partner site of Elder-Geek and home to Radio Free Gamer
You'll receive an email from the forums. Click on the link inside to verify your account
Be in the 8BitX chat room during the show, from 7-9PM Eastern on Wednesday Nov. 17th
That's it! Also please note that you must be 18 or older to win, and that travel and accomodations are not included. Good luck!
Unpopular President Donald Trump's unpopularity as a bigoted incompetent leader is only rivaled by his unpopularity as a incompetent “business” owner and fraud artist. This past summer a Miami-Dade County circuit court ordered the (maybe) billionaire to pay over $300,000 to a Florida paint shop after trying to stiff them out of monies owed in relation to work on some renovations for one of Trump's golf courses.
Circuit Court Judge Jorge Cueto, presiding over a lawsuit related to unpaid bills brought by a local paint store against the Trump National Doral Miami golf resort, ordered the billionaire politician's company to pay the Doral-based mom-and-pop shop nearly $300,000 in attorney's fees. All because, according to the lawsuit, Trump allegedly tried to stiff The Paint Spot on its last payment of $34,863 on a $200,000 contract for paint used in the renovation of the home of golf's famed Blue Monster two years ago.
Back in 2014, The Paint Spot put a lien on Trump's property after he tried to say that, despite a contract, his golf course had paid enough. Amazing. This turned into more and more legal fees for The Paint Spot and led to the ballooning amount owed by our orange president. Last week an appeals court ruled that Trump still owes this money even though he and his team of fraudsters would rather continue to shirk their responsibilities by wasting more of everyone's money.
Trump National Doral Miami must pay The Paint Spot more than $32,000 plus attorney's fees of about $390,000, meaning the total Trump must hand over is almost triple the original paint bill of $142,530. The ruling was issued Wednesday by Florida's Third District Court of Appeal in Miami. “The case should never have reached this stage,” Daniel Vega, attorney for The Paint Spot, said in an interview. The property's owner "refused to ever consider any type of reasonable settlement," he said.
Yup. Trump's a real winner. The reason he files for bankruptcy every few years is because he has to.
Rumored changes for 2017 MvCI patch a guest Nov 8th, 2017 19,198 Never a guest19,198Never
Not a member of Pastebin yet? Sign Up , it unlocks many cool features!
rawdownloadcloneembedreportprint text 1.53 KB - Projectile lockdown is out. When the game detects you blocking for too long, you gain an improved pushblock that resets to neutral. SonicFox's jedah/rocket raccoon 'blockstring infinite' is gone. Gamora's c.LK xx dagger toss xx arc shot can now be pushblocked. - Projectiles that pierce hypers still deal damage, but lose hitstun, so they don't stop the hyper. They'll function like that rapid-fire spell in reality storm (LP?). E.g. Gamora's bullets and Monster Hunter's arrows. - Storm duration is decreased by 20%. - Reality stone has increased startup (up to 22f, apparently; currently it is 9f) and disappears when the character that uses it gets hit. However, it has increased hitstun if it lands. Mashing reality stone is discouraged. - Rocket Raccoon trap duration decreased. - Dante's hitboxes are smaller, with hurtboxes fixed. - Dante can't stall with Rain Storm. 1 max. - Dante's Hammer has recovery on landing. - Can't switch during the first 3 seconds of the match (e.g. no round start lariat xx switch). Apparently, pre-"FIGHT!" switching has also been removed. - Dante's j.HK has a sweet spot now. You have to connect with it at a certain spacing for it to have the same effect on hit than it does currently. Less hitstun outside of that sweet spot. - Added sound cues for things like Rocket's traps or Nova's flight. - Haggars hitboxes are being "fixed" (currently disjointed). - Dormammu is getting nerfed. Hitboxes/hurtboxes. Thorns. - HSD glitch is gone. - There will be some form of crossup protection.
RAW Paste Data
- Projectile lockdown is out. When the game detects you blocking for too long, you gain an improved pushblock that resets to neutral. SonicFox's jedah/rocket raccoon 'blockstring infinite' is gone. Gamora's c.LK xx dagger toss xx arc shot can now be pushblocked. - Projectiles that pierce hypers still deal damage, but lose hitstun, so they don't stop the hyper. They'll function like that rapid-fire spell in reality storm (LP?). E.g. Gamora's bullets and Monster Hunter's arrows. - Storm duration is decreased by 20%. - Reality stone has increased startup (up to 22f, apparently; currently it is 9f) and disappears when the character that uses it gets hit. However, it has increased hitstun if it lands. Mashing reality stone is discouraged. - Rocket Raccoon trap duration decreased. - Dante's hitboxes are smaller, with hurtboxes fixed. - Dante can't stall with Rain Storm. 1 max. - Dante's Hammer has recovery on landing. - Can't switch during the first 3 seconds of the match (e.g. no round start lariat xx switch). Apparently, pre-"FIGHT!" switching has also been removed. - Dante's j.HK has a sweet spot now. You have to connect with it at a certain spacing for it to have the same effect on hit than it does currently. Less hitstun outside of that sweet spot. - Added sound cues for things like Rocket's traps or Nova's flight. - Haggars hitboxes are being "fixed" (currently disjointed). - Dormammu is getting nerfed. Hitboxes/hurtboxes. Thorns. - HSD glitch is gone. - There will be some form of crossup protection.
Thanks to Marvel and Fox's wildly successful new film Logan, the nearly 200-year-old mutant has been the subject of much examination. Many critics have discussed the impressive length of Hugh Jackman's career playing Weapon X, but few have really gone deep into Wolverine's anatomy.
We know the basics: Logan's romantic experiences with Rose and Jean Grey)), his history in Japan, and his relationships with his surrogate father Xavier and his sort-of daughter, Laura. We know how he got his adamantium from Alkali Transigen, and we know that the insidious metal fused to his skeleton slowly eats him alive in Logan.
We do not, however, know whether his penis's foreskin is intact. And it's a harder question to answer than you might expect.
The issue of whether Wolverine is circumcised is made complicated by his tumultuous childhood in Canada, his mutation manifesting in his adolescence, his numerous forced surgeries, and the exact properties of his natural healing factor.
This also suggests several follow-up questions. First, were non-Jewish Canadian children routinely circumcised in the late 1800s? Second, would Wolverine's healing factor, which manifested around the time he turned 13, reverse older “injuries,” including the removal of his foreskin? Third, what can we infer from studying other mutants, specifically Laura, who was constructed in a lab using Wolverine's DNA?
A Quick Review of Logan's Childhood
According to Marvel canon, Wolverine was born James Howlett in 19th century Canada. Wolverine's mutation — his rapid healing factor and bone claws — manifested just in time for him to kill one guy and injure another. After running away, James “Wolverine” Howlett changed his name to Logan, which he went by until his death in 2029.
In 1876, the Encyclopedia Britannica defined circumcision as a religious act carried out by Jews, Muslims, the Ancient Egyptians, and assorted tribes around the world. In 1910, the same updated edition changed its circumcision definition from a strictly religious one to a “surgical operation which is commonly prescribed for purely medical reasons.”
That means that across the Western world, circumcision became a mainstream procedure over a period of only 34years. Unfortunately for curious Marvel fans, James Howlett was born during that period of cultural shifting, so there's no telling whether his wealthy parents would have elected to have him circumcised. However, historical accounts say that circumcision was practiced earlier than its rise in popular culture by the British royal family, which Wolverine's wealthy Anglo-Canadian family would likely have wanted to emulate.
Let's just say, for the sake of argument, that the Howletts did have their son circumcised. How would that have manifested once he turned out to be a mutant?
Could a Healing Factor Have Reversed Very Old Wounds?
Wolverine's natural healing factor, which works at the cellular level to reverse any damage done to his living tissue, has been analyzed by real-life scientists and engineers in recent decades. There's even a synthetic material in the works, inspired specifically by one engineer's love for Wolverine comics.
If Wolverine was circumcised as a baby, did his foreskin grow back as a teenager? cc @DTHalliday — Real Chip Zdarsky (@zdarsky) August 11, 2012
Since circumcision is technically a wound, it's possible that Wolverine's foreskin would have grown back when his healing factor appeared, which happened when he was a young teen. But that raises another question: Did the sudden arrival of instant mending retroactively regenerate foreskin, even though it was a wound from over a decade ago?
INVERSE LOOT DEALS Meet the Pod The first bed that learns the perfect temperature for your sleep, and dynamically warms or cools according to your needs. Buy Now
It's hard to know, because they never address old wounds in his origin story. And perhaps, after 11 or so years, circumcision is no longer a wound, but a long-ago amputation.
A young James Howlett in 'Wolverine: Origins'
Wolverine has had sex with approximately 33 different Marvel characters across comics, including Jean Grey, Storm, several women during his time in Japan, and even Hercules in an alternate comic universe, and not one has ever described his penis in a way that's useful to our investigation.
What About Other Mutants?
Perhaps because Laura, aka X-23, is a young woman and not a grizzled old dude like her father, many, many fans have conducted lengthy online discussions about her hymen and whether it would “grow back” due to her healing factor once sexual intercourse punctured it. This investigation, though it runs parallel to the quest to discover the nature of Wolverine's penis, forgets two obvious caveats. First, the hymen is not, contrary to popular belief, a solid sheet of skin protecting a woman's cervix from invading penises.
Laura Kinney, aka X-23, slices up some fools in Marvel Comics
The hymen has a porous texture, and is slightly torn, rather than punched through or “popped” upon sexual intercourse or extreme physical activity. Second, that Laura spends her entire childhood flipping through the air and slicing adult men to pieces, she's a fine candidate for having destroyed her hymen purely through movement before reaching puberty. That said, because Laura was constructed in the Transigen lab, she receives her mutant powers much earlier than natural-born mutants, as evidenced in both her comics and Logan. That means her body has continuously been healing itself from birth, rather than beginning to do so around age 13, which means that there's a better chance that her body is constantly healing the hymen.
So What Do We Know?
Considering his background, it's likely that Wolverine was circumcised as an infant. His healing factor could have allowed his foreskin to grow back in the moment before he killed the Logans, depending on whether a circumcision is a wound, and if the healing factor has retroactive purview. The fact that we got an R-rated Wolverine film that never mentioned Wolverine's second foreskin means we're not likely to see it mentioned in the X-Men universe.
Logan is currently in theaters.
Bumpn Uses 3D Touch To Let Users Show How Much They Like A Photo
3D Touch may have just found its killer use case.
Now on the App Store, bumpn is a photo-sharing app that will let users take advantage of 3D Touch to show how much they “like” a photo. Instead of simply clicking the like button, users can give a photo anywhere between 1-100 hearts.
If using the new iPhone 6s, the app will measure the force of a user's touch to decide how many “hearts” a photo deserves. Those with older iPhones will still be able to participate, except the feature will instead rely on how long a user's finger is in contact with the screen.
Groundbreaking innovation? No. Interesting concept? Definitely.
There is something to be said for being able to assign nuanced ratings in what is currently a rather binary-dominated world. Currently everything from Reddit to Instagram relies on a “yes or no” system. Using a ratings scale to show how we feel may actually make social media a slightly kinder place.
In terms of actual functionality, the app utilizes location data to share photos with users nearby. It also lets users choose from 25 photo filters, because what is a photo-sharing app without filters?
Bumpn is on the iOS App Store now, and will be updated with 3D Touch Support as soon as the iPhone 6s drops next Friday.
Pair Of "Large Fleshy Testicles" Results In Arrest Of South Carolina Resident Share
Tweet
A “pair of large fleshy testicles” led to the arrest last night of a South Carolina motorist, according to police.
While on routine patrol, a Spartanburg County Sheriff's Office deputy spotted a Lincoln pickup truck “displaying an obscene object from the rear bumper.” Specifically, the deputy noted in a report, the object was a pair of testicles that were “flesh colored, anatomically correct, approximately the size of a softball, and in clear view of the public.”
In response to the testicles, the deputy initiated a traffic stop and questioned the driver, Joe Cervantes-Rodriguez. The cop “advised the driver of the reason for the stop being the large testicles, and he immediately removed them from the back bumper.”
Cervantes-Rodriguez told the deputy that he had moved to the U.S. six months ago from Mexico and had ended up in South Carolina after stays in Texas and Georgia. But while able to produce a vehicle registration and proof of insurance, Cervantes-Rodriguez did not have a valid driver's license. As a result, he was arrested.
After spending the night in jail, Cervantes-Rodriguez (seen in the adjacent mug shot) was released from custody this morning after posting $237.50 bond. He was also issued a “warning citation” for displaying the testicles.
However, relations were damaged when Mr Gove was demoted from his role as education secretary before last year's general election, and made chief whip, a position which required a pay cut and robbed him of his status as a full member of the cabinet.
When, in February this year, Mr Gove decided he had no choice but to campaign against Mr Cameron in favour of Brexit, the then prime minister was "shocked and hurt", according to Mrs Vine.
This weekend, sources disclosed that their relationship has not recovered. The revelation came as one of Mr Cameron's closest allies was poised to reopen the Conservatives's wounds over Brexit with a new book.
Craig Oliver, who served as Mr Cameron's communications chief in Downing Street, is expected to accuse Mr Gove of betraying a promise he made to Mr Cameron that he would not take a leading role in the Brexit campaign.
In his memoir, Mr Oliver will also criticise the Leave campaign led by Boris Johnson, who is now Foreign Secretary, for peddling "lies" to voters.
Mr Oliver's book, Unleashing Demons, is due to be published in time for next weekend's Conservative Party Conference. Mr Cameron is also writing a memoir.
One of Mr Gove's allies rejected Mr Oliver's version of events as "clearly partial". The source said Mr Gove and Mr Oliver had barely spoken during the referendum and denied that the former cabinet minister had ever promised Mr Cameron that he would avoid vigorously campaigning for Vote Leave.
However, with Game 1 of the American League Championship Series set for tonight (7:30 p.m. ET on FOX/Sportsnet), the Royals and Blue Jays insist that the past is the past. While there is undoubtedly some bad blood remaining between the teams in light of their heated series in August, the players say that blood is no longer boiling.
KANSAS CITY -- There will surely be a buzz throughout Kauffman Stadium when Josh Donaldson settles into his stance for the Blue Jays against the Royals on Friday night. Plenty of fans will have their cell phones out, hoping to capture a potential clash with Kansas City starter Edinson Volquez.
KANSAS CITY -- There will surely be a buzz throughout Kauffman Stadium when Josh Donaldson settles into his stance for the Blue Jays against the Royals on Friday night. Plenty of fans will have their cell phones out, hoping to capture a potential clash with Kansas City starter Edinson Volquez.
However, with Game 1 of the American League Championship Series set for tonight (7:30 p.m. ET on FOX/Sportsnet), the Royals and Blue Jays insist that the past is the past. While there is undoubtedly some bad blood remaining between the teams in light of their heated series in August, the players say that blood is no longer boiling.
View Full Game Coverage
• Shop for official Royals postseason gear
There is simply too much at stake on this stage, where one wrong step could steal away a shot at World Series glory.
:: ALCS: Blue Jays vs. Royals-- Tune-in info ::
"It's the postseason. I don't think we're trying to give each other free baserunners," Blue Jays outfielder Kevin Pillar said on Thursday. "As I stand here, do I expect people to get hit? Yeah, probably, because they've got an aggressive pitching staff that likes to throw in and we've got guys that like to throw in as well.
"But, I can't imagine anyone trying to hurt anyone or give free baserunners. It's too important of a series. You hit a guy, that could be the run that determines the game."
An older generation will recall the last time these teams met with a trip to the Fall Classic on the line. That was in 1985, when Kansas City prevailed in seven games -- erasing Toronto's 3-1 series lead -- in the ALCS en route to the only World Series title in franchise history. A younger set of fans will draw from this season, when a series in early August made it clear that these were the teams to beat in the AL.
Each side viewed the series two months ago at Rogers Centre as a pivotal moment.
"That was the biggest series as far as intensity, as far as somebody challenging us," Royals reliever Ryan Madson said. "I love the way we reacted and the way we played."
Video: Blue Jays, Royals set for rematch of epic 1985 ALCS
"There was a lot riding on that series back at home," Toronto's Chris Colabello said. "I think it was really a time that we established that we wanted to be taken seriously. I don't think any of it will carry over into this series. I say that now, and I don't know what will happen, but you just go out and play the game."
The Blue Jays took three of four in that series, which culminated in a heated 5-2 win on Aug. 2. In that tilt, three players were hit by pitches, Blue Jays manager John Gibbons and bench coach DeMarlo Hale were ejected and the benches cleared.
The sequence of events that afternoon was as follows:
• In the bottom of the first, an errant 94-mph sinker from Volquez struck Donaldson on the left shoulder. Donaldson walked slowly up the first-base line and exchanged words with Volquez before taking his base. Home-plate umpire Jim Wolf promptly issued a warning to both teams.
Video: KC@TOR: Tempers flare between Blue Jays, Royals
• In the home half of the third, Volquez's second pitch to Donaldson (an 85-mph changeup) sailed high and inside, forcing Toronto's third baseman to duck out of the way before the ball flew to the backstop. Donaldson walked in front of the plate and Gibbons jogged onto the field to argue that Volquez should be ejected in light of the prior warning. After order was restored, Donaldson drew a walk and emphatically flipped his bat away.
Video: 7/31/15: Blue Jays top Royals on Donaldson's walk-off
• In the bottom of the seventh, Madson's seventh pitch (a 96-mph heater) to Troy Tulowitzki hit the shortstop on the right forearm. Gibbons again argued with Wolf, who ejected the skipper. Madson then followed with a high and inside pitch to Donaldson, who barked at the home-plate umpire before striking out. Jose Bautista then delivered an RBI double and yelled at Madson after reaching base.
• In the top of the eighth, Toronto reliever Aaron Sanchez threw two inside pitches to Alcides Escobar, hitting him on the thigh with the second offering (a 97-mph fastball). Wolf ejected Sanchez and both benches and bullpens emptied onto the field. Hale was also ejected and Gibbons returned to the field during the scuffle. Both Volquez and Donaldson needed to be restrained by teammates.
Following the game, Royals manager Ned Yost said his pitchers were just trying to establish the inner half of the strike zone against a Blue Jays team known for its powerful and potent lineup. After hearing Yost's comments, Bautista tweeted that he "lost a lot of respect for that man."
Yost indicated on Thursday that pitching inside would continue to be a part of Kansas City's approach.
"We'll pitch inside aggressively," Yost said. "That's a power-laden club over there. We're going to formulate a really good game plan and try to go out and execute."
"I know they tried to do that that last game there in Toronto," Gibbons said. "And that kind of led to some of the [issues]. Some were inside and some were really inside."
During Thursday's workout in Kansas City, Volquez said he did not expect any carryover in Game 1 of the ALCS.
"No, it's over with," Volquez said matter-of-factly. "We've got to move forward."
Yost succinctly echoed that sentiment, answering only with, "No, I do not," when asked if he felt the confrontations in August would lead to more bad blood this week.
Gibbons offered a similar response.
"It happened so long ago," Gibbons said. "And right now, so much is at stake. You get careless out there and you do something stupid, it could cost your team a big game. You're trying to win this thing. I don't anticipate any of that."
Sign up now and order before September 30th to get the Samsung Galaxy Note5 for $25/month and Samsung Galaxy S6 edge+ $28.50/month for $0 upfront with JUMP! On Demand™—and get a year of Netflix on us
Bellevue, Washington — August 13, 2015 — Straight outta Bellevue, nobody serves up the latest smartphones like America's Un-carrier™. And T-Mobile [NYSE: TMUS] made that clear again by announcing low JUMP! On Demand deals and one fantastic offer on Samsung's latest flagship super-smartphones coming to participating T-Mobile stores August 21st. Un-carrier customers can grab the Galaxy Note5 and Galaxy S6 edge+ for $0 upfront and sweet savings with the new JUMP! On Demand−which also comes with the total freedom to upgrade to your next smartphone whenever you want and walk out the door without paying a penny upfront in upgrade fees.
And, if that doesn't seal the deal, Un-carrier customers that Pre-Register for more information about the devices at T-Mobile.com/NextBigThing and get their new Galaxy S6 edge+ or Galaxy Note5 at T-Mobile can get a full year of Netflix, on us.
“The carriers can't come anywhere close to unleashing the next-gen superphones for you like we can,” said John Legere, president and CEO of T-Mobile. “The other guys swap in more confusing offers with obnoxious overages and fees. Only T-Mobile serves up Samsung's latest devices free of all the carrier crap and with the total freedom to upgrade to the Next Big Thing whenever you want with JUMP! On Demand.”
Un-carrier customers will enjoy a unique offer when getting Samsung's new flagship smartphones with JUMP! On Demand™ when they launch at T-Mobile. Through September 24th, get the 32GB Samsung Galaxy Note5 for $0 upfront and just $25 a month and the Galaxy S6 edge+ for $0 upfront and just $28.50 a month (for 18 months), with JUMP! On Demand—a revolutionary new way to swap your old phone out for the latest smartphones with zero wait, zero upfront cost, zero cost at upgrade and zero initial trade-in required. And every penny you do pay goes toward owning your phone if you decide to keep it—with the guarantee you'll never pay more than our retail price.
And only T-Mobile customers can set free the full power and potential of their new data-loving superphones with Simple Choice™ unlimited talk, text and data with zero overages on America's fastest 4G LTE network, plus unmatched Un-carrier benefits like coverage and calling across Mexico & Canada at no extra cost, unlimited data and texting worldwide with Simple Global™, Data Stash™, Wi-Fi Calling, Music Freedom and more.
Starting tomorrow, customers can visit participating T-Mobile stores nationwide to check out Samsung's new flagship smartphones for themselves. In addition to the incredibly awesome JUMP! On Demand offer, customers can get the 32GB Samsung Galaxy Note5 and Galaxy S6 edge+ with T-Mobile's simple EIP financing plan for $0 down (and $29.17/23 months + $29.08 for 24th month, FRP: $699.99,and $0 down and $32.50/23 months + $32.49 for 24th month, FRP: $779.99 respectively).
Plus, customers who Pre-Register on T-Mobile.com/NextBigThing by 11:59 p.m. PT August 20th and get a T-Mobile Galaxy Note5 or Galaxy S6 Edge+ by September 30th can also receive an entire year of Netflix at absolutely no extra cost – a value of more than $100. After receiving their new Samsung phone, qualifying customers simply visit SamsungPromotions.com/T-MobileNetflix to get their Netflix promo code redeemable at Netflix.com/SpecialOffers for a $107.88 credit ($8.99 x 12 months) on their new or existing Netflix account.
Samsung's latest flagship superphones feature bigger screens, with bright 5.7” Quad HD Super AMOLED ® displays for better viewing of movies, games and photos taken with the 16MP camera, in addition to:
The Samsung Galaxy Note5 − available from T-Mobile in Black Sapphire and White Pearl − includes a built-in S Pen that helps you get more done with its smooth & instinctive pen-to-paper-like interaction.
− available from T-Mobile in Black Sapphire and White Pearl − includes a built-in S Pen that helps you get more done with its smooth & instinctive pen-to-paper-like interaction. The Samsung Galaxy S6 edge+ − available in Black Sapphire and Gold Platinum − features a sophisticated design with two beautifully curved edge screens that help you stay up to date even when the main display is off.
− available in Black Sapphire and Gold Platinum − features a sophisticated design with two beautifully curved edge screens that help you stay up to date even when the main display is off. Samsung 5200 mAh Fast Charging Portable Battery Pack – Starting August 21, T-Mobile customers can get the new battery pack that gives the superphones up to 50% battery life with just 30 minutes of charging, for $69.99.
To mark the launch of Samsung's latest devices, country music singer-songwriter Luke Bryan is making an appearance today at T-Mobile's Times Square store (48th + 7th Ave) at 5:00 p.m. ET in New York City. Customers will have the chance to take selfies with the star – and the chance to win a pair of tickets to a Luke Bryan concert later that evening at the Samsung's Galaxy Studio in SoHo. For more details, please visit SamsungPromotions.com.
For more information about getting Samsung's Galaxy Note5 and Galaxy S6 edge+ for $0 upfront at T-Mobile with JUMP! On Demand plus a full year of Netflix on us, visit T-Mobile.com.
Also coming to the Un-carrier this month is the Samsung Galaxy Tab A, which will be available in participating stores and online at T-Mobile.com starting August 19 for $0 down and $13.34/23 months + $13.17 for 24th month; FRP: $319.99. And only at T-Mobile can customers get Samsung's tablet with the best tablet plan in wireless to go with their new Samsung smartphones – for just $10 a month, customers can add a tablet and match the data on their Simple Choice™ voice plan (up to 5 GB a month) for use, specifically on their tablet.
Qual'g service req'd. Taxes & fees addit'l. Jump on Demand: $0 upfront + $25/mo (Note5) or $28.50/mo (S6 edge+) x 18-month lease. Device must be returned in good condition or paid off to keep it. Retail price set at beginning of lease. No security deposits. Upgrade up to 3x in 12 months; eligible device trade-in & upgrade req'd. If you cancel wireless service, remaining balance or lease payments on device becomes due. 0% APR O.A.C.
Netflix “2 Stream Subscription” Offer avail. while redemption codes last. Pre-reg & qual'g device purchase req'd. See SamsungPromotions.com/T-MobileNetflix for eligibility & addit'l requirements. Sponsored by Samsung.
Samsung, Galaxy S, Galaxy Note, Galaxy Tab and Super AMOLED are trademarks of Samsung Electronics Company, Ltd.
About T-Mobile US, Inc.
As America's Un-carrier, T-Mobile US, Inc. (NYSE: TMUS) is redefining the way consumers and businesses buy wireless services through leading product and service innovation. The Company's advanced nationwide 4G LTE network delivers outstanding wireless experiences to approximately 59 million customers who are unwilling to compromise on quality and value. Based in Bellevue, Washington, T-Mobile US provides services through its subsidiaries and operates its flagship brands, T-Mobile and MetroPCS. For more information, please visit http://www.t-mobile.com.
# # #
Media Contacts
T-Mobile US Media Relations
MediaRelations@t-mobile.com
Investor Relations
877-281-TMUS OR 212-358-3210
investor.relations@t-mobile.com
Russia has vowed to take countermeasures against the Pentagon's decision to station new nuclear weapons inside Germany's territory, Kremlin spokesperson Dmitry Peskov told reporters in Moscow Wednesday. The U.S. move, which Peskov claims will build tensions and create imbalance inside Europe, comes amid building animosity between Russian and the U.S.-led West over Moscow's actions in Ukraine and its military's continual probing of Europe's skies and international waters.
“This is yet another step -- and unfortunately, a very serious step -- toward antagonizing the tenseness on the European continent," said Peskov, according to a report from the Russian state news site Sputnik. "Of course, this may lead to a strategic imbalance in Europe, and...this will make Russia take according steps and countermeasures to establish parity because, naturally, this is not a step toward boosting stability, increasing trust or providing security in Europe."
German media reported Tuesday that the U.S. Air Force would station a minimum of 20 B61-12 nuclear bombs in Germany moving into the third quarter of 2015, as per a defense budget decision made last year.
The U.S. already has nuclear weapons inside Europe as part of a NATO-sharing program. While the countries involved -- Germany, Belgium, the Netherlands, Italy and Turkey -- are technically non-nuclear states, they store, maintain and provide the means to deliver the weapons on behalf of the U.S. military.
While Russia hasn't specifically laid out what countermeasures it will take against the introduction of new nuclear weapons in Europe, it's highly likely to involve Moscow's enclave of Kaliningrad on the Baltic coast, according to a Reuters report. The base, which is strategically positioned between Poland and Lithuania, offers ships and submarines unchallenged access from Russia's Northern ports into the Baltic Sea and to the Atlantic Ocean. It is also a strategic location for placing short-to-medium range Iskander ballistic missiles that are able to target almost any area of Europe.
Russia claims that the U.S. move will contravene the nonproliferation treaty of 1970 that is designed to stop the spread of nuclear weapons. Peskov added that the steps taken by Moscow were for the "provision of national security” in Russia.
An estimated ten thousand Pacific walruses have huddled together on a remote island in the Chukchi Sea (map), an unusual phenomenon that's due to a lack of sea ice, experts say.
The giant marine mammal is known to "haul out"—literally haul its body onto ice or land to rest or warm up—on various places along the Arctic coast.
But with the Arctic warming up and melting much of its floating ice, there are limited areas for the walruses to gather. This forces them to cluster on land in huge aggregations rarely before seen. (See more walrus pictures.)
In 2011, 30,000 walruses hauled out along a stretch of beach less than a mile long, according to the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, which took aerial pictures of the most recent walrus gathering.
Scientists first noted that such large terrestrial haulouts along Alaska's coast in 2007 and reports have increased in the past five years, said Pam Tuomi, senior veterinarian at the Alaska SeaLife Center in Seward.
That mirrors the effect of warming temperatures in the Arctic, which is in the throes of a "long-term, downward trend" in sea ice cover, according to the National Snow and Ice Data Center.
In 2013, the Arctic experienced its sixth lowest minimum extent, or the period when sea ice cover is at its smallest.
The walrus haulouts are "another one of the symptoms of the changes that are occurring in the Arctic Ocean," Tuomi said, "and they are causing cascading effects."
On Thin Ice
The Pacific walrus as a species is suffering due to its shrinking habitat—the animal's numbers are declining, and it is currently listed as "threatened" and may soon be upgraded to "endangered" under the U.S. Endangered Species Act, Tuomi said.
Meanwhile, the large haulouts are putting individual animals at risk. For one, if something like an airplane flying overhead spooks one of the mammals, it may spark a stampede into the water. During their panic, the heavy animals—which can weigh up to 1.5 tons (1.4 metric tons)—may trample other walruses to death, especially young ones, she said.
"It's like yelling fire at a movie theater," she said.
In addition, so many animals in such close quarters could increase the likelihood of a disease outbreak. In 2011 a mysterious, fatal disease swept through a population of ringed seals in Alaska and there was concern that some walruses might also have been affected, she noted. (Also see "New Diseases, Toxins Harming Marine Life.")
Rock: I had my father get sick when I was 22. And I was poor, alright. And my father had an ulcer, and it exploded and you know all these toxins get in your blood. And basically, my father died, whatever, 50 days after his ulcer. So I had a father get sick while I was poor.
My mother got sick when I was rich. And my mother, you know... I don't really want to get into it, but my mother was sicker than my father. And my mother's alive. My mother's fine, OK? I remember going to the hospital to see my mother and wondering, 'Was I in the right place?' Like, this was a hotel. Like it had a concierge, man.
People don't... if the average person really knew the discrepancy in the health care system, there'd be riots in the streets, OK? They would burn this motherfucker down!"
This is amazing news for all of you Little Monsters out there! Lady Gaga will perform at the Super Bowl halftime show in 2017, according to a Sept. 13 report. Get all of the exciting details here!
Lady Gaga, 30, will perform during halftime at Super Bowl LI in Feb. 2017, sources tell Billboard. We are so excited!
“One of the main reasons for why the NFL is said to be hot on the singer was her performance of the National Anthem at the 2016 Super Bowl,” the site adds. This leaves us with so many questions. The halftime show typically features a collaboration, which means that another superstar musician will probably be taking the stage with Gaga during the big event — so who will it be?! The possibilities are endless!
This summer, reports circulated that Adele would be the halftime performer, but we've got to say that Gaga puts on a super fun show, so we're glad it's her. No one can forget Gaga's performance at last year's game, when she sang the National Anthem while wearing a sparkly, patriotic red outfit. The entire thing was just stunning, and the “Born This Way” singer called the performance “one of the highest honors of [her] career”. Well, this will certainly top that!
Gaga released her first single in what seems like forever on Sept. 9, and we can't stop listening to “Perfect Illusion”. Her fourth album is rumored to be released in the near future — so a Super Bowl performance makes sense — and Mother Monster has teased a collaboration with Florence Welch on the record, and has said the subject matter will involve “lots of rage”. Whoa!
The 51st Super Bowl will take place at the NRG Stadium in Houston, Texas on Sunday, Feb. 5, 2017 — be there or be square!
HollywoodLifers, are you excited that Lady Gaga will be performing at the Super Bowl? Tell us how you feel about it!
In In this post you can find a compilation with the 29 different options available to vote.
3000NXT
After receiving a lot of proposals and with many people having already expressed their opinion, I think it's time to set up a poll on Nxt's blockchain in order to let the community show their preferences for the logo.(around the 12th of July, just 48 hours to cast your vote!!!)To prevent voters from creating multiple Nxt accounts to issue multiple votes and somehow adulterate the results,in your Nxt account in order to cast your vote.Some things to take into consideration before voting:- The word "IGNIS" is not required to be part of the logo, but it can be there.- We would need the logo icon to be able to work when squared, as in being put in a frame with four equal sides- Design needs to work well as a small favicon too. Will it be still recognizable when it's tiny and listed in the CoinMarketCap top-5 (16x16pixels)?- Is there a defined message the logo should be communicating? Will it be seen next to Ardor often? Do we want the logo to be easily identified together with it? or will it most often be on its own? (Thanks THEJessAllenAlso, these might not be final designs. We're voting on the best concepts and ideas. The Nxt Foundation and/or Jelurida can still make changes for good reasons, but they will select a logo from the top 3 results of the poll. So, to be clear, WE ARE NOT CHOOSING THE WINNER HERE, BUT GIVING THE NXT FOUNDATION/JELURIDA OUR PREFERED TOP 3 OPTIONS. They might or might not stick to the number one election by the community, according to their technical criteria and personal preferences.Sorry for the short notice guys/girls. We only have 48 hours to cast our vote!
The allegations against movie mogul Harvey Weinstein are stomach-churning. The idea of one man having so much power that women were terrified to speak out or even to say "no" for fearing their careers would be over sounds bizarre to most people, but apparently that's Hollywood.
Weinstein isn't the only rich and powerful man in Hollywood to find himself embroiled in a sex scandal by any stretch of the imagination. However, his seems to go beyond the pale as he was able to terrify the entire industry into silence.
As some look at this as a problem with masculinity, there are a handful of people who think the opposite to be the case.
From RedState:
The knee-jerk reaction to such an extensive and long-lasting sexual crime spree is to blame masculinity, femininity, or even the way women dress (thanks, Donna Karan) as the fuel which sparked such a vicious, sickening fire. I understand the need to explain monstrous acts. The same type of desire burns within us following horrific violence, like what we saw in Las Vegas. Regardless of the urge to determine the source, we should not blame all masculinity and each XY chromosomed individual roaming around. To do this is not only unfair, it is entirely incorrect. Weinstein does not represent the whole of men just like Stephen Paddock doesn't represent all gun owners. Among the many roles a man has is that of protector. We have seen men fill this role countless times in society. Closer to home, we see it in the many good men who we have in each of our lives: fathers, brothers, friends, neighbors, and co-workers. Harvey Weinstein was not the embodiment of masculinity; he was the antithesis of it.
Writer Kimberly Ross hits the nail on the head.
Last year, I released a book on masculinity in which I outlined, among other things, the three roles of men: the Provider, the Professor, and the Protector.
It's the last of these that Ross brings up, and she's right. It does apply perfectly.
It seems that Weinstein's behavior was an open secret in Hollywood; it's highly likely that many of those saying they knew nothing about his proclivities were actually well aware of them. Through it all, we've seen only a handful of cases of anyone doing or saying anything.
Brad Pitt is reported to have threatened Weinstein with a "Missouri whooping" after the producer pulled his act with Pitt's then-girlfriend Gwyneth Paltrow. Seth MacFarlane admits a joke he made at Weinstein's expense while hosting the Oscars was made out of malice.
That's about it.
Pitt did nothing else about Weinstein -- he even worked with him on projects later. I'd be willing to give MacFarlane a pass because he only admits to knowing one of the victims, one who asked him not to retaliate in any way.
Miami Heat guard Roger Mason Jr. was robbed Sunday during an incident in which gunshots were fired at a Miami restaurant, Miami police confirmed to NBC 6 TV in South Florida on Tuesday.
Four suspects took Mason's Rolex, as well as his sister's purse, before fleeing Ni.Do. Caffe in Miami. Two of the four suspects were later arrested, and the watch and purse were found with them in an Escalade.
Mason did not speak Tuesday morning following the Heat's shootaround, and the team issued a statement before the Heat's game Tuesday night against Detroit saying the player would not comment "due to the ongoing legal investigation."
Heat coach Erik Spoelstra did address the situation.
"It was a scary moment," he said, according to the Sun Sentinel. "We talked about it as a team. Thankfully, they came out of it [unharmed]. You have to count your blessings sometimes. There are so many unpredictable things that can happen when you think you're just going out for a nice dinner. Thankfully, everybody is safe and two of the people have been caught."
I know everyone was entranced by Bill Clinton's speech last night, as well they should have been. The man has more charisma in his pinkie than the biggest rock star has in their entire body. And there's no question he laid out the most compelling case possible for re-electing President Obama. But the really important speech last night in terms of raw substance, by far, was Elizabeth Warren's 15 minutes.
Because Warren made clear, even more than Clinton, what really is at stake in this election. It's down to a simple choice for Americans: Do they want democracy, or do they want oligarchy, rule by the rich? It's really that simple, that stark, and that significant.
Here's Warren last night:
I'm here tonight to talk about hard-working people: people who get up early, stay up late, cook dinner and help out with homework; people who can be counted on to help their kids, their parents, their neighbors, and the lady down the street whose car broke down; people who work their hearts out but are up against a hard truth--the game is rigged against them. ... People feel like the system is rigged against them. And here's the painful part: they're right. The system is rigged. Look around. Oil companies guzzle down billions in subsidies. Billionaires pay lower tax rates than their secretaries. Wall Street CEOs--the same ones who wrecked our economy and destroyed millions of jobs--still strut around Congress, no shame, demanding favors, and acting like we should thank them. Anyone here has a problem with that? Well I do. ... The Republican vision is clear: “I've got mine, the rest of you are on your own.” Republicans say they don't believe in government. Sure they do. They believe in government to help themselves and their powerful friends. After all, Mitt Romney's the guy who said corporations are people. No, Governor Romney, corporations are not people. People have hearts, they have kids, they get jobs, they get sick, they cry, they dance. They live, they love, and they die. And that matters. That matters because we don't run this country for corporations, we run it for people. And that's why we need Barack Obama.
As D-Day puts it:
Image caption No details on the total number of badgers shot have been released
A Conservative MP who sits on a government farming committee has said the trial cull of badgers in Somerset has "not worked as hoped".
Neil Parish, who farms in Somerset and supports the cull, said "there is quite a problem with the numbers" which "is not terribly good news".
A former Defra manager also backed claims that too few had been killed.
The government, which wanted 2,100 badgers shot to halt the spread of TB, said it would release figures soon.
Mr Parish, the MP for Tiverton and Honiton who sits on the Defra select committee, said initial badger population estimates could have been too high and said attracting badgers out to be shot had proved more difficult than anticipated.
Humane killing
His comments follow those of a former government official who said fewer than half the target number of badgers had been killed in Somerset during the trial cull.
Paul Caruana, who ran official badger culls until 2006, said he had been told that as few as 750 badgers had been killed in the county.
Marksmen were tasked with shooting 5,000 badgers in Somerset and west Gloucestershire in a bid to halt the spread of bovine TB.
The Gloucestershire trial is thought to have about a week left to run.
The government licensed the shooting to test whether culling can be carried out in a safe, humane and effective way.
Mr Caruana added that the trial was not based purely on numbers but also how they could kill badgers.
'Gauge success'
"This was more about proving their processes and procedures to make sure humaneness was top priority," he said.
"But to say successful as far as reducing TB goes - you might see the odd isolated pocket but it's far too early to gauge any success as far as a reduction in TB goes."
The Department for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs (Defra) has constantly refused to reveal numbers of badgers killed during the trial while the National Farmers' Union has not commented on Mr Caruana's claims.
Campaigners have said the methodology behind the cull "isn't sound".
The latest reports by the Catholic Church's child protection watchdog, focusing on 43 religious congregations, reveal that 325 allegations were made against 141 priests or brothers in Ireland since 1941, resulting in eight criminal convictions.
The National Board for Safeguarding Children in the Catholic Church (NBSCCC) audit of eight male religious orders and 35 smaller orders of nuns indicates that the Jesuit Order failed to tell the gardaí about at least 22 allegations of child sexual abuse made against its members in the past 40 years.
But NBSCCC CEO Teresa Devlin has said the Order had confirmed with gardaÍ that the cases concerned did not meet the threshold for reporting.
A Jesuit spokesperson said these cases were suspicions and concerns for which there were no reasonable grounds and that the board states that every allegation requiring reporting has been reported.
However, Ms Devlin said there were delays of up to four years in reporting substantial allegations to the gardaí in the early 1990s.
As well as Pope Francis' order, the Jesuits, this tranche of audits by the NBSCCC covers in depth the Camillians, Capuchins, Carmelites, Cistercians, Sacred Heart Fathers, Slalesians and Rosminians.
The finding that only eight criminal convictions have been obtained following 325 allegations highlights what Ms Devlin called the undeniable fact that once again, a significant number of children were abused in the care of religious.
Also criticised is the Rosminian Order for its significant delays in making written reports of allegations to the civil authorities before 2009.
Both the Jesuits and Rosminians have welcomed the reports and apologised to victims abused in their care.
The board says that, overall, the reports show a considerable improvement in safeguarding practice in all eight male orders.
The Jesuit Order said in a statement: "We are ever conscious of the terrible damage inflicted on people who are victims of abuse, and we recognise the importance of ongoing review of our child protection procedures, and of the handling of allegations.
"We wish to unreservedly apologise to any person who has been abused under our care. It is a cause of great sadness to us that anybody was ever abused by a Jesuit."
The Order also said the process had already begun to fully implement all the recommendations contained in the NBSCCCI report.
The Rosminians said it was committed to working with former residents as best it could in the continuing healing process.
Helplines
Anyone affected by the publication of today's reports can contact Connect on 1800 477 477 - phonelines are open from 6-10pm between Wednesday and Sunday - or 00800 477 477 77 from Northern Ireland or the UK.
Aware Support Line - 1890 303 302
Available Monday - Sunday, 10am to 10pm
The Samaritans
1850 60 90 90
Towards Healing - Freephone (Ireland): 1800 303 416
Freephone (UK & Northern Ireland): 0800 096 3315
by Paul Kennedy @pkedit, Nov 21, 2013
By Paul Kennedy
Marc Rapaport
MLS must have had a winner if giant sports and entertainment companies like AEG and Red Bull had gotten in on the proverbial ground floor.
David Beckham
It takes $100 million-plus to sit at the MLS table these days.
Anthony Precourt
By pro sports standards, the revenues of MLS clubs are modest: an average of $26 million. Which means they must keep costs -- translation: player salaries -- down to make money.
The good news is that many clubs have built their own stadiums and are selling out. The bad news is that they are selling out.
Joe Roth
That MLS clubs rely heavily on in-stadium revenue streams is because MLS's television revenue is so modest.
Finally -- and this is worth underscoring -- the growth MLS has achieved over the last five years is all the more remarkable when you consider it followed the greatest financial collapse of our lifetime.
Soccer America on Twitter:
Google+:
Facebook:
Soccer Business Insider
The second opinion on Noah Syndergaard's torn right lat muscle by Dr. Neal ElAttrache was "all positive" in that it revealed he has nothing more than a simple muscle tear, according to multiple reports.
Editor's Picks Baseball without injured aces? Be careful what you wish for It would be great to see Noah Syndergaard healthy and throwing thunder. But there's actually an awkward truth: MLB kind of needs pitchers to get hurt.
Alderson: Syndergaard start was 'my decision' New York Mets general manager Sandy Alderson said it was his decision to let Noah Syndergaard start Sunday, despite the pitcher's refusal to have an MRI on his shoulder and arm. 1 Related
However the Mets ace is still expected to have an extended stay on the disabled list with conservative estimates having him miss three months.
The Mets placed Syndergaard on the 10-day DL on Monday, but GM Sandy Alderson said then that, "This won't be measured in days, it will be measured in weeks" and said Syndergaard's absence will be "a considerable time."
Syndergaard had missed his previous start on April 27 because of biceps and shoulder discomfort. He had been scheduled for an MRI on April 28 but declined to have one after throwing a bullpen session.
Syndergaard exited his start Sunday against the Washington Nationals in the bottom of the second inning, grabbing his right side after throwing a pitch to Bryce Harper. He had allowed five runs on five hits in the first inning during a 23-5 Nationals win.
Alderson also said on Monday that it was his decision to start Syndergaard on Sunday.
By Ben Frenkel, Google Play Games team
We're always looking to help developers improve the gaming experience for their users on Google Play. So today, we've expanded our existing suite of Management APIs to let you fully control all resources in your Google Play Games-enabled game during development and testing, with better support for alpha and beta groups.
Let's take a quick dive into the expanded offering.
Reset a single tester's state for any resource (e.g., achievements, leaderboards), or do it for all resources at once. For example, you can now completely reset a given tester's data if they've ended up in a bad state due to an experimental build. You can do this for individual instances or all instances of achievements, events, quests, or leaderboards scores.
(e.g., achievements, leaderboards), or do it for all resources at once. For example, you can now completely reset a given tester's data if they've ended up in a bad state due to an experimental build. You can do this for individual instances or all instances of achievements, events, quests, or leaderboards scores. Reset the state of a single draft resource for all testers, or do it for all draft resources at once. You can now reset all draft leaderboards in your game before publishing with a single API call. This ensures the members of your alpha or beta communities don't have an unfair advantage on release day. You can do this for individual instances or all instances of achievements, events, quests, or leaderboards scores.
for all testers, or do it for all draft resources at once. You can now reset all draft leaderboards in your game before publishing with a single API call. This ensures the members of your alpha or beta communities don't have an unfair advantage on release day. You can do this for individual instances or all instances of achievements, events, quests, or leaderboards scores. Clear global match state for all real time or turn based matches composed solely of testers. You can now reset all turn-based matches on release day. This will ensure that all matches from that point on are on the release version of the game. This is available for both real-time or turn-based games.
These updates make it far less complex and error prone to manage data during testing, saving you time and improving the rate at which you can make and test changes to your games.
Play Games Management API background
The Management API is a set of tools that enable developers to do things like manage tester data and clean up bogus leaderboard score submissions. Developers can also use the API to control and manipulate resources (e.g., achievements, events, multiplayer match data).
Getting started
You can get started with the latest version of the Management API right now. Review the updated API reference documentation, start with an example management interface, or download the sample client libraries to get on your way.
Originally Posted by AamesxDavid Originally Posted by
As I was reading the dev post about the changes, I thought everything stated was insanely obvious. The current system is so counter-intuitive, I can't believe anyone put it in the game to begin with. Now they're proposing to fix that, and people are complaining. I really shouldn't be surprised after the same complaints about repair materials, but here we go again.
Firstly, can changes like this go overboard, and simplify the game to the point of absurdity? Absolutely. We should be very watchful of simplifications, because they can easily take the fun out of the game.
What we shouldn't do is automatically go into an uproar at the proposal of any simplification without regard to its merits. That's great if you enjoy hoarding hundreds of different materials and switching between 5 different classes to make each material to finally make the weapon you wanted.. but realize you're on the extreme end of the spectrum - it's a completely inaccessible system for someone who only wants to focus on one or two crafts, which is most players. And that's not personal bias; I'm leveling every craft save culinarian. But even with that, I can see how unnecessary crafting requirements currently are.
Players should have options. Simplifying recipes does nothing to limit your ability to choose to craft a million different items across as many classes as you want. The current system, on the other hand, severely limits a player's ability to craft the majority of the items in their discipline simply by the materials required to make them. Can you really not step back from your own play style for a minute and see that?
You should be rewarded for going beyond a particular crafting class to improve and diversify your skill set. It should not be required of you.
/speech
Your week in Comedy Studio news!
Comedy Studio News: December 30, 2014 *We're up here!!
NEWS Year end!!!
* SOooo much cool stuff this year....
January :
-Myq Kaplan on Letterman
February :
-CAMBRIDGE NAMED the BEST SUBURB IN AMERICA...AND THE STUDIO IS A REASON!!
"Cambridge has one nightlife option for every 1,002 residents, and when they're spots like The Druid and The Comedy Studio, that figure gets even more exciting. "
-The Tonight Show with Jimmy Fallon debuts with writer Patrick Borelli and monologue supervising producer Jon RIneman.
March :
-"Silicon Valley' debus on HBO with writer Rob Turbovsky.
-"Last Comic Standing" films Alingon MItra at the Studio.
April :
-Steven Wright stops by.
-Gary Gulman does "Late Nigth with Seth Meyers"
-"PS Absurdo' reunion! Brendon Small throws a show for his bachelor party!
May :
-"Last Week Tongiht with John Oliver" debuts with writer Josh Gondelman
-Satanists hold a black mass on the second floor.
-Dan Boulger does 'The Late, Late Show with Craig Ferguson".
-Zach Sherwin does 'The Pete Holmes Show"
-"The McCarthey's" with Jimmy Dunn gets picked up by CBS.
-Judy Gold and Wendy Leibman stop by.
-Alingon, Erin Judge and more appear on Last Comic Standing.
June :
-Joe List on Letterman!
-Alingon appears at the Great American Comedy Festival
July :
-Bobcat Goldthwaite films at the Studio for his feature "Call Me Lucky" (at Sundance now!)
August:
-Bob's Burgers win the Emmy for Best Animated Series!
-Pete Holmes stops by to do Ken Reid's 'Secret Menu'.
September:
-Joe Wong stops by.
October:
-Gary Gulman on Conan
-"He works regularly at the Comedy Studio in Harvard Square. Please welcome Matt Donaher!" -Conan O'Brien
November:
-Louie CK offers Comedy Studio fans first shot at tickets for his late show at the Somerville Theater.
Gary Petersen and Dan Boulger get the spots opening for Louie at the Somerville theater.
December:
-Matt D on Conan.
And some really bad stuff...
the sad note, we lost Rich Ciesler, John Pinette, and Bob Hagearty
SCHEDULE
TUESDAY (12/30): Mystery Lounge! Bring the teens week! Skip Daniels, Malik Haddadi, Joe Howard, and guest comedian PJ Westin. Magic appropriate for all ages.
WEDNESDAY (12/31): New Year's eve special! with Peter Bowers, Rick Canavan, Julie K., Rick Jenkins, Rich Karski, Brian Longwell, Ted Pettingell, Tony Moschetto, Chrita Weiss, PJ Westin.
THURSDAY (1/1): Will Smalley hosts Chase Able, Zach Armentrout, Damian Burke, Taylor Connelly, James Huessy, Joe Kozlowski, Kwasi Mensah, Nick Ortolani, Ted Pettingell, Robyn Perkins, Mike Settlow.
FRIDAY (1/2): Rick Canavan hosts with Taylor Connelly, Kathe Farris, Casey Malone, Tom McDonald, Kenice Mobley, Nick Ortolani, Guitler Raphael.
SATURDAY (1/3): Rick Jenkins hosts with Taylor Connelly, Mariel Cabral, Kathe Farris, Jordan Handren-Sevey, Jiayong Li, Janet McNamara, Mike Pincus.
SUNDAY (1/4):Sunday Funnies with CJ Browne, Taylor Connelly, Kevin Driscoll, Mitchell Friedman, Kwasi Mensah, Katie McCarthy, Will Noonan, Kate Procyshyn...Al Park headlines!
JOKES:
* from Scott Oddo: "Joe Cocker died yesterday after a long period of not feeling alright. His wife said Joe is now in heaven, up where he belongs. As a tribute to Joe, mourners at the funeral were asked to leave their hats on."
*From Dan Martin:
*from IAMKEVIN: December 30th is National Bacon Day .. Carpe Bacon .. it turns out you can buy happiness and it is called Bacon .. the University of San Diego reported back in ' Oh-11 ' that pigs have orgasms that last 30 minutes or more .. creationists say that is god's way of saying ' thank you Bacon ' Singer Joe Cocker, best know for his version of the Beetle's "With A Little Help From My Friends" passed away this week at Age 70, His Funeral will be a tasteful revival of John Lennon's.*from IAMKEVIN: from Scott Oddo: "Joe Cocker died yesterday after a long period of not feeling alright. His wife said Joe is now in heaven, up where he belongs. As a tribute to Joe, mourners at the funeral were asked to leave their hats on."*From Dan Martin: SOooo much cool stuff this year....on Letterman"Cambridge has one nightlife option for every 1,002 residents, and when they're spots like The Druid and The Comedy Studio, that figure gets even more exciting. "-The Tonight Show with Jimmy Fallon debuts with writerand monologue supervising producer-"Silicon Valley' debus on HBO with writer-"Last Comic Standing" filmsat the Studio.stops by.does "Late Nigth with Seth Meyers"-"PS Absurdo' reunion!throws a show for his bachelor party!-"Last Week Tongiht with John Oliver" debuts with writer-Satanists hold a black mass on the second floor.does 'The Late, Late Show with Craig Ferguson".does 'The Pete Holmes Show"-"The McCarthey's" withgets picked up by CBS.andstop by.and more appear on Last Comic Standing.on Letterman!appears at the Great American Comedy Festivalfilms at the Studio for his feature "Call Me Lucky" (at Sundance now!)August:win the Emmy for Best Animated Series!stops by to-do's 'Secret Menu'.September:stops by.October:on Conan-"He works regularly at the Comedy Studio in Harvard Square. Please welcome Matt Donaher!" -Conan O'BrienNovember:offers Comedy Studio fans first shot at tickets for his late show at the Somerville Theater.andget the spots opening for Louie at the Somerville theater.December:on Conan.And some really bad stuff...the sad note, we lost, and
Contractors for Alexandria scrape and flush a sewer at the corner of King and Union streets in 2012. The city will speed up by 14 years its study of what to do about the 11.3 million gallons of sewage spilled into the Potomac River each year. (Tracy A. Woodward)
Alexandria will speed up by 14 years its study of what to do about the 11.3 million gallons of sewage spilled into the Potomac River each year from a single pipe in Old Town, the City Council unanimously agreed Wednesday night.
The city is under pressure from the state and federal governments — and local environmentalists — to stop allowing overflows from its combined stormwater and sewer system, which happen every time it rains more than a trace.
The council earlier this year approved a $188 million plan to catch and hold the overflows from three of its four outfalls, which drain south into Hunting Creek and then into the Potomac. But the council said it would wait until 2032 to study how to address the biggest overflow, the one that dumps sewage directly into Oronoco Bay at the foot of Pendleton Street.
On Wednesday, the council voted to have the city environmental services office launch its study of how to address the Oronoco outfall in 2018. Planning would start in 2026, followed by construction in the 2030s.
[Alexandria's Old Town spews 11 million gallons of raw sewage into Potomac]
The council voted in May to build a 1.6-million-gallon storage tunnel and a 3-million-gallon holding tank for the three outfalls that empty south of the Capital Beltway.
The state Department of Environmental Quality, which must approve the sewer repair plan, sent the city a letter in mid-October questioning its assumptions on rainfall.
That tunnel and tank project would be paid for with bonds, potentially adding $10 to $15 per month to the average residential sewer bill, which now ranges from $45 to $60. City officials say a similar fix at the Oronoco site would probably add another $12.50 a month to sewer bills.
Mayor Allison Silberberg (D) and council member Paul Smedberg (D) have asked state lawmakers who represent Alexandria to seek state money to defray some of those costs.
A spokesman for the Potomac Riverkeeper Network on Thursday called the city's decision to alter its time frame “spinning to a ridiculous degree,”and argued that the years-long studies are merely foot-dragging because the technology to address the overflows is well established.
“That is unacceptable to us and should be unacceptable to the citizens of Alexandria who want to recreate in the river safely,” said Phillip Musegaas, vice president of programs and litigation for the environmental group. “To us, it makes no sense to deal with half the problem now and push the other half of the problem far down the road.”
Silberberg said city officials are moving as fast as they can.
“This issue has been festering in the city not just for years, but decades,” she said. “Given the magnitude of the construction that will be necessary, the city's timeline is a reasonable and responsible approach.”
More than 800 cities nationwide are grappling with sewer-overflow issues, including Chicago, Philadelphia and the District, which is building a $2.6 billion, 13-mile tunnel to store sewage and rainwater en route to the Blue Plains wastewater-treatment plant, just across the river from Alexandria.
Until this week, Alexandria planned to address the North Old Town sewage overflow in the short term by requiring separate sewage and stormwater systems in new projects and encouraging installation of permeable pavement, green roofs and more trees.
After pushback from some residents, environmentalists and state Sen. Scott Surovell (D-Fairfax), whose legislative district lies just south of Alexandria, the council decided to also speed up its plan to study of what else might be needed.
At their meeting, council members credited local activist Jack Sullivan, who wrote a report to a citizens advisory committee recommendation, for pushing them to come up with a more proactive plan for Oronoco Bay.
Silberberg said his effort was “a great reminder that one citizen can make a difference.”
Sullivan called the council's action “a step in the right direction” Thursday, and said he was glad the council had “acknowledged that we have an obligation to clean up” the Oronoco Bay sewage overflow as well as others.
article
WASHINGTON (AP) — President Donald Trump abruptly fired FBI Director James Comey Tuesday, dramatically ousting the nation's top law enforcement official in the midst of an FBI investigation into whether Trump's campaign had ties to Russia's election meddling.
Continue Reading Below
In a letter to Comey, Trump said the firing was necessary to restore "public trust and confidence" in the FBI. Comey has come under intense scrutiny in recent months for his role in an investigation into Democrat Hillary Clinton's email practices, including a pair of letters he sent to Congress on the matter in the closing days of last year's election.
Trump made no mention of Comey's role in the Clinton investigation, which she has blamed in part for the election result that put him in the White House. But in announcing the firing, the White House circulated a scathing memo, written by deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein, criticizing Comey's handling of the Clinton probe, including the director's decision to hold a news conference announcing its findings and releasing "derogatory information" about Clinton.
The firing of an FBI director is exceedingly rare. Democrats slammed the move, comparing it to President Richard Nixon's "Saturday Night Massacre" decision to fire the independent special prosecutor overseeing the Watergate investigation, prompting the resignations of the Justice Department's top two officials.
"This is Nixonian," Sen. Bob Casey, D-Pa., declared on Twitter. "Outrageous," said Oregon Sen. Ron Wyden, calling for Comey to immediately be summoned to testify to Congress about the status of the Trump-Russia investigation
Trump has ridiculed the FBI investigation, as well as concurrent congressional investigations, as a "hoax" and has denied that his campaign was involved in Russia's election meddling. In his letter to Comey, he asserted that the FBI director had informed him "on three separate occasions that I am not under investigation."
Advertisement
The White House said the search for a new FBI director was beginning immediately.
Tuesday's stunning announcement came shortly after the FBI corrected a sentence in Comey's sworn testimony on Capitol Hill last week. Comey told lawmakers that Huma Abedin, a top aide to Hillary Clinton, had sent "hundreds and thousands" of emails to her husband's laptop, including some with classified information.
On Tuesday, the FBI said in a two-page letter to the Senate Judiciary Committee that only "a small number" of the thousands of emails found on the laptop had been forwarded there while most had simply been backed up from electronic devices. Most of the email chains on the laptop containing classified information were not the result of forwarding, the FBI said.
Some lawmakers welcomed news of the dismissal.
"Given the recent controversies surrounding the director, I believe a fresh start will serve the FBI and the nation well," said Republican Lindsay Graham of South Carolina, chairman of a Senate Judiciary subcommittee investigating the Russian campaign interference.
Sen. Dianne Feinstein of California, the top Democrat on the Judiciary Committee, said Trump called her Tuesday afternoon to inform her of his decision.
"The next FBI director must be strong and independent and will receive a fair hearing in the Judiciary Committee," she said in a statement.
Comey, 56, was nominated by President Barack Obama for the FBI post in 2013 to a 10-year term. That appointment does not ensure a director will serve the full 10 years, though Comey is only the second FBI chief to be fired.
Praised by both parties for his independence and integrity, Comey has spent three decades in law enforcement.
But his prominent role in the 2016 presidential campaign raised questions about his judgment and impartiality. Though the FBI did not recommend charges against Clinton for mishandling classified information, Comey was blisteringly critical of her decision to use a personal email account and private internet sever during her four years as secretary of state.
Clinton has partially blamed her loss on Comey's disclosure to Congress less than two weeks before Election Day that the email investigation would be revisited. He later said the FBI, again, had found no reason to bring any charges.
Trump disagreed with her assessment, tweeting that Comey actually "was the best thing that ever happened to Hillary Clinton in that he gave her a free pass for many bad deeds!"
Clinton's advisers were stunned by Trump's decision. Former campaign spokesman Brian Fallon said that while he believed Comey "inflicted severe damage" on the FBI, "the timing and manner of this firing suggest that it is the product of Donald Trump feeling the heat on the ongoing Russia investigation and not a well thought out response to the inappropriate handling of the Clinton investigation."
Before the past months' controversies, Comey was perhaps best known for a remarkable 2004 standoff with top officials in the George W. Bush administration over a federal domestic surveillance program.
As the deputy attorney general, Comey rushed to the hospital bed of Attorney General John Ashcroft to physically stop White House officials in their bid to get his ailing boss to reauthorize a secret no-warrant wiretapping program.
Comey described the incident in 2007 testimony to Congress, explaining that he believed the spy program put in place after the Sept. 11, 2001, terror attacks was legally questionable.
When he learned that Andrew Card, the president's chief of staff, and Alberto Gonzales, the White House counsel, were heading to Ashcroft's hospital room despite Ashcroft's wife's instructions that there be no visitors, Comey told Congress, Comey beat them there and watched as Ashcroft turned them away.
"That night was probably the most difficult night of my professional life," Comey said.
___
AP writers Darlene Superville, Ken Thomas, Vivian Salama, Catherine Lucey and Sadie Gurman contributed to this report.
Aston Martin has today officially announced a ‘technical' partnership with Mercedes-AMG.
The two companies signed a new deal that will see Aston Martin access ‘significant' Mercedes-AMG and Mercedes-Benz resources; namely, the supply of bespoke V8 engines, and the use of some electric/electronic architecture.
Aston says the new partnership with AMG will help launch a new generation of models with these new V8s and “cutting edge technology”. Daimler will in turn own a stake of up to five per cent non-voting shares in Aston Martin (depending on the progress of the agreement, of course), joining existing Aston Martin shareholders Investment DAR, Adeem Investment, and Investindustrial.
Ian Minards, Aston product development director, said: “Working with AMG in this way, while, of course, remaining independent and preserving the unique character and style of Aston Martin that has been the mainstay of the company throughout its 100-year history, points to a very bright future for the company as it starts its second century in business.”
AMG's chief, Ola Källenius, added: “We are proud to work with Aston Martin and provide them with powertrain and e/e components for their forthcoming sports cars. This is proof of AMG's technological and performance expertise and a real win-win situation for both sides.”
What does all this mean? Well don't expect to see TG's mocked up logo (above), that's for sure. Both sides are refusing to comment further, but, the Lagonda concept previewed a while back sat on a Mercedes-Benz ML, and Aston has needed some development on their V8 - and V12 - for some time now, as they haven't really been expanded much during their lifespans. Don't forget too, that AMG also supplies Pagani with powertrains, so it's not the first time this has happened.
The electric architecture thing is interesting, though, pointing to a potential hybrid Aston Martin V8 in the future. It could also mean the firm introduces start/stop to its range, at the very least.
As always, we'll have more on this story as it breaks. What's your take on the Aston and AMG tie-up, dot.commers?
Getty Images
49ers linebacker Aldon Smith has not avoided jail time. But he has gotten the closest thing possible to no jail time.
According to Tracy Kaplan of the San Jose Mercury News, a judge has sentenced 49ers linebacker Aldon Smith to 12 days in jail on gun and DUI charges. He gets credit for one day served, and he'll serve the remaining 11 by participating in a work crew on Mondays, starting July 28.
It means that he'll typically miss one day of work each week until the 11 days are served, exposing Smith to a fine from the 49ers. The bigger consequence as it relates to Smith's job comes from the decision to reduce the three weapons charges from felonies to misdemeanors. That gives the outcome far less sting, from a legal standpoint.
He'll also serve 235 hours of community service and pay a $2,000 fine. Smith will be placed on three years of probation, during which time he can't own a weapon or ammunition.
The NFL will now review the case for discipline under the personal-conduct policy. Given his history of off-field issues, a suspension is probable. The reduction of the felonies to misdemeanors could help minimize or even eliminate the suspension.
UPDATE: 7:50 p.m. EDT -- Two suspects were arrested and were being interrogated in connection with an attack on a hotel in Mali's capital, Bamako, the country's internal security minister said, Reuters reported.
"One of the assailants was killed. We are examining the sack he was carrying, which could contain explosives," Interior Security Minister Col. Salif Traoré said on state television. "Two suspects were arrested and are being interrogated."
Original story:
Unidentified gunmen stormed a hotel Monday in Mali's capital, Bamako, according to a Defense Ministry official and a witness, Reuters reported. The hotel had been converted into a base for a European Union military training mission. A Defense Ministry spokesman confirmed shots were fired.
“The attackers tried to force through the entry and the guards posed in front of the entrance opened fire. One attacker was killed. The gunfire continued for several minutes,” said one witness near the Nord-Sud hotel, Reuters reported.
The Nord-Sud hotel serves as the headquarters for the mission of almost 600 EU military personnel deployed to Mali to train its security forces, according to Reuters. A Twitter account identified as the “official account of the European Union Training Mission in Mali” tweeted that no European Union Training Mission-Mali personnel had been hurt or injured during the attack, and that it was securing the area.
The U.S. Embassy in Bamako advised citizens to avoid the area and seek shelter.
2/2 Citizens should avoid ACI2000 area until further notice & shelter in place. Emb compound is in duck&cover status. More info to follow. — U.S. Embassy Bamako (@USEmbassyMali) March 21, 2016
Bamako is no stranger to violence. A terrorist attack in the city last year claimed the lives of several people, including a security officer who had been working for the EU delegation in Mali. In a separate attack last year, five people were killed in a machine-gun and grenade assault at a bar in Bamako. In November, dozens of people were killed after the Radisson Blu hotel in Bamako was seized by the group al Qaeda in the Islamic Maghreb. Earlier this month, the group also launched an attack on a beach resort town in the Ivory Coast, killing 19 people.
While there was no immediate claim of responsibility for the attack, radical Islamist terrorism runs rampant in West Africa. Recent terrorist attacks in Burkina Faso, Mali, Ivory Coast and Nigeria were all against soft targets, such as beach resorts, hotels and places of worship, according to the Council on Foreign Relations.
The Ministry of Justice has come under renewed pressure to cut ties with Anetta Kahane after a Stasi expert declared her unfit to lead a “sensitive task like controlling the internet” based on her history working with the Communist secret police.
A review of the former Stasi informant's files has led to further questions over Justice Minister Heiko Maas's decision to use Kahane's Amadeu Antonio Foundation to oversee a programme of removing “hate speech” online and prosecuting its authors.
Writing in Focus on Sunday, Communist political oppression academic and Stasi expert Dr. Hubertus Knabe, said it is “incomprehensible” that the ministry chose a foundation headed by Kahane to lead a “sensitive task such as controlling the internet”.
Director of the Hohenschönhausen Stasi Memorial, Knabe reviewed Kahane's files and found that she had lied about her history with the Communist secret police, whose repression leaves many survivors still traumatised today.
Kahane hid her involvement for decades but when the files were made public, and revealed her to be an informant, the campaigner for open borders claimed she was put under extreme pressure by the Ministry of State Security (MfS) and forced to cooperate.
In his article for Focus, Knabe revealed that the foundation head, under the codename “Victoria”, delivered reports about friends and conversation partners, relayed the names of people who were sympathetic to dissident songwriters, and even reported a student for being “politically unsettled and unclear”.
Far from having only cooperated under pressure, Kahane received a gold fountain pen from the MfS for her service, management recording that she “has a strong positive attitude towards the security services”.
Knabe concluded the piece by recommending that the Ministry of Justice “would be well advised to end cooperation” with the Amadeu Antonio Foundation.
Former Bundestag deputy Vera Lengsfeld, who was a prominent civil rights activist in Communist East Germany, slammed the task force at the weekend as an “internet spy group”.
Noting the foundation's recording and removal of ‘hate speech' from the internet had increased 353 per cent over last year, but that nearly 90 per cent of these were not legally actionable, she accused Maas of having launched a “procedure of extrajudicial censorship”.
Alternative for Germany (AfD) MEP Beatrix von Storch took to Facebook following the revelation, writing: “We pay taxes for the Ministry of Justice to give money to a Stasi-led authority to make propaganda against us? I propose to examine as to whether tax evasion is justified in self-defense. My money should not be spent directing propaganda against me.”
Kahane is a fanatic supporter of open borders and has declared it vital that the European Union change its immigration policy so as to eventually make natives of the continent a minority.
“This is very important; you have to change the educational system and the self-understanding of the states. They are not only white anymore or only Swedish or only Portuguese or only German. They are multicultural places in the world,” she said.
Earlier this year the high-circulation German parenting magazine Baby & Family carried a special report, informed by the Amadeu Antonio Foundation, warning that families who are “cheerful” and “blonde” could be right wing and thus “dangerous”.
A three-door bus body assembled by Soon Chow Corp for bus body supplier ADL. The mock-up does not have an engine and will be displayed at this month's Singapore International Transport Congress and Exhibition.
Singapore
PUBLIC buses with three doors would not only take longer to deliver but also cost significantly more if the Land Transport Authority (LTA) were to introduce them in response to the Public Transport Council's (PTC) Advisory Report.
Public buses currently have one door in front and another in the middle, between the two axles. But the LTA is looking at buses with a third door at the end, behind the rear axle, and two staircases for improved commuter flow and to encourage commuters to move to the rear of the bus.
The move follows some of the recommendations made in the PTC's Advisory Report, which aims to enhance the commuting experience by making bus and train travel more comfortable and accessible for all.
sentifi.com Market voices on:
While three-door variants are commonplace in Europe, virtually all of them are left-hand-drive (LHD) models and cannot be easily converted for Singapore's right-hand-drive (RHD) market.
This is because the bus engine is located in the rear and the entire chassis has to be re-configured before the doors can be moved to the left side of the vehicle.
The senior executive of a bus supplier said: "We have buses with three doors but not in right-hand-drive. In fact, this option is not available in the market."
But he added that even though this configuration does not yet exist, current models can be re-engineered to meet the requirement.
"It is not impossible but it will involve significant cost," he said.
The senior executive declined to be named as he said that the LTA could be calling for a tender soon for both single- and double-decker buses with three doors, and he did not want to jeopardise his prospects.
There are currently more than 5,500 public buses in Singapore, operated by former incumbents SBS Transit and SMRT Buses, as well as newcomers Tower Transit and Go-Ahead.
Of these, SBS Transit runs about two-thirds and SMRT a quarter. Tower Transit and Go-Ahead together operate the remaining 10 per cent or so for now.
The transport operators use mainly the Volvo, Mercedes-Benz, Scania and Man brands, and one of these is understood to be specially developing a three-door RHD bus for the Singapore market but only in single-deck trim.
Soon Chow Corp, Singapore's oldest bus manufacturer, recently built a three-door double-decker for UK bus body supplier Alexander Dennis Limited (ADL).
The mock-up does not have an engine and will be displayed at this month's Singapore International Transport Congress and Exhibition.
The managing director of a bus chassis manufacturer said converting a three-door LHD bus to RHD "is difficult and involves a lot of work".
He said: "The development fees are high and because of Singapore's small volume, the cost of each bus will also be high."
Jeremy Scahill, an investigative foreign correspondent whose first documentary, “Dirty Wars,” opens Friday, writes for The Nation and achieved his biggest success with “Blackwater,” a best-selling book critiquing security contractors hired by the George W. Bush administration. Neither of which keeps him from being labeled a right-wing stooge by detractors.
“Most of my hate mail nowadays comes from liberals, not conservatives,” he said.
This is because Mr. Scahill has also been an outspoken critic of President Obama. Specifically, he disapproves of what he describes as the administration's efforts to “normalize and legitimize” targeted assassinations — drone-executed and otherwise — Special Operations raids and other covert military practices that blur the battle lines of the war on terrorism.
“Dirty Wars” is his latest salvo. In the film (his book with the same title came out in April), Mr. Scahill investigates several American strikes that killed civilians with no apparent ties to terrorist groups, beginning with a February 2010 raid in the village of Khatabeh, Afghanistan, that killed several members of a family. An Afghan police chief and three women were among the dead. (The United States first denied and then acknowledged its role in the deaths.)
Along the way Mr. Scahill suggests that such acts are radicalizing Muslims both obscure — a man in Khatabeh talks about wanting to become a suicide bomber — and well-known, like the American cleric-turned-Qaeda firebrand Anwar al-Awlaki, who was killed by drones in September 2011. “We are encouraging a self-fulfilling prophecy,” Mr. Scahill said. “We are making more new enemies than we are killing actual terrorists.”
Attorney-General George Brandis criticises Labor 'farce' over Bell Group litigation
Posted
Attorney-General George Brandis has condemned Labor's hour-and-a-half-long suspension of normal parliamentary business to pursue his role in a complex legal battle as a "farce".
Key points: Labor demands answers from George Brandis about Bell Group case
"I have never seen such a farce of Senate procedure," Senator Brandis said
Senator Brandis hides behind professional privilege by not releasing legal battle advice, Labor says
Today is the final scheduled sitting day before the May budget and the Federal Government wants to push through its company tax cuts and changes to the Racial Discrimination Act.
But just after the Senate met this morning, Labor moved a motion demanding further answers from Senator Brandis about the litigation to claw back close to $1 billion from the late Alan Bond's failed Bell Group.
"I have never seen such a farce of Senate procedure in the 17 years I've been here as I've seen this morning," he told the Senate.
During the session, he repeatedly stated he had answered all of the questions Labor senators Louise Pratt and Murray Watt, Greens senator Nick McKim and independent senator Derryn Hinch posed to him during earlier hearings of a Senate inquiry.
Labor alleged Senator Brandis was hiding behind legal professional privilege by not releasing advice he received on the legal battle.
"It has never been accepted in the Senate, nor in any comparable representative assembly, that legal professional privilege provides grounds for a refusal of information in a parliamentary forum," Senator Pratt said.
Labor has seized upon evidence from the Australian Tax Office (ATO) that officials had heard "bureaucratic whispers" Senator Brandis was going to intervene in the litigation.
'It's an argument about nothing'
But Senator Brandis cited evidence from the ATO it was not influenced in how it approached the case.
"So, this entire wasted morning is an argument about nothing," he said.
"It's an argument about an instruction that was never given, about a direction that was never issued, and the highest to which the case made by the Opposition rises on the basis of evidence from an officer earlier in the week, who was not directly involved, was that he had heard some bureaucratic whispers."
Senator Watt criticised Senator Brandis, and asked him when was the last time a minister had been dragged before the Senate for such a grilling.
The Bell litigation is the longest-running and most expensive legal battle in Australian history.
Senator Brandis quoted Charles Dickens' Bleak House, which is focussed on a fictional and complex court case that "droned on" for decades.
Topics: federal-government, government-and-politics, law-crime-and-justice, australia
Just over seven years since the start of the Iraq War, the scheduled withdrawal of American forces is now becoming more evident. Last year, Americans pulled out of Iraqi cities and are working toward the formal end of combat operations by September 1st, when the number of soldiers in Iraq is expected to go from 77,500 to 50,000, and the name of the operation will change from "Operation Iraqi Freedom" to "Operation New Dawn". Iraq continues to face multiple challenges including home-grown problems and potential external threats. Political uncertainty and wrangling after elections in March has fostered greater instability throughout the country with fears of renewed sectarian violence breaking out as insurgents step up attacks in an attempt to exploit vulnerabilities. Collected here are some recent photographs from the Iraq conflict. ( 42 photos total
Due to current construction activities related to the Treasure Island Development Project, the Treasure Island Development Authority is strongly discouraging the general public from visiting Treasure Island to view Air Show and related on-water activities during Fleet Week 2017, October 2nd through October 9th.
On-Island viewing areas and parking spaces are extremely limited for both the weekday Air Show rehearsals and the weekend Fleet Week Air Shows. Many parking areas used by the public in prior years are now inaccessible. Traffic delays onto and off of the Islands are to be expected throughout Development Project activities, including during Fleet Week 2017.
Bay Area residents who have previously viewed the Air Show activity from Treasure Island are encouraged to instead view the activities this year from San Francisco at one of the official Fleet Week event locations along the San Francisco Waterfront.
There is no impact to the MUNI 25 bus route, but Island residents should be still be prepared for increased traffic along Avenue of the Palms, particularly post-event, from 4:00PM-6:00PM each day. Avenue H is recommended for local Island traffic use these days. DPT officers will be on-site Saturday and Sunday, October 7 and 8 to assist with traffic control and protection of the residential parking areas from vehicles without Treasure Island Parking Permits.
Full information on Fleet Week 2017 activities in San Francisco is available at: www.FleetWeekSF.org
The Treasure Island Development Authority thanks you in advance for your cooperation.
Timothy John McConnell has battled for every minute that he's played for the Philadelphia 76ers, but is it enough to keep him around in 2017? So far this season, his statistics are giving him a solid chance.
T.J. McConnell‘s abilities are vividly defined by his statistics so far this season. After Sunday afternoon's loss to the Cleveland Cavaliers, McConnell ranks ninth overall in assists per 48 minutes, with 11.3. He is also sixth in assist-to-turnover ratio out of all guards that average at least 4.0 assists per game, with 3.2.
T.J. is the NBA's version of a game-managing quarterback, but can observers of the game view him as a QB who has no wide receivers to catch the ball (I'm sorry for bringing that up, by the way, Eagles fans)? Translating this to basketball talk, are T.J. McConnell's best attributes on full display, despite having limited weapons around him over the last two years? If they are, then how good will he be once the Philadelphia 76ers have a bevy of scoring options on the roster?
Along with McConnell's efficient distribution numbers, he has also shown a grittiness, much like Matthew Dellavedova, who signed a four-year, $38-million deal with the Milwaukee Bucks this offseason. Never hesitant to dive face-first on the wooden court, much like the aforementioned “Delly,” as of Monday morning, Timothy John ranks fourth in steals per 48 minutes with 3.7 per game.
So, what happens if he's still on the team next season and the 76ers have a brand new (and
improved) selection of scoring options? Set aside the argument of whether or not McConnell will ever make the team, especially since the 2017 NBA Draft is stuffed with talented guards, wouldn't T.J. be the perfect backup, or maybe third string in the future?
After watching UCLA‘s Lonzo Ball carve up the Texas A&M Aggies Sunday night, along with point guards such as Markelle Fultz, Dennis Smith Jr., De'Aaron Fox, and Frank Ntilikina, McConnell will be accompanied by the weight of adversity. Thankfully, for his sake, he is no stranger to that.
T.J. McConnell was signed by the Sixers during the 2015 offseason, after an impressive showing throughout the NBA Summer League, followed up by an outstanding training camp and preseason. He was added by Philadelphia after playing four years in the NCAA, two with the Duquesne Dukes (2010-2012) and then two with the Arizona Wildcats (2013 to 2015).
The 76ers' first-overall pick in the 2016 draft, Ben Simmons, was pleased with what he saw while playing with McConnell is Las Vegas this past summer. He liked him so much that he decided to give him (us) this gift:
I guess it doesn't hurt to have the number-one pick in your corner. But, before we can begin speculating where T.J. will be in 2017, it will be interesting to see how things play out once Simmons returns to basketball action.
After hinting on Twitter, by the way of a “like,” that he'd be back before the Star break (yes, this is journalism in 2016), it's unknown how many minutes will be there for McConnell, also know as “Floor General” on Basketball Reference (You can't see me right now, but I'm making a weird face. I had no clue that name existed). Nonetheless, he'll be competing with Sergio Rodriguez, Jerryd Bayless, and then Simmons when he returns from his fifth-metatarsal fracture, which he suffered in training camp.
(a) I drove. You gave terrible directions but somehow we made it to the tiny, unnamed Mexican joint off an equally tiny and unnamed side street. It was half tienda, half restaurante, and you led me past rows of prepackaged Latin American snacks and a bar with men engrossed in a television to the last booth in the row. The waitress came over. I ordered un agua, por favor, and when she didn't understand my too-quiet, bastardized version of Spanish you broke into an unfettered stream of rolling r's and lilted syllables and the waitress smiled. Un agua arrived, sin problema. I barely knew you, but I could love you.
(b) Later, I put my unfinished enchiladas in a white take-out box and we walked outside, the bright sunlight making us both squint. I reached for my keys. The box fell. I laughed and bent down to pick it up and my sudden motion flung my water into the air and all over my hair and you couldn't help me because you were doubled over, laughing too hard. Then I knew: I could love you.
(c) Your bookshelf was cluttered with Rosetta Stone tape sets — Czech, Russian, French, Italian. “I can't resist them at yardsales,” you said, flushing and scuffing your foot along the wood floor.
“Tell me something in Czech,” I said, turning over the back of the box and looking at the unfamiliar syllables. Ne, není to horký venku, je venku chladno. No, it's not hot outside, it is cold outside.
You turned redder. “I keep meaning to get around to actually listening to them.”
I laughed, put the Czech back, thought, I could love you.
(d) We pretended to watch a movie. Your fingers beat a tattoo on my knee. Your house didn't have A/C, but your 17-inch screen needed the fan more than we did. There, in a tiny steamy room in backwoods North Carolina, I decided I could love you.
(e) I showed your picture to my mom after that particular date. “Oh honey, he looks old,” she said, squinting and holding up my camera. “Can you make it zoom in?” I zoomed as requested, panning around until my screen showed your face: beard, glasses, hint of a smile, sun slashing your face into dark and light segments, eyelashes that were stuck together in tiny triangles. “He just looks so old,” she said. She rubbed the screen, as if that would somehow erase your beard, and the years that it added. It didn't matter. I could love you. I don't, but I could.
_____
This happens to everyone. It is inevitable. Once, I was lucky and I could love you turned into I love you. Once, I was unlucky and I could love you turned into I hate you. Lots of other times, I was typical and I could love you turned into I like you decently enough but not enough to take you to meet my parents.
This happens to you, too. You smile at a girl in your Biology class wearing an A-line skirt and glasses, and you imagine sitting with her in a café in Paris on your honeymoon. You meet a boy at a bar drinking your favorite kind of beer and you wonder whether he likes TV and will want one in your future apartment. The phenomenon of I could love you is heart-wrenching simply because it is universal and inescapable.
Sometimes I wish I could turn it off, flick the switch that reads, “not interested in potential loves-of-my-life, thank you very much,” and walk home from the grocery store without head-over-heelsing about excellent eye contact from someone with the bluest eyes. And sometimes I'm glad I'm human so that when I go home and post on craigslist missed connections and actually receive a legitimate reply, I have the leeway to decide: no, I had the perfect moment of the bluest eye contact right there on the sidewalk. It doesn't need to be anything else. Because at that moment — I could love you.
Cities and states around the nation are struggling to figure out ways to recycle glass without losing money. Glass prices are down, and the cost of hauling is often more than the value of the glass itself.
“There is no state out there that doesn't have a glass problem,” says Dusti Johnson, a specialist in recycling and market development for Montana's Department of Environmental Quality. But in Big Sky Country, dealing with discarded bottles is enough of a headache that the state just doesn't do it. And that bothers a lot of residents.
Not enough glass is consumed to justify the fuel needed to haul it.
Montana is one of the largest states in terms of landmass, but one of the smallest in terms of population—the 2014 census estimate put the population at just over one million residents, or seven people per square mile. This means not enough glass is consumed to justify the fuel needed to haul it, especially considering that the nearest glass-processing plants are hundreds of miles away. The state can't just lump it in with other recyclables either, since glass doesn't play well with others; if a bottle breaks in a bin full of otherwise uncontaminated recyclables, the shards can ruin the batch—or worse, the machinery it's processed in.
Johnson says that “thousands” of people call her office to complain about the state's lack of glass recycling, but the money to pay for it hasn't become available. So far, conversations at the state legislature about raising taxes to pay for glass recycling have always stalled out.
But state-run programs aren't the only way to keep bottles out of the landfill. Bavaria Brewing, in Missoula, has purchased an industrial bottle-washing machine and many of the surrounding breweries have switched to using glass bottles compatible with the washing system. In the past three years, this cooperation between brewers has saved almost 2.5 million bottles from the landfills.
Raisins in the chocolate chip cookies
Weight isn't the only obstacle to recycling glass; it also requires a lot of purity. “Glass melts at different temperatures by color,” says Johnson, and if someone throws plate glass—like from old windows—into the mix, the whole batch will go bad. “It's like you're making chocolate chip cookies and someone threw raisins into the damn things.”
While some might argue the occasional raisin is OK in a cookie, it's not OK when it comes to recycling. And the cookie example is actually pretty applicable to Johnson's entire career. She's spent way too much of her life picking unrecyclable things out of the mix. “I've picked yards and yards of glass out of piles. I've had sour milk run down my arms way too many times.”
Photo courtesy of Bavaria Brewery.
Meanwhile, people have never been more into recycling. According to a recent EPA report, Americans recycled 65 million tons of municipal solid waste in 2013. Unfortunately, we're not always very good at sorting it.
“People want to do it, but the task on us is, ‘how do we make it easy and how do we educate people to do it correctly?'” says Brenda Pulley, the senior vice president for recycling at Keep America Beautiful, a nonprofit that focuses on building sustainable communities. “There's so much contamination happening right now in the stream.”
In fact, because so many stray raisins are ending up in the cookie dough, Pulley says that her organization is moving from a motto of “recycle everything possible” to “if in doubt, throw it out.” In order to really get Americans sorting properly, she says we likely need to either provide massive education programs (something the group is working on) or provide economic incentives.
From Germany to America, with sustainability
Bavaria's program shows what a grassroots approach to providing an economic incentive might look like. For brewers, washing and reusing bottles eliminates the raw material cost of buying new ones.
It also takes out the queasy feeling that comes with knowing your product is contributing majorly to landfills. “We are a German brewing company with a German founder, and in Germany it's very common for a resource to be returned and filled again,” says Thorsten Geuer, brewmaster for Bavaria Brewing. For its 25th anniversary in 2013, Bavaria plunked down more than $300,000 to import a Seitz industrial bottle washer from Germany. It was the smallest washer that the company had ever constructed, but it's all that Bavaria could fit in its already-packed brewery.
“It does 5,000 bottles at a time,” Geuer boasts, and since it doesn't have to melt and reshape the glass, it has a significantly lighter carbon footprint than traditional recycling methods. But what really makes Bavaria's program work is the cooperation it gets from other Montana breweries.
Montana has one of the most robust craft brew scenes in the country. According to the Brewer's Association, the state has the fourth-highest number of breweries per capita in the nation. In some places this might breed fierce rivalries. But Doug Bailey, the sales manager for Red Lodge Ales, says that's hardly the case in Montana; the local pioneer spirit leads to more cooperation than competition.
In the past three years, this cooperation between brewers has saved almost 2.5 million bottles from the landfills.
Right now, six of the state's largest brewers collect bottles for washing at Bavaria. Residents can drop bottles off at their local tasting room and when one of the breweries has a full load, a recycling company comes and picks them up. These six brewers have all committed to using a bottle compatible with Bavaria's machine, which means the bottles must hold 12 ounces and cannot have any embossing on them.
“We started participating about three years ago,” says Bailey, adding that it was an easy decision because Red Lodge Ales already used compatible bottles. Essentially all it had to do was commit a bit of warehouse space to holding the used ones. Bailey estimates that Red Lodge Ales has collected 125,000 bottles since teaming up with Bayern. The program got another big boost recently when Yellowstone National Park announced it would be sending all of its glass beer bottles to Bavaria for washing and refilling too.
“They really deserve an award for this program,” says Johnson. “They're saying ‘hey, bring your waste back' and then they're using it again, which is even better than recycling.”
About This Game
From PlatinumGames' legendary director Hideki Kamiya of Resident Evil and Devil May Cry fame, SEGA brings one of the most universally acclaimed character action games of all time to PC.Bayonetta. The last survivor of an ancient witch clan who keep the balance between light, dark and chaos. Entombed to protect herself – and the world as we know it – Bayonetta is discovered and revived after 500 years, sparking a chain of events with cataclysmic repercussions.Thrust straight into battle, with only one clue to her past, Bayonetta must discover the truth and fight for the future. Her daunting conquest sees her face off against countless angelic enemies and giant foes in a game of 100% pure action.An alluring, stylish and all-action heroine unlike anyone else on the gaming landscape, Bayonetta is ready to push your senses to the limit.Over-the-top action in extreme environments resulting in continuous high levels of tension and excitement – Bayonetta pushes the genre into new realms of intensity.Bayonetta wields an impressive arsenal of weapons through an intuitive and fluid combat system, unleashing deadly combos and special attacks with devastating results.Unleash gruesome torture attacks such as the Iron Maiden, Guillotine and more to finish off enemies and send them to hell.Steam Achievements, Steam Cloud Save, Trading Cards, Leader Boards, and Big Picture Mode.Unlocked resolutions up to 4K, anti-aliasing, anisotropic filtering, SSAO lighting, scalable texture and shadow quality, and more.Freely switch languages and subtitles at any time.
Do the Jazz Have the Best Bench in the NBA?
Do the Jazz Have the Best Bench in the NBA? by Hayden Van de Maat
Utah Jazz wing Rodney Hood has quickly become one of the better shooting guards in the NBA. How good can he be next season?
The Utah Jazz rebuild has been rightfully praised for many reasons — none larger than their ability to fill the coffers with young talent without bottoming out for long. There was no prolonged tank, no process to be trusted. The Jazz only had one year like that, winning 25 games in 2013-14 en route to a top-five pick.
That was the draft when Utah would get their superstar of the future, presumably with their fifth pick. And yet, in classic Jazz fashion, it's the 23rd pick of that draft who has emerged as a budding star.
Rodney Hood's evolution from draft-night slider to a starting-level shooting guard was a huge boon to Utah, but also one facilitated by savvy coaching. It's a common narrative that Hood's arrival was borne out of Alec Burks' injury. That may have been the case during his rookie season, but Hood was the starter from Day 1 last year.
Coach Snyder surprised many by choosing Hood over the incumbent Burks, but his decision would be thoroughly vindicated one game at a time. Snyder was more than happy to comment on his guard's maturation throughout the season. “I think we're seeing a more assertive player. Hood's a more confident player as he's gone through some tough games.” – Quin Snyder
Hood fits perfectly within Utah's offense, as a slashing guard with solid three-point numbers. When playing alongside the starters, he threads his way through screens off-ball, eluding his defenders before spotting up for three.
Over 65 percent of his three-point attempts were catch-and-shoot, and he canned those at a 38 percent clip. Just maintaining that would be perfectly fine, but Hood is likely to improve.
Looking at players' free throw percentage can be a good way to identify over and under-performing shooters, and Hood's 86 percent mark bodes well for his catch-and-shoot future from deep. There were 15 players who shot 85 percent (or higher) from the line and took 150 catch-and-shoot threes. Hood's 38 percent mark was 14th-worst among that group, with most guys shooting well over 40 percent. That should regress to the mean next season, with his easy stroke leading to even more knockdown threes.
Snyder's offense features a ton of actions away from the ball, mostly designed to get shooters free and cutters open. Their play type numbers bear it out — Utah topped the league in hand-offs and spot-ups. Hood often heard his number called on these plays, finishing in the top-10 in FGA's out of hand-off and spot-up actions.
Coupling that volume with tremendous efficiency (combined effective field goal percentage of 53.4) is what makes Hood so devastating.
Watching film on Hood, the first thing I noticed was his bounciness. He's not a Jimmy Butler-level athlete at the two, nor is he known as one. But he gets remarkable lift on his jumpers, even late in games when other players often lose their legs. That helps him to shoot over closeouts, and posting up hapless guards.
Hood's wingspan is puny for his size (6-foot-8.5 height, 6-foot-8.5 wingspan), but his sheer vertical while shooting makes up for a lot of that.
His benefits to the Jazz offense are undeniable. They score 1.05 points per possession when Hood is on the court, and just 1.00 PPP without him. And that ostensibly small gap is in fact massive — they're the 10th-best offense with Hood, and the 27th-best without.
That said, Hood is not without his flaws, even offensively. He's a weak shooter off the dribble, making only 31 percent of such threes. For a capable driver (4.4 drives per game), he never gets to the line. Shooting 4.1 FT's per 100 possessions is untenable, especially considering how much of a deadeye he is once there (for reference, guys like Mirza Teletovic, Kelly Olynyk, and Frank Kaminsky all had higher FT rates).
Hood's offense will be fine, even if he never develops a penchant for getting fouled. That's the benefit of being an above-average shooter. His real concerns are on defense, where he's a relative liability in Utah's lockdown scheme.
He struggles against slick-handling guards, who can slither by him with a nice crossover. CJ McCollum is the archetype for that breed of two-guard, and he went gangbusters three times against Utah this season. Hood has yet to master the nuances of pick-and-roll defense, and McCollum punished him for it.
Of course, precious few wings are ace defenders by their sophomore season. Hood will improve with age, especially if he breaks some of his bad habits off-ball. Like many guys in this league, Hood takes a beat to exhale once his man passes the ball. That split-second is all someone like McCollum (or Klay Thompson) need to sprint away and get loose for a spot-up look.
Without elite length to compensate, Hood needs to lock in off-ball.
All that said, he's a clear plus in the aggregate — and that doesn't even factor in his contract. Rookie scale deals were always a bargain, and the rising cap has only magnified that. Hood's going to make $1.4 million this year, less than one tenth of what Kent Bazemore will earn. With his precocious offensive game, Hood is one of the biggest bargains in the league.
He has legitimate All-Star upside, especially if he can become an adequate defender. Best of all, Hood is another name in a long list of homegrown Jazz talent. Snyder bet big on Hood to grow into a starting-caliber guard.
Turns out Hood might be far more than that.
President Donald Trump's favorability rating among the U.S Armed Forces is far higher than among the general public, according to a recent poll by Military Times.
According to the poll, 44 percent of all troops have a favorable rating of their commander in chief, while 40 percent see him unfavorably. Recent polls of the general population show favorable rating below 40 percent and unfavorables up to 56 percent, the Times noted.
But most of that support came from enlisted troops. The president got a thumbs up from 48 percent of enlisted personnel, while only 30 percent of officers agreed.
Women and minorities also had less favorable views. Men gave Trump a 47 percent favorable rating, while only 32 percent of women did.
Non-white servicemembers gave the president a 51 percent unfavorable mark, while only 37 percent of white troops did.
Members of the Navy gave Trump his highest unfavorables (49 percent), while Marines gave him his highest favorables (59 percent).
Retired Marine Maj. Ross Schellhaas told Military Times that Trump's style likely is a better match with those of young Marines than other branches.
"I think those young people come from the more conservative regions of our nation and tend to vote that way," Schellhaas said.
Then, there is Trump's Defense Secretary, retired Marine Gen. James Mattis, a beloved leader called "Mad Dog" by those who have served under him.
"That's the Mattis effect," said Phil Carter, director of the Military, Veterans, and Society Program at the Center for a New American Security.
Trump also has a retired Marine general, John Kelly, as his chief of staff.
The poll talked to 1,131 active-duty servicemembers online between Sept. 7 and 25. The margin of error for the total sample was plus-or-minus 3 percent.
We typically give little thought to our vehicle's windshield wipers until we actually need them and they don't properly work. I've had a few experiences where I was essentially driving blind through the torrential rain of an Oklahoma thunderstorm because my wiper blades were shot and simply smeared the sheets of water across my windshield. Man, those were some scary drives. Even when I've had brand spanking new blades, I've experienced a few drives where it seemed like no matter what I did, my windshield was a blurry mess.
Today we take a look at the most common windshield wiper problems and offer some solutions that will give you a clear view of the road ahead in even the worst weather. It's a good addendum to this week's post on maintaining your car.
Smearing in Both Directions
If your wipers smear water in both directions, you may have one of the following problems:
worn blades
a dirty windshield and/or wiper blade
sub-par windshield wiper fluid
Try using new wiper fluid and cleaning the windshield and wiper blades before you replace the blades. To clean your wiper blades, simply wipe them with a clean rag dipped in hot, soapy water. After you clean off the soap, wipe the edge of the blade with rubbing alcohol. That can help with reducing streaks on your windshield.
Water Smearing in Only One Direction
Water smearing in only one direction is common in cold weather, so there's not much you can do about that. If you notice the smearing in one direction even when it's not cold, it means your wiper blades are either, 1) old and hard or 2) the wrong size. Either way, you'll need to buy new wiper blades.
Water Beads That Won't Wipe Away
Boy, is this annoying. Water beads are actually supposed to be easy to wipe away. In fact, many of the windshield treatments that help keep your windshield clear cause water to bead and run off. But in certain conditions, beads won't wipe or run off your windshield. Instead they'll remain stuck dancing hypnotically on the glass, obscuring your vision.
This problem usually occurs in areas with high pollution. The residue and grime that builds up on your windshield causes water beads to stick. Before you treat your windshield with a product that repels water, give it a thorough cleaning to remove any residue that may have built up. If using a strong glass cleaner doesn't do the trick, you might consider using a wax remover on your windshield. Watch out for the paint, though!
Chattering
The sound of your wipers chattering away on your windshield isn't just grating, it also means the water isn't getting wiped away efficiently; you'll often see streak marks in the path of a chattering blade. There are a few possible causes of this problem. It's often the result of a buildup of wax, oil, or grease which prevents the blade from cleanly wiping the water away. Give your windshield a nice, thorough scrubbing. Give the blades a good cleaning too, for good measure.
If that doesn't fix the chattering, the problem may be a bent wiper arm. To make this diagnosis, bring the wiper up to mid-stroke on the windshield and examine the blade assembly. The blades should be making full contact on the windshield and the blade arms should be parallel to the glass. If the arm is bent, use some pliers to carefully twist it until it is parallel with the glass again.
A final reason that a wiper blade might chatter over the glass is because it is frozen. Give it some time to warm up with the defroster and you should be back in business.
Ensure Crystal Clear Vision by Regularly Changing Your Wiper Blades & Treating Your Windshield with a Water Repellant
Most of the problems above can be prevented by doing two simple tasks: changing your wiper blades regularly and treating your windshield with a water repellent.
Replace wiper blades regularly. Don't wait until you find yourself in a downpour to realize it's time to replace your wiper blades. They should be in top condition before you need them. The recommended wiper replacement schedule is once a year. Even if you don't use your blades all that often, it's still a good idea to replace them at this frequency. The hot sun beating down on an unused wiper blade can cause just as much damage as regular use in the rain.
A good time to replace your blades is at the tail end of winter. They'll likely have just finished their harshest tour of duty clearing away all that snow and ice. A fresh set of wiper blades in March will ensure that you're ready for the coming spring rains.
Treat your windshield with water repellent. There are a few products out on the market that, when applied to your windshield, repel water and make it easier for your blades to wipe it away. You have to apply it when your windshield is dry; so don't try waiting until it starts to rain. Treatments typically last a few months, so you'll need to reapply it regularly.
Windshield Washer Fluid Troubleshooting
You're cruising down the freeway at 75 MPH when you come upon a dump truck full of gravel and dirt spewing dust behind it. Your windshield becomes caked in dust and visibility is quickly diminishing. Your hand automatically reaches to your windshield wiper handle, turns to activate the washer fluid spray, and…. nothing happens. Ah, crap.
Windshield wiper fluid is one of those things you don't use too often, but it's pretty annoying (and sometimes unsafe) when you need it and the sprayers don't deliver. Here's a quick troubleshooting guide to help you figure out your windshield washer fluid woes so you can have clear driving no matter what you encounter along the road.
Check the washer fluid pump. Even if you have a full tank of fluid, if the pump doesn't work, your windshield can't get sprayed. To find out if a faulty pump is the problem, do the following:
Pop opens the hood and find the washer fluid pump. It's pretty easy to locate. Just follow the tubing from the washer sprayers until you run into the pump. Have a friend get in the driver's seat and activate the washer fluid switch. If the pump is working, it should make some noise. If your pump is silent, you'll need to replace it. I've never done this job before, but it's supposedly not too difficult. If you're comfortable with tinkering, have at it. If not, take it to a mechanic and have them replace it.
Check for leaks in the washer fluid tank and tubes. It doesn't matter how much washer fluid you dump down the tank, if you have a leak somewhere in your system, you'll always come up short on the blue stuff when you need it most. Check the washer fluid tank for cracks. If you find any, chuck it and replace it with a new one.
If there aren't any cracks in the tank, check the tubes leading to the spray nozzles for splits. If none are visible, run your fingers along the line. If you feel something wet, you found your leak. Replace as needed.
Check for clogged spray nozzles. If all the above checks out and you're still not getting any spray, you might have a clogged spray nozzle. Stick a pin or a toothpick in the nozzle and dislodge any gunk that may be clogging it.
Any other advice on solving common windshield wiper problems? Share it with us in the comments.
Asylum seeker baby: Tony Abbott 'regrets' incident but won't apologise for fate of asylum seekers
Updated
Prime Minister Tony Abbott says he "deeply" regrets that an asylum seeker was given limited access to her sick baby, but won't apologise "for what happens when people come to Australia illegally".
Latifa, a Rohingyan woman from Myanmar, gave birth in Brisbane's Mater Hospital last week but was returned to a detention centre while her baby remained in the neonatal intensive care unit.
For several days the Immigration Department only allowed Latifa to visit her baby at the hospital between 10:00am and 4:00pm.
Mr Abbott says he has read reports about Latifa's case and "deeply" regrets that she was separated from her child.
"But we've got to ask ourselves, why have any of these things happened?" he said on the sidelines of the Commonwealth Heads of Government Meeting in Sri Lanka.
"They've happened because people have come to Australia illegally by boat and if you want to avoid these things, you've got to stop the boats.
"I don't, as it were, apologise for what happens when people come to Australia illegally by boat, because I am determined, as the new Government is determined, to stop this dangerous, this horrible business."
The baby was discharged from hospital on Thursday.
A spokesman for the Immigration Minister Scott Morrison said on Thursday that doctors at the hospital had advised it is common for mothers not to stay overnight because of bed restrictions.
But in a statement, the Mater Hospital suggested Latifa should have been allowed to visit her child whenever she wanted.
The hospital says it encourages new mothers to be involved in the baby's care wherever possible to help establish a strong bond, and does not place restrictions on visiting hours.
"Mater places no restrictions on women and they can visit their baby anytime where possible," the statement said.
In his weekly media briefing on Friday, Mr Morrison revealed he has asked his department to investigate the matter.
"I have requested my department to look at the arrangements that were put around that particular instance to ensure that a mother would have as much access to their child as they would request and consistent with the standards and opportunities that would be otherwise available to any Australian at that hospital," he said.
"The issue here was also bed restrictions and bed restrictions don't apply only to people who might be transferees in this situation, they apply to Australians as well."
"I'm sure no-one is suggesting that anyone who found themselves in this situation as an asylum seeker should be receiving preferable treatment over, to any, Australian in that situation."
Former Liberal leader John Hewson this morning accused Mr Morrison of arrogance and condemned the decision to limit the woman's access to her baby as inhumane.
"It's inhumanity in the extreme in my view, I mean a mother in these circumstances is normally given 24-hour access to a child in intensive care," Dr Hewson told Sky News.
"I mean for heaven's sake, Morrison can go make all the short-term points he likes out there, but this is something I think that sends absolutely the wrong message."
Government to split border protection briefings for 'integrity'
Meanwhile, the Federal Government is changing the way it involves the military head of its border protection operation in its weekly media conferences, saying it wants to protect the integrity of the Australian Defence Force.
Mr Morrison says Operation Sovereign Borders Commander General Angus Campbell will no longer be present for the entire weekly briefing.
From now, Mr Morrison says, General Campbell will give his weekly report on the number of boat arrivals and take a few questions before leaving.
The move comes in the wake of criticism of the Government's tight control of information about the operation.
At last week's briefing, General Campbell repeatedly refused to give details about questions he said related to "on-water matters".
This week, he said three asylum seeker boats had arrived in the reporting period, carrying a total of 163 asylum seekers and eight crew.
Two boats arrived at Christmas Island, one on Sunday and one on Monday. Another boat arrived in Darwin on Monday.
Topics: refugees, immigration, human-trafficking, infant-health, australia, sri-lanka
First posted
Before the heat wave, the kelps stretched over 800 kilometers of Australia's western flank and cover 2,200 square kilometers. After the heat wave, Wernberg and Bennett found that 43 percent of these forests disappeared, including almost all the kelps from the most northerly 100 kilometers of the range. “It was just heartbreaking,” says Bennett. “It really brought home to me the impact that climate change can have on these ecosystems, right under our noses.”
“They have provided alarming and detailed evidence for one of the most dramatic climate-driven ecosystem shifts ever recorded,” adds Adriana Verges from the University of New South Wales.
Joan Costa
Indeed, if you think “reef” and “Australia” and you'll probably picture the Great Barrier Reef—a wonderland of corals off the country's eastern flank. It's also experiencing an annus horribilis: a bleaching event that is breaking records and reducing staunch marine scientists to tears and cursing. But while the corals rightly capture attention, far fewer people know about Australia's other reef—the Great Southern Reef, where kelps, not corals, are king.
The Great Southern Reef envelops the bottom half of Australia in a W-shaped embrace. At 8,000 kilometers, it's over three times the size of the Great Barrier Reef. It's also worth more. Recently, Wernberg, Bennett, and their colleagues estimated that it feeds $10 billion dollars into Australia's economy every year through tourism and fishing. The country's two most valuable fisheries, for rock lobster and abalone, are critically dependent on kelp, and bring in four times the wealth of all the commercial fishing in the Great Barrier Reef combined. Both are now under threat.
And yet, the kelp reefs are “completely neglected in terms of funding, political, and public awareness,” says Bennett. “Over 70 percent of Australians live adjacent to these things and use them every day, but they're just not in the public perception.”
Like the corals, the kelp forests host thousands of species, many of which are found nowhere else. Part the wavy fronds and you'll find a thriving menagerie of crayfish, sponges, crabs, cuttlefish, and colorful fish. Theirs is a three-dimensional world full of layers and hiding places. Since the 2011 heat wave, that high-rise metropolis is gone, replaced by a flattened sprawl. The local flora and fauna have also changed, with the former temperate inhabitants swapped for more tropical species.
Five years later, nothing has changed—a profoundly troubling sign. “The reason we haven't heard a ton about kelps and climate change in the popular press is because they are the rock stars of marine resilience,” says Jarrett Byrnes from the University of Massachusetts Boston. “Hit them with storms and nutrient-poor water, and within a handful of years they will rebound. Let urchins have at them for decades, and as soon as sea otters come back and remove the urchins, boom, kelp pops back shortly thereafter. If kelps don't bounce back from a big disturbance after a few years, you know something is deeply wrong.”
Photo by Ellen von Unwerth
Let me just start by saying that I don't like Nicki Minaj -- I love Nicki Minaj. I have always loved her music, her vibe and her approach…she's in your fucking face. She was a star from the first moment she gave us the one-two punch of her verse on Kanye's “Monster" and her debut album, Pink Friday. She's appeared on every track that we know and love, and has collaborated with just about everyone cool. Funny fact, an image of Nicki sitting with Anna Wintour at New York Fashion Week (a gift to me from photographer Patrick McMullan) has been a centerpiece of my art collection in my home. Nicki has been on my mind for years.
We have never called an issue Break the Internet since we did it back in 2014 with Kim Kardashian. It takes a certain type of talent, with an awesome fan base and the ability to put trust in PAPER to work our magic. I have always loved all of the looks that Nicki has done (and she has done them all). Her style (typically anchored by her off-the-charts hair choices) matches her musical talent perfectly. Break the Internet is all about the big idea, the word, the image. It came to me one day that 'Minaj à trois' had never been done. HOW? We have seen different versions of Nicki, from high fashion to seductive to in-your-face and eye-catching all at the same time. But we had never seen all of these together -- and now we have the chance, thanks to our cover shoot with the rap star and Ellen von Unwerth. Welcome to Break the Internet.
Stay tuned for the rest of the cover story, which launches tomorrow (Wednesday, November 15th) afternoon -- we promise it won't disappoint. And check back on papermag.com at the end of the month to see more stories from the new issue (which hits stands Tuesday, November 28th) with more photos and interviews that we're confident will make the Internet go crazy.
xoxo
Drew Elliott
Left: Bodysuit by Baroness, belt is vintage Giorgio Armani, earrings by Fallon and boots by Pleaser Shoes
Center: Underwear by Baroness, boots by Saint Laurent, bracelets by FANASKII, choker by Djula
Right: Dress by Nene L.A. Shiro
Photography by Ellen von Unwerth
Styling by Nicki Minaj
Hair by Tokyo Stylez
Makeup by Sheika Daley using M.A.C.
Nails by Tina Le
Photo Assistants: Sean O'Neill, Shane Ian Burke, Ryan Hickey
Production: Clara Rea, Louise Lund & Devon Reitzel Munson for kf Production
Fashion Assistants: Sam Woolf, Ella Cepeda, Tasmin Meyer Ersahin and Hannah Lifshutz
Tailor: Cynthia Noble
Set Stylist: Tom Criswell
Hair Assistant: Dionna Cannon
Production Assistants: Jose Bota, Ana Sofia Pomales, Gregorio Acuna
Location: Pelican Hotel & Cafe
SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - Cash-strapped start-ups need look no further than Looker Data Sciences for evidence the investment boom is alive and well.
The two-year-old company that helps businesses analyze data announced on Tuesday it's tapped venture investors for $16 million in early-stage funding - the type of sum no start-up could previously have managed without a slog of around four or five years.
These days, even as some young companies complain of a crunch in the early-stage funding known around Silicon Valley as “Series A”, a growing cohort is chalking up giant amounts. That's creating a class of richly valued, deeper-pocketed companies in prime position to outmaneuver the competition.
Beside Looker, online-security company BitSight raised a $24 million Series A in June; website-testing company Optimizely scared up $28 million in March; and data-driven lending service AvantCredit raked in $34 million in April.
“The definition of Series A has been strained,” says Redpoint Ventures principal Tomasz Tunguz, who led Looker's funding round. “You have larger and larger rounds that are called Series A.”
Behind the supersized checks: rapid growth rates in an era where business expansion may involve simply renting more server space on Amazon Web Services, along with sizable potential markets. For consumer companies, they would likely have to be adding at least 1 million users a month.
Inflation is also popping up one level down from Series A, at the very-early stage called seed - funds that used to total around $1 million or so and come in when the company had little more than proof of concept for its idea.
Looker raised $2 million last year at the seed stage. By that time, it already had a product and paying customers, says chief executive Frank Bien, a feat that would have been impossible in the days before technology allowed start-ups to skip time-consuming and expensive steps such as building their own computer servers.
Many of the group are what Silicon Valley denizens like to call “ramen profitable,” meaning they are profitable as long as expenses like salaries stay minimal — even if it means the founders go for months eating little more than noodles.
Greg Gottesman, a partner at early-stage investment firm Madrona Venture Group, has a test to see if seed rounds truly merit the term. He checks to see if the rounds included preferred shares, which means investors holding them get paid back first if the company is sold or shuts down.
“Sometimes, it's just an A round,” he says, even if it is actually called seed. In the past, seed rounds included only common shares, which do not come with special privileges.
SHARE THE SPOILS
Some changes on the venture side are helping the move to bigger checks. A handful of elite firms such as Andreessen Horowitz is raising ever larger funds, and those firms are deploying some of the cash much lower down the food chain than previously, including Series A and seed.
At the same time, more money is coming from corporations that wish to back start-ups. Last year, corporations represented 8.4 percent of all venture dollars invested, more than any time since 2007. Some of those are very active at earlier stages; Google Ventures is one of the most active seed investors in the Bay Area, according to consultancy CIBC.
Still, many start-up companies complain of the “Series A crunch.” They say increasing numbers of punters are starting companies, so the funding simply does not exist for them all to continue to the next stage. During the first half of this year alone, some 242 Bay Area companies raised seed money, according to CIBC, far ahead of the pace last year.
But many early-stage venture investors say they just do not see any signs of a crunch, at least for good companies with growing revenues and decreasing losses.
“I'm perplexed by the whole thing,” says John Malloy of BlueRun Ventures, saying he has heard a lot of talk about the crunch on the conference circuit but has seen no evidence of it in his own portfolio.
Revenue-generating companies that are growing at solid but less than breakneck speed continue to attract venture dollars at traditional levels — typically around $2 million to $5 million for series A and $1 million or less for seed, venture investors say.
Some imply the crunch has been exaggerated, in part to help venture capitalists who want lower prices for their Series A investments. The notion of a crunch, says angel investor Dan Scheinman, allows venture firms to scare good companies into taking lower valuations than they otherwise might.
“Look, you should come with us,” he describes as a typical line. “If you don't, there's this big crunch out there.”
Anyone who has ever driven a city street and been frustrated by having to stop again and again for red lights has probably thought that there must be a better way. Now, researchers at MIT have developed a means of computing optimal timings for city stoplights that can significantly reduce drivers' average travel times.
Existing software for timing traffic signals has several limitations, says Carolina Osorio, an assistant professor of civil and environmental engineering at MIT. She is lead author of a forthcoming paper in the journal Transportation Science that describes the new system, based on a study of traffic in Lausanne, Switzerland.
“Usually in practice, when you want to time traffic lights, traditionally it's been done in a local way,” Osorio says. “You define one intersection, or maybe a set of intersections along an arterial, and you fine-tune or optimize the traffic lights there. What is less done, and is more difficult to do, is when you look at a broader scale, in this case the city of Lausanne, and you want to change signal times at intersections distributed across the entire city, with the objective of trying to improve conditions across the entire city.”
Such an expansive aim triggers complications, such as the ripple effect that a change at one intersection can produce across the surrounding area, or changes in driver behavior following changes in traffic-light patterns: For example, if wait times on a particular route increase, drivers may seek alternative routes that feature fewer red lights.
The new optimization process developed by Osorio and graduate student Linsen Chong can time traffic lights in large urban areas while accounting for the complex and diverse reactions of individual drivers. Their approach uses high-resolution traffic simulators that describe, in detail, the behavior of drivers in response to changes in travel conditions.
In detailed simulations of Lausanne's traffic, they found that the timings produced by their approach reduced the average travel time for commuters by 22 percent, compared with timings generated by commercial traffic-light timing software.
Some cities currently make use of these high-resolution simulators, known as microscopic simulators: Behavior down to the level of individual drivers is simulated to estimate the impact of a given timing pattern. But the complexity of such models makes them computationally intensive. For instance, in the case of Lausanne, more than 12,000 individual drivers are simulated.
The new approach allows these models to be used in a practical and computationally efficient way. Other citywide models can be used to help determine proposed timings, but they treat traffic flow simplistically and homogeneously, rather than as a collection of individual travelers with distinct and complex behavior.
The new simulation-based optimization model proposed by Osorio and Chong aims to bridge these options, providing a detailed vehicle-level analysis but applying it to city-scale optimization.
The system, Osorio says, starts with a modest premise: “What if we combine information from these microscopic simulations with [citywide] information from these simple traffic models that are very computationally efficient and run instantly, but have very low resolution?” The approach combines the accuracy of high-resolution models with the computational efficiency of low-resolution traffic models.
The basic system, Osorio says, is also being applied toward different goals: Instead of just minimizing commuting times, it is also being used to minimize fuel consumption, and even to determine the optimal location for services such as vehicle-sharing hubs.
The work is currently being extended to help in the design of timing systems that can adapt to changing traffic conditions. Work on this topic is ongoing in collaboration with officials in New York City's Department of Transportation, focusing on peak-period traffic in areas of Manhattan.
That agency's Mohamad Talas, a deputy director of system engineering who was not involved in the research but is working with the MIT team on testing, says, “Such a model can validate our active traffic-management system in Manhattan, and allow us to fine-tune our processes and improve the network operation.”
Tala adds, “I believe that this approach is economically viable, with cost savings for any jurisdiction that needs to assess and improve traffic conditions for a large area of the transportation network.”
Surrey 369 (Sangakkara 200, S Curran 90, Porter 4-89) and 260 for 9 dec (Sangakkara 84, Burns 50, Porter ) drew with Essex 383 (Lawrence 107, ten Doeschate 53, Browne 52, Wagner 50)
Scorecard
It came down to 16 runs that weren't. In pursuit of a record-equaling sixth first-class hundred in as many innings, Kumar Sangakkara was dismissed for 84 on the final day of Surrey's scrap with Essex at Chelmsford. The air was muggy with summer rain and the wider game's expectation. Both dampened spirits. Perhaps Surrey's stand-in captain Rory Burns summed it up best: "We're all probably more upset than he is."
Let's not lose perspective here. Sangakkara is one of five to score five centuries on the bounce. Otherworldly company was awaiting him had he notched just one more. But those five (one of them a double) should be celebrated rather than the sixth-that-wasn't mourned. Mike Procter only played seven Tests. Don Bradman fell four runs short of averaging 100. CB Fry lost the 1902 FA Cup Final in a replay. Even the three who made it still carried their own regrets.
What needs to be said is that if Sangakkara had got there, this would have been the most impressive of the run. His first 79 runs took guts and a lot of luck. History aside, his 286 in this match and twin-centuries last week against Middlesex have seen Surrey avoid two chastening defeats.
Simon Harmer thought he had him trapped lbw before lunch on 25. There were a couple of very tight run-out calls, too. His stance, usually so still, had a sway, like reeds moved by a wind you couldn't notice. Was it nerved? He has played three world finals, led his country during arguably its most politically and socially volatile period and has been shot at while traveling to a match. Probably not nerves, then.
Burns fell after bringing up his third fifty of the season, from 107 balls. Soon emerged the man everyone was waiting for. Did he know he was on the cusp of equalling the record? Almost certainly. His wife and two children were present at Chelmsford, just in case. One thing was for sure - he certainly knew the forecast for rain, racing to 25 from his opening 25 balls. It was on. Lunch came upon the fall of Scott Borthwick's wicket.
Then, it looked off and full credit for that belongs to Jamie Porter, whose spell of 5 for 15 in 27 balls - which started with the dismissal of Borthwick - turned the match on its head. Dom Sibley, first ball after lunch, nicked to James Foster, who took an excellent catch to his right. Ben Foakes was surprised and bunted to cover. Sam Curran was caught across his stumps from around the wicket before brother Tom went for a shot too many and edged to Foster once more. Porter had a fourth five-wicket haul and career-best match figures of 9 for 160. Sangakkara, running out of partners, watched it all unfold on 37.
For the second ime in the match, it would be Stuart Meaker who batted above and beyond his average to guide Surrey to safety (they were only 163 ahead when he arrived) and keep Sangakkara company. This time he had the added pressure of being the one to see Sanga to No. 6.
Kumar Sangakkara fell 16 runs short of a sixth consecutive hundred Getty Images
As the Sangakkara was taking guard in the middle, Meaker tweeted a photo he had taken from behind the Sri Lankan, as he sat on the balcony padded up, helmet on, surveying the outfield and considering what might be his. "Can he join Bradman and go 6 in a row?" wrote Meaker under the photo. He thought so and his actions spoke volumes.
He stopped Porter in his tracks with a resolute defence and a fortuitous boundary. He did the same to Neil Wagner. Once Sangakkara, on 41 from 69, was comfortable enough with Meaker's aptitude, he flicked a switch. He charged Wagner and thumped him through two men at midwicket, tickled him around the corner and then advanced to place him through square leg - three fours in a row - to take him to his half-century from 72 balls. Halfway there.
The home straight. Harmer decided to play to the ego and left deep cover open. Two fours there - Sinatra steps down to the ball, devastating wrists high and over cover - followed by a tip-and-run. Then a moment.
Wagner was brought on from the Hayes Close End, with the light fading. A full ball was pushed by Sangakkara to midwicket, on to 79. Then, with Meaker on strike, the field closed. Everybody knew what was coming. Wagner banged in a bumper - a bumper feared and felt around the world. Meaker ducked into it. The ground gasped, Sangakkara walked over but Meaker, still on his feet, shook his head and got up, like a boxer on the receiving end of a hellacious straight right who knows there are others counting on him not to hit the canvas. It didn't matter. Off they went for bad light and an early tea.
An hour and 15 minutes passed. Most of that Meaker and Sangakkara spent sat on the balcony, helmets still on. The light improved. The bell rang at 3.40pm for a 3.45pm start. They got as far as the middle before the umpires decided visibility had got worse. Meaker, probably still bouncer-drunk, had to be dragged off. Sangakkara walked off just as serenely as he had walked on.
The players' balcony was tense. Essex captain Ryan ten Doeschate consulted with the umpire. Burns was brought into discussions too. Sangakkara's wife got out a couple of books for their children to read. Then, white smoke: play could begin again at 4.30pm. And it did.
Wagner, with four balls to finish, cut his run-up in half. Four balls down the off side were left alone by Meaker. One looped up out of the footmarks and over Foster's head for four byes. Then quickly back to normality.
Harmer continued and removed Meaker, bowled around his legs. Somehow. Replacing Wagner was the part-time offspin of Tom Westley. Offspin raised in Cambridgeshire (and refined in Sri Lanka, no less). Sangakkara, on 80, farmed the strike, asking No. 10 Amar Virdi to only play out a couple defensive shots an over. And then the moment they feared.
Westley put it above the eyes, Sangakkara had his sights set on a run down the ground. The checked-drive came and sent the ball towards mid-off. Westley reacted well and put in the dive. His right-hand came out and clutched the ball out of instinct. There was no celebration: Westley got up, looking at the ball like it was a door knob he had pulled clean off. By the time he had turned around, Sangakkara was already off. The Chelmsford crowd soon followed. Hands were shaken soon after and a draw confirmed. Life goes on and so does Sangakkara's legacy.
"There have been a few great players [at Surrey]," Burns said. "But Sanga is probably the best. I don't think I can do him justice with words. He doesn't need a grubby left-hander who bats at the top talking about him. He's a bit purer than I am. It's magnificent - what he's done in the game, and how he carries himself."
Even ten Doeschate, one of the fiercest and most astute captains on the circuit, didn't mind letting sentiment get in the way: "We were very careful not to make a farce out of the situation. But we thought Sanga, given how brilliantly he played in the first innings, we wanted to get the game done at 4.50pm, but also give him the chance. We put it out there that that was the best way to speed the game up and give him a chance."
So six in the row was not to be but the wait for Sangakkara's next hundred won't be long given the form he's in - 876 runs in eight innings this season and an average of 109.50. In case you are wondering, that next one will be his 100th career century.
Americans are becoming more divided in their opinion on impact of global warming and humanity's role in the phenomenon, as the number of global warming skeptics has roughly doubled over the past 10 years to encompass one in four of the population.
The portion of Americans with mixed opinions about global warming has declined from 49 percent in 2001 to 36 percent today, according to a Gallup poll released on Earth Day Tuesday. Over the same period the number of people who are concerned about global warming and see mankind as its cause has held fairly steady at 39 percent, while the number of people who say they're “solidly skeptical” of global warming has rocketed from 12 percent in 2001 to 25 percent today.
The Brief Newsletter Sign up to receive the top stories you need to know right now. View Sample Sign Up Now
Women are significantly more likely than men to be concerned about the impact of global warming and humanity's role in causing it. The age group 30 to 49 is most likely to be concerned about the phenomenon, while younger people aged 18 to 29 are less divided on the issue, least likely to be skeptical and most likely to have mixed views on the matter.
Education is not a good predictor of whether or not a person is concerned about global warming, with about 30% having some college and 30% no college in both groups. Education is a good predictor of whether one falls into the “mixed middle” on global warming, however: nearly half of that group has no more than a high school diploma and less than 25% finished college.
Contact us at editors@time.com.
Jeff Blashill led the Red Wings to the playoffs in his first season, but they lost in the first round. (Photo: David Guralnick / Detroit News)
Detroit — The Red Wings exited the playoffs early, and the nature of Jeff Blashill's considerable tasks changed instantly to preparing for next season.
He will have some time off, but not now.
“That, for me, happens in the summer,” Blashill said, as he worked in his office a few yards down a hallway from the empty Wings dressing room.
“When you end out and other teams are playing, you should still be working.”
He must help hire three assistants, watch the playoffs, identify possible trade and free-agent acquisitions, conduct exhaustive reviews of each player on his roster, travel to see his former club, Grand Rapids, in the American Hockey League playoffs, and review planning for next season.
Blashill is clear about some central elements of his focus.
The changes that can be achieved in the coming months should result in a lineup in which players are more enthused about their specific roles, with the intention that improved performance will follow and result in less shuffling of forward lines and defensive pairs, like the nearly constant, mostly unsuccessful search for improvement that marked the past season.
“I would like to have a much better feel for what our lines are going to be,” he said.
“And part of that, and part of what we've talked about as a group, is constructing a roster where guys are excited about their roles. Guys that are third-line players are excited to be third-line players. Guys who are fourth-line players are excited to be that.
“And you have the right guys getting the right minutes in the top six.
“This year, we just had probably too many similar players that I don't think we ever found the best combinations for.”
Wearing a gym suit and athletic shoes, for a half hour, Blashill discussed the state of affairs of the storied NHL franchise he inherited from Mike Babcock after a decade, 11 months ago.
A lot to fix
The lineup ended up being a combination of aging stars, whose wear from long service suddenly seemed more evident, and young guys Blashill integrated more swiftly than his predecessor before making hard judgments about how to use them.
It never quite meshed.
A better performance might come through a more stable lineup, requiring some different personnel.
Is it possible, realistically, in one offseason?
Arguably, questions propound in a volume larger and more consequential than or any Wings coach in a quarter-century.
One issue Blashill said was whether the staff could improve.
The Red Wings announced Monday that goaltending coach Jim Bedard will not return and assistant Pat Ferschweiler will have other responsibilities. Assistant Tony Granato is the coach at Wisconsin.
Another issue is the roster.
“What players have we identified that we think can help take that next step and become go-to players?” he said. “What players can we potentially target to go out and get?
“I just know there's no easy fix.
“To a large degree, our roster we have right now will have to play better to gain the traction we want.”
The players Blashill said were most affected by the lineup not knitting into a whole were Tomas Tatar and Gustav Nyquist.
Slotted for the third line, with Riley Sheahan at center, Blashill said early that if they clicked as a third line it could be the best in the NHL.
But they regressed, and all the lines failed to produce enough offense.
“We had guys on the third line who wanted to be top-two line guys, and we had so many players in that third spot that we didn't have enough excitement for the roles that everybody was in,” Blashill said.
They took “a lot of heat” for their lack of production, he said, while their coach played them fewer minutes.
“I think if guys had a beef on ice time, for me, it would be Tatar and Nyquist more than anybody else,” Blashill said.
Dylan Larkin, with his surprisingly strong performance, chewed up some of those minutes, and veteran free-agent acquisition Brad Richards did, too, Blashill said.
It also discouraged more playing time from Andreas Athanasiou and Anthony Mantha.
The need to balance a lineup, which he faces as coach, was thrown off by a lineup of similar players. Hence, Holland's assertion immediately after the season the roster requires more diverse talents.
Next season, Blashill said, the younger guys might play more.
He showed far more readiness to use young players than Babcock. But after inserting Alexey Marchenko into the lineup, going with the younger goaltender, Petr Mrazek, and calling up Athanasiou and Mantha, some criticized him for not playing the younger guys more.
“The best chance for growth by far is for some of these young players to take the next step from being nice support players to being elite players who can put the team on their back the way Pavel (Datsyuk) and Z (Henrik Zetterberg) have for a number of years,” he said.
“They have to be given the opportunity to do that while earning that opportunity. That's going to start in training camp.
“The young guys that play the best are going to have expanded roles because that's the best way for us to have growth as a hockey team, especially if Pavel decides he's not coming back.”
Growth from within
With Datsyuk likely leaving and the team hard-pressed for free agents and trades amid concern the crop of talent in Grand Rapids available for harvest is not plentiful, is a coach headed to his sophomore season concerned the franchise is in decline?
“I don't think we're any different than teams that are playing in the second round, by any stretch,” Blashill said. “But I would also say that I don't think there are huge differences between a number of us who made the playoffs and a number of teams that didn't.”
What he seeks is what he mentioned a lot during the season, modest improvement that makes the Red Wings a solid contender
“If we do that, we have a legitimate chance to make a long playoff run,” Blashill said. “If we don't do that, we've got a legitimate chance to miss the playoffs.
“I think it mostly has to do with internal growth. It's the need for us to maximize our players and not have guys who have down years.
“So I'll take that upon my shoulders.
“It might be some change from external sources in trades or free agency. It might be maximizing our coaching staff.
“We've got to find those ways to be a little two percent better, because the differences between going on a long run and missing the playoffs is miniscule in today's NHL.”
gregg.krupa@detroitnews.com
twitter.com/greggkrupa
This is especially frustrating because, initially, the whole point of Wonder Woman was that the world needed her and not Superman. William Marston, who created the character in the 1940s, was a psychologist and a committed feminist, and he conceived Wonder Woman as a superior replacement for the Man of Steel. In a 1944 article for The American Scholar, he noted that, "Superman and his innumerable followers satisfy the universal human longing to be stronger than all opposing obstacles." He added that "the wish to be super-strong is a healthy wish, a vital, compelling, power-producing desire." However, there was one problem:
It seemed to me, from a psychological angle, that the comics' worst offense was their blood-curdling masculinity. A male hero, at best, lacks the qualities of maternal love and tenderness which are as essential to a normal child as the breath of life. Suppose your child's ideal becomes a superman who uses his extraordinary powers to help the weak. The most important ingredient in the human happiness recipe still is missing — love. It's smart to be strong. It's big to be generous. But it's sissified, according to exclusively masculine rules, to be tender, loving, affectionate, and alluring. “Aw, that's girl stuff!” snorts our young comics reader. “Who wants to be a girl? And that's the point; not even girls want to girls so long as our feminine archetype lacks force, strength, power. Not wanting to be girls they don't want to be tender, submissive, peaceloving, as good women are. Women's strong qualities have become despised because of their weak ones. The obvious remedy is to create a feminine character with all the strength of a Superman plus all the allure of a good and beautiful woman. This is what I recommended to the comics publisher.
Marston's goal with Wonder Woman, then, was to create a figure who would convince both girls and boys of the value of women and femininity. The whole point of the character is to present a female icon as heroic. Wonder Woman is the most important person in the world for Marston in part to inspire girls (and boys), but also mostly because the feminine virtues of love, affection, and strength are really important.
Marston's gender essentialism can be off-putting to contemporary readers, and his complicated equation of femininity with both submissiveness and strength — and his consequent compulsive use of bondage imagery throughout his work — discomfited readers at the time and ever since. But the fact remains that Marston was able to imagine a woman as not just a superhero, but as the superhero. Marston's Wonder Woman didn't spend her time encouraging Superman to be awesome, because she was way to busy being awesome herself.
And just as Superman's awesomeness is linked, none too subtly, to that "man" in his name, with all its blood-curdling, bigger-muscles-than-yours masculinity, so Wonder Woman's awesomeness was, for Marston, linked to that "woman" in her name. Her lasso (which initially made people do whatever she said before later writers downgraded it to a lasso of truth) was, as Marston put it, "symbol of feminine charm, allure, oomph." Her powers and skills came from Aphrodite, and were cultivated in the all-female community of Paradise Isand. The message of Wonder Woman, then, was not just that a woman could be the most important person in the world, but that the most important person in the world had to be a woman. But the underlying message you get when you watch Wonder Woman defer over and over to Superman's awesomeness is that the most important person in the world has to be a man.
Gulf Oil CEO: $1 a gallon gas in 2009 Stephen C. Webster
Published: Thursday December 4, 2008
Print This Email This CEO also claims carbon-driven warming a 'myth' as Merrill Lynch predicts $25 a barrel oil
Joe Petrowski, CEO of Massachusetts-based Gulf Oil, has some good news for consumers.
In years past, market speculation inflated prices, said Petrowski. Now that the prices are deflated, speculators may 'overshoot' and actually drive the consumer cost down further.
His statements came shortly before Merrill Lynch & Co. predicted oil prices will plunge to $25 a barrel in the coming year if the global recession begins heavily affecting China.
Petrowski also claimed that the threat of global warming driven by carbon emissions is a 'myth,' and instead insisted that dependence on oil imports poses a greater threat to economic stability.
Petrowski's remarks were delivered to the South Shore Chamber of Commerce in Randolph, MA, according to a published report.
In spite of his remarks, the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change, in its 2005 report on the effect of hydroflorocarbons on Earth's atmosphere, maintained (PDF link) that "the balance of evidence suggests a discernible human influence of the global climate."
AAA's national average gas price for regular unleaded was $1.78 as of Thursday, down from $3.04 this time last year. The highest recorded national average was $4.11, registered July 17, 2007.
Oil was trading at $44 a barrel on Thursday evening.
To see the true dread impact of political correctness, look beyond the attitude-policing antics of the pampered imbeciles stinking up America's Ivy League campuses and Britain's top universities. Instead, cast your gaze to a town called Rotherham, in Yorkshire in Northern England.
Working-class, rough, famous for having been one of the beating hearts of the Industrial Revolution, Rotherham is about as far as it's possible to get from the starched lecture halls of Columbia or the dreaming spires of Oxford.
Yet this once thriving and now economically depressed town, home to 250,000 people, stands as an ugly testament to the grave dangers posed by political correctness, or P.C. For here, P.C. has done rather more than cause irritation to libertarians and liberals who don't think novels should come with trigger warnings; here, P.C. has allowed young women to get raped.
In the fortnight since Jonathan Chait broke the internet by doing what many a libertarian has been doing for 30 years—criticising P.C.—most of the Johnny Come Latelys to the anti-P.C. party have aimed their ire at the crazier instances of speech-policing and word-watching.
They've put the boot into students' sociopathic insistence that we use mad words like “cis” or have railed against academics' acquiescence to the transformation of universities into kindergartens for outsized offence-takers.
But beyond all this admittedly scary/hilarious stuff, there's a far larger and harder-to-criticise problem—P.C.'s invasion of everyday life; its movement from colleges into the concrete worlds of politics, society, and community relations. Consider Rotherham.
Major official inquiries, including one published last week, have discovered that in Rotherham between 1997 and 2013, around 1,400 young people, mainly white working-class girls, were sexually exploited and abused by gangs of men, most of them of Pakistani Muslim heritage.
The girls, mostly poor, vulnerable, and from broken families, were groomed by the men and passed around as sexual playthings. Some were prostituted; many were plied with drugs and alcohol.
What does this have to do with P.C.? P.C. facilitated these crimes; it aided and abetted them.
The left-leaning Labour-run local council in Rotherham was so hamstrung by P.C., so riven with what the U.K. Home Secretary Theresa May has called “institutionalised political correctness,” that it was reluctant to investigate or talk openly about the Pakistani men's sex crimes for fear of appearing racist and demeaning an ethnic minority.
All of the major investigations into this 16-year-long reign of abuse by gangs of Pakistani men have fingered P.C. as one of the key reasons the men's behaviour did not come fully to light earlier.
In last week's report, commissioned by the government and overseen by Louise Casey, an official who specializes in social welfare, Rotherham is described as having had a culture of “political correctness, incompetence and cover-up,” which “allowed gangs of Asian men to get away with child abuse for years.” Casey found that Rotherham “suppressed” the issue of Asian abuse gangs out of a “fear of being branded racist.”
Her findings echo those of Alexis Jay, a professor of public policy, who last year chaired the Independent Inquiry into Child Sexual Exploitation in Rotherham. Jay likewise found among officials in Rotherham a “nervousness about identifying the ethnic origins of [the] perpetrators for fear of being thought racist.”
Theresa May describes it as “institutionalised political correctness.” She says P.C. was so entrenched in Rotherham that some of the victims' “cries for help” were actively ignored by officials who did not want a national spotlight to be shone on the problem of Pakistani abuse of largely white girls. The girls were ushered away, sent back to their abusers, effectively, by officials who did not want to break the first rule of P.C.: Never let any culture or community be subjected to public criticism or ridicule. Well, what's a few rapes compared with maintaining Britain's multicultural mush of respect for all identities?
The P.C.-inspired lethargy of local officialdom in Rotherham meant it fell to the media to uncover the abuse scandal. The Times in particular was dogged in its determination to highlight the scourge of Pakistani gangs grooming young women: its reporting led to the first court case, in 2010, 13 years after the gang's lawlessness first kicked off, in which five Pakistani men were found guilty of grooming three girls, two aged 13 and one 15, and using them for sex. More men have since been arrested. Some of the victims have recently given interviews, describing how they were disbelieved and shushed by officials—officials more concerned with appearing right-on than doing what was right.
The Rotherham debacle captures the most terrifying thing about P.C.—how it discourages, paralyses, in fact, moral judgement; how it strangles critical thinking and common, human decency in favour of turning everyone into obedient nodding robots who promise never to break the First Commandment of P.C.: Thou Shalt Not Offend.
P.C.'s insistence that all cultures are equally valid, and that inciting concern about the behavior of individuals from any particular identity group is a really bad thing to do, led directly to a situation where young people could be raped.
Because one man can change the world.
No one understand the power of Chipotle better than Big Sean. Let's not forget that endless burrito bowls helped mend Sean Don's broken heart.
And now the rapper has decided to share that love with others by treating fans at a NYC Chipotle to free food.
PHOTOS: According to the fans at chipotle, Big Sean bought them all Chipotle. pic.twitter.com/CVoErz8s7l — Big Sean News (@BigSeanNews1) August 4, 2015
While in the city for J. Cole's Forest Hills Drive tour with YG, J. Cole, and Jeremih, Big Sean decided to make a quick stop into a nearby restaurant and treat fans to a lunch on him.
Fans went insane as they posed for selfies with the rapper and their free chips and guac.
Why not?! #ittakesone 🙏 A photo posted by BIGSEAN (@bigsean) on Aug 4, 2015 at 4:37pm PDT
Big Sean lives his lyrics, proving that one man can truly change the world, one burrito bowl at a time.
For those that weren't lucky enough to meet Big Sean in person at Chipotle, the day looked a little something like this:
https://twitter.com/JOEY_SKRILLA_/status/628629758918696961
https://twitter.com/jrumo/status/628630872116301824
https://twitter.com/BigSeanWorld/status/628641650420551680
[via Instagram]
The New York investment group handling the sale of the Los Angeles Dodgers has begun scheduling tours of Dodger Stadium with prospective ownership groups, multiple sources close to the process, who spoke on condition of anonymity, told ESPNLosAngeles.com.
"It's just to allow investors in the groups to walk the Stadium, get a feel for it, and ask questions," one source said.
However, that opportunity is only being offered to groups that the Blackstone Group considers serious at this point.
One group that may become more serious includes Tony Ressler, co-founder of a Los Angeles investment firm controlling over $40 billion in assets, the Los Angeles Times reported, citing anonymous sources. The ownership group that bought the Milwaukee Brewers in 2005 had Ressler as one of their minority investors back then; it is unclear if he still remains an investor.
Sprint, T-Mobile, and AT&T have all jumped on the RCS bandwagon in one way or another. Sprint has gone all-in with Google behind them and you have probably seen people talking about RCS recently. Both are very cool things — Sprint and Google using new standards that make text messaging better than ever and people being interested and talking about it. But like all things, it helps when you have a basic understanding of what people are talking about. There's plenty of information about RCS out there on the internet, but let's try to sort it all out in one place and talk about what RCS is and why it matters to everyone.
What is RCS?
In a nutshell, RCS is a set of communication standards for SMS, MMS and calling that will make text messages look and feel more like Google Hangouts or Facebook Messenger. In 2007 a group of telecommunication industry companies founded the Rich Communication Suite industry initiative to use new technologies to create inter-operator communication services based on IMS (IP Multimedia Subsystem). Text messages and phone calls generally work well, but they're pretty bland and don't make use of the full capabilities of the network they're being sent on. They had three primary goals: Use a better contact list that included things like more information about your people, if they were available and if they have seen the message you've sent.
Build a better messaging system that enables extras like instant chat, emojis and sharing data between the people participating.
Support enhanced calls with features like video calling and data sharing in real time. That sounds like things your phone already does (and does well) without any new communications standard, but the secret sauce here is that this is all part of your phone service and will work the same way on any phone that can call or send texts — which is all of them. RCS makes your texting better with rich messages and a great real-time experience with the person you're texting. The GSM Association (the folks who run Mobile World Congress every year) thought it was a great idea, too, and formed the RCS Steering committee a year later to push the idea of supporting this to phone carriers all over the world. They've since refined and expanded the standards and have been releasing them under the RCS blanket (RCS now stands for Rich Communication Services) for a while. The technical parts of the standards have adapted and changed, but the core goals remain the same: making phone service have a better way to communicate without adding anything additional from any app stores or carrier download sections. Unfortunately, there has been a mixed response from carriers and companies making things that connect to them like phones, tablets, and computers. Who uses RCS?
A lot of cellular carriers all over the world use RCS, but not all of them use all of it and provide a service you can use with everyone else. For this to work the way it was designed, all the carriers involved and all the devices being used have to support all of the standards. Of course, companies usually only support what makes them money or what they are forced to support and RCS is no exception. The GSMA has a handy list of which companies support which parts of the RCS standards that they publish online. Have a look at it (it's a .pdf file). RCS launches and support (as of October 2016) Remember, this is a tool to make others see how popular RCS is in order to entice them to support it. That means it doesn't tell the whole story. So we're going to. Sprint supports the RCS Universal Profile, and nobody else in the states does. For starters, since we're based in the U.S., let's talk about Sprint, T-Mobile, and AT&T. Only Sprint supports the full Universal Profile for RCS. (In Canada, Rogers has launched the same thing.) This means it works the way you and I think it would work when they say they support it. Sprint's network supports all of the standards the GSMA has put out, and Android phones sold on their network since adoption have the hardware needed to send and receive better texts and calls. Software support is provided for existing Android phones — Google Messenger now supports everything you need here if you're using Sprint — and will be included on all new Androids sold after November 2016. T-Mobile's RCS support is limited to in-network messages sent using an Advanced Messaging capable app. Metro PCS had full network support for RCS as of the 2012 spec (they were the first in the U.S.) but further data since being acquired by T-Mobile isn't available in full detail. To me, that means it probably doesn't support the latest RCS standards network wide. AT&T's RCS support is limited to in-network video calls and in-network messages sent through an advanced messaging app. Verizon supports RCS, but not officially in any way that the GSMA feels is compliant. That's not really surprising because this is Verizon we're talking about and they don't like to play nice with anyone until they have to.
Carrier network support is more important than device level support, but you still need both. Android and iOS both support what you need.
So in the United States, we can pretty much say only Sprint supports RCS the way we want it to be supported. That's awesome for Sprint — they are totally on the right track here lately in a lot of ways — but pretty useless if the people you're talking to are on another network that isn't supporting the RCS initiative. Worldwide, we see a handful of carriers — India's Jio, Claro and Telcel in the Americas, and Orange in Europe fully supporting the standards while plenty of other networks support it partially or are getting ready to support it. More: Google's iMessage competitor isn't Allo, it's texting On the device side, Android, iOS, and Windows 10 all can support the full RCS standards when using a capable app. Chrome and macOS don't offer the same support, which puts another hurdle in front of RCS — Apple would rather keep using iMessage because it works on MacBooks, too. But honestly, device support isn't as big of a problem as network support and even Apple would quickly offer an iMessage replacement that uses RCS if people wanted it and were using it. That means worldwide, a whole lot of people have access to RCS. And a whole lot of people don't have access. For things to work the way the Rich Communication Suite industry initiative intended, everyone needs to support it. Why is this important for Android?
This is the easy part. RCS is important to Google (and all of their partners) because iMessage exists. RCS can make all your texting as good as iMessage. It's cool to hate on Apple, but if you've ever used iMessage you know what I mean here. Combined with FaceTime, iMessage already offers exactly the things RCS is trying to achieve. Voice and video calls are simple and messages are rich with great media sharing and read receipts and typing indicators and everything else. And it uses SMS in tandem with regular data to do it. It's the best SMS app you'll ever use until RCS becomes ubiquitous (if it ever does.) Google knows this and they are doing everything they can to get carriers to adopt RCS. Including buying Jibe in February 2016. Jibe is a service that carriers and phone makers and everyone else involved can deploy that brings everything RCS offers in one compliant package. AT&T or O2 or anyone else can use Jibe to make phones on their network send and receive messages and calls that offer the same features as iMessage does with anyone else on a carrier that supports RCS. Since about 80% of the phones in the world use Android and can't use iMessage, this is a big deal.
Google offers Hangouts as a way to have rich messages and calls through SMS and IP connections from your Android, but to get full support you need to be using Project Fi or a Google Voice number. That doesn't help most people, and it seems that Google is focusing Hangouts more as a corporate tool (and it's pretty excellent for that) while they build full RCS support into Google Messaging, along with their own rich messaging client (that doesn't tie into your SMS) in Allo as a capable substitute to WhatsApp.
iMessage is probably never coming to Android so RCS is Google's best hope to bring a great experience to every phone.
As you've probably heard, former Trump campaign manager Paul Manafort is in a bit of a bind these days, legally and financially. Reportedly under investigation for possibly violating money laundering and tax laws, as well as for failing to disclose foreign lobbying on behalf of pro-Russian interests, Manafort's Virginia home was raided in July by federal agents who took binders full of documents and copies of his computer files; special counsel Robert Mueller followed up with an ominous warning that he plans to indict Manafort. In response, Manafort recently shook up his legal team, trading in for attorneys who just happen to specialize in “complicated financial crimes.” And white-shoe lawyers do not come cheap. Luckily, Manafort recently landed a new consulting gig: helping to “administer and promote a referendum on Kurdish independence from Iraq,” which the United States opposes.
The New York Times reports that Manafort has been working with allies of the leader of the Kurdish region since this summer, possibly around the same time the feds raided Manafort's house. With a referendum scheduled for Monday, the U.S. government and others in the international community fear it could “further destabilize Iraq, damage the coalition fighting the Islamic State, and potentially spark violence in disputed areas.” A spokesman for the son of Iraqi Kurish leader Masoud Barzani, who serves as the head of the security council for his father's government, told the Times that Manafort had been hired to “assist in the referendum and in the aftermath of the referendum.” A spokesman for Manafort, Jason Manoli, said that his boss “does not discuss his current or future clients.” When asked if Manafort would be disclosing his work and the source of his income to the Justice Department, as required under the Foreign Agents Registration Act if one is lobbying the American government on a foreign client's behalf, Maloni said, “If his work requires registration with FARA, Mr. Manafort will comply with the law.”
Manafort's most recent gig would not be particularly unusual in the Beltway, if not for the fact that the former Trump campaign manager was recently reported to have offered to give a Putin-connected Russian billionaire “private briefings” on the 2016 presidential race:
The Kurdistan Regional Government had paid millions to Washington lobbying firms with deep connections to both Democrats and Republicans, including more than $1.5 million over the last three years, according to Justice Department records. But it has also worked to build support for independence from think tanks and scholars who might be willing to vouch for the referendum's fairness, and use it to win bipartisan support in Washington for Kurdish independence, according to people familiar with the outreach.
Mr. Manafort agreed to assist with the referendum, including a planned push for Western recognition, after he was approached several months ago by an intermediary for Mr. Barzani's son, Masrour Barzani, according to two people familiar with the arrangement. Mr. Manafort has traveled to the region since then to advise the Barzanis' allies on the referendum, according to Kurdish independence advocates. One of Mr. Manafort's lieutenants is in Erbil preparing for the referendum, and Mr. Manafort himself may return to the region in the coming days for the vote, according to the advocates.
Shockingly, not everyone believes this new consulting gig is a great idea. “Someone at the center of a controversy about Russian subversion of a U.S. presidential election and who has been warned that he will be indicted is not without handicaps as an advocate,” former American diplomat Peter W. Galbraith told the Times. “But, look, on the other hand, they're a foreign country who wants to get international recognition, and if you can get somebody who is close to the president of the United States to be your advocate, then that could help.”
Bob Dylan
Bob Dylan stopped in Birmingham on Oct. 28, 2016, for a video shoot at the WorkPlay theater. The notoriously private artist was at the venue for about four hours that day, No outside cameras were allowed, and secrecy was paramount. (AP Photo/Chris Pizzello, File)
Bob Dylan likes WorkPlay.
How do we know? He told owner Tom Williams so on Friday, during a video shoot at the venue's theater.
Dylan, 75, one of the most famous names in the rock world, spent about four hours at the Birmingham entertainment complex, filming a video to commemorate Tony Bennett's 90th birthday.
According to Williams, the video will be part of an NBC TV special, "Tony Bennett Celebrates 90: The Best Is Yet to Come." The two-hour show, which airs Dec. 20, also includes performances by Aretha Franklin, Lady Gaga, Elton John, Billy Joel, Stevie Wonder and other celebrities.
Dylan couldn't attend the actual celebration, which was filmed Sept. 15 at Radio City Music Hall. However, Williams said, Dylan wanted to mark the occasion with a song. That's the tune he performed and filmed with his band at WorkPlay, with a technical crew and gear brought in for the occasion.
Williams said he watched Dylan's sound check on Friday, but declined to name the song chosen for the filming, citing the artist's desire to keep it under wraps until the show airs.
Dylan, a notoriously private singer-songwriter, didn't allow outside cameras at the shoot, including cell phones. (Sorry, folks, no selfies!) Williams said, however, that Dylan was extremely cordial during his visit and complimented the facilities at WorkPlay.
"He was coming around the corner, and the security man said, 'There's the owner,'" Williams said. "He approached me. We talked for about three minutes, about WorkPlay and the studios. I told him we could record a live show here. He said, 'Great place, great place.' ... Afterward, as he was finishing up and coming back through, he said 'Tom, you have a really nice place,' and put his hand out."
Although these encounters were brief, Williams has exchanged more words with Dylan than most people ever will. The star, a recent Nobel laureate, has a reputation for being tight-lipped on the concert trail, with fans, reporters and promoters alike.
"He was super-nice," Williams said. "They had one rule: No cell phones, no cameras in the air while he's in the building. They just said, 'Give him his space and no cameras.'"
Bob Dylan wins 2016 Nobel Prize for creating 'new poetic expressions' Dylan had been mentioned in the Nobel speculation for years, but few experts expected the academy to extend the prestigious award to a genre such as pop music.
Dylan, who's touring to promote his new album, "Fallen Angels," stopped in Birmingham on the way to Huntsville, where he'll perform Saturday at the Von Braun Center Concert Hall. The tour brings him back to Birmingham on Nov. 15 for a show at the BJCC Concert Hall. After that, he's set to play on Nov. 16 at the Saenger Theatre in Mobile.
Williams said Dylan's team contacted WorkPlay about two months ago, asking about the possibility of a rental for the video shoot. The connection came through the venue's sound engineer and production manager, Davy Moire.
Williams said his initial reaction was, "Of course we can do this! Whatever it takes."
WorkPlay has seen its share of stars over the years, from Jack White to the Drive-By Truckers, and the venue hosted a video shoot for Billy Bob Thornton and the Boxmasters in 2014. An appearance from Dylan, however, would be an important milestone.
Secrecy was crucial, lest the public invade the venue hoping for glimpse of the iconic musician. Only four or five people at WorkPlay, including general manager Joe Benintende and Williams' wife, Courtney Williams, knew about Dylan's visit in advance. If word leaked before the the shoot, that would be a deal-breaker, Williams said.
"It was tough, but not too tough, (to keep the secret) because we didn't want it to get out," Williams said. "And we didn't want to lose it."
Much of the initial discussion with Dylan's team involved the precise location of the shoot -- WorkPlay has a theater, a soundstage, recording studios, office space and more -- and the theater finally won the day.
A crew arrived on Thursday to ready the theater, Williams said, and the workers brought a substantial amount of equipment, including set design elements and the analog sound gear Dylan prefers.
"Our preparation was to make sure the room was clean and the sound was right," Williams said. "We really wanted to impress the crew. They used our soundboard, but I'd say they used about 80 percent of their own equipment. It was a huge production."
WorkPlay also contacted a local caterer, Jason Marchant of BYOB restaurant in Lakeview, arranging food for Dylan's team on Thursday and Friday. After the shoot, at Courtney Williams' suggestion, the leftovers were donated to Brother Bryan Mission in Birmingham.
The famed artist arrived around 2 p.m. on Friday, wearing a hoodie and sunglasses, and later changed into a suit for the video. Williams said Dylan wore tuxedo pants and a white shirt, and "had his hair up." A makeup artist was on scene, as well.
Williams said excitement was running high at WorkPlay while Dylan was on scene, but everyone present made sure to keep things cool. Although he knew better than to ask for a photo with Dylan, Williams admits that he was tempted.
"I came so close to asking him," Williams said. "I'm a singer-songwriter fan; Bob Dylan and John Prine and Willie Nelson, they're my thing. It was an honor to have a professional musician and Nobel Prize winner come to WorkPlay and record a song."
Williams wouldn't say much about Dylan's performance, or any birthday message the singer might have filmed for Bennett. But he described the video shoot as professional and smooth, and said everyone involved was friendly. Dylan explored the WorkPlay complex a bit during his stay, and even acknowledged the resident dog, Cheetos.
After the filming ended, Williams opened WorkPlay's bar to the visiting crew. Dylan left the venue around 6 p.m., he said, and social media immediately became fair game.
"When I could see the taillights of the bus, I hit Facebook," Williams said. "It was a great day for WorkPlay and for the city."
One of the signal, but formerly obscure, achievements of the Dodd-Frank Act, passed in the wake of the financial crisis, was the requirement that big banks write “living wills” in preparation for their eventual deaths. These documents (the technical term is “resolution plans”) specify everything from how subsidiaries might continue to operate after a head office has declared bankruptcy to how I.T.-service contracts can be transferred to new ownership. Their larger aim is to insure that, in the event of a 2008-level crisis, the big banks can die with dignity, so to speak, instead of requiring taxpayers to bail them out. But, as we discovered last week, when the Federal Reserve and Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation declared the majority of the wills filed last July to be inadequate, large financial institutions can be as reluctant as the rest of us to contemplate their own mortality.
The living-will process has proved almost as controversial in finance as it is in health-care policy, in part because the question of whether a credible one can be created for any particular bank is intertwined with whether it's too big to fail. If regulators consistently find the plans wanting, they have the power, under Dodd-Frank, to require the banks to begin selling off assets—effectively, to begin breaking up. Thus far, the eight U.S. banks that have been designated “global systemically important” aren't scoring well. First, in 2013 and 2014, the Federal Reserve and F.D.I.C. rejected preliminary plans submitted by the banks. These were broadly understood to be trial runs, in fairness, but the experience didn't appear to have helped them with the 2015 submissions. Regulators rejected the plans filed by three of the biggest banks in the country—JPMorgan Chase, Bank of America, and Wells Fargo—as well as by B.N.Y. Mellon and State Street, two “trust banks” that are regarded as systemically important because of their role in managing securities transactions. Another two banks failed to have their plans fully accepted; Goldman Sachs's living will was rejected by the F.D.I.C., and Morgan Stanley's by the Fed. Citigroup was the only one of the eight banks to pass both hurdles, but even Citi was told by the Fed that its living will had “significant shortcomings.” Every bank that received a failing grade was told to return in October with a plan that explicitly considered the issues it hadn't properly accounted for.
There is real pressure on the banks, at the moment, to get their resolution plans right. At last Thursday's Democratic debate, Dana Bash, one of the moderators, asked Hillary Clinton whether, given the banks' failure to come up with viable living wills, she would “call on regulators to start the process of breaking up these banks, something that the law not only allows but actually explicitly encourages.” (And something, Bash didn't need to say, that Bernie Sanders is plenty eager to do.)
“Absolutely,” Clinton replied.
There are a few possible explanations for why the banks have collectively failed, thus far, to file credible living wills. The banks themselves say (with qualified support from the Government Accountability Office) that the living wills are unprecedentedly big and difficult compliance exercises and that the requirements weren't made clear enough. Another possibility is that the big banks are obfuscating, in the belief that the political will won't really be there to break them up. (Why provide regulators with the recipe for hemlock juice when champagne will be back on the menu once election season is over?) But there is, too, the existential question of contemplating one's own mortality: the notion that the banks might find it hard to acknowledge and address the conditions under which they might need to be broken up. In some respects, this is the most distressing of the three, because it suggests an endemic and intractable cultural problem, in which the banks are trying to comply but aren't able to do so.
Late last year, the European Banking Authority issued a report about recovery plans that offered some evidence of this phenomenon. (European banks are required to file living wills, as well, though regulators there don't have specific powers to break them up.) The report found that, instead of concentrating on realistic scenarios under which European banks might need to be wound up, the institutions tended to create pseudo-worst-case scenarios that wouldn't likely be relevant in a real crisis. The banks also proved to be bad at considering problems that promise to affect them specifically, and particularly bad at considering cases in which they've caused a problem that can't easily be put right. Under such scenarios, they tended to assume that there would be “mitigating actions” they could take, even though the history of financial crises shows that when the pressure is on, they are just as likely to take aggravating actions, such as adding to losing positions or increasing their dependence on overnight funding. The over-all picture presented by the report was one not of incompetence or obfuscation but of denial.
The American banks' living wills offer examples of the same pattern. The feedback letter the Fed provided to JPMorgan Chase, for example, points out that the bank has no model or process for estimating how much money it would need to have on hand in order to fund the process of closing down key subsidiaries. This ought to have been a straightforward, if time-consuming, exercise of drawing up scenario analyses. Instead, the bank often assumed that its cash-flow needs would be covered by the parent company. Morgan Stanley's plan, meanwhile, relied heavily on being able to move funding between different companies in its global group when under stress, even though Lehman Brothers found that it was unable to do this after the parent company filed for bankruptcy in September, 2008. Bank of America had been specifically told to indicate what kinds of events would trigger a decision by its board to file for bankruptcy but instead offered only ones that would lead it to “escalate information” to the board. Even Citigroup's successful plan assumed that its derivatives-trading arm would continue to be able to find people to trade with while the bank was being wound up, an assumption that regulators understandably described as “optimistic,” given that traders tend not to be keen on dealing with subsidiaries of insolvent banks.
To adapt a maxim, it appears that the banks have failed to prepare because they are not prepared to fail. The Fed asks for a set of liquidity forecasts, and a bank offers a blithe assumption that it has enough money on hand to prepare for the worst. The F.D.I.C. asks another bank what will happen to assets that are effectively trapped in its foreign subsidiaries, and the bank assumes that everyone will coöperate and money will flow freely across borders. Again and again, the banks' position is “Let's not meet trouble halfway.”
Often, when we attribute the failures of the financial industry to institutional psychology or culture, we're referring to its penchant for greed and undue risk-taking. But the inadequate living wills suggest that these two problems may be less significant than another, larger one. Greedy gamblers can rig interest rates, steal money, or accumulate dangerously large portfolios, but it takes something more than that to blow up an entire bank, let alone a financial system. To do the latter requires endemic, widespread denial, bolstered, perhaps, by something akin to an ego-defense strategy.
Later this year, the big banks will be given another shot at getting their living wills right. It's important for the country that they do so, because we can't have a sensible debate about whether and how to break up these institutions until we know how much of a risk they pose. And it's important for the banks, too, if they wish to survive in their current form—especially if the current political climate persists after the election. Sanders himself has argued that it would be better for the banks to figure out how to dissolve themselves. (“The President is not a dictator,” he told the New York Daily News_._) But, in practice, if they find it too culturally and institutionally difficult to confront the worst, it might be better for everyone concerned if, as Bash suggested, an unemotional bureaucrat stepped in and did it for them.
Pedogenesis is studied as a branch of pedology , the study of soil in its natural environment. Other branches of pedology are the study of soil morphology , and soil classification . The study of pedogenesis is important to understanding soil distribution patterns in current ( soil geography ) and past ( paleopedology ) geologic periods.
Pedogenesis (from the Greek pedo -, or pedon , meaning 'soil, earth,' and genesis , meaning 'origin, birth') (also termed soil development , soil evolution , soil formation , and soil genesis ) is the process of soil formation as regulated by the effects of place, environment, and history. Biogeochemical processes act to both create and destroy order ( anisotropy ) within soils. These alterations lead to the development of layers, termed soil horizons , distinguished by differences in color , structure , texture , and chemistry . These features occur in patterns of soil type distribution, forming in response to differences in soil forming factors. [1]
Soil develops through a series of changes. [2] The starting point is weathering of freshly accumulated parent material . Primitive microbes feed on simple compounds ( nutrients ) released by weathering , and produce acids which contribute to weathering. They also leave behind organic residues .
5 factors of soil formation
Russian geologist Vasily Dokuchaev (1889), commonly regarded as the father of pedology, determined in 1883[5] that soil formation occurs over time under the influence of climate, vegetation, topography, and parent material. He demonstrated this in 1898[6] using the soil forming equation:
soil = f( cl , o , p ) tr
(where cl or c = climate, o = organisms, p = biological processes) tr = relative time (young, mature, old)
Clorpt Edit
Clorpt is a mnemonic for American soil scientist Hans Jenny's state equation for the factors influencing soil formation:
S = f( cl , o , r , p , t , … )
Published in 1941, Jenny's state equation in Factors of Soil Formation differs from the Vasily Dokuchaev equation, treating time (t) as a factor, adding topographic relief (r), and pointedly leaving the ellipsis "open" for more factors (state variables) to be added as our understanding becomes more refined.
There are two principal methods that the state equation may be solved: first in a theoretical or conceptual manner by logical deductions from certain premises, and second empirically by experimentation or field observation. The empirical method is still mostly employed today, and soil formation can be defined by varying a single factor and keeping the other factors constant. This led to the development of empirical models to describe pedogenesis, such as climofunctions, biofunctions, topofunctions, lithofunctions, and chronofunctions. Since Hans Jenny published his formulation in 1941, it has been used by innumerable soil surveyors all over the world as a qualitative list for understanding the factors that may be important for producing the soil pattern within a region.[7]
Climate Edit
Heat and moisture affect rates of biological activity and chemical reactions. Seasonal patterns of heat flux, water content and water movement influence the depth and pattern of removal (elluviation) and accumulation (illuviation) of soluble and colloidal constituents in soil. Climatic extremes, such as ice and wind, can cause physical weathering, soil erosion as well as deposition and accumulation of soil parent material. Stable, humid climates cause deep soil development. Soils are more developed in areas with higher rainfall and more warmth. Soils can develop faster in warmer climates. The rate of chemical weathering can nearly double for each 10 degrees Celsius increase in temperature. Climate also affects which organisms are present, affecting the soil chemically and physically (movement of roots). Soils with similar climate histories tend to produce similar soils.
Organisms Edit
Each soil has a unique combination of microbial, plant, animal and human influences acting upon it. Microorganisms are particularly influential in the mineral transformations critical to the soil forming process. Additionally, some bacteria can fix atmospheric nitrogen and some fungi are efficient at extracting deep soil phosphorus and increasing soil carbon levels in the form of glomalin. Plants hold soil against erosion, and accumulated plant material build soil humus levels. Plant root exudation supports microbial activity. Animals serve to decompose plant materials and mix soil through bioturbation.
The influence of man, and by association, fire, are state factors placed within the organisms state factor.[8] Man can import, or extract, nutrients and energy in ways that dramatically change soil formation. Accelerated soil erosion due to overgrazing, and Pre-Columbian terraforming the Amazon basin resulting in Terra Preta are two examples of the effects of man's management.
The organisms living in and on the soil form distinct soil types. Coniferous forests have acidic leaf litter that form soils classed as inceptisols. Mixed or deciduous forests leave a deeper layer of humus and tend to form soils classed as alfisols. Prairies have very high humus accumulation, which, along with bioturbation can create a dark, thick A horizon characteristic of mollisols.
Soil biology affects mineral weathering, and helps determine to what degree minerals leach from or accumulate in the soil. Biologically mediated chemical weathering can create striking differences in color stratification.
Distinct ecosystems produce distinct soils, sometimes in easily observable ways. For example three species of land snails in the genus Euchondrus in the Negev desert are noted for eating lichens growing under the surface limestone rocks and slabs (endolithic lichens).[9] They disrupt and eat the limestone.[9] Their grazing results in the weathering of the stones, and the subsequent formation of soil.[9] They have a significant effect on the region: the total population of snails is estimated to process between 0.7 and 1.1 metric ton per hectare per year of limestone in the Negev desert.[9]
The effects of ancient ecosystems are not as easily observed, and this challenges the understanding of soil formation. For example the chernozems of the North American tallgrass prairie have a humus fraction nearly half of which is charcoal. This outcome was not anticipated because the antecedent prairie fire ecology capable of producing these distinct deep rich black soils is not easily observed.[10]
Relief Edit
The location of a soil on a landscape can affect how the climatic processes impact it. The geomorphic effects of relief and topography determine how soil is moved, distributed and retained within a watershed and across the landscape. Soil material is carried to lower elevations by water and with gravity. Bottom lands and low lands that retain and accumulate deposited soil will be deeper and richer with organic matter than their comparable uplands.
Soils at the bottom of a hill will get more water than soils on the slopes, and soils on the slopes that face the sun's path will be drier than soils on slopes that do not. Topography determines exposure to weather, fire, and other forces of man and nature. Mineral accumulations, plant nutrients, type of vegetation, vegetation growth, erosion, and water drainage are dependent on topographic relief.
Recurring patterns of topography result in toposequences or soil catenas. These patterns emerge from topographic differences in erosion, deposition, fertility, soil moisture, plant cover, other soil biology, fire-history, and exposure to the elements. These same differences are important to understanding natural history and when managing the land resource.
Parent material Edit
The primary material from which soil is formed is called parent material. Soil parent material could be bedrock, organic material, an old soil surface, or a deposit from water, wind, glaciers, volcanoes, or material moving down a slope.
Time Edit
All of the above factors assert themselves over time, often thousands of years. Soil profiles continually change from weakly developed to well developed over time. Chronosequences used in soil studies consist of sites that have developed over different periods of time with relatively small differences in other soil-forming factors. Such groups of sites are used to assess the influence of time as a factor in pedogenesis.[11]
Paleosols are soils formed during previous soil forming conditions.
------Press control (-) if the pictures are too big!
Hello all! So it's been bugging me lately that all of Orianna's skins are just reskins, without any new particle effects. Soooo I made this! Enjoy!
Also, please ignore the model on all but the first!
-----If you're an artist and feel compelled to do concept art, please do and send it in!
Here are some various concepts for the model! Special thanks to Spakiness for his numerous contributions!
740441
741913
741914
741916
741918
Q-So I was thinking when she moves the sun it would leave a trail of fire like a meteor
738896
W-For the W I thought the sun could kinda explode out a little (like solar flares) and leave behind a nebula
738899
E-I gave the E just some spacey-looking rings and some stars around her
738902
R-For her ult I decided it would be epic if the sun supernova'd then became a blackhole and sucked everyone in. (I only did the art for the supernova part!)
738904
Hope you liked it! Bump and upvote if you did!
@Riot @Morello @Xelnath
× How to Become an Adult's Legal Conservator
9:30 am - 12:00 pm
In California, many families struggle to care for adults who are not able to care for themselves. A conservatorship is a proceeding where a judge appoints a responsible person or organization to assist an adult with a disability with personal care or finances. This session provides general information about the court process and help in preparing and filing documents to be appointed as a probate conservator.
Class covers:
Screening for appropriateness of probate conservatorships or available alternatives
Obtaining referrals for other types of assistance
Overview of conservatorship law
Rights of the conservatee and responsibilities of the conservator
The court forms needed to file for a conservatorship
The petitioning process—what to expect before and after the hearing
The post-hearing process
Walk-ins welcome. First come, first served.
Presented by:
Kathy Chew, Self-Help Conservatorship Program Director, Bet Tzedek Legal Services
LA Law Library does not provide legal advice:
LA Law Library does not provide legal advice. LA Law Library provides legal resources and assistance with legal research as an educational service. The Law Library is pleased to offer our patrons the opportunity to obtain assistance from third party legal service providers at this and other events within the Library. However, the Library does not control and is not responsible for the content or scope of any assistance given by those providers.
The idea of running institutions on open source software has long appealed to many governments. Its most basic attraction is that it should be more cost-effective than proprietary software if only because there are no license fees to pay. But, there may be other charges.
In fact, the open source movement has often targeted local and national governments. They are potentially very large customers with a tendering process and a duty to their taxpayers. There are now open source alternatives for most government processes, but that does not mean they have taken over from proprietary competitors.
Iceland's government has championed open source software since 2008. That is just before the country's economy found itself at the epicenter of the global financial crisis. It has, however, continued to push towards non-proprietary software and is part-way through a 12-month project, as ZDNet reports.
It has been known for a long time that early risers work less efficiently at night than night owls do. But researchers from the Higher School of Economics and Oxford University have uncovered new and distinctive features between the night activities of these two types of individuals. At night, early risers demonstrate a quicker reaction time when solving unusual attention-related tasks than night owls, but these early risers make more mistakes along the way.
Sleep deprivation and a relative increase in the time spent awake negatively impact the brain's attention system. Nicola Barclay and Andriy Myachykov conducted a study that is the first experiment investigating the influence of sleep deprivation on people with different chronotypes. Specifically, the researchers found out how an increase in time spent awake affects the attention system of early risers and night owls. The study is available in the journal Experimental Brain Research.
Twenty-six volunteers (13 male, 13 female) with an average age of 25 participated in the study. Participants were required to stay awake for 18 hours, from 8:00 a.m. to 2:00 a.m., and adhere to their normal routine. At the beginning and end of their time spent awake, the participants completed an Attention Network Test (ANT) and a Morningness-Eveningness Questionnaire to help assess their chronotype.
The researchers did not find any important differences between the results of the ANT test the early birds and night owls completed in the morning, but the evening test showed a more pronounced contrast. The early birds completed tests quicker than the night owls, which was a rather unexpected and contradictory outcome, though the researchers did find an explanation for this. This may have been because of the different approaches the two groups took towards managing the task. Evening people tended to take a more serious approach when it came to tasks requiring more time and attention during their favorite hours, i.e., in the late evening or at night. 'To deal with the most difficult test - resolving a conflict of attention -- it was necessary not only to concentrate on the main visual stimulus, but at the same time to ignore accompanying stimulus that distract from the core task,' Andriy Myachykov explains. Completion of this task requires increased concentration. 'An interesting fact is that although night owls spent more time finishing than early birds, their accuracy in completing the task was higher,' the researcher added.
Overall, the evening people turned out to be slower but more efficient compared to the early risers, according to the second ANT taken at 2:00 a.m. after 18 hours of being awake. 'On the one hand, it's known that night owls are more efficient in the late hours, but how this influences the speed and accuracy with which attention-related tasks are completed remains unclear. Our study demonstrated how night owls working late at night "sacrifice" speed for accuracy,' explained Andriy Myachykov.
The results of this study could challenge the education system and human resources management in certain areas. For pilots, air traffic controllers, drivers, etc., attention, the ability to deal with large sets of data, and reaction time are all very important. During emergencies, these features could play a vital role. The results of this study could also be very useful for people who work night shift.
###
E-Liquid Test Results from VaporShark
6/15/2015
M a n u f a c t u r e r N a m e D A u g / m l A P u g / m l
396
815
357
1843
308
214
873
904
N D N D
N D 1 0 . 1
N D N D
6 . 0 4 1 5 . 8
N D N D
N D N D
VaporShark, a US based Electronic Cigarette company (www.vaporshark.com) has performed and published
test results for Diacetyl (2,3-Butanedione) and Acetyl Propionyl (2,3-Pentanedione) for all of the E-Liquids
that they currently produce and/or sell as of the date on this document.
The numbers below have been color coded using the ECTA stand ards for acceptable limits. Information on
that standard can be found here: http://ectaofcanada.com/pagedisp.php?section=E-Liquid_Testing
Note: These numbers were manually transcribed from the VaporShark website. As with any thing manual,
human error is possible. Each flavour is linked to the vendor website and should be used for verification on
specific flavours.
Boss Sauce
Charlie's Chalk Dust
Classified
Alpha Vape
Beard Co.
Ben Johnson's
Bodega
Page 1 of 6
Laura McNally is a psychologist, researcher, author and PhD candidate.
While the debate over Safe Schools has descended into a slinging match between alleged "homophobes" and "progressives," there remain important - and, alas, neglected - questions to be asked of the program.
Late last week, I opened my email to an excerpt from a Safe Schools brochure (you can find it on page 24), a quote showing how a supportive father responded to his bisexual son: "Scott, you like boys and girls, I like Asian women. Neither of us can help that, it's just who we are."
Disturbing though this comparison may be, I am no longer surprised. After my initial questioning of the evidential underpinning Safe Schools last year, I have received a steady flow of feedback from concerned parents and others.
Through its content developer and collaborator Minus18, Safe Schools links students to guides on binding breasts, tucking penises, online "dating" services, even links to BDSM, a hardcore porn site and sex shop (which was quickly deleted after the initial parliamentary criticism).
And now, in its very own content, Safe Schools is comparing the objectification of Asian women with bi-sexuality.
Not only has racialised objectification long been known to harm, but pornography is also under fire from the medical profession for its damage to children. So how could a program that promotes such content supposedly safeguard children?
Proponents of Safe Schools argue that this content speaks to young people in their own language. Yet the topics covered include cissexism, pansexuality, allosexuality and demisexuality - ideas that appear more relevant to liberal arts graduates rather than school-aged kids.
The program has been repeatedly touted as "evidence based" and "world leading," yet any actual evidence of how this particular content will reduce bullying is yet to be seen. In fact, far from challenging bullying, the mocking of other students appears to be a core tenet of the program - with students encouraged to print out Safe Schools posters touting slogans such as "GROSS! BEING STRAIGHT IS JUST A PHASE" and "YOU'RE CIS? SO WHAT DO YOU HAVE DOWN THERE?"
Safe Schools seems to assume that imposing new categories of gender and sexuality upon children will somehow assuage bullies, or perhaps level the playing field such that heterosexual students can be targeted.
Not only is the tone and content matter of the program deeply concerning, but the entire basis underpinning Safe Schools are highly debatable.
The core premise underlying Safe Schools is "queer theory." If this term is unfamiliar, there is a good reason: queer theory is a highly contested and relatively recent development in the sociology academy. Queer theory propositions - such as the 51 gender categories, and growing - are more likely to be found discussed on Tumblr than in any empirical study. That hasn't stopped them from being rolled out into schools in various countries.
Queer theory confuses and divides academics, even those in the LGBT community, and emerged from the obtuse world of post-structuralist philosophy. If all of this doesn't sound much like a child-friendly anti-bullying framework, that's because it isn't.
Undoubtedly, anti-bullying measures and programs to break down stereotyping are invaluable. How exactly Safe Schools will achieve this by educating children on new theories of gender has not been explained. Can children be encouraged to embrace diversity without being taught to accept problematic theories of gender, or without mocking straight students? Why the links to pornographic content? How does the racial objectification of Asian women teach kids to embrace diversity?
Anyone who questions the validity of the Safe Schools approach is shot down by the dogmatic left, who demand strict devotion to their supposedly progressive doctrine. Those seeking impartial evidence for the program are labelled "fundamentalist" in a painfully ironic bid to avoid analysing the actual question at hand. Apparently, seeking evidence-based school programs now constitutes phobia, bigotry and fundamentalism.
This is precisely why Safe Schools needs to be under review. If a new school program is to be funded and rolled out nationally, it must be based on solid evidence. Teaching children to accept a highly contested theory as factual is no less than indoctrination, and the idea that this is somehow linked to anti-bullying remains hypothetical at best.
Ending homophobia and bullying is an urgent task that requires far more than treating children as guinea pigs and making a mockery of students assumed to be "straight."
School children across Australia are currently the subjects of a poorly designed experiment for which there is no informed consent.
If Safe Schools is as foolproof as its proponents claim, then its review should be welcomed with open arms.
Laura McNally is a psychologist, researcher, author and PhD candidate. Her doctoral research examines the political and social implications of global corporate social responsibility. She is the chair of the Australian branch of Endangered Bodies and provides social commentary on issues related to gender inequality.
A perspective on possible drivers of the major winter 2013/14 UK flood events
January 5th, 2015
Dr. Chris Huntingford, UK Centre for Ecology and Hydrology, UK
During and following the extensive flooding that occurred in the United Kingdom last winter there was much discussion by the meteorological and climate modelling community as to the potential causes. Overlaying assessments of cause were the inevitable questions raised in the media as to whether the burning of fossil fuels could have influenced the likelihood of flooding, the intensity of rainfall, or affected the general paths taken by winter storms.
As is so often the case when trying to understand even single attributes of the climate system, the more the issue is analyzed the more complex it becomes, often revealing a vast array of possible drivers. In order to shed light on some of these questions a team of interdisciplinary scientists across the UK began working through the literature and the IPCC reports, as well as initiating discussions between the UK meteorological and climatological modelling communities, in order to try to identify the potential role – if any – of climate change in the recent UK floods. The results were published as a Perspective article in the journal Nature Climate Change and are summarised in this article.1
In the first instance it was important to provide an overview of the large-scale weather events leading up to the storms. Although none of the individual rainfall events was unprecedented, there were noteworthy weather patterns which caused a near-continuous succession of Westerly storms for three months. This had the cumulative effect that for much of the southern UK, the total winter rainfall was record-breaking.2
Preliminary analysis suggests that particularly warm ocean conditions together with heavy rainfall in and around Indonesia triggered wind patterns across the Pacific that travelled northwards, before ultimately drawing cold air down across the USA. This in turn forced an especially strong and persistent Jet Stream across the Atlantic and towards the UK. The Met Office is now analyzing this sequence of events in significantly more detail, and their findings will be interesting to read in future peer-reviewed papers.
Our review looked at how this affected river flow responses in the UK placed within a historical context of river flow measurements. Looking at measurements for the River Thames at Teddington, for example, and mirroring the rainfall drivers, it was found that no peak flow records were broken. However, the results did suggest that the number of consecutive days at high flow levels (e.g. 250 m3s-1, a level which would have caused flooding pre-1947 before flood defenses enhanced) did break records.
With the context set out the next step was to try and consider the potential role of atmospheric greenhouse gases in changing river flows, especially as questions quickly mounted as to whether fossil fuel burning could have had a role. We reviewed the existing research literature for Earth system factors that: (1) may be changing through global warming; and (2) are identified as influences on storm features for the UK. As expected, this demonstrated how remarkably complex and interconnected the climate system is.
Multiple possible UK rainfall drivers were identified that relate to the state of the oceans, the atmosphere, and sea-ice extent. Interestingly the recent rapid decrease in Arctic sea-ice that is widely attributed to global warming,3 for the UK at least, is often portrayed as likely to bring more Easterly winds and colder conditions. The previous three winters had these features for some of the time, in marked contrast to the winter of 2013/14.
Although the precise details of linkages between changing large-scale features of the climate system and UK rainfall intensity are still not fully understood, we are optimistic that our review article does at least present a complete list of such connections such as the possible role of sea surface temperatures. We hope there are no unknown factors lurking out there we have yet to consider – or if there are, that these become known to climate researchers as soon as is possible.
Following the analysis, our Perspective article presented an open debate as to how best the research community should proceed. If we believe that the research community has a good idea of all the drivers expected to affect rainfall, there is a requirement for on-going computer modelling to capture these effects. This, however, raises three challenges:
The need for continued enhancement of physical process representation via ever better parameterized differential equations of the oceans, atmosphere and ice sheets.
Further increasing the numerical grid resolution of climate models, on which these equations are calculated.
Undertaking significantly higher numbers of simulations, all with slightly different initial conditions, creating a large ensemble of projections.
The call for better resolution is due to the fact that some characteristics of storms occur on fine spatial detail, thus needing small spacings between the gridpoints on which calculations are updated. The request for large ensembles of data is because extremes, by definition, are rare events, and so we need to ensure that all heavy rainfall “return times” are fully sampled. All of these needs to occur for pre-industrial and for contemporary levels of atmospheric greenhouse gases, and to aid planning, for a range of future potential scenarios of altered gas concentrations.
During the major flood events affecting much of Southern England from December 2013 to February 2014, multiple questions were asked as to whether fossil fuel burning could have a role. It is always – and correctly – stated that no single observed extreme event can be formally attributed to human-induced changes to atmospheric composition. However, a statistic can be derived that assesses any changing probability of a particular extreme event occurring, a quantity sometimes referred to as “Fractional Attributable Risk”.
Satisfying the three computational challenges mentioned above, should get us nearer to stating if humans are increasing, decreasing, or leaving invariant the chances of rainfall events of the type witnessed. However, even now limitations remain on computer speed and resource, and expenditure on climate research can only ever be finite. Hence a robust debate is now needed as to what constitutes the optimal balance between pursuing these three challenges, in order to get us most quickly towards the required answers.
In any study of meteorological systems, or the full Earth system, it soon becomes apparent how tightly coupled all features of the climate system are. In the recent review, by trying to collate in to a single paper the main factors affecting UK rainfall, this did though provide a timely reminder of such comprehensive interconnections. Many of our findings and identified challenges ahead in the numerical analysis of solving the governing equations of meteorology and climate are generic to other geographical regions. It is currently a very interesting time for on-going climate change research and assessing future impacts.
References:
Huntingford, C. et al. (2014), ‘Potential influences on the United Kingdom's floods of winter 2013/14', Nature Climate Change 4, 769-777, doi:10.1038/nclimate2314. Matthews, T. et al. (2014), ‘Stormiest winter on record for Ireland and UK', Nature Climate Change 4, 738-740, doi:10.1038/nclimate2336. Boe, J. et al. (2009), ‘September sea-ice cover in the Arctic Ocean projected to vanish by 2100', Nature Geoscience, 2, 341 – 343, doi:10.1038/ngeo467.
Dr Chris Huntingford is a climate modeller at the UK Centre for Ecology and Hydrology. He recently published a multi-author review of possible factors in the UK winter 2013/14 floods which this article is based on. This was accepted for publication as a perspective article in the journal Nature Climate Change and can be accessed at ‘Potential influences on the United Kingdom's floods of winter 2013/14' The article also builds on a blog post originally published on the CEH website here.
The views expressed in this article belong to the individual authors and do not represent the views of the Global Water Forum, the UNESCO Chair in Water Economics and Transboundary Water Governance, UNESCO, the Australian National University, or any of the institutions to which the authors are associated. Please see the Global Water Forum terms and conditions here.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
EAST ELMHURST, Queens — Five coyotes living on LaGuardia Airport property have been captured and euthanized.
The family of coyotes was first spotted earlier this year in their den. They were inhabiting an area that's been designated a parking lot for LaGuardia employees.
The coyotes have been seen roaming at night and even venturing into the street.
On one side of the controversy, officials from The Port Authority said the coyotes pose a threat and something had to be done.
On the other side of the argument, animal lovers said the measure was extreme and the coyotes should've been left alone.
In a statement to PIX11 News, The Port Authority of New York and New Jersey states: "Coyotes were located and euthanized to help keep airport travelers, workers and nearby residents safe after the coyotes became acclimated to humans, increasing the possibility of an attack. The actions were in accordance with the law for handling such situations."
But Frank Vincenti disagrees.
Vincenti heads The Wild Dog Foundation. Based in Mineola, the non-profit organization is devoted to documenting coyotes and protecting them as they live among us.
"I have been in their presence hundreds of times in the past six months and I never felt threatened," said Vincenti.
Vincenti says nearly every night of the week, he's spent time with this family of coyotes.
"I'd sit and enjoy them because they're a big part of my life," said Vincenti.
He's counted up to three adults and eight pups, all living on LaGuardia Airport property bordering the bridge to Rikers Island.
Vincenti says the coyotes actually fear humans and shy away from them. He is devastated by the news that earlier this week five of the coyotes were trapped and put down.
"The deterrence I was doing actually was working," Vincenti said. "I would chase them to discourage them from being too comfortable."
Author, philanthropist and animal rights activist Jean Shafiroff offered to shoulder the cost of relocating the animals but The Port Authority had already moved to capture and euthanize them.
"They could've been saved, I was willing to pay for their transport, whatever the cost," said Shafiroff.
"I don't think it was necessary to euthanize these coyotes. I think they could've been transported and had a good life in a sanctuary," she added.
Sparked by the growing populations of animals like deer and coyote, the city recently launched the “WildlifeNYC” campaign – to increase public awareness about living alongside wildlife in the city.
Apparently, Mordor is located – or at least will soon be located – in Morocco. The ‘Al Noor Tower' is a planned 1771-foot (540-meter) building to be built in Casablanca. Once finished, it will be the tallest building in all of Africa.
Designed by French architects ‘Valode et Pistre', the tower was made to look like a gigantic fountain pen that splits into two blades at the top. We, however, like to think it was made by an architect/ Lord of the Rings fan because it completely looks like Sauron's Barad-dur. Just look at it!
Tolkien fanboying aside, Al Noor contains lots of symbolism pertaining to Africa. Its 540-m height represents the 54 African countries, its 114 stories reflects the same number of chapter in the Quran, while its façade contains a design that honors Africa's many languages.
The $1billion project is expected to be completed in 2018. Expect orcs appearing soon after.
Via Sploid
This article has been cross-posted from our partner site, Technologizer.
There's misguided analysis out there this week (see here,here, and to some extent here for examples) on how supposedly Firefox is dead or in trouble. Better stop the presses: it sure isn't happening yet. In the first 24 hours following the browser's official release, consumers have downloaded it more than 4.7 million times, double the rate for Microsoft's Internet Explorer 9 debut last week. Downloads continue at a fairly torrid pace — you can follow here.
Firefox 4′s success is evidence of the fact that consumers are still looking past Microsoft when it comes to browsers. According to NetApplications, Internet Explorer's market share is now down to 57 percent. IE has been on a consistent decline for the past several years, and the upstart success of Chrome (which now has 11 percent of the market), and Firefox (at about 22 percent), show that consumers are ready for life post-Microsoft.
IE9 won't turn Microsoft's fortunes around in browsers, and neither Microsoft's woes nor Mozilla's alleged certain death have anything to do with Web app support (reading the Firefox roadmap answers that critique, which I covered here, and check out Jared's story on the Mozilla Web Apps platform). The challenge is called tablets.
While some of us in the tech blogosphere have poked a little fun at Steve Jobs' “post-PC” comments, he's on to something. With tablets now a legitimate force, it is only a matter of time before these devices begin to affect market share. How else do you think Safari has been able to grow its market share so quickly? I highly doubt that many are downloading Safari for Windows, frankly.
These devices will help either Chrome (for Android devices) or Safari (for iOS). As people increase their web use through tablets, it will come at the further expense of Internet Explorer and even Firefox too. Microsoft has no real plans in tablets for at least another year, and that's going to hurt.
Click here to view and comment on the original article.
The New Orleans City Council faces questions about why a committee decided to reappoint a longtime consultant without considering proposals that outlined ways to save utility customers millions of dollars each year. On Thursday (Jan. 12), the council is poised to affirm the vote of its Utility Committee, which approved Dentons U.S. and other supporting consultants without interviewing or publicly discussing other applicants.
Committee members moved forward the recommendation Dec. 14 to maintain its contract with Dentons even though the law firm provided no information about how it would contain costs that can run as high as $600 per hour for a single attorney's work. Council members were also not provided an opportunity to ask applicants --other than the current advisors -- questions during the meeting when new bids were considered.
Chief among the consultants' tasks is assisting the council in its oversight of Entergy New Orleans, the city's electric and gas utility. The advisors' work includes input on matters ranging from rate increases to expansion projects, such as the new power generation unit proposed for its Michoud plant.
Over the last several years, Dentons has been allowed to exceed its $3 million contract with the city, rolling over bills for work performed one year into the next -- a practice the City Council approved at the end of 2015 when members approved a $530,000 payment for accumulated overruns.
According to bid documents submitted to the city, when asked how consultants would be willing to accept a "not to exceed cost," provision, and "work creatively to meet or fall short of that amount," Dentons responded that it would defer "payments to ensuing budget years." Meanwhile, three other firms pledged to place limits on their billings, and one respondent said it would help the council hire enough internal staff that could perform work more cost effectively than an outside consultant would charge.
Dentons also proposed an increase on nearly all its fees -- $600 an hour for senior attorneys, up from $565; $475 an hour its Washington, D.C-based attorneys, up from $435; $375 an hour for attorneys in New Orleans, up from $300 -- Council Utility Regulatory Office director Pearlina Thomas said. Those increases were not discussed by the council committee, nor were their rates compared with attorneys from other firms.
Clint Vince, chairman of Dentons' U.S. energy group, said in an interview that while those rates are an increase, they are "hugely discounted from our standard billing rates." He also pointed out that his firm is among the top energy law firms in the country.
City Councilwoman Stacy Head said the committee's decision to not even consider other consultants, whose bids included money-saving ideas that would allow the council to reduce its reliance on outside consultants for relatively routine tasks, flies in the face of efforts to overhaul the city's unique regulatory role and save ratepayers money.
In 2015, Inspector General Ed Quatrevaux said the City Council's reliance on outside consultants is costly because many tasks the consultants handle could be performed by in-house staff. The report said that issues such as "energy efficiency, rate design, fuel adjustment clauses and formula-based rates are all within the capability of in-house staff."
Who pays to keep New Orleans electricity bills in check? You do, inspector general says New Orleans is an island when it comes to overseeing how its residents and businesses get electricity and what they pay for it. For 30 years, the city has negotiated its own rates, gone toe-to-toe with utilities before federal regulators...
Consultants who had submitted bids to replace Dentons, which receives the largest share of the city's more than $7 million energy regulation budget, had traveled from out of state to be available for questions during the City Council's committee meeting. But City Councilman Jason Williams, chairman of the committee, joined two other members to vote down an effort to defer the vote to allow more time to consider proposals.
Because the Council only discussed proposals from firms already under contract with the Council, there was no opportunity given to other applicants to speak on their proposals. That approach amounted to a "travesty" and a "charade" that undermines the council's credibility in choosing consultants in a fair way, said William Demarest, who submitted a proposal on behalf of Washington, D.C.-based Husch Blackwell LLP.
He said the Council's failure to seriously consider other applicants during the meeting makes it unlikely that the city would draw serious bidders in the future. The principals who submitted the three other proposals declined to comment for this story.
"We had learned through the grapevine -- and apparently it was inaccurate -- that the city was indeed serious about trying to save money. ... I don't think that proved to be the case," Demarest said in an interview. "One of the things we proposed was to right-size the staff of the Council Utilities Regulatory Office, trying to allow CURO to be more self-sufficient and not be dependent on legal services on an hourly basis. Those suggestions were never even considered."
The council is in a unique situation in the nation: It is the only major municipality to regulate an investor-owned utility, in this case Entergy New Orleans. Most other major cities' utility rates are regulated by a state-run entity, which is usually large enough to staff the agency to handle routine filings and accounting.
But in New Orleans, the council's regulatory office is staffed by four people, which the inspector general said is not enough to develop expertise on complex regulatory issues that come up. That makes it difficult not to rely on advisors like Dentons, as well as other advisors that provide technical, engineering and accounting services.
The inspector general found that the City Council also relies on Dentons for items it does not have expertise in, meaning the city was using "its contract attorneys as energy policy analysts." But it was the sheer number of hours billed that came under most scrutiny: Dentons billed for 6,600 hours in 2013, and Legend Consulting Group Ltd. performed 8,000 hours of work.
In a comparison to a similar-sized utility market, the inspector general found Rhode Island spends money to regulate in a far more balanced way than New Orleans. In 2013, Rhode Island paid about $5.5 million to in-house employees, with about $1.7 million paid to consultants. New Orleans, meanwhile, paid just $218,000 to in-house employees, while paying $7.47 million to consultants.
During the December New Orleans Council ccommittee meeting, Head also questioned whether the city's advisors had stirred up "unnecessarily acrimonious" fights with Entergy because the firm bills by the hour. The process, which Head referred to as "churning," requires conflict between the utility and the regulator. The more discord, the more consultants can bill to settle or mediate the disputes.
Vince denied his group has ever engaged in churn.
"I think that's materially a false allegation, and I think the best evidence of it is, last year we recommended and the Council accepted four major settlements at the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission ... that saved a very substantial amount of money," Vince said. "I think our track record is the exact opposite."
Vince also pointed to a case the City Council agreed to begin last year involving a "show cause" proceeding involving a plan that included what's known as "storm hardening" -- the ability of infrastructure to withstand storms. He said that overruns are often incurred because events like show because proceedings are not anticipated when the budget is set.
Show because proceedings require the utility to "prove that their decisions and expenditures were prudently spent," according to the Alliance for Affordable Energy.
But the City Council's motion to show cause indicate the process was initiated by Dentons, even though a report on the issue was filed in a timely fashion by Entergy New Orleans. Asked who initiated the show cause order, Vince said, "I think we recommended based on stakeholder concerns that the Council take action and we asked for them to approve our recommendation."
Who are the New Orleans City Council's highest-paid utility advisers? A new report from Inspector General Ed Quatrevaux's office finds the New Orleans City Council is overly dependent on costly outside consultants to regulate electricity, gas and other day-to-day utilities. Here is a list of the council's highest paid utility consultants based on 2013 contracts.
He also pointed out that the council has been able to keep electricity rates 20 percent to 25 percent lower than the national average. While that is true, New Orleans' rates average higher than the rest of the state. According to the website Electricity Local, New Orleans' residential ratepayers pay 17.3 percent more per kilowatt hour than the statewide rate. Commercial ratepayers pay 5.8 percent more.
Asked to respond to a letter from Demarest excoriating his committee for failing to consider alternatives, Williams said in a statement to NOLA.com | The Times-Picayune that the process "was conducted in a way which was no different in form than those before it.
"As such, the days and weeks prior to that December 14th meeting were designated for review and examination of the proposals submitted," Williams said. "We received responses from multiple highly qualified and very capable firms. Each was examined on their merits, and at the end of the day the committee voted to hear the matter."
Thursday's vote has been placed the consultants' contract on the Thursday's consent agenda, which means it won't be discussed and council members won't have to vote on it individually. Head said she plans to ask for a vote to remove it from the consent agenda so that council members can discuss it.
The process has played out very differently than Demarest said he expected. To at least show a hint of fairness, Demarest said, he expected a full discussion of the proposals in public and a preliminary indication of whether the other five were worth considering over Dentons.
"They called up the Dentons people and asked them questions," Demarest said. "They did not provide the same courtesy to the other proponents and to ask them questions about their proposals."
It appears the Council Utilities Regulation Office also anticipated the meeting could have gone a different way. The committee had included on its agenda a way to pay its consultants on a month-to-month basis if members decided they needed more time to consider the bids. But the committee opted to move forward on a vote over the objections of Head and Councilwoman Susan Guidry, who unsuccessfully asked for more time to consider the proposal.
Committee members had just four working days to consider information provided to them by the city's selection review committee, which doesn't include council members. Thomas, with the Council Utilities Regulatory Office, said its staff worked for months to maximize the quality and depth of the responses.
"CURO handled the task of vetting through every response to the (request for qualifications) for legal and technical regulatory services to the council with great vigor and tenacity to make sure our office read every page of every response," Thomas said. "The amount of dedication and diligence and the selection review committee was monumental to protect the council's regulatory authority, reflecting the seriousness of this matter."
In the end, Guidry voted in favor of Dentons and Legend, even though she asked for more time to consider the other proposals. She called it "disturbing" and "an awful precedent for us" that her fellow Council members voted against a deferral, which she said is considered a "professional courtesy."
Demarest said he accepts the fact that Dentons, as the incumbent advisor, had a "not unfair" advantage in the process. The firm, after all, had previous successes as the council's adviser, and council members were comfortable working with them.
Head said that in the end, it was possible that the council could have selected Dentons after all. The firm is widely seen as the most experienced in energy regulation in New Orleans, but the proposals the city received included firms that had more diverse experience.
But considering Dentons did not include in their proposal ways to reduce the city's spending on consultants, as Demarest's proposal did, it is now difficult to see how the City Council can move forward with overhauling the its utility regulation office and begin to reduce spending on consultants.
"Why are we going back on the recommendations made by the (inspector general) and essentially neuter the CURO office?" Head said. "There were several damaging criticisms in the IG report, many of which we should take to heart. It costs our ratepayers $6 (million) to $7 million a year for the regulation we do of Entergy. For every dollar we don't have to spend, that's a dollar we're not putting back into energy efficiency programs or reducing rates."
Update: City Councilman Jared Brossett issued the following statement after this story was published.
"I fully reviewed and considered all the responses received. The Request for Qualifications (RFQ) was issued in July 2016, responses were due in September 2016, and the Utilities Committee did not consider this matter until December 2016. There was ample time prior to December for the committee members to consider the merits of each proposal and make an informed decision."
Nissan is ready to take on the world's elite GT3 drivers and teams at next week's Liqui-Moly Bathurst 12 Hour following a positive shakedown at Winton.
The Japanese marque completed its final preparations for the February 3-5 Mount Panorama endurance classic by shaking down a recently built GT-R GT3 at the rural Victorian circuit.
Nissan Supercars star Michael Caruso shook down the #23 chassis which he will share with Japanese superstar Katsumasa Chiyo and factory driver Alex Buncombe at Bathurst.
The car is one of two factory supported GT-R GT3s at the event with the sister entry to be piloted by former Bathurst 12 Hour winner Florian Strauss, Jann Mardenborough and Todd Kelly.
The shakedown provided valuable track time for the team to prepare the new car for Bathurst while also offering Caruso a chance to familiarise himself with the GT-R again.
Caruso has had limited running after planned Australian GT outings in New Zealand last November in the team's sister car were cut short.
Expected to be among the contenders for the outright victory, having won the event in 2015 and finished second in 2016, the 33-year-old believes there will be no room for error next weekend.
“The car is ready, I feel ready and I think the rest of the guys are too,” Caruso told Speedcafe.com.
“There is no doubt the competition has stepped up quite a bit compared to years gone by, so we are going to have to be at our best.
“There is probably no more pressure than representing them in the Supercars Championship. I think it is more excitement that I'm feeling at the moment.
“It is pretty special to get to shakedown a new GT-R straight out of Nismo and have that responsibility.
“I only did 20 laps or so but it was important to get the installation done and the boys were happy.
“Everything ran smoothly and it was good opportunity to remind myself about left hand drive, ABS and traction control.”
Todd Kelly was also present at the shakedown to experience the GT-R GT3 for the first time.
Preparing for his first Bathurst 12 Hour, Kelly was impressed by Nissan's GT3 offering having spent the majority of his career racing V8 Supercars.
“I've spent the whole day trying to erase 20-odd years of learning how to drive a race car because the only car I've driven in recent times is a Nissan Altima Supercar,” said Kelly.
“Everything that you do in a Supercar is the opposite to what you do in a GT3 car. The GT-R is an absolute monster. It blows my mind.
“Bathurst is going to be quite a lot different to Winton – a lot faster, high speed and high lateral loads, but Winton is the kind of track that I need to have my first run in the GT-R.
“It has a lot of really hard braking and tight corners where I've been able to get used to the ABS and traction control.”
Nissan will also be represented by two privately run GT-R GT3s campaigned by Hobson Motorsport, who announced its driver line-up earlier this week.
The Sydney-based squad completed a shakedown of its cars at Sydney Motorsport Park on Tuesday.
VIDEO: Nissan completes Bathurst 12 Hour Winton Shakedown
A hairdresser who was 'high as a kite' on cocaine when she smashed a champagne glass into a father's face in a completely unprovoked attack was today spared jail because she is pregnant.
Becky Hulme, 25, missed Paul Pittuck's eye by millimetres when she rammed the glass into his face in the VIP area of the exclusive Faces Bar in Chelmsford, Essex.
The victim - who was there for a festive celebration with his wife and the parents of a youth football team which he runs - was given 15 stitches above his right eye by paramedics who were called to the scene.
Hairdresser Becky Hulme (left) smashed a champagne glass into Paul Pittuck's face (right) in a completely unprovoked attack while 'high as a kite' on cocaine - but has been spared jail
Although his sight was not affected, Mr Pittuck says he was so haunted by the attack that he now lives in fear of his safety, spending his life 'looking over his shoulder' in case 'somebody wants to hurt me or someone I love for no reason'.
The 42-year-old added in a victim impact statement that his confidence had been shattered and that his wife has had to undergo counselling to recover from what she witnessed.
Hulme admitted the attack at a previous hearing, but today claimed she had only 'reacted' when the victim made her feel 'uncomfortable' and came 'close' to her.
But the court heard the young woman was 'high as a kite' when she launched the attack and that the father-of-three was in 'no way to blame'.
Despite this, a judge at Chelmsford Crown Court today spared Hulme jail because of her age and because she is 17 weeks pregnant.
Hulme cried in the dock and gasped loudly when the judge told her she would walk free from court. She was ordered to complete 80 hours community service.
Mr Recorder Icah Peart QC said: 'I'm going to tell you straight away that I'm not going to sentence you to prison today.
'Your victim Mr Paul Pittuck had been enjoying an evening with his wife and friends when you hit him.
The judge today spared Hulme (pictured outside court today) jail because of her age and because she is 17 weeks pregnant
'When you felt him get close to you, you forcefully pushed him away without realising that you still had a champagne glass in your hand.
'I take into account your age, the fact that you are pregnant and that your child is due in October.'
After the sentence, Mr Pittuck blasted the sentence as a 'joke'.
'It is absolutely appalling - it is effectively a few days of community service for taking Class A drugs and crushing a glass in my eye,' he said.
'While we have been suffering and had our lives turned completely upside down, she has shown no remorse.
'It is an absolute joke. If the roles were reversed, and I had done it to her, it would be a very different story.'
His wife Charlotte added that she was 'disappointed' and also questioned whether the outcome would have been different if a man had attacked a woman.
Speaking to MailOnline, she said: 'First time offence or not, this was a savage crime that we feel deserves a more severe punishment. Our family will live with the effects of this attack for years to come.
‘I am very disappointed that her pregnancy has helped her avoid a prison sentence. Your first pregnancy should be an exciting time and not one where you have a threat of prison hanging over you.
‘I also worry that inequality has played a part here because it was a woman who did this to a man. She has said that she felt vulnerable, but it was her drug taking that made her feel paranoid.'
She added: ‘When you have a weapon such as a glass and you use it unprovoked, it doesn't matter your gender you are unable to defend yourself against this type of attack.'
During the hearing, prosecutor Karl Volz told the court how both Mr Pittuck and the defendant had been in a relatively busy area in separate parties when the incident unfolded in December 2016.
He told the judge how a witness described Hulme as being 'as high as a kite'.
After she was arrested, Hulme told police in a statement that she felt as though she was 'being watched'.
Hulme (left and right) admitted the attack but claimed she had reacted when the victim made her feel 'uncomfortable'
On the day of the attack, Hulme tweeted to say she was excited about the night ahead with her colleagues
'At some point I felt the complainant get close to me and I reacted,' she said.
But the prosecutor said the incident was 'in no way his fault and he is no way to blame'.
Mr Volz said Hulme had been drinking and had also taken a 'small amount of cocaine' when she claimed to see her victim's 'ill-motive'.
In his victim impact statement, Mr Pittuck had described how he was enjoying a celebratory night out with his group when Hulme struck.
He said: 'I would never have imagined the evening would have ended the way it did in the most distressing of circumstances, which will stay with me, my wife and the parents in our group, for the rest of our lives.'
Mr Pittuck (shown with his injury, above) said he now lives in fear of his safety and spends his life 'looking over his shoulder
The managing director said he has not only been left with physical scars, but had also suffered in his everyday life.
'The fear and the vulnerability I felt after the attack is indescribable,' he said.
'To be thrust into a situation - which was completely out of my control - with the sheer amount of blood and my wife not knowing whether I had been blinded... I cannot put into words those feelings of vulnerability that I felt and still feel.'
He said one of the hardest parts was seeing the 'horror and upset' in his children's faces when they saw the injuries.
'On seeing me they ran out the room in tears and were physically shaking,' he said.
'My wife comforted them all the time she was crying too. That look in their face will never leave me.'
He said his wife has spoken to a psychologist and that they both 'relive the night physically and mentally'.
'Before this unprovoked attack I was a confident outgoing man, who runs a large successful family business,' he added.
'My confidence has been severely affected and I am not that out going person anymore which frustrates me.
'I am fearful for my three young children when they grow up and start going out themselves because I was that victim of a senseless and vicious crime.
The attack took place in the VIP area of the exclusive Faces Bar in Chelmsford, Essex (pictured)
'I will forever have a scar that is there for me and others to see but the effects on me and my family run deeper.'
At an earlier hearing, Hulme, who works at Westwood Hairdressing in Chelmsford, Essex, admitted wounding and possession of 0.5g cocaine.
She had been charged with wounding with intent but the court heard her guilty plea for the lesser charge was accepted by the prosecution.
Evelyn Hicks, defending, said Hulme had no criminal record and that her judgement had been 'clouded' by the alcohol and drugs.
She added: 'She hides behind nothing from what you have heard.
'Ms Hulme was in a night out, she consumed a small amount of cocaine, the high as a kite is how people perceived her, but she does not hide from the fact that she had taken it.
'She accepts that that clouded her judgement and also the alcohol she consumed during the course of the evening.'
The judge handed Hulme, of Chelmsford, Essex, a 15-month jail term, suspended for two years. She was also ordered to carry out 80 hours of unpaid work.
Speaking after the hearing, Mrs Pittuck added that it was not true that her husband had gone close to Hulme.
She added: ‘The police have told us we had no contact with Miss Hulme whatsoever during the evening. They reviewed CCTV evidence from the bar and this was the our first point of contact with her.
‘Paul would not even been able to pick her out of a line up because he didn't know who she was or what she looked like given the fact she blindsided him with a glass.
'I was with him all night and neither he, nor the rest of us had any contact with her at any point. I was in no way concerned by any of his behaviour.
'The drugs would have made her paranoid and she is trying to justify her disposable actions.'
Some sharks are 'gregarious' and have strong social connections, whilst others are more solitary and prefer to remain inconspicuous, according to a new study which is the first to show that the notorious predators have personality traits.
Personalities are known to exist in many animals, but are usually defined by individual characteristics such as how exploratory, bold or aggressive an individual is.
Research led by the University of Exeter and the Marine Biological Association of the UK (MBA) has shown for the first time that individual sharks actually possess social personalities, which determine how they might interact with group mates in the wild.
In a study published today in the journal Behavioral Ecology and Sociobiology, the team tested for social personality by recording the social interactions of groups of juvenile small spotted catsharks in captivity under three different habitat types.
The species of shark (Scyliorhinus canicula), found throughout the northeast Atlantic and Mediterranean, group together by resting around and on top of one another, sat on the bottom of the seafloor.
Working at the MBA in Plymouth, Devon, ten groups of sharks were monitored in large tanks containing three habitats which differed in their level of structural complexity.
Dr David Jacoby, a behavioural ecologist now at the Institute of Zoology, London said: "We found that even though the sizes of the groups forming changed, socially well-connected individuals remained well-connected under each new habitat. In other words, their social network positions were repeated through time and across different habitats.
"These results were driven by different social preferences (i.e social/antisocial individuals) that appeared to reflect different strategies for staying safe. Well-connected individuals formed conspicuous groups, while less social individuals tended to camouflage alone, matching their skin colour with the colour of the gravel substrate in the bottom of the tank."
Professor Darren Croft, of the Centre for Research into Animal Behaviour at the University of Exeter, added: "We define personality as a repeatable behaviour across time and contexts. What is interesting is that these behaviours differ consistently among individuals. This study shows, for the first time, that individual sharks possess social personalities."
He added: "In the wild these small juveniles can make easy prey items for larger fish, so different anti-predator strategies are likely to have evolved. More research, however, is required to truly test the influence of predators on social personality traits in sharks. This study is the first step in that direction."
###
'Shark personalities? Repeatability of social network traits in a widely distributed predatory fish' by David Jacoby, Lauren Fear, David Sims and Darren Croft is published today in the journal Behavioral Ecology and Sociobiology.
The work was funded by the Fisheries Society of the British Isles.
Twitter: @UoE_ScienceNews
About the University of Exeter
The University of Exeter is a Russell Group university and in the top one percent of institutions globally. It combines world-class research with very high levels of student satisfaction. Exeter has over 18,000 students and is ranked 8th in The Times and The Sunday Times Good University Guide league table, 10th in The Complete University Guide and 12th in the Guardian University Guide 2014. In the 2008 Research Assessment Exercise (RAE) 90% of the University's research was rated as being at internationally recognised levels and 16 of its 31 subjects are ranked in the top 10, with 27 subjects ranked in the top 20. Exeter was The Sunday Times University of the Year 2012-13.
The University has invested strategically to deliver more than £350 million worth of new facilities across its campuses in the last few years; including landmark new student services centres - the Forum in Exeter and The Exchange on the Penryn Campus in Cornwall, together with world-class new facilities for Biosciences, the Business School and the Environment and Sustainability Institute. There are plans for another £330 million of investment between now and 2016.
http://www. exeter. ac. uk
Images can be obtained from Guy Baker.
Guy Baker
guba@mba.ac.uk
01752 633244
The Marine Biological Association (MBA) is a professional body for marine scientists with some 1,400 members world-wide. Since 1884 the MBA has established itself as a leading marine biological research organization contributing to the work of several Nobel Laureates and over 170 Fellows of the Royal Society. In 2013, the MBA was awarded a Royal Charter in recognition of its long and eminent history and its status within the field of marine biology. The award strengthens the Association's role in promoting marine biology as a discipline and in representing the interests of the marine biological community.
An 18-year-old Seminole County man will have a permanent souvenir of a late-night encounter with a snake: a bullet in his thigh.
Brandon Rapé was in a pickup truck with two friends Thursday about 11 p.m. when they pulled to the side of Sylvan Lake Drive near Sanford so that Rapé could answer the call of nature, a Sheriff's Office report states.
The men saw a large snake in the road, and Jared Hemphill, also 18, decided to shoot it with a semiautomatic rifle that belongs to Dustin Downer, 21.
Hemphill heard a noise in the bushes and assumed it was the snake, so he fired the Remington Speedmaster and accidentally struck Rapé in the left thigh, he told investigators.
Hemphill threw down the rifle, and he and Downer put Rapé in the truck, started driving to a hospital and called 911, according to the report.
A dispatcher told them to stop, so they pulled into the parking lot at Wilson Elementary School, 985 S. Orange Blvd., where deputies and emergency medical technicians met them.
Doctors at Orlando Regional Medical Center decided to leave the .22-caliber bullet in Rapé's leg, the report states.
Rapé, a cashier at a hardware store, did not want to press charges, and no one will be arrested, sheriff's spokeswoman Kim Cannaday said.
Deputies found the rifle in the bushes near where Rapé was shot.
Rapé and Downer could not be reached Friday. Hemphill was still shaken and would not comment.
sjacobson@tribune.com or 407-540-5981
The epiphany for Jan Brown-Lohr came as she stood in a cornfield, trying to block a frantic mother from running back into a burning airplane to find her 22-month-old son.
Moments before the DC-10 catapulted across a runway in Sioux City, Iowa, in 1989 and killed 112 people on board, Brown-Lohr did what she had been trained as a flight attendant to do: She told parents to wrap their small children in blankets, pad them with pillows, place them on the floor and hold them down with their hands or feet.
For children sitting on their parents' laps, it is considered the best protection. Sylvia Tsao did what she was told but lost her grip on her son, Evan, who was found dead in the wreckage of United Airlines Flight 232.
Tsao blamed Brown-Lohr.
"You told me to put my baby on the floor, and I did," Tsao said to Brown-Lohr. "And now he's gone."
Brown-Lohr, who lives in Schaumburg, has been haunted by what happened, has become an ardent advocate for child-safety seats on planes. She has lobbied Congress, gathered signatures from flight attendants and appeared on national news programs.
Her next appearance will be Wednesday on a PBS-TV special, titled "Escape! Because Accidents Happen," that explores ways to survive plane disasters.
Brown-Lohr's campaign to protect so-called lap babies has had some success. The Federal Aviation Administration is now seriously considering mandating safety seats for children under age 2 and could make a decision as soon as next summer.
Before deciding, federal officials are studying whether to require safety seats designed specifically for aircraft or to continue letting parents use seats from cars, many of which are approved for planes.
A stumbling block to the seat requirement is the airline industry's fear that parents will turn to vehicle travel more because a child-seat law would require guardians to buy separate tickets for all children.
Commercial airlines, including American and United, knowing that statistically it is safer to fly than drive, are trying to combat the added expense by offering discounted fares for infants and toddlers whose parents want them secured. The airlines have stopped short of taking a stance on a mandate for safety seats until the FAA outlines design standards for them.
"Before you can deal with any issues, you have to come up with what is effective and what is not effective on a plane," said David A. Fuscus, a spokesman for the Air Transport Association, which represents the nation's big airlines.
"In the meantime, we always urge people to bring their car seats on board and strap (children) in," he said.
"A pet in a pet carrier under the seat is far safer than a child sitting on a lap unrestrained," Brown-Lohr said.
It's not only the child's safety that is at stake. Other passengers could be struck by a child whose parent cannot hold on.
The National Transportation Safety Board cites still another reason for safety seats. An unrestrained child would likely become separated from his or her parents in the chaos of an emergency.
Nora Marshall, deputy chief of the Survival Factors Division of Aviation Safety for the NTSB, said a child could be lost or overlooked in the fire and smoke. She said that happened in the Sioux City crash that killed Evan Tsao.
After the plane came to a stop upside-down, the cabin began to fill with smoke. As survivors scrambled from the wreckage, a passenger who had been sitting near Evan and was searching for him heard a child crying inside a closed overhead bin.
The passenger reached down and rescued the child, who turned out to be another lap baby who had been thrown 15 rows behind her mother's seat.
That child survived. Evan was found dead in the back of the plane.
The cause for safety seats is important enough to Brown-Lohr that she is undaunted by the seemingly slow pace of change. And she vows to keep pushing even though she retired as a flight attendant in July.
Brown-Lohr recalls vivid details, like the palpable tension in the cockpit when the pilots realized they had lost virtually all steering and braking capabilities at 39,000 feet; her dry mouth and the pin-drop silence as she recited the emergency procedures to a cabin full of terrified passengers; and the bone-shattering impact that left her wondering how her body had stayed intact; the roller-coaster ride as the plane cartwheeled and landed upside-down; the elderly couple she firmly but gently hurried along so others could escape the burning plane; and the thick black smoke that eventually forced Lohr to flee.
Brown-Lohr suffered second- and third-degree burns and counts herself lucky to have been among the 184 who survived.
"I guess it wasn't my time. I still had things to do," said Brown-Lohr. "I guess someone had to be Evan's voice."
Now that the dust is beginning to settle on the ‘Deadpool 2' debacle that is Tim Miller and others leaving the film over disputes with Ryan Reynolds, it seems there is a media blitz by 20th Century Fox and Reynolds himself to assure people that Miller leaving is not that big of a deal, as the star was really the driving force behind the franchise all along, and will continue to be so even with the departure of Miller. They are also quick to point out that there were issues with Miller even during the filming of ‘Deadpool' itself, but nothing that they could not overcome, but using that fact to point out that Reynolds even back then had a large hand in how the film was being developed, especially in terms of character and humor, which were two of the reasons why Miller ended up leaving, despite the fact that those were some of the more successful aspects of the film. According to Reynolds, there were a lot of bumps along the way, but nothing that they could not overcome due to their love of the material and drive to make the best movie possible. At the end of the day, the way he worked best with Tim Miller was for them both to stay in their own wheelhouse, Miller with directing and visual effects, Reynolds with tone, character and humor. In Reynold's words:
“Making the movie was very, very difficult. It was the most passionate group of individuals I've ever worked with in my life. And for whatever reason, that mercurial crazy burgoo of people is what made this thing work so well, not just because I had this vision and I saw it this way and it had to be this way. It worked because we all had that feeling. But there were vaguely scary fights in the post-production process that escalated quickly. Luckily, everybody's grown up and at the end of the day enjoys and loves each other…I know when I need to exert control, and I know when I need to let go of it. I'm not gonna go and sit with Tim Miller and say, ‘The visual effects of Deadpool need to be done this way.' The man is a visual-effects wizard. But there are character and tone things that I know really well. And I've also been with this thing the longest out of anybody, aside from the guys that wrote the comics. Eleven years I've been trying to get this Sisyphus rock up the hill, and it kept rolling back on top of me. So I'm gonna be all the fuck over it from the moment it starts to the moment it finishes.”
At the end of the day though, Reynolds is not known for making a lot of great movies over the years, but one could surmise that all of the awful movies he has been a part of might have taught him a lot about what NOT to do in Hollywood while filmmaking, so here's hoping having his steady hand on the wheel (and being able to find another great director) will be enough to keep the ‘Deadpool' franchise going in the right direction. Feel free to share your thoughts on the matter in the comments below!
Source: GQ
Stretch Goal #2: $100,000 - LCD Front Panel with SD card slot and D-pad
Stretch Goal #1 was easily reached at $55,000. Cool camBLOCK LED flashlights will ship with every system! Stretch Goal #2 is more ambitious:
Right now, the camBLOCK Adventure has LED lights to indicate Power, WiFi connectivity, and status. If we can reach this goal, we'll have the funds to develop and include an LCD screen directly on the camBLOCK Adventure. In addition to having the screen display your shot status, You can program A->B moves on the device by setting start position, end position, duration, interval and shutter speed. This can be handy if you're in extreme conditions that that are too cold or wet for your ipad and still need to pull off a shot. The SD card slot can be used to save moves, update firmware, or other exciting options.
Thank you to our backers!
We are very pleased at the response our Kickstarter has gained. We know that there are hundreds of filmmakers who have wanted our systems over the years, and now camBLOCK Adventure is within reach for most of them. If you want our new system at a substantial discount then now is the time to order by becoming a backer.
Thank you for your support and input over the years, we are excited about this next leap for camBLOCK and are excited about enabling more filmmakers than ever before through camBLOCK Adventure.
Stewart and the camBLOCK team :)
Our Story
For the past five years, camBLOCK has built portable motion control systems for film and television production. Our motion control systems have taken motion time-lapse and real-time special effects technology out of dedicated studios, and brought it to some of the most remote locations on the planet. Professional filmmakers shooting for BBC, Discovery, National Geographic, TNT, NFL Films, IMAX productions and more, have used camBLOCK to achieve awe inspiring motion time-lapse and real-time special effect shots.
We are filmmakers ourselves, and build the tools we want to work with. Our mix of engineering skills and film production experience gives us unique insight into the world of production technology. Our systems aren't made just to work in the lab, they are made to face real world filming challenges.
Based on our experiences and user feedback, we are now creating our next generation motion control system aptly named the camBLOCK Adventure. It is designed to shrink our technology into an ultra-portable form factor that is even more rugged and easy to use, while keeping the advanced features that professionals rely on. And perhaps most importantly, we are making our technology available at price that will allow even more filmmakers to own our systems.
Device Features
3 Axis motion control - Pan, Tilt and Dolly
Cameras weighing up to approx. 10lbs supported. For DSLRs, digital cinema cameras, etc.
Track length: extendable from about 2 feet to 10 feet. Package comes with 5 lengths of track that are 23.75" each, (10 tubes total)
Additional track will be available up to 20 feet max.
Wireless control via IOS app
Integrated camera shutter trigger - cables available for most major DSLR
(*At the conclusion of our campaign, we'll email you to find out which camera trigger cable you'll need.)
App Features
Keyframe based timeline familiar to editors and effects artists. The Keyframe interface allows for the creation of complex and smooth movements, scalable to any speed (up to the maximum speed of our motor/gear-train)
Save and open moves for use at later times. Recreate shots in multiple locations. Create multiple pass visual effects. Even multispeed compositing.
Special timelapse modes to calculate for all timelapse variables. Even multiply your productivity with the Multi-Timelapse interleave capability, shooting many sequences simultaneously.
Revolutionary Exposure mapping for day-to-night transitions.
Construction
Single, compact unit
Unique, patent pending tilt mechanism allowing up to 180 °of tilt without bulky side structure.
CNC milled of 6061 aluminum and hard anodized
High quality gears & motors with no backlash
Weather resistant design
Expandable After we deliver rewards to all our backers, we'll begin production and sale of these add-ons via our website. lensBLOCK lens movers for Focus/Zoom/Iris of your camera that will connect to the built-in expansion port
Vertical Dolly Kit - counter-weight pulley system to take strain off motors when setting up the dolly vertically or at a high incline.
Additional track, expandable to 20 feet
LCD Front Panel with SD card slot and D-pad - will be included if stretch goal #2 is met, but will be offered separately otherwise.
State of Development
Our original camBLOCK has been in use for about 5 years, and that's given us a lot of headway in designing the camBLOCK Adventure. The adventure is currently in prototyping stage - We've iterated several CAD designs and are currently testing our 3D printed prototype. Much of the electronics for the Adventure are already in use on the original camBLOCK and are in the process of being integrated into our prototype. Once we've fully tested the printed prototype, we'll begin the production design CNC milled from aluminum. Wireless protocol and app development have begun and the iOS app currently has basic functionality.
iOS App & CAD drawings
iOS App current mockup
camBLOCK Adventure CAD Drawing
Line drawings from our CAD designs
History - Stewart Mayer, Inventor
Stewart Mayer is a filmmaker, turned inventor, turned entrepreneur. After studying engineering and film in college, Stewart began his career as a full-time cinematographer filming nationally syndicated documentaries and television programs. As his vision for making dynamic images advanced, he discovered that the technology he was searching for wasn't available on a small scale. So, he created his own. Designing special cameras, developing mechanical systems, writing custom software and fabricating all of the parts, Stewart created a motion control time lapse and real time system that made it possible to bring big budget movie effects to the small screen.
It didn't take long for Stewart's invention to start getting noticed in the filmmaking community. Producers, directors, and photographers all wanted the portable, versatile, affordable motion control system. And so, in 2008, Stewart turned his prototype into a full-fledged business – camBLOCK. Coincidentally, that's the last time Stewart has had a legitimate vacation.
Stewart has personally put camBLOCK to use around the world on dozens of projects, including the Emmy Award-winning National Geographic series "Great Migrations"; in the Arctic for the CBC Award-winning "Polar Bears: A Summer Odyssey"; and as the stop motion director of photography for the 2012 Academy Award-winning animated short "The Fantastic Flying Books of Mr. Morris Lessmore."
In just five years, camBLOCK has been used across the globe by top filmmakers for the BBC, National Geographic, Discovery Channel, TNT – and even 3D Imax.
Credit has to go to Bangladesh batsmen, says Black Caps pace bowler Tim Southee.
They've dug themselves this cavernous hole, now New Zealand need to bat their way out. And bat. And bat.
Otherwise a major embarrassment looms for these bruised Black Caps whose pre-Christmas Pakistan double became a distant memory on a long, hot day in the Basin Reserve dirt.
One of the proudest days in Bangladesh test cricket doubled as the hosts' Friday horrors, as two seasoned campaigners Shakib Al Hasan and Mushfiqur Rahim took New Zealand's errant bowlers apart and broke multiple records for fun.
HAGEN HOPKINS/GETTY IMAGES Shakib Al Hasan (right) and Bangladesh team-mate Mushfiqur Rahim plundered numerous records on day two at the Basin Reserve.
At stumps on day two of the first test in Wellington, Bangladesh were walking tall at 542-7 after Shakib and his captain Mushfiqur posted the country's highest partnership for any wicket: an epic 359. That joined lofty company as the world's fourth-highest fifth-wicket stand, as Shakib rumbled onwards to 217, his country's highest individual score.
READ MORE:
* Recap: Black Caps v Bangladesh
* Ouch! Southee's wayward throw
* Shoddy bowling, quality batting
* Bracewell out for the season
NZN VIDEO Bangladesh satisfied with first innings total in first test against the Black Caps at Basin Reserve.
Asked if the tourists would bat on in the morning, a cheeky Mushfiqur replied "let's see" with a grin. He had every right to smile.
"It's really satisfying after we lost the ODI and T20 series, we are under tremendous pressure to show our skills, because everyone thought this team can't play a test overseas. The boys really stood up and hopefully this is just the start," Mushfiqur said.
A weary Trent Boult broke the partnership when he enticed a false drive from Mushfiqur on 159 in the lengthening shadows, before Shakib chopped on from Neil Wagner. Still it was job done, as he departed to a rousing ovation from a Basin crowd well used to record-breaking feats in the wake of Brendon McCullum, BJ Watling and Kane Williamson.
JOHN COWPLAND/PHOTOSPORT Another ball races across the Basin Reserve outfield from a Bangladesh bat as New Zealand's captain Kane Williamson contemplates.
It was high quality stuff as the pair sauntered past the previous record of 312 between openers Tamim Iqbal and Imrul Kayes against Pakistan in 2015. Tamim's 206 that day was Bangladesh's previous best.
The pair batted ruthlessly after enduring a short-pitched barrage, dispatched the many wide offerings from the bowlers then put the foot down after tea by scoring a blistering 103 off 17 overs.
By that stage, home captain Williamson looked bereft as the field scattered and even the last resort of Wagner's leg theory couldn't do the trick. Williamson departed twice to ice a bruised finger and Wagner ended with the best figures of 3-124 off 36 as Bangladesh raced along at four an over.
NZN VIDEO Shakib Al Hasan's big day at the Basin Reserve on second day of first test against the Black Caps.
When the ball doesn't swing on a flat pitch New Zealand can quickly look ragged and one-dimensional. They were also sloppy in the field, after they missed the mark in the gale on day one then lacked punch and ran out of ideas on a dream batting surface.
"We bowled some good balls but we didn't apply enough pressure for long enough. That's where credit goes to Bangladesh. They haven't just let us bowl; if we were off by a little bit, a bit of width and Shakib will cut it," said senior bowler Tim Southee.
A significant rescue job looms. Salvaging a draw wasn't yet in their thinking as they go in to bat on a pitch they know well, that won't deteriorate in a hurry. "There's still a lot of cricket to be played. We'll rest up and come back with the plan of knocking these three over and trying to go as big as we can."
JOHN COWPLAND/PHOTOSPORT Neil Wagner mulls his next move after Bangladesh's batsmen ably handled his bouncer barrage.
The second new ball at 285-4 offered a chance for New Zealand but it barely swung for Boult or Southee. Luck also went against them as edges flew wide of catchers and Shakib cut and short-arm jabbed anything short that sat up nicely.
There were fielding blunders, too, when the Black Caps needed to snaffle anything that came their way. Mitchell Santner's drop of a searing pull shot from Shakib, on four in the Thursday gloom, was punished severely.
Wicketkeeper BJ Watling looked like he'd removed Shakib on 137 but the ball brushed the grass after his diving grab of a Wagner bouncer.
HAGEN HOPKINS/GETTY IMAGES Bangladesh captain Mushfiqur Rahim was peppered by short deliveries but survived to build a big partnership with Shakib Al Hasan.
Ross Taylor then put down a diving chance he looked to have snaffled at gully, with Shakib on 189. It was his day, and soon afterwards he rattled up his first double-century off 253 balls with his 30th boundary - a familiar cut off Colin de Grandhomme.
Bangladesh's effort was even more remarkable for being their first away test match since September 2014, with an away record of three wins from 43 tests.
In the past three Basin Reserve tests, New Zealand's 221 against Sri Lanka in 2015 was the highest first innings total. And when the tourists reached 523 they'd beaten their four combined innings totals in Wellington.
The key passage in the Obama-Tapper interview, in which Obama said that Congress needs to change the Stupak Coathanger amendment, is this:
"I laid out a very simple principle, which is this is a health care bill, not an abortion bill," Obama said. "And we're not looking to change what is the principle that has been in place for a very long time, which is federal dollars are not used to subsidize abortions." Saying the bill cannot change the status quo regarding the ban on federally funding abortions, the President said "there are strong feelings on both sides" about an amendment passed on Saturday and added to the legislation, "and what that tells me is that there needs to be some more work before we get to the point where we're not changing the status quo."
... "I want to make sure that the provision that emerges meets that test -- that we are not in some way sneaking in funding for abortions, but, on the other hand, that we're not restricting women's insurance choices," he said.
I hope he follows up those remarks with phone calls to Ben Nelson and Bob Casey, because they're working on their own version of Stupak as we speak. Stupak goes well beyond Hyde, as President Obama iterates in this interview--this bill is not intended to change Hyde.
The House bill already had Hyde language established, this amendment was superfluous and little more than attempt to make political hay off of a critical issue, to either try to kill healthcare reform altogether, or to set up a vote where a handful can still brag about how conservative they are back home, but not to have to vote against a highly popular bill.
Both Senate reform bills contain Hyde language as well, with the SFC creating a firewall between the financing and the HELP committee leaving it up to the HHS Secretary to determine the policy within the confines of Hyde. It remains to be seen if Obama's warning will be enough to keep the Senate from following the House's lead, but if they're paying attention to their President, and if they're paying attention to their base, they'll leave well enough alone on this one.
While newly crowned PGA Championship victor Jason Dufner has become known this season for starting the #Dufnering trend on social media, Lee Westwood seemingly stole the World Wide Web spotlight for a few hours late Sunday and early Monday.
Article continues below ...
It began with a fairly innocuous, yet clear, message from Westwood's Twitter account to his critics at 11:44 p.m. EDT, via @WestwoodLee:
You minions need to live from the inside out rather than the outside in!!!! — Lee Westwood (@WestwoodLee) August 12, 2013
Nothing unusual there. Pro golfers, pro athletes or any celebrity sometimes see fit to defend themselves on social media. The critical posts can be cruel and vulgar all too often.
But what followed was, indeed, extraordinary. Westwood continued to take on the “trolls,” as they have long been called among Internet users, and retort while holding little back. It ended nearly three hours later with this remark: “Not been hacked. Just honest. Bored now. Westy out.”
There was also an apology via Westwood's account just before noon Monday:
Sincere apologies to my sponsors and true followers for my earlier comments . It was out of order and out of character ,Westy . — Lee Westwood (@WestwoodLee) August 12, 2013
Most golfers and celebrities employ the discretion-is-the-better-part-of-valor approach to posts by “trolls.” Some major media entities even discourage their public figures from engaging in such back-and-forths. Yet others are known to stand up for themselves.
Ian Poulter can occasionally be seen using a handful of tweets to turn back critics – and joined the fray with Westwood for a moment from his account:
Morning my Sharkshootout partner @WestwoodLee. You have been having some twitter trouble. Let me know next time we both let them have it. Funnier — Ian Poulter (@IanJamesPoulter) August 12, 2013
Westwood retweeted some remarks from “trolls,” tacking on his own replies at the end of the post to which he was replying. His account's posts even on occasion showed a self-deprecating sense of humor, or merely talked soccer. Other times, his account's remarks simply employed the old theory that the best defense is a good offense.
• • •
Here is a sampling of tweets from Westwood's account during a busy post-major flurry of activity. A handful of comments appear to have disappeared:
You minions need to live from the inside out rather than the outside in!!!! — Lee Westwood (@WestwoodLee) August 12, 2013
“ @Greeny781: @WestwoodLee How do you feel about your round today?”tried100% all the way round! — Lee Westwood (@WestwoodLee) August 12, 2013
“ @Louis_Evison: @WestwoodLee Will you just STFU and go and learn how to putt!!!”will you get a life first? — Lee Westwood (@WestwoodLee) August 12, 2013
@WestwoodLee: ‘ “@D4vidElliott: @WestwoodLee don't rise to it mate”just sick of negative a..holes sat behind a keyboard with a pitiful life mate !thats all!'
@WestwoodLee: ‘“@Louis_Evison: @WestwoodLee and you are obviously on the pints the night before your final round. You owe me £20 as well. Cheers xxx”oo £20'
@WestwoodLee: ‘Like I give a [expletive] what the haters say! That's life ! Some people will always be just a little bit better and work just a little bit harder'
Oh yeah you've gone quite now!!!! Saddo's . what's wrong? Don't like it back you failures?
— Lee Westwood (@WestwoodLee) August 12, 2013
@WestwoodLee: ‘Not my decent human beings followers of course. Just the [expletive] that should be locked up by the twitter police.'
@WestwoodLee: ‘Oh yeah you're all quite now arnt you ! Come on ! Bring it on big boys! Yeah I thought not!'
@WestwoodLee: ‘Come on you girly boy trolls! I've only won just over 2 mills on course this year! Need you to keep me entertained a bit longer than this'
@WestwoodLee: ‘ “@20_and_counting: @WestwoodLee put the phone down Westy before it gets out of hand – ill swap my career for yours #JustSaying”nowhyshouldi!'
@WestwoodLee: ‘ “@tmckeever89: @WestwoodLee Lee what you make of monty slagging your game in commentary? Thought it was a bit harsh..”who?'
@WestwoodLee: ‘ “@11_shaun: @WestwoodLee shut it Westwood. Your boring us all now #zzzzzzzzzz”haha! Look at Shaun and his perma tanned boy banned! Geltastic'
@WestwoodLee; ‘ “@normy_kidd: @WestwoodLee you deserve all the stick you get after that last round of golf!”and I tried all the way. And you're a [expletive]!'
“ @Heydawro: @WestwoodLee @IBFinchy Lee, you don't take criticism very well do you !!”not from unachieving low life's . No! — Lee Westwood (@WestwoodLee) August 12, 2013
The standard of spelling on Twitter is diabolical ! Even with predictive! — Lee Westwood (@WestwoodLee) August 12, 2013
“ @JBeckett23: @WestwoodLee Has someone hacked your account Lee.. drink doesn't solve anything!”oh it does! Plenty! — Lee Westwood (@WestwoodLee) August 12, 2013
Get to training Joey ! You need to run a bit of fat off! Trust me, I know! — Lee Westwood (@WestwoodLee) August 12, 2013
Initial claims for unemployment insurance (or jobless claims) fell to 502,000 last week -- a drop of 12,000 from last week's revised level (and 10,000 from last week's unrevised level). That brought the four-week moving average down to 519,750 -- a decline of 4,500 from last week, and of 139,000 from its mid-April peak. That was the lowest level of initial claims since the first week of January (when the numbers were distorted due to the New Years Holiday).
As the chart below (from http://www.calculatedriskblog.com/) shows, that was probably the high point for this cycle. The decline has been quite smooth and steady -- unlike the experience of the last two economic downturns, where after an initial decline, claims leveled off and remained high for an extended period of time.
The fact that we are back to around the same levels we were in January points to the danger of doing a straight extrapolation from the level of initial claims to job losses in the overall economy. Back then we were dropping jobs at a rate of over 700,000 per month, now we are losing jobs at less than 200,000 per month. If history is much of a guide, we will not be adding jobs until we see in four-week average drop below 400,000 or so.
Still, things age going in the right direction, and at a reasonable pace. The problem is that it is still a long journey from where we are to where we need to go. If initial jobless claims were to continue to fall at the pace they have been (after revisions) for the last two months, we would get below that 400,000 around the Christmas holidays. That would indeed make it a Happy New Year.
However, even if we get to the point where the economy is adding jobs, we still have population growth to contend with. Due to the growth of the population, we need to be adding about 100,000 jobs a month just to keep the unemployment rate stable, let alone bring it down significantly. That is a tall order.
There was also some good news on the Continuing Claims front as they dropped by 139,000 to 5.631 million. That is 1.27 million below the peak set at the end of June of 6.904 million. However, that decline has to be taken with a grain of salt since continuing claims only tracks those in regular state unemployment programs, which run out after 26 weeks.
With the average duration of unemployment at 26.9 weeks, and the median at 18.7 weeks (both all-time records by a very long shot versus other recessions) regular continuing claims is clearly a flawed measure. After regular claims run out, people are then covered under emergency extended claims, paid by the Federal government as part of the stimulus package. Those, too, were in danger of running out for many until they were finally extended earlier this week.
There are now 4.043 million people in the two major extended benefit programs, a decline of just over 5,000 this week (actually two weeks ago, the extended numbers are reported with a delay). That decline is just as likely from people simply running out of their extended benefits as from them getting new jobs. The data should be interesting to look at in a few weeks to see if the numbers shoot back up as the new extension kicks in.
I am encouraged by the steady decline in the initial jobs numbers. They show that we are getting closer to the day when businesses finally, on balance, start to hire people again. That will provide people with the income and confidence in the future that we need to get the economy humming again. It would be the start of a virtuous cycle, as that extra income feeds back into the econo0my creating yet more jobs, and more income.
Right now, we are more likely in "no man's land," where the back of the vicious cycle has been broken, but a virtuous one has not yet taken its place. The hope of this happening could help out the retailers just in time for Christmas. However, I would bet that the discounters like Target (TGT) and TJ Maxx/Marshall's (TJX) do better than the higher end stores like Abercrombie & Fitch (ANF) this year. Still, it's better to see an economy where people are shopping at Wal-Mart (WMT) than one where the only place doing any business is the Salvation Army.
Read the full analyst report on "TGT"
Read the full analyst report on "TJX"
Read the full analyst report on "ANF"
Read the full analyst report on "WMT"
Zacks Investment Research
Donald Trump is celebrating his 71st birthday on Wednesday. While it may not be a national holiday quite yet, it is his first since becoming President, and will undoubtedly be a special day for him.
People usually receive cakes on their birthdays, with their age mirrored by the number of candles. But with baked goods from the mainstream media unlikely to get past White House security these days, we can only offer the next best thing: a list of 71 things Trump has actually said – one for every year he has lived.
It would usually be difficult to compile so many memorable quotes from a President, but Trump has produced so many that it's actually difficult to whittle them down to just 71. And what's more, they keep on coming.
We'll tell you what's true. You can form your own view. From 15p €0.18 $0.18 $0.27 a day, more exclusives, analysis and extras.
If Trump's presidency already alarms you, then be warned: some of these quotes may keep you up at night. But if you're a fan of the President, then here he is, in his own words, unfiltered by the mainstream media. Still sure about him? Ok. Well, enjoy:
Happy Birthday, Mr President!
We'll tell you what's true. You can form your own view.
At The Independent, no one tells us what to write. That's why, in an era of political lies and Brexit bias, more readers are turning to an independent source. Subscribe from just 15p a day for extra exclusives, events and ebooks – all with no ads.
Subscribe now
Interactive Extensions (Ix) is a set of additional LINQ to Objects query operators based on the work done in the Reactive Extensions (Rx). A quick look through the API reveals a set of IEnumerable extension methods under the System.Linq namespace. While most developers already have many of these in their own utility libraries, having a standard implementation for these missing features would be useful.
First up is ForEach, the extension method that pretty much every developer has written at some point. There are two variants, with the second including a zero-based index.
Buffer will chop up an enumeration into smaller enumerations based on a given size. The buffer method uses a mixture of eager and lazy loading. Each buffer of N elements is eagerly read, but no more elements from the source will be read until the previous buffer is fully consumed.
Catch is a rather interesting function. It will read from one source until it either completes or it throws an exception. In the latter case it will then start reading from a second source. The second source can be either an IEnumerable or a function that will return an IEnumerable. When using the latter the logic can be restricted to a specific type of exception.
Concat merely starts enumerating a second list once the first is completed.
Defer takes a function instead of an IEnumerable. The function will be executed if and only if something tries to enumerate over it.
DistinctUntilChanged filters out consecutive duplicates. For example, the sequence [A A B A A B] would become [A B A B].
Do is a variant of ForEach. Unlike ForEach, the Do function only executes its action on elements as they are being enumerated.
DoWhile is like TakeWhile except that the predicate function doesn't consider the item being enumerated.
The For function deals with an interesting problem. Say you have a list of authors and a matching search function that returns a list of books. The For function would execute the search function on each author in the list and then return a concatenated list of books.
Generate returns a list my mimicking a C style for-loop. It takes for parameters, the initial value, the condition function, the iterate function that changes the state, and the result selector. One could see easily this being used to represent a state machine as an IEnumerable.
The If function uses a predicate function to determine which of two lists to return. If only one list is supplied, then an empty sequence is returned for the false case.
Memoize is used to prevent enumerating a source more than once. In some ways it is like calling ToList, except that ToList will always enumerate the source only once while Memoize will enumerate the source zero or one times. If you tell Memoize how many readers to expect, it can remove items from its internal buffer as the items are consumed by all of the expected readers.
Min and Max work as advertised. MinBy and MaxBy add the option of supplying a value function so you can express things such as “select the customer with the most sales”.
OnErrorResumeNext concatenates two or more sequences with the added benefit that an error from any one sequence will not prevent it from concatenating the remaining sequences.
Repeat creates a list, finite or infinite, that simply repeats the same value over and over again. The value may be a scalar or a list.
Retry will attempt to enumerate a source until successful or an optional number of exceptions have been thrown.
Return will turn a scalar value into a list containing just that one value, eliminating the need to explicitly create arrays of length 1.
Scan is a useful feature for aggregating multiple fields. Unlike normal aggregate functions, Scan functions can be composed, this reducing the number of passes through the source. For example, source.Scan(a=> Dollars +=a.Dollars).Scan(a=> Units +=a.Units).
SkipLast and TakeLast are mirrors of the Take and Skip functions.
Throw is useful for testing, it creates an IEnumerable that will throw an exception if someone tries to enumerate over it.
To learn more about Interactive Extensions watch Bart De Smet's presentation or download the experimental release.
Posted by
Here are the average capacity factors of every Danish offshore wind farm, newly updated to include data to the end of February 2018. The Anholt 1 windfarm, which only opened in 2013, had a storming year, and reached an average capacity factor of 53.7% for the full year 2017. Compare these with the capacity factors for German, and UK, and Belgian offshore wind farms.
Danish windfarms also include the most productive wind turbines in the world, at Rønland I: the turbines have been operating for over 14 years now, with a lifetime capacity factor of 44.5%; of its eight turbines, four are rated at 2.3MW peak power, and each of those four had by the end of July 2014 generated over 100 GWh: the first turbines to pass that milestone.
And, for the first time, I've had to update the calculations for a new phenomenon: the first decommissioning of a commercial offshore windfarm: Vindeby generated its last electricity in February 2017, after a remarkable 25 years of life.
Nissum Bredning is the newest offshore windfarm in Denmark – a demonstration site with four prototype turbines. Samsø has finally replaced the turbine that broke in December 2015. Construction is ongoing at Horns Rev 3, which is due to become operational next year.
Data is to the end of Feb 2018. Analysis by EnergyNumbers.info. Raw data from ens.dk Latest
rolling
12-month
capacity
factor Life
capacity
factor Age
(y) Installed
capacity
(MW p ) Total
elec. gen.
(GWh) Power per
unit area
spanned
(W/m2) Rolling annual
capacity factors
(click to enlarge) Quantiles
Total 45.8% 41.9% 1271 44 512 2.6 Anholt 1 52.8% 49.4% 4.9 399.6 8 487 2.2 Avedøre Holme 40.4% 38.4% 7.7 10.8 279 Frederikshavn 29.8% 30.6% 14.8 7.6 301 Horns Rev I 41.6% 42.0% 15.3 160 9 031 3.4 Horns Rev II 49.2% 48.1% 8.5 209.3 7 495 3.1 Middelgrunden 24.9% 25.5% 17.2 40 1 533 Nissum Bredning 0.2 28 2 Nysted (Rødsand) I 39.9% 37.3% 14.7 165.6 7 963 2.6 Nysted (Rødsand) II 45.5% 44.0% 7.7 207 6 147 2.7 Rønland I 45.0% 44.5% 15.1 17.2 1 015 Samsø 40.1% 39.3% 13.7 23 1 192 Sprogø 28.5% 33.9% 8.3 21 520 Tunø Knob 33.1% 30.4% 22.8 5 303 Vindeby (closed) 22.0% 25.5 4.95 244
Load duration curves
Here's for each of the offshore windfarms for which there is detailed hourly data from ENTSOE (from the start of 2015 to the end of 2017). Use the pause and play buttons to stop and start the sequential display of curves. Click on the windfarm name in the legend to toggle the display of that farm's curve.
Calculation method
Just as with the UK offshore windfarm capacity factors, these capacity factors are calculated by calculating, for each turbine in a given wind farm, the number of hours since it was first connected to the grid. This is then multiplied by its capacity, to give the number of peak-MW-hours. These figures are summed across all turbines in a wind farm, and divided into the total energy generated by that wind farm, to give its capacity factor.
Power yield per unit surface area spanned is only calculated for the larger windfarms: when a windfarm is just a single row of turbines, it doesn't have a well-defined surface area spanned. These yield figures represent 90% of the installed capacity.
Sources
ENS register of Danish wind turbines: thanks to ENS and to Energinet.DK for making the turbine-specific data behind this table available. This post gets updated as new data becomes available.
Untitled a guest Jun 18th, 2017 1,679 Never a guest1,679Never
Not a member of Pastebin yet? Sign Up , it unlocks many cool features!
rawdownloadcloneembedreportprint text 6.09 KB h god mx gjVim master raqcehhhhk'lk';lk';lkjjlkjkjlkjkjlkj;klj;ljk;jkkl;kjlkj jl;kj 7jja j;lk j;lkjlkjlkjlkj;lkj;lkjlkjkjlkj reysjkllkjljlkertyertyertyertyertyertyeryteryrtydfghdfghdfghdfghdfghdfghdfghdfghdfghdfghfghfghghjkghjkghjkgjj/j//j//j/g/hjkghjkghjkghjkghkjghjkghkjghjkghjkghjkghjkgkhjhjkhjkjkhjkhhjkhjkhjkhjkhjkhjkj]\]]]]]]]]]]]]]]]pppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppo ppppdsaasdasaasdas +++++++ wawsadasasdadsasdasdasdsI The fox jumps over the quick brown dog The quick brown fox dumps over the lazy dog.00.00.0011 ''jlkklkjkjjklllkjl\\\ewtv534 5v55wtvryvsbvcbvfhdfhdgfhlksjfasflkjasdljkfklasdfjkldzcxcxcxxczczxmmmiik jlijlkjlkjlkjmmmmmiikmikasdfasdfasfaokjasdfjka;sdfajkdlfjs ad ;sasjdkf; asdjkfhhhasdfjka;hgMAye is you can't The battery is kind of broken OH well THe quick brown fox jumnped over yhe lazy dog THe quick brown fox jumped over the lazy dog Rubbreh Dome First time I've eer heard about it What subreddits do you hang out then? I don't know, r/dragonsfuckingcars? Yeah dude, it's pictures of dragons fucking cars ppppppppppPAPs ppif pshe w entto pPeru Can'ts (defn fib [it x]s em to stop (defn fib [x] (+ (fib (- 1 x) (- 2 x)))) dwasadwadwddqdwa +++++wwqqqweewqewww++++++ ] [ [[ [] [ []pop[opo cxxxxzxczcdsfddddsdfsddiiiiiiiii'j;lkj;kljdg cgggggggggasdfasdfsadfsdfdsfasdfasdffasdthe aasddfflajsasdfljkasdjljaasljdfasaljasdfaas1234 asdfjlaskajsdf;lkj;lkj;lkj;lkj;lkj;lkj ;lkj j;lkgjgjkhgjhgjhgjghjkgjkhgjkhjkhgjhgjjhkgjhghjhjgfhgfjhgjhjhg BLUE ALPS!!!jja;flkdjthadlkjf ;lknvbThe quick brown fox jumped over the z\lazy dogi;amn,vczm,nzcvx4654654654654554258258j ;lkj gggggggggggfffffj;lkj ;lk;lkj;lkjlkjgfdgfdgfdffmobibklbjkliffdgfdgfdgfdgfdgfdgfdgfdgfdj;kjlkljg f asdf asdf asdf asdf adf This is a test to see what this is like This is a test to see waht sld jldfjdk sdfjdkdkhello howfffffffffffffffffffffffllllllllfffffffffff;jjjjjjhello how are you ,k,,,,l;;;jjjj are so heavyttyuyyyuyttttyuusdffdsjlkjlkjlkjlkjlkjlkjlkju'[[[[[-;pi kjhyuimnbfghttxxxyyyttt k as ff asdf sadf asdf fasdf asdf asdf asdf asdf asdf asdf asdf sadf sadf asdf asdf asdfint main(int argc, const **argv) { return 0; } + ++ + ++ +j;jklkljkjkl int main(int argc const **argv) { return 0; } jlkjkjlkjlkjlkjkkkkkkj;lkj ;lkj ;kj lkjlkjlkjlkjlkjllllkjkjkj------------****']']']'';[oko[.pk,_|GASDsswqwe 654654654 ++ ++ iluoiuoiuoiu jjjjjjj ;lkj ;lkjllllkkkjl;j l;kjjhlkj ijij;lkjkklkjlkjk;jlkj ;lkj;lkj;lkj ;lkjkjlkjlkjlkjlkjlkjljlkjlkjj;kj lkjlkjlkjlkj963336963963999999969693693693 ;;;lkkjkll;jkljl;jkjj;ljkl;lkljl; kikikewqwqewqwwqewqwqewqewqewqewqewqwqwq lkj;lkjjljkl4443434555powooowpasdkkjkpoqkwooosasknmmnm,khopowooaspowoooasopkwooooaspodkwllskdwkwoaslzx,madkwaposd;aasdfsdfsdfsdfsdfsfggffffsdffddsasdfsdfsdfsdfsdfasdf12341234;lkjjlkj;jlkjlk;jkl;lkjikikiki69639 iolkj kkkkkkkk jj;ljl;kj;lklkjlkkjlk;koiupuoppopoiuoiuoiuioiioiiqwwqeqweqweq]weqw.]eq.].as]d.sa.]a..]ds.]as.d.asd.as.d.sa.d.sa.d. 46546546546546549879879879879798787987987987987987987987987987979879879879879879879888989879879798787987j;lkj ;klj l// ++ ` ` vbnpppppt5tthyyyhlolololkkkkiijjjuuh;jl;j l;kjl;kjkj;lkj l;kj;lkjoiypuyphlkjlj 7j9piyojll;kj;lkhl;ho;iupohiypoij.m.knl;kjkkjl;j nijl;kjh;klj;lkj 7oiyiu;lkj ;lkjk;j;lkj kj ;lkj ;lkjy0iuyouyoiuoiuyoiuyoiuyuyiuyi uyh h hhhhhhh ]]]wasd;;;; ;lkj ;lkj;lkjkjlkjlk rrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr4rreeeeeeeeeeeeeeedddgd .l.mjljfdfhjrfyughhighihihkhjkghggugguvguvguvggugu58285285285255555285285285285285285285285285285285282852852852852o,ol,ol,ol,ola df asdf asdf af sssd adf sdf ddd drrwerwerertrtrttty whee greens are really nice. NNot sure how I geelabout blanks tho... .... 003300222222202///.,pppookpokopkoqwwwweeeeeewwwwqqwewqewqwwweeasdaasdazxcxxxxxxcczxczasdappppppppppppppoooppokpkopokpo [;[[][pqqqwqeerssdfesfesf0uuuiiiiiiij;lkjlkjlkjasdfffdeesefsfdzxczxcasdasdasdrubbreh domehtjksdklasTHis is a hello how are you topre testThis is a test to see what this keyboard feels like.- +I rather like it because it is really really nice and cool jjjj test to see what htis feels likd fk'a;slfsadjf;ldkjdkdk *9 wrtr;;;'wadwwwwwwwwwdddrafwyyyyyyyyyyyyyasdwadadadaddasasdadsdhbvnhvg nbhgv nbgmcv fffffdffjjvvvvvvvcvcvcxxxxxgggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbb gdgssfzgWYGzzzstgjgmghgjjhkjhjkhhjkjhjhjhfgghfgsddsdsdsxmvmcxmmxmvcxvmcxvcxmvcxmddfsmfdscxzdfswqmtrek65432mewq 2dsanvcxXZhkmjgtnvbvhgJikloslsnxzkxnbxzhcxzcxuyzcxydsahewqhnewqvb213b32h1321u321\1 \\Zyuvuyvuytvhuuvhhvuhvu 3huv448888888888888888888888888888888888**********8888888888888888888888888888888888888888888888888888888888888888888888888888888888888888888888888888888888888888888888888884zesrdxygcygcuhvch z vhfdsdsahewqlewq43243 ///,, jvjut6urfyyhftydwugf vuyjj vbcgh vb65r7tfuhjdawswasdmax maziessdagfsdgfdghdfdsgdfgdfsgdfgfdsghgfjgfdhgffdf hfdfgyrt436t43643uretudfthgdfzxz cxzvxcvfdsgfdg54yt 4321321432q q erdgsfdgbvfwdxp'[ ;tbxsfdgsdfgew4rdsfdfgfdgfdgmax mazie v max mazie kathrin mybh78 ynnnnnnnn -0 -0 ,e eeqsadfy nb, fasdfffeffsaffthe tha ir sle a;slktja;lsdfkj ieksf asdf, k;lkji ---0098uyjhjhyhgbgf 4re hv bv6exd4 b5r6dcbye bye!! *____* 6+56+5+++++sass666666666666666aa66666zzzz666666666666666666aaaaaaaaaassssssasasdasdadadasdasdadsada66666666666666666aaa66aa6666666sdfsdfdsfsdfSFSFDSDFsdffdfdsllllll;;;;;;;;;;;;''''lllll aaassdfgrubbrehdf dfomdehfdffghkjlk,nxqwer int argc, hhjvn dh 6565656565656565654d654d65465f465j4kl654jlk4fjl654j65454ghjghjgkkhlg45645654m465v465m6654,654b654,454545544554sd45f ..............................klajhjdflkajshdf ddddsdjjjsss;;;;;;l,; 45d4554fj4554gjjgh654654h654654564kgkdf;lgksssssschar *argvp[]) { return 0; }
RAW Paste Data
h god mx gjVim master raqcehhhhk'lk';lk';lkjjlkjkjlkjkjlkj;klj;ljk;jkkl;kjlkj jl;kj 7jja j;lk j;lkjlkjlkjlkj;lkj;lkjlkjkjlkj reysjkllkjljlkertyertyertyertyertyertyeryteryrtydfghdfghdfghdfghdfghdfghdfghdfghdfghdfghfghfghghjkghjkghjkgjj/j//j//j/g/hjkghjkghjkghjkghkjghjkghkjghjkghjkghjkghjkgkhjhjkhjkjkhjkhhjkhjkhjkhjkhjkhjkj]\]]]]]]]]]]]]]]]pppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppo ppppdsaasdasaasdas +++++++ wawsadasasdadsasdasdasdsI The fox jumps over the quick brown dog The quick brown fox dumps over the lazy dog.00.00.0011 ''jlkklkjkjjklllkjl\\\ewtv534 5v55wtvryvsbvcbvfhdfhdgfhlksjfasflkjasdljkfklasdfjkldzcxcxcxxczczxmmmiik jlijlkjlkjlkjmmmmmiikmikasdfasdfasfaokjasdfjka;sdfajkdlfjs ad ;sasjdkf; asdjkfhhhasdfjka;hgMAye is you can't The battery is kind of broken OH well THe quick brown fox jumnped over yhe lazy dog THe quick brown fox jumped over the lazy dog Rubbreh Dome First time I've eer heard about it What subreddits do you hang out then? I don't know, r/dragonsfuckingcars? Yeah dude, it's pictures of dragons fucking cars ppppppppppPAPs ppif pshe w entto pPeru Can'ts (defn fib [it x]s em to stop (defn fib [x] (+ (fib (- 1 x) (- 2 x)))) dwasadwadwddqdwa +++++wwqqqweewqewww++++++ ] [ [[ [] [ []pop[opo cxxxxzxczcdsfddddsdfsddiiiiiiiii'j;lkj;kljdg cgggggggggasdfasdfsadfsdfdsfasdfasdffasdthe aasddfflajsasdfljkasdjljaasljdfasaljasdfaas1234 asdfjlaskajsdf;lkj;lkj;lkj;lkj;lkj;lkj ;lkj j;lkgjgjkhgjhgjhgjghjkgjkhgjkhjkhgjhgjjhkgjhghjhjgfhgfjhgjhjhg BLUE ALPS!!!jja;flkdjthadlkjf ;lknvbThe quick brown fox jumped over the z\lazy dogi;amn,vczm,nzcvx4654654654654554258258j ;lkj gggggggggggfffffj;lkj ;lk;lkj;lkjlkjgfdgfdgfdffmobibklbjkliffdgfdgfdgfdgfdgfdgfdgfdgfdj;kjlkljg f asdf asdf asdf asdf adf This is a test to see what this is like This is a test to see waht sld jldfjdk sdfjdkdkhello howfffffffffffffffffffffffllllllllfffffffffff;jjjjjjhello how are you ,k,,,,l;;;jjjj are so heavyttyuyyyuyttttyuusdffdsjlkjlkjlkjlkjlkjlkjlkju'[[[[[-;pi kjhyuimnbfghttxxxyyyttt k as ff asdf sadf asdf fasdf asdf asdf asdf asdf asdf asdf asdf sadf sadf asdf asdf asdfint main(int argc, const **argv) { return 0; } + ++ + ++ +j;jklkljkjkl int main(int argc const **argv) { return 0; } jlkjkjlkjlkjlkjkkkkkkj;lkj ;lkj ;kj lkjlkjlkjlkjlkjllllkjkjkj------------****']']']'';[oko[.pk,_|GASDsswqwe 654654654 ++ ++ iluoiuoiuoiu jjjjjjj ;lkj ;lkjllllkkkjl;j l;kjjhlkj ijij;lkjkklkjlkjk;jlkj ;lkj;lkj;lkj ;lkjkjlkjlkjlkjlkjlkjljlkjlkjj;kj lkjlkjlkjlkj963336963963999999969693693693 ;;;lkkjkll;jkljl;jkjj;ljkl;lkljl; kikikewqwqewqwwqewqwqewqewqewqewqewqwqwq lkj;lkjjljkl4443434555powooowpasdkkjkpoqkwooosasknmmnm,khopowooaspowoooasopkwooooaspodkwllskdwkwoaslzx,madkwaposd;aasdfsdfsdfsdfsdfsfggffffsdffddsasdfsdfsdfsdfsdfasdf12341234;lkjjlkj;jlkjlk;jkl;lkjikikiki69639 iolkj kkkkkkkk jj;ljl;kj;lklkjlkkjlk;koiupuoppopoiuoiuoiuioiioiiqwwqeqweqweq]weqw.]eq.].as]d.sa.]a..]ds.]as.d.asd.as.d.sa.d.sa.d. 46546546546546549879879879879798787987987987987987987987987987979879879879879879879888989879879798787987j;lkj ;klj l// ++ ` ` vbnpppppt5tthyyyhlolololkkkkiijjjuuh;jl;j l;kjl;kjkj;lkj l;kj;lkjoiypuyphlkjlj 7j9piyojll;kj;lkhl;ho;iupohiypoij.m.knl;kjkkjl;j nijl;kjh;klj;lkj 7oiyiu;lkj ;lkjk;j;lkj kj ;lkj ;lkjy0iuyouyoiuoiuyoiuyoiuyuyiuyi uyh h hhhhhhh ]]]wasd;;;; ;lkj ;lkj;lkjkjlkjlk rrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr4rreeeeeeeeeeeeeeedddgd .l.mjljfdfhjrfyughhighihihkhjkghggugguvguvguvggugu58285285285255555285285285285285285285285285285285282852852852852o,ol,ol,ol,ola df asdf asdf af sssd adf sdf ddd drrwerwerertrtrttty whee greens are really nice. NNot sure how I geelabout blanks tho... .... 003300222222202///.,pppookpokopkoqwwwweeeeeewwwwqqwewqewqwwweeasdaasdazxcxxxxxxcczxczasdappppppppppppppoooppokpkopokpo [;[[][pqqqwqeerssdfesfesf0uuuiiiiiiij;lkjlkjlkjasdfffdeesefsfdzxczxcasdasdasdrubbreh domehtjksdklasTHis is a hello how are you topre testThis is a test to see what this keyboard feels like.- +I rather like it because it is really really nice and cool jjjj test to see what htis feels likd fk'a;slfsadjf;ldkjdkdk *9 wrtr;;;'wadwwwwwwwwwdddrafwyyyyyyyyyyyyyasdwadadadaddasasdadsdhbvnhvg nbhgv nbgmcv fffffdffjjvvvvvvvcvcvcxxxxxgggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbb gdgssfzgWYGzzzstgjgmghgjjhkjhjkhhjkjhjhjhfgghfgsddsdsdsxmvmcxmmxmvcxvmcxvcxmvcxmddfsmfdscxzdfswqmtrek65432mewq 2dsanvcxXZhkmjgtnvbvhgJikloslsnxzkxnbxzhcxzcxuyzcxydsahewqhnewqvb213b32h1321u321\1 \\Zyuvuyvuytvhuuvhhvuhvu 3huv448888888888888888888888888888888888**********8888888888888888888888888888888888888888888888888888888888888888888888888888888888888888888888888888888888888888888888888884zesrdxygcygcuhvch z vhfdsdsahewqlewq43243 ///,, jvjut6urfyyhftydwugf vuyjj vbcgh vb65r7tfuhjdawswasdmax maziessdagfsdgfdghdfdsgdfgdfsgdfgfdsghgfjgfdhgffdf hfdfgyrt436t43643uretudfthgdfzxz cxzvxcvfdsgfdg54yt 4321321432q q erdgsfdgbvfwdxp'[ ;tbxsfdgsdfgew4rdsfdfgfdgfdgmax mazie v max mazie kathrin mybh78 ynnnnnnnn -0 -0 ,e eeqsadfy nb, fasdfffeffsaffthe tha ir sle a;slktja;lsdfkj ieksf asdf, k;lkji ---0098uyjhjhyhgbgf 4re hv bv6exd4 b5r6dcbye bye!! *____* 6+56+5+++++sass666666666666666aa66666zzzz666666666666666666aaaaaaaaaassssssasasdasdadadasdasdadsada66666666666666666aaa66aa6666666sdfsdfdsfsdfSFSFDSDFsdffdfdsllllll;;;;;;;;;;;;''''lllll aaassdfgrubbrehdf dfomdehfdffghkjlk,nxqwer int argc, hhjvn dh 6565656565656565654d654d65465f465j4kl654jlk4fjl654j65454ghjghjgkkhlg45645654m465v465m6654,654b654,454545544554sd45f ..............................klajhjdflkajshdf ddddsdjjjsss;;;;;;l,; 45d4554fj4554gjjgh654654h654654564kgkdf;lgksssssschar *argvp[]) { return 0; }
Olympic Level Ridiculousness: You Can't Link To The Olympics Website If You Say Something Mean About Them
from the watch-me dept
Links to the Site. You may create your own link to the Site, provided that your link is in a text-only format. You may not use any link to the Site as a method of creating an unauthorised association between an organisation, business, goods or services and London 2012, and agree that no such link shall portray us or any other official London 2012 organisations (or our or their activities, products or services) in a false, misleading, derogatory or otherwise objectionable manner. The use of our logo or any other Olympic or London 2012 Mark(s) as a link to the Site is not permitted. View our guidelines on Use of the Games' Marks.
For years, we've highlighted the overaggressive nature of the Olympics in over-protecting their intellectual property -- even to the level of getting host countries to pass special IP laws that only apply to the Olympics. But this sense of ultimate entitlement seems to pervade everything that the Olympics does. It was recently noted that the terms of use for the London 2012 website include a restriction on how you can link to the site There are other insane statements in the terms, including that you automatically agree to be "legally bound" by the terms simply by using the site. That's not how a contract works, guys.Either way, this claim that you can't link to their site in a "derogatory or otherwise objectionable manner" has inspired the creativity of the internet, it appears. Specifically, lots of folks have taken to Twitter to share their own derogatory or otherwise objectionable statements along with links to the website. Asher Wolf and Meredith Patterson have done a really nice job curating some of the insults that are currently raining down on the Olympics for their linking policy. We've included a couple of screenshots (below the fold).I recognize that there are some other sites who have used this kind of language in the past, and that some overcharging lawyer was probably just trying to set up a "cover their ass" policy for the Olympics, but it's amazing that any competent individual lets those kinds of things out into the world these days without realizing that it's clearly going to create the exact opposite incentives.And, hell, just for fun, check out this link to an obnoxious organization that loves censorship and doesn't respect free speech . And I say that in a derogatory and objectionable manner.
Filed Under: censorship, london 2012, olympics, terms of use, uk
CLOSE The Army will now allow recruits with a history of some mental health conditions to seek waivers to join the service. Here's why this is happening now. USA TODAY
In this file photo, US soldiers stand at attention during a ceremony at Bagram air base. (Photo11: Shah Marai, AFP/Getty Images)
WASHINGTON – People with a history of “self-mutilation,” bipolar disorder, depression and drug and alcohol abuse can now seek waivers to join the Army under an unannounced policy enacted in August, according to documents obtained by USA TODAY.
The decision to open Army recruiting to those with mental health conditions comes as the service faces the challenging goal of recruiting 80,000 new soldiers through September 2018. To meet last year's goal of 69,000, the Army accepted more recruits who fared poorly on aptitude tests, increased the number of waivers granted for marijuana use and offered hundreds of millions of dollars in bonuses.
Expanding the waivers for mental health is possible in part because the Army now has access to more medical information about each potential recruit, Lt. Col. Randy Taylor, an Army spokesman, said in a statement. The Army issued the ban on waivers in 2009 amid an epidemic of suicides among troops.
“The decision was primarily due to the increased availability of medical records and other data which is now more readily available,” Taylor's statement to USA TODAY said. “These records allow Army officials to better document applicant medical histories.”
But accepting recruits with those mental health conditions in their past carries risks, according to Elspeth Ritchie, a psychiatrist who retired from the Army as a colonel in 2010 and is an expert on waivers for military service. People with a history of mental health problems are more likely to have those issues resurface than those who do not, she said.
“It is a red flag,” she said. “The question is, how much of a red flag is it?”
While bipolar disorder can be kept under control with medication, self-mutilation — where people slashing their skin with sharp instruments — may signal deeper mental health issues, according to the Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Health Disorders, which is published by the American Psychiatric Association.
If self-mutilation occurs in a military setting, Ritchie said, it could be disruptive for a unit. A soldier slashing his or her own skin could result in blood on the floor, the assumption of a suicide attempt and the potential need for medical evacuation from a war zone or other austere place.
A legacy of problems
Accepting recruits with poor qualifications can cause problems. In 2006, for example, an Iraqi girl was raped and her family killed by U.S. soldiers, one of whom required waivers for minor criminal activity and poor educational background to join the Army.
Memos and documents obtained by USA TODAY outline the hurdles that a potential recruit must clear to join the Army.
Self-mutilation scars. (Photo11: EILEEN BLASS, USA TODAY)
Guidance for screening potential recruits with histories that include self-mutilation make clear that the applicant must provide “appropriate documentation” to obtain the waiver, according a September memo to commanders. Those requirements include a detailed statement from the applicant, medical records, evidence from an employer if the injury was job-related, photos submitted by the recruiter and a psychiatric evaluation and “clearance.”
Slides for military officials who screen recruits show examples of people whose arms, legs and torsos have been scarred by self-mutilation.
"For all waivers," one memo states, "the burden of proof is on the applicant to provide a clear and meritorious case for why a waiver should be considered."
Taylor said many “meritorious cases” had been found of highly qualified applicants who had been disqualified because of events that had occurred when they were young children.
“With the additional data available, Army officials can now consider applicants as a whole person, allowing a series of Army leaders and medical professionals to review the case fully to assess the applicant's physical limitations or medical conditions and their possible impact upon the applicant's ability to complete training and finish an Army career,” Taylor said. “These waivers are not considered lightly.”
Under the right circumstances, a waiver for self-mutilation could be appropriate, Ritchie said.
“I can see a rationale that that shouldn't be an absolute but could be a waiver,” she said.
Unknown number of waivers
The Army did not respond to a question of how many waivers, if any, have been issued since the policy was changed.
Data reported by USA TODAY in October show how the Army met its recruiting goals by accepting more marginally qualified recruits.
In fiscal year 2017, the active-duty Army recruited nearly 69,000 soldiers, and only 1.9% belonged to what is known as Category Four. That refers to troops who score in the lowest category on military aptitude tests. In 2016, 0.6% of Army recruits came from Category Four. The Pentagon mandates that the services accept no more than 4% of recruiting classes from Category Four. In addition, waivers for marijuana use, illegal while in uniform, jumped from 191 in 2016 to 506 in 2017. Eight states have legalized recreational use of marijuana.
Recruiting generally is more challenging for the services when the economy is strong. The Army has responded by offering more bonuses to those who sign up for service. In fiscal year 2017, it paid out $424 million in bonuses, up from $284 million in 2016. In 2014, that figure was only $8.2 million. Some recruits can qualify for a bonus of $40,000.
The Army's decision to rescind the ban for a history of mental health problems is in part a reaction to its difficulties in recruiting, Ritchie said.
"You're widening your pool of applicants," she said.
More: Army is accepting more low-quality recruits, giving waivers for marijuana to hit targets
More: Army to spend $300 million on bonuses and ads to get 6,000 more recruits
More: Army hits target for recruits
Read or Share this story: https://usat.ly/2ABpbzD
Khalid Sheik Mohammed, the alleged mastermind of the Sept. 11, 2001, attacks, confessed at a Guantanamo Bay military hearing that he planned and funded that al-Qaeda operation and said he was involved in more than two dozen other terrorist acts around the world, according to documents released by the Pentagon yesterday.
In a rambling statement delivered Saturday to a closed-door military tribunal, Mohammed declared himself an enemy of the United States and claimed some responsibility for many of the major terrorist attacks on U.S. and allied targets over more than a decade. He said that he is at war with the United States and that the deaths of innocent people are an unfortunate consequence of that conflict.
"I was responsible for the 9/11 operation, from A to Z," Mohammed told a panel of military officers through a personal representative, who read off a list of 31 terrorist acts that were either carried out or planned but not executed. According to transcripts released by Defense Department officials last night, Mohammed later spoke in broken English and Arabic, saying, "For sure, I'm American enemies."
Mohammed took responsibility for the attacks on New York and Washington in an interrogation detailed in the Sept. 11 commission's report. But his appearance before the tribunal at Guantanamo Bay marked the first time since his March 2003 arrest that he was allowed to make an extended statement that was not delivered to interrogators.
His capture was followed by years of detention in secret CIA facilities, where he was held without any contact with the outside world.
The Pentagon released the transcript last night along with similar records from two other hearings for alleged terrorists. They were among a group of 14 high-value detainees transferred to Guantanamo Bay from CIA custody last September on orders from President Bush. Each detainee is entitled to such a review to determine whether he is an enemy combatant and whether he should remain in U.S. custody. The hearings may be a prelude to possible charges and, ultimately, military trials.
Mohammed presented evidence, in the form of a written statement, in which he appears to allege abuse. The tribunal president told Mohammed he had received the statement "regarding certain treatment that you claim to have received" before arriving at Guantanamo Bay.
The tribunal president also asked whether any statements he made under interrogation were "as the result of any of the treatment." Mohammed answered: "CIA peoples. Yes. At the beginning when they transferred me . . ." The rest of the sentence is redacted from the transcript.
The other hearings were for Abu Faraj al-Libi, who did not appear at his hearing, and Ramzi Binalshibh, who allegedly played a direct role in the Sept. 11 attacks. He also did not participate in the hearing.
Mohammed described himself as Osama bin Laden's operational director for the Sept. 11 attacks and as al-Qaeda's military operational commander for "all foreign operations around the world."
He claimed to have been "responsible" for the 1993 attack on the World Trade Center, Richard Reid's attempt to ignite a shoe bomb on an airliner over the Atlantic Ocean in December 2001, and the October 2002 bombing of a nightclub in Bali, Indonesia.
Mohammed also said he plotted to assassinate several former presidents, including Jimmy Carter, a scheme not previously revealed.
Yes, that's right. Call off work, become alone, block out all sunlight, and inhale very hard, because it is that special time of the year when the radiator lets out its private stink. Wonderful!
Throw your computer and family into the yard to get rid of distractions. The smell is here!
Advertisement
Belt up your pants and comb your hair! Don your biggest tuxedo! You want to be looking your best when the radiator smell comes to fill your nose and face.
Advertisement
Flap your hands excitedly for the beautiful stink!
Advertisement
Mmm-mmmmm. What a lovely aroma your radiator has made! Bring your face close to the metal grates and feel the hot, gassy air hurt your nostrils and scorch your eyes in the way you love so much.
Advertisement
The radiator smell reminds you of so many cherished childhood memories, such as the smell of your grandfather's windbreaker melting as he stood too close to the grill and caught fire.
Advertisement
Once you get one whiff of the smell, you cannot stop sniffing it!
Advertisement
Draw near to this tiny pipe organ of fire and breathe of it until you are fevered and screwy!
Advertisement
In some cultures, the radiator smell is a sign of good fortune, and when you smell it you are supposed to make a wish upon a valuable coin. How foolish!
Advertisement
Raise the heat so that it's 120 degrees in your house. That way, the smell will just keep coming and coming and coming. Yes, please!
Advertisement
When the radiator is making its smell, you know that Christmas could happen at any time.
Advertisement
Rattle-rattle, clang-clang! The radiator makes a loud sound to attract toddlers and elderly people who might not know to come close and partake in the marvelous stink!
Advertisement
No! This has no place here. It is radiator season.
Advertisement
How can one not be content when sitting on the floor next to the radiator, inhaling the hot smell and hearing the faint, suction-cup-like noise of one's bone-dry eyelids attempting to blink? It is the ultimate luxury!
Advertisement
As Christians know, God is as fair as he is strong, and he gives us radiator smell every year as a way to say sorry for making weather cold and killing all the stray dogs. So you see, the smell you are smelling is indeed the smell of heaven.
Advertisement
God is our king.
Advertisement
Ladies and gentlemen, would you like to know a terrific fact? Okay, here it is: The smell of the radiator would be a nice thing to smell when you are dying!
Advertisement
Or you can just smell it now and pretend you are dying.
Advertisement
Wow, wow, wow! When you are smelling the smell, it is truly a banquet for your face. How about it? Everybody, give it up for the radiator and its fabulous smell!
One of the disturbing things about Sydney's much needed second airport at Badgerys Creek is the unwillingness of the major parties to do anything to break the monopoly pricing situation that would arise if it becomes owned by the same interests as the existing airport. Last week in the Senate Nick Xenophon, the independent Senator […]
One of the disturbing things about Sydney's much needed second airport at Badgerys Creek is the unwillingness of the major parties to do anything to break the monopoly pricing situation that would arise if it becomes owned by the same interests as the existing airport.
Last week in the Senate Nick Xenophon, the independent Senator for South Australia, refused to be a part of that in no uncertain terms.
He not only spoke about the damage that would be done to the Sydney economy by having both of its major airports controlled by the same interests, but, under privilege, drew attention to claims that the owners of Sydney Airport have paid no tax on an enterprise which has not only abused its pricing power but delivered over $1 billion in ‘fees' to advisers and financiers.
Given the benefits of privilege being applied to matter the opposition seems incapable of dealing with, and that the coalition government prefers not to address while trying to screw ordinary working people (or voters) . there is below in italics an extract from the Hansard of Senator Xeonphon's ignored speech on the second reading of a bill to facilitate the new airport.
Sydney Airport Corporation has the right of first refusal to develop and manage the new airport. This option was part of the original privatisation deal that saw the airport sold for $5.6 billion by the Howard government in 2002. The privatisation of Sydney Airport, creating a monopoly out of our largest and oldest airport, has been a disaster for Sydney and the nation. Now we are considering a bill that makes arrangements to possibly extend that monopoly to the new airport, cementing high costs of services for the travelling public for decades to come. Many formally state owned enterprises have been privatised since the 1980s and sometimes not with a good result for the public—from the Commonwealth Bank to Telstra to electricity grids; and, in my home state of South Australia, the state government is crazily trying to privatise the Motor Accident Commission—but the privatisation of Sydney Airport has to take the cake as the craziest of all. It was not inevitable. The federal government did not have to privatise the airport and it did not have to include a first right of refusal for any second airport within 100 kilometres of Mascot, guaranteeing not only a monopoly now but a monopoly into the future if that is what the new owners want.
Back in 2002 it was thought to be a high price but, 13 years on, it is clear that Macquarie Bank got Australia's largest and oldest airport for a bargain. But it has gained a reputation for providing overpriced low levels of service, as a private monopoly, for those who have to use the airport. Sydney Airport Corporation pretty much charged what it liked for its services, including to the airlines and the travelling public, via landing and car-parking fees. Mr Acting Deputy President Sterle, you know—through chairing regional and rural affairs and transport committee inquiries—that landing fees for Qantas, for Australian airlines, are exponentially higher than they are for comparable overseas airports. It is a rip-off.
The ACCC is on the record as being concerned at the privileged place Sydney Airport Corporation has in extending its monopoly. Each year the ACCC looks at the prices set by airports and has found Sydney Airport to have the most exorbitant parking rates of any airport in Australia. In fact, it is way up there on an international level. For example, it costs drivers $32 for three hours or $135 for seven days in the longer-term carpark. These charges have generated a revenue of $120 million in the last reporting year—up 4.9 per cent, in margin, on the previous year. Why do they do it? It is because they can get away with it, as a monopoly. They will do it again at Badgerys Creek if they decide to take up the option to develop, which I suspect they will.
The issue of landing and parking fees for airlines has also been a sore point in Sydney. No one could accuse me of being mates with Qantas CEO Alan Joyce—and he cannot do anything about this; I even got a lawyer's letter from him over something I said about him, but we sorted that one out—but he is on the record as saying that Australian airports could charge fees for oxygen if they could and that Sydney Airport had amongst the highest charges. On this issue, I agree with Mr Joyce in his advocacy. He is absolutely right. He is speaking not just for his company but for all Australian airlines that want a fair go and for consumers who are being ripped off.
It does not end there. Credible reports from Michael West and Fairfax Media show that Sydney Airport Corporation pays little or no tax to the federal government. According to Mr West—a very experienced business journalist—Sydney Airport did not pay any tax in its first 10 years but has delivered more than $1 billion in fees to advisers and financiers. Because it is a monopoly, it can afford to carry huge debts and it claims interest on that debt as a tax deduction. That effectively cancels out any profits. The real profits are soaked up in hundreds of millions of dollars in fees to its bankers and financiers, each year. It is a nice little earner.
This monopoly privatised corporate entity generates about $700 million in financing costs soaked up on Macquarie Bank clients, bankers, advisers and security holders. To quote Rupert Murdoch, ‘A monopoly is a terrible thing unless you happen to own one.' No wonder the ACCC has openly questioned why Sydney Airport received a first right of refusal to operate a second Sydney airport. In its 2013 airport updates the ACCC said that separate owners of the two Sydney airports would encourage lower prices and increase capacity and quality for customers. But that is not to be. The ACCC report said:
Unfortunately, in this case short term budgetary considerations have served to undermine the competitive framework that delivers improved services and lower prices within a market economy.
Who will pay, in the long run, for this undermining of competition? It will be the people of Australia, particularly the hapless passengers who have to travel through Sydney Airport and get ripped off, day in and day out. Those who must travel through its airport include many from my home state of South Australia who catch connecting flights, particularly to the United States and across the Pacific.
It has not been that long since the privatisation—just 13 years. In that time Sydney Airport has had three CEOs, but its first, Max Moore-Wilton, is now the chair of Sydney Airport Holdings, which owns 84 per cent of Sydney Airport. He has come a long way since those days, before the privatisation, when he was secretary of the Department of Prime Minister and Cabinet. He left to take up the helm of Sydney Airport Corporation just months later. He now has the unprecedented opportunity to create a privately owned multisite airport monopoly in Sydney.
Sydney Airport might not be the only private company that charges like a wounded bull and structures itself to pay as little tax as possible, but it is Australian and was created by our federal government. The privatisation of Sydney Airport has been a disaster, and that disaster is set to continue if Sydney Airport Corporation decides to take up its option to develop and operate Sydney's second airport. We will rue the day, if that happens.
A countervailing view was given by coalition Senator David Fawcett, which can be seen on YouTube here.
Senator Fawcett's point that the owners of Sydney Airport and other major gateway airports that were privatised by the Howard government have in fact invested well in improving the passenger experience is a reasonable one, unless you are an airline shareholder or a passenger who pays for his or her own parking. Which on reflection, might seem like a lot of voters too.
He also made some critical observations as to how private or local government ownership of regional airports isn't working as hoped for, leaving many of them struggling to raise the funds to provide essential aviation services including fire fighting at various locations.
We might conclude from this that he is not in favor of a hard nosed approach that could be summarised as ‘Let them burn.' The issue of upkeep and safety at regional airports is unlikely to ever capture political will in this country until there is a very ugly incident, when their will be a stampede of concerned platitudes from hypocrites on both sides of parliament.
(Visited 30 times, 1 visits today)
You want gender equality, feminists? You got it. Top military officials are in full agreement that women should now have to register for selective service.
The Washington Post reports:
Army and Marine Corps chiefs: It's time for women to register for the draft
The top officers in the Army and Marine Corps testified on Tuesday that they believe it is time for women to register for future military drafts, following the Pentagon's recent decision to open all jobs in combat units to female service members.
Gen. Mark A. Milley, chief of staff of the Army, and Gen. Robert B. Neller, the Marine Corps commandant, both said they were in favor of the change during an occasionally contentious Senate Armed Services Committee hearing on the full integration of women in the military. The generals, both infantry officers, offered their opinions in response to a question from Sen. Claire McCaskill (D-Mo.), who said that she also is in favor of the change.
“Senator, I think that all eligible and qualified men and women should register for the draft,” said Milley, echoing the remarks of Neller.
Anyone can have a blog about an NBA team, but some set themselves apart from the rest with the dedication and valuable insight they bring to their craft. We'll be sharing some knowledge from these dialed-in writers on Hoops Rumors with a feature called Top Bloggers. As with The Beat, our ongoing series of interviews with NBA beat writers, it's part of an effort to bring Hoops Rumors readers ever closer to the pulse of the teams they follow. Last time, we spoke about the Warriors with Nate Parham, who is the managing editor of SB Nation's Golden State of Mind. Click here to see the entire Top Bloggers series. Next up is Jake Pavorsky, the managing editor of SB Nation's Liberty Ballers, a Sixers blog. You can follow Jake on Twitter at @JakePavorsky. Click here to check out his stories.
Hoops Rumors: I see that Liberty Ballers is I see that Liberty Ballers is planning a lottery watch party . That sounds like a fun idea that speaks to the unusual position the Sixers have put themselves in. What's it like writing about a team that's so much about the future and so little about the present?
Jake Pavorsky: It can be as weird and challenging as it is entertaining. Obviously, the current results don't really matter at all, so it allows us to have a little more fun with our content then we usually would if the team was good. You can't be serious all the time about a team that might win two games in a month. The Sixers' terribleness also allows us to shift some of our focus on the draft and draft prospects, and people have responded well to that type of content because the team's future is riding on some of these yet-to-be-drafted guys. With all that said, it would be nice for the team to actually be good or show improvement so we don't have to take just about every game with a grain of salt.
Hoops Rumors: Jerry Colangelo seems to have made only a few tweaks so far. Are you surprised by this? What do you think the moves, or lack there of, say about Colangelo's vision for the team?
Jake Pavorsky: I think Colangelo's vision was always going to be shaped in the summer leading up to next season. He's not going to handle another season of mindless losing, and Philadelphia has the cap space and other assets to swing some deals via free agency or trade. I don't really have an idea for what Colangelo wants this roster to look like next year, but my hope is that he signs some quality veteran role players that can help in the short term while focusing on building the core of the team around their draft picks. The last thing I want to see from the Sixers is throwing max contract money to guys like DeMar DeRozan or Harrison Barnes. I think Colangelo's vision was always going to be shaped in the summer leading up to next season. He's not going to handle another season of mindless losing, and Philadelphia has the cap space and other assets to swing some deals via free agency or trade. I don't really have an idea for what Colangelo wants this roster to look like next year, but my hope is that he signs some quality veteran role players that can help in the short term while focusing on building the core of the team around their draft picks. The last thing I want to see from the Sixers is throwing max contract money to guys likeor
Hoops Rumors: The Sixers could have as many as four first-round picks from this year's draft plus Dario Saric and Joel Embiid take the floor for the first time next season. How pivotal do you think the next 12 months are for this rebuilding effort? The Sixers could have as many as four first-round picks from this year's draft plusandtake the floor for the first time next season. How pivotal do you think the next 12 months are for this rebuilding effort?
Jake Pavorsky: I think these next 12 months really determine whether or not these three years of misery were really worth it. Joel Embiid is the one guy who I think can really turn things around for the team, because the superstar talent is absolutely there. I know that's hard to say that about a guy who hasn't played in two years, but people outside of Philadelphia are going to be stunned at how good he is if he ever gets on the floor (which I think he will in October). But once you get Saric here, Embiid playing and your three first-round draft picks from 2016 on the team, that's the core of the team. There's no more waiting games. Now they're gonna have to make it work.
Hoops Rumors: Can Nerlens Noel and Jahlil Okafor successfully coexist on the floor? Canandsuccessfully coexist on the floor?
Jake Pavorsky: I just can't see it. Noel is completely useless as a floor spacer and as a defender out on the perimeter, and if he can do anything, it's block shots and throw down lobs. He's not going to be able to do either if he's on the court with Okafor. Jahlil is a very complicated fit. His iso-heavy tendencies make it hard for Philly to effectively pair him with anybody, and Noel has struggled with him on the floor. You can't put Okafor at the five because he's a horrendous rim protector and can't play the pick-and-roll, so they've tried moving him to the four. He's shown some decent range, but he's struggled with smaller and faster power forwards. I think the best thing for this team to do is find a floor-spacing power forward (possibly Dario Saric) to start with Noel, and then bring Okafor off the bench to feast on bad second-unit bigs.
Hoops Rumors: We recently posed this question to our readers, so we'll ask it of you: Can Ish Smith be the point guard of the future in Philadelphia? We recently posed this question to our readers, so we'll ask it of you: Canbe the point guard of the future in Philadelphia?
Jake Pavorsky: Definitely not. He was good last year and a lot of fun when they first Brett Brown is looking for, and he's a pretty good passer. I might be willing to give him a one- or two-year deal despite T.J. McConnell‘s strong play, but I don't expect Smith to have a big, long-term role with the Sixers. Definitely not. He was good last year and a lot of fun when they first brought him back , but he doesn't have the tools to be a good starting point guard. He's a very mediocre shooter and has been forcing up his own shots a little too much these days. Smith is also a pretty atrocious on-ball defender, getting beat on a consistent basis. What I do like about him is that he gets the Sixers playing at the high tempois looking for, and he's a pretty good passer. I might be willing to give him a one- or two-year deal despite‘s strong play, but I don't expect Smith to have a big, long-term role with the Sixers.
Hoops Rumors: How do you think the NBA should resolve situations like the one that cost the Sixers the rights to JaKarr Sampson when the three-team trade with the Pistons and Rockets How do you think the NBA should resolve situations like the one that cost the Sixers the rights towhen the three-team trade with the Pistons and Rockets fell apart
Initial reports indicated Jacqueline Sutton, of IWPR, took her own life and family was sceptical
The family of a British journalist who was found dead at an airport in Turkey have said they believe no one else was involved in her death.
Jacqueline Sutton, 50, who was the acting Iraq director for the Institute for War and Peace Reporting (IWPR), was found dead at Istanbul's Ataturk airport overnight on October 17-18. She had flown from London to take an onward flight to her base in Erbil in the Kurdish region of Iraq.
Initial reports indicated she had taken her own life, but her family and friends were sceptical. But a statement issued by her family and IWPR said they had reached a preliminary conclusion that she acted alone.
“Based on an extensive review of the information provided by Turkish authorities, the family of Jacky Sutton and IWPR have reached the preliminary conclusion that no other parties were involved in her death,” said the statement.
Sutton's sister, Jenny, added: “The family is satisfied with the investigation undertaken by the Turkish authorities. We were deeply sceptical about initial reports. But based on the evidence we have seen, at this stage we believe that Jacky acted alone.”
IWPR and Sutton's family said they had reached their preliminary conclusion based on comprehensive CCTV footage with no apparent time gaps, still photographs, witness statements, a viewing of the body by her sister and a site visit by IWPR.
The evidence indicated that Sutton was alone and that there was no sign of struggle. She had had two credit cards and a large amount of cash with her, and there was no indication of theft or of any missing belongings.
IWPR said the Turkish authorities had cooperated fully and provided access to the complete dossier of evidence relating to the case, including copies of the CCTV images and all documentation.
IWPR and Sutton's family said they would be seeking a further assessment from an independent investigative expert to confirm the findings once the Turkish investigation was complete.
Sutton had been studying for a PhD at the Centre for Arab and Islamic Studies at the Australian National University.
Immediately after the announcement of her death, the director of the centre, Professor Amin Saikal, said staff at the university were “deeply saddened and shocked by the tragic death of one of its brilliant PhD students”.
• In the UK, the Samaritans can be contacted for free on 116 123. In the US, the National Suicide Prevention Hotline is 1-800-273-8255. In Australia, the crisis support service Lifeline is on 13 11 14. Hotlines in other countries can be found here.
In this episode we're joined by editor-in-chief of Grimdark Magazine Adrian Collins and fantasy author Michael R. Fletcher to discuss the new Kickstarter campaign to back a new anthology from Grimdark Magazine titled Evil is a Matter of Perspective: An Anthology of Antagonists. We discuss what readers can expect from this killer new anthology featuring authors such as R. Scott Bakker, Courtney Schafer, Brian Stavely, and many more! We'll also talk about special editions, stretch goals, as well as an update on the latest from Michael R. Fletcher and a sneak peek of his short story that will be included in the anthology. This is a must-have anthology for all fans of Grimdark, and we highly encourage listeners to share and back this project!
AVAILABLE NOW ON AMAZON!
We're hoping to get a report today from some correspondents on the scene when Scientology's administrative appeal in Frederick County, Maryland is argued in a court of law.
If you've been following along with our coverage, you know that Scientology's property front, Social Betterment Properties International (SBPI), has been trying a creative sidestep past local zoning rules to put a new Narconon drug rehab clinic in that county after it purchased an aging fishing camp named Trout Run for $4.85 million. Scientology had learned that if SBPI could get the fish camp put on the county's list of historic places, then it could get a zoning exception that would allow it to renovate the camp and open it as a rehab.
But Scientology's stealthy plan was uncovered, and the county council heard from opponents who didn't want Scientology's plan to succeed. On June 2, the county council, in a 6-1 vote, turned down the request to put Trout Run on the historic list, saying that it really didn't qualify as a historic place, even if President Herbert Hoover had reportedly once angled there, and the location had stood in for Camp David for some scenes in the television series The West Wing.
Now, Scientology has filed suit, asking for an administrative review of the council's vote. We wrote stories when Scientology filed its argument, the county responded, and then Scientology replied to that response.
The county's position is that its council did nothing improper when it decided that Trout Run is not historic. Scientology's position is that the council ignored evidence that Trout Run was historic because it discriminated against Scientology as a religion.
One of the people who will be in the courtroom of County Circuit Judge William R. Nicklas in Frederick today is researcher Mary McConnell, who gave us a rundown on what might happen. We mentioned in our last story that Scientology filed numerous motions asking Judge Nicklas to strike responses by people, including Mary, who the court considers interested parties in the dispute. She says that she expects the judge will first deal with that request from the church.
After that, she says, Judge Nicklas may permit oral arguments from both sides, but he may also simply rule on the matter based on the pleadings that have already been submitted. Well, that's exciting.
As soon as we hear from our correspondents, we'll let you know what they have to say.
UPDATE: We just had a telephone conversation with Mary McConnell, who gave us some basics on how the hearing went today.
First, the news. Judge Nicklas did hear oral arguments from the two sides today, and gave himself 30 days to render a decision. Mary said she found the hearing to be a lot of fun as Judge Nicklas proved to be knowledgeable about the subject areas in general (including drug rehab) and in the case facts in particular.
Mary said that SBPI's attorneys (SBPI is a subsidiary of the Church of Scientology) tried to convince the judge that this was really a zoning case, but he wasn't having it.
“They kept trying to make this a zoning case, but he was on their game and said he knew it wasn't a zoning matter,” Mary says.
The dispute is really about whether the Frederick County Council acted properly when it voted not to put Trout Run on its list of historic places, even after its own Historic Preservation Commission recommended that it be added.
SBPI tried to convince Judge Nicklas that the council had always, in the past, simply accepted the recommendation of the commission. This was the first time it did not put a place on the historic list after the Commission recommended it. SBPI seemed to imply that the council had an obligation to follow the commission's suggestion.
But Mary says Judge Nicklas resisted that argument. “He's not falling for that,” she told us. “He pointed out that they may follow the recommendation. They argued over the word ‘may'.”
The other side, meanwhile, tried to keep things focused and simple. “The county's attorney was clear: This is a legislative issue, not a zoning one,” Mary said.
We asked Mary how the judge reacted when SBPI's attorney brought up the notion that the Church of Scientology had been discriminated against.
“He totally ignored it,” she said. And perhaps also telling, when SBPI brought up what had been said in public meetings to the council about Scientology invading the county and being a ‘cult,' the judge pointed out more than once that the people who had made those statements were respected members of the community. Oops.
Anyway, it sounds like Judge Nicklas is very clear on what's at stake in this case, and that Scientology's usual tricks didn't confuse matters. But we always hate to guess how a judge is going to decide. We'll just have to find out in the next month.
——————–
Chill EB spreading holiday cheer
Oh, how did we miss this? Our favorite Scientology rapper, Norman “Chill EB” Berry, put out a holiday song for his church friends titled “Santa Homie,” and we're only now finding out about it. We think you'll agree with us that it's a classic of the form. Burl Ives, you got nothing on Chill!
Also, we dig this flier for Chill's appearance this Saturday in Tampa. We sure wish we could go.
——————–
Posted by Tony Ortega on January 4, 2016 at 07:00
E-mail tips and story ideas to tonyo94 AT gmail DOT com or follow us on Twitter. We post behind-the-scenes updates at our Facebook author page. After every new story we send out an alert to our e-mail list and our FB page.
Our book, The Unbreakable Miss Lovely: How the Church of Scientology tried to destroy Paulette Cooper, is on sale at Amazon in paperback and Kindle editions. We've posted photographs of Paulette and scenes from her life at a separate location. Reader Sookie put together a complete index. More information about the book, and our 2015 book tour, can also be found at the book's dedicated page.
Learn about Scientology with our numerous series with experts…
BLOGGING DIANETICS: We read Scientology's founding text cover to cover with the help of L.A. attorney and former church member Vance Woodward
UP THE BRIDGE: Claire Headley and Bruce Hines train us as Scientologists
GETTING OUR ETHICS IN: Jefferson Hawkins explains Scientology's system of justice
SCIENTOLOGY MYTHBUSTING: Historian Jon Atack discusses key Scientology concepts
Other links: The Lisa McPherson story told in real time | The Cathriona White stories | The Leah Remini ‘Knowledge Reports' | Hear audio of a Scientology excommunication | Scientology's little day care of horrors | Whatever happened to Steve Fishman? | Felony charges for Scientology's drug rehab scam | PZ Myers reads L. Ron Hubbard's “A History of Man” | Scientology's Master Spies | Scientology's Private Dancer | The mystery of the richest Scientologist and his wayward sons | Scientology's shocking mistreatment of the mentally ill | The Underground Bunker's Official Theme Song | The Underground Bunker FAQ
Our Guide to Alex Gibney's film ‘Going Clear,' and our pages about its principal figures…
Jason Beghe | Tom DeVocht | Sara Goldberg | Paul Haggis | Mark “Marty” Rathbun | Mike Rinder | Spanky Taylor | Hana Whitfield
President Donald Trump has been in office for only six months, but that hasn't prevented political junkies from speculating about which Democrats may try to oppose him in the 2020 presidential race.
An upcoming scheduled appearance in New Hampshire by U.S. Rep. Maxine Waters of California has already sparked talk that she might run, as Fox News reported Thursday.
But other Democrats – aside from obvious names such as former Vice President Joe Biden – are also drawing attention. Fresh faces being mentioned include Sen. Kamala Harris of California and Rep. Joe Kennedy III of Massachusetts.
Speculation about Harris continues to mount following her recent trip to New York's Hamptons, where she met with Hillary Clinton supporters and major donors.
“She's running for president. Take it to the bank,” one fundraiser told the Hill about 52-year-old Harris. “She's absolutely going to run.”
A recent poll showed that Harris would narrowly defeat Trump if the 2020 election were held today, Breitbart News reported.
The former prosecutor and state attorney general of California gained national attention during recent Senate Intelligence Committee hearings, when her questioning of former FBI Director James Comey and others was interrupted on two occasions – once by Sen. John McCain, R-Ariz., and once by Sen. Richard Burr, R-N.C.
However, Harris quickly dismissed talk of a presidential bid while at a Recode technology conference in May.
“I'm not giving that any consideration. I've got to stay focused,” Harris said.
But, according to Page Six of the New York Post, the senator is scheduled to make another trip to the Hamptons soon, where she will meet with influential Democrats, including Sen. Cory Booker of New Jersey and former Attorney General Eric Holder.
Meanwhile, Kennedy was recently featured in a Town & Country article that dubbed him “The next president.”
The grandson of Robert F. Kennedy is also known for his stand against Trump's promise to repeal and replace ObamaCare, as well as his support for Planned Parenthood.
But just like Harris, the 36-year-old congressman quickly dismisses talk of a run for the White House.
He added that the headline caught him by surprise.
“Furthest thing from my mind,” he said after a rally in Quincy, Massachusetts. “So, no plans on that, thanks very much.”
A Dallas mom facing kidnapping charges has given an interview from jail to try and 'clear the record', saying she did not abduct the two children but thought something was wrong and was trying to help.
Briana Blount was arrested Wednesday after one of her neighbors in McKinney saw her with two kids that were not her own, sensed something was wrong and called police.
The 23-year-old mother-of-one - who has a history of drug problems and admits to using meth - says she found the seven-year-old boy and his four-year-old sister unattended on New Year's Eve at the Garland Road Thrift Store.
She told CBS DFW she decided to take them to her apartment four miles away to call police.
'This is a misunderstanding': Dallas woman Briana Blount gives an interview from Lew Sterrett Justice Center, saying she did not kidnap two children but tried to help them, believing they had been abandoned
Scene: Blount said she found the two kids - aged seven and four - unnattended at the Garland Road Thrift Store in White Rock around 5.30pm on New Years Eve
Safety: Blount said she took the two kids to his apartment complex four miles from the thrift store where her friends were in order to call police
Arrested: Blount has been charged with two counts of kidnapping and assaulting a peace officer and has other outstanding warrants for driving without insurance and without a valid license
'It doesn't look good, but those actions weren't based off of kidnapping,' she said.
'Those actions weren't based off of trying to hurt or trying to take somebody away from anything.
'I legitimately thought something was wrong and I was trying to help.'
However the children's father was in the change room trying on clothes, only to come out and not be able to find his kids.
An employee at the store told the father she saw a white woman leave with the children, who are black.
Blount said she didn't call 911 from the store because she was alone and knew her friends were home at her apartment complex and wanted their help.
'I felt as if I needed to help these kids and keep them safe until I could get them in the hands of the police,' she told CBS.
However her neighbor, April Hobbs, saw the situation differently.
Mom: Blount has a young son named Aiden, who is currently with his father in Michigan
'I legitimately thought something was wrong and I was trying to help': Briana Blount is trying to clear her name
Locked up: The Dallas woman has been accused of kidnapping
She said the children seemed upset and Blount told her she had found them.
'The little girl came and jumped into my arms and was like, 'I'm scared, I'm scared, I don't know where my dad is,' Hobbs told NBC 5.
'Something in my chest said something wasn't right.'
Blount was arrested the children were returned unharmed to their father.
Blount has been charged with two counts of kidnapping and assaulting a peace officer and has other outstanding warrants for driving without insurance and without a valid license.
Blount has a young son, Aiden, who she says is currently with his father in Michigan.
Hyperloop Transportation Technologies may have found a new place to perform trial runs: India.
Top executive at the American research company says they are eager to come to India and begin trials for their high-speed transportation technology in the country. The company, which works on the concept envisioned by billionaire Elon Musk, is currently seeking a nod from the Indian government.
SEE ALSO: India offers land to Elon Musk to test Hyperloop
"The proposal is on Mr. [Nitin] Gadkari's (Minister of Road Transport and Highways of India) table. We are ready,” Bibop G Gresta, chairman and Chief Bibop Officer, Hyperloop Transportation Technologies Inc (HTT), told FactorDaily, adding he recently had talks with Prime Minister Modi and Gadkari.
HTT's sudden interest in India comes months after Gadkari invited the company to India during his U.S. visit in September, also offering a big chunk of land in Pune, a city 118 kilometers away from Mumbai.
India could use high-speed trains in its cities. In September, Gadkari had noted that with Hyperloop, people in Mumbai would be able to travel to Nagpur in roughly 30 minutes. In comparison, the same 800 kilometers trip takes nearly 14 hours by our existing trains.
“The world is watching you guys (India)," Gresta added. "This can be the greatest opportunity or the biggest disaster. Only history will tell."
A numerical evaluation of recent conflict
HOW does the civil war in Syria, which pits rebel armed with light weapons against the tanks and jets of the government, compare with the bombs planted by terrorists in Pakistan or the drug war in Mexico? The Global Peace Index 2013 has masses of data on the cost in lives and money of violence, but the chart below gives the clearest picture of how the conflicts fought in 2012 stack up. The report also contains a fancy index on the cost of containing violence relative to each country's economic weight. North Korea comes top; America is alarmingly high, sandwiched between Bahrain and the Central African Republic.
Get our daily newsletter Upgrade your inbox and get our Daily Dispatch and Editor's Picks.
Clarification: an earlier version of this post was mistakenly published. Apologies
Photo illustration by Slate. Photos courtesy Barbara LN/Flickr, Walmart Corporate/Flickr.
Whole Foods, one of the largest health-conscious grocery stores in America, maintains a list of “Unacceptable Ingredients for Food.” The store's blacklist is 78 ingredients long and contains many well-known villains in the eyes of health-conscious eaters—aspartame, MSG, and high fructose corn syrup, to name a few. Though Whole Foods has grown over the years—it currently boasts more than 300 locations nationwide—it's still a small operation in comparison to Walmart, which runs more than 3,000 food-selling supercenters in the U.S., making it the largest grocery store in the country and indeed the world. Walmart does not ban any of the ingredients on Whole Foods' restricted list. In fact, approximately 14 percent of food items sold at Walmart could not be stocked on the shelves of Whole Foods simply because they contain high fructose corn syrup. When all 78 ingredients banned by Whole Foods are taken into account, roughly 54 percent of food items sold at a Walmart would be prohibited at Whole Foods.
Walmart posts on its website the ingredients of 19,900 food products it carries in its grocery sections. To create my data set, I matched the ingredients of each product against Whole Foods' “Unacceptable Ingredients for Food” list. It should be noted that while 19,900 products constitutes a large sample, it does not represent the totality of Walmart's food offerings, as there are many products for which the chain does not provide nutritional information on its website, and other products it doesn't list at all. The Food Marketing Institute estimates that the average supermarket stocks approximately 42,000 items. When I asked a Walmart spokeswoman via email if the 42,000 figures held true for its stores, she responded that the number varies from store to store, based on format, and declined to provide an average.
“High fructose corn syrup has a bad reputation ... and Whole Foods is giving their demographic what their demographic wants.”
Many of the ingredients banned by Whole Foods are ones that frequently show up in processed foods, products that have been prepared and packaged in a way that allows them to be sold on a mass scale at a later date. Given the popularity of processed foods among American shoppers, and the disdain for preservatives in health food circles, it's perhaps not surprising that one out of every two products sold at Walmart has an ingredient banned by Whole Foods. Consider the soft drink category. Of the soft drinks sold at Walmart, approximately 97 percent contain ingredients that Whole Foods considers “unacceptable.” High fructose corn syrup and the preservative sodium benzoate, both on Whole Foods' banned list, are in the majority of Walmart's soft drinks.
If you're trying to avoid unnatural ingredients you may not be a soda drinker. But let's look at the seemingly more natural category of water. More than 36 percent of drinks that Walmart labels as “water” also have ingredients that disqualify them from Whole Foods' shelves. While standard Aquafina and Aquafina FlavorSplash Lemon Water have similar packaging and might even be sold on the same shelf, the latter contains four ingredients (sucralose, calcium disodium EDTA, acesulfame potassium, and potassium sorbate) that would prohibit its sale at Whole Foods.
Advertisement
Water isn't the only surprising category where Whole Foods' banned substances show up. Even Walmart's “Great Value 100% Whole Wheat Bread” contains seven ingredients that Whole Foods considers “unacceptable”: high fructose corn syrup, sodium stearoyl lactylate, ethoxylated diglycerides, DATEM, azodicarbonamide, ammonium chloride, and calcium propionate.
Here's an interactive chart showing roughly how prevalent some of the most common of Whole Foods' banned ingredients are in various Walmart products based on the sample of 19,900 products:
Of course, it's important to remember that, while Whole Foods has attached a stigma to the ingredients it's declared “unacceptable,” all of these ingredients are approved by the Food and Drug Administration. Whole Foods doesn't offer much of an explanation on its website for why it has banned these ingredients. A representative from the company explained by email that the decision to prohibit an ingredient comes from “many factors including safety, necessity, manufacturing methods and compatibility with our overall core values.”
I asked Marion Nestle, professor of nutrition, food studies, and public health at New York University, what she thought about Whole Foods' banned ingredient list and how concerned consumers should be about consuming them. Nestle said that the health effects of artificial ingredients are hard to know with complete certainty. Aspartame, for example, is an ingredient that has been the subject of much public debate. Yet almost all health bodies have concluded it is safe for consumption. “A study proving [aspartame] is safe or unsafe would take years and be hard to do,” Nestle said. “It is difficult to prove something is totally safe.”
Advertisement
There are some ingredients that Nestle was surprised to see on Whole Foods' “Unacceptable Ingredients” list, including high fructose corn syrup. While high fructose corn syrup is often singled out as a cause of America's high obesity rates, Nestle says that “biochemically it is no different than sugar.” Sugar, obviously, is not banned at Whole Foods, and you could eat an unhealthy amount of Whole Foods' own “Chocolate Sandwich Cremes,” which contain cane sugar, as easily as an unhealthy amount of Oreos, which contain high fructose corn syrup. “One of the things that Whole Foods is responding to is customer concern,” Nestle said. “High fructose corn syrup has a bad reputation among consumers, and Whole Foods is giving their demographic what their demographic wants.”
Whole Foods has not always imposed a ban on high fructose corn syrup. According to a Whole Foods spokeswoman, it was added in 2011 after “our shoppers expressed growing concerns about its pervasive use in some products like soft drinks, baked goods, jams, jellies, breads, cereals and condiments.”
How hard would it be to shop at a Walmart and buy foods with no ingredients deemed “unacceptable” by Whole Foods? We took a look at some common Walmart aisles and analyzed which of the products are free of ingredients banned by Whole Foods. Drag the slider below across the aisles to reveal what the shelves of Walmart would look like if it screened for Whole Foods' verboten ingredients.
Bread Canned Foods Cheese Chips Cookies Juice Meats Soda
Predictably, the snack aisle is full of products with artificial ingredients. But the number of items in the bread and meat aisle containing artificial ingredients may also strike readers as alarming. Meat often contains sodium diacetate, which some studies have shown to be a mild eye irritant, and monosodium glutamate (also known as MSG) which has been blamed for everything from nausea to cancer, though government food safety organizations around the world have routinely reaffirmed it as safe. The culprit in banned breads lies in high fructose corn syrup as well as the preservatives calcium peroxide and calcium propionate, which some have fingered as a cause of stomach ulcers and skin irritation.
Advertisement
In addition to its restrictions on ingredients, Whole Foods also bans food items based on concerns about animal welfare, genetically modified organisms, and sustainability. Walmart has no public equivalent of Whole Foods “Unacceptable Ingredients for Food,” but it does follow a set of guidelines beyond those mandated by the FDA and Department of Agriculture. The Global Food Safety Initiative was founded by major retailers in 2000 after, according to its website, it was determined that “consumer trust needed to be strengthened and maintained through a safer supply chain.”
“We require all of our suppliers to meet or exceed all government regulatory standards. There are times when we go above and beyond what is required by U.S. law,” the Walmart spokeswoman wrote via email. “For example, in 2010 we stopped selling sprouts due to the inherent microbial risks associated with them. The government didn't ask us to stop selling them; we did this on our own.”
Generally, however, Walmart's policy is to let the consumer decide: “We serve more than 140 million customers per week in the United States and we believe in giving our customers a wide assortment of groceries so they can decide what is the best choice for their family.” Do you prefer laissez-faire shopping (and the lower prices that come with it) or highly regulated shopping (and the peace of mind that comes with it)? The answer likely comes down to your politics—and your pocketbook. Take the quiz below to test your knowledge of which foods are acceptable by Whole Foods standards and which are not.
In a colossal “oh by the way” revelation, last Friday afternoon the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services (CMS), a federal agency under the United States Department of Health and Human Services (that would be the executive branch run by President Obama), quietly released a report exposing the fact that under Obamacare, two-thirds of Americans who work at small businesses will see their insurance premiums increase. So this report – which is more than two years late – says over 11 million American workers will have higher health insurance premiums because of Obamacare. Despite the administration's attempts to, as House Speaker John Boehner put it, “delay and deemphasize” the report, we now have it straight from the Obama administration that Obamacare will raise health-insurance premiums for American workers. That is a far cry from Obama's 2008 campaign promise that families would see lower health insurance premiums – $2,500 lower, to be exact – under Obamacare.
President Obama (Charles Dharapak/Associated Press)
When you want to hide something in Washington, you release it on a Friday afternoon – but this latest Obamacare revelation is too big to ignore. Remarkably, there have been so many horrific disclosures of the deceit, inaccuracies, inadequacies and flaws in Obamacare that this latest report hasn't stirred much outrage. On its face, the fact that the CMS says 11 million workers will see their health-insurance premiums increase should be a banner headline. But in the Obamacare narrative, disclosures like this have pretty much become routine. And that's what the White House wants the media to think – that there's no more juice in reporting another Obamacare lie or providing details about how this law is coming apart, undermining health care, killing jobs, decreasing American household income, leaving the uninsured uninsured, etc.
When challenged on the negative impacts of Obamacare, the White House Obamacare media strategy appears to be either to just deny the accuracy of obvious facts or to shrug and assure the compliant media that there is nothing new here. They are counting on the media watchdogs becoming bored with the Obamacare debacle.
There is no evidence that the Obama administration has any intention of rebooting its health-care policy or actually trying to fix the damage done by Obamacare. Instead, it's decided to go with a strategy that my old boss, Lee Atwater, would love: “That's my story and I'm sticking to it.” No matter what the truth is, or what harm is done, it seems like this administration is dealing with the fallout from Obamacare by stiff-arming Congress and the press and giving the voters the finger.
They are making a bet that this approach will yield better 2014 election results than telling the truth, admitting mistakes and fixing problems.
Follow Ed on Twitter: @EdRogersDC
Homemade Grapeseed Mayonnaise Garden Corn Chowder With Basil & Chives » June 30th, 2013 Seitan Piccata Serves 4
Total time: 45 minutes || Active time: 45 minutes Opening up my own tattered copy of Veganomicon on a Saturday night to make something special after a really rough day, I of course turn straight to the Seitan Piccata. I don't need to read the recipe, it's as much a natural function to me as walking and breathing. But I wanted to see exactly how it was written. Because the thing is, when I created it for Veganomicon I…well, I wasn't as experienced at writing recipes as I am now. That is to say: sometimes I look at the directions in older recipes and think “Holy hell, no way I'm doing all that!” As the years go on, I get, well not lazier, but let's just say more efficient. Like any craft, recipe writing can take years to master. And so I present you with a revised Piccata. I've streamlined the directions a little, as well as the ingredients list, and this version is, I think, a little bit easier to accomplish on a weeknight. The changes I made were pretty basic: onions instead of shallots (since I always have them), upped the garlic (because, duh, more garlic always), upped the wine and added a little nooch for thickening. I also top with whatever fresh herbs I have on hand, and this time it was chives. And so here's an updated version with all of the lemony capery goodness intact! I hope that you'll love it as much as (if not more than) the original.
Notes ~ I love to use Homemade Seitan in this recipe. And you can streamline the seitan recipe, too. Leave out the garlic since there's plenty of garlic in the piccata. And why not go ahead and leave out the lemon juice, too. It results in a firmer seitan that works perfectly here. ~ To get everything done in a decent amount of time, follow this schedule: 1) Make the seitan a day ahead, giving it plenty of time to cool. 2) Start the mashed potatoes before everything else. 3) Saute or steam greens in the last 10 minutes of your piccata reducing. By that point, your potatoes should be done and the stovetop should be at least a little less hectic. ~ For the broth in the piccata sauce, you can totally use a cup of leftover broth from the simmered seitan. Add one cup of water to get the two cups you need, since the seitan broth will be very strong. Ingredients
1/3 cup all-purpose flour
Olive oil
1 medium yellow onion, thinly sliced
6 cloves garlic, minced
1/2 cup dry white wine
2 cups vegetable broth
1 pinch dried thyme
1/2 teaspoon salt
Fresh ground black pepper
1/4 cup capers, with brine
2 tablespoons lemon juice
2 tablespoons nutritional yeast flakes 1 lb seitan, sliced into 1/4 inch thick strips1/3 cup all-purpose flourOlive oil1 medium yellow onion, thinly sliced6 cloves garlic, minced1/2 cup dry white wine2 cups vegetable broth1 pinch dried thyme1/2 teaspoon saltFresh ground black pepper1/4 cup capers, with brine2 tablespoons lemon juice2 tablespoons nutritional yeast flakes To garnish:
Chopped fresh chives or parsley To serve:
Mashed potatoes (I used Caulipots from Appetite for Reduction)
Sauteed greens (I used red chard) Directions Preheat a large skillet, preferably cast iron, over medium-high heat. Dredge half the seitan slices in flour to coat. Add a thin layer of olive oil to the pan, and cook seitan until lightly browned, about two minutes on each side. Coat the other slices and repeat. Place the cooked seitan on a plate and cover with aluminum foil, to keep warm. Do not rinse out the skillet, as you're going to make the sauce in it. If there is enough oil left in the seitan the go ahead and saute the onions in it. if not, add a little oil and saute them for about 5 minutes, until lightly browned. Add garlic and saute for a minute or so. Add the wine and raise the heat to bring to a rolling boil. Add the vegetable broth, salt, black pepper, and thyme. Let boil and reduce for about 7 minutes. Lower heat, add capers and lemon juice, plus the nutritional yeast to thicken a bit. Cook for another minute or so, to heat the capers through. Serve over mashed potatoes and greens, with plenty of sauce on top. Garnish with chopped chives.
Search Recipes Get The Book! It's Isa's biggest book ever, featuring awesome vegan cooking for every occasion! You'll find: More than 250 recipes for celebrations all year long
Superfun tips for easy entertaining
Simple swaps for all kinds of dietary needs, with no fussy special ingredients
Tons of ideas for classic and creative apps, mains, sides, and a truckload of desserts And with Isa by your side, you'll: Ring in the new year with Black-Eyed Pea and Zucchini Crab Cakes
Throw a kickin' Superbowl party with Halftime Meatball Sliders
Snuggle up to your Valentine with Almond-Crusted French Toast with Strawberries
Grill up the perfect Fourth of July party
Make vegan peanut butter cups and candy corn for Halloween
Dazzle friends and family with a stunning Thanksgiving roast
And celebrate Christmas, Hanukkah, and everything else with Jelly Doughnuts, Candy Cane Fudge Cookies, and so much more.
New York City police officers are pressured to "artificially reduce crime rates," according to an anonymous survey of nearly 2,000 retired officers.
The survey, conducted via email by researchers at Molloy College, found that many officers had downgraded crimes to lesser offenses. Others had discouraged victims from filing complaints. The goal? To get better stats, something that's long been a goal of the New York Police Department.
"I think our survey clearly debunks the Police Department's rotten-apple theory," Eli B. Silverman, one of researchers, told The New York Times. "This really demonstrates a rotten barrel." The police department, naturally, is questioning the report's methodology and findings.
According to the New York Times (which was given a sneak peek at the results):
One officer, who retired in 2005, wrote that he heard a deputy commissioner say in a “pre-CompStat meeting” that a commanding officer “should just consolidate burglaries that occurred in an apartment building and count as one.” “Also not to count leap-year stats.” Another respondent, who retired in 2008, wrote, “Assault becomes harassment, robbery becomes grand larceny, grand larceny becomes petit larceny, burglary becomes criminal trespass.”
Photo credit: Anton Prado PHOTO/Shutterstock
This film was loosely based on the novel, "The Double", by the Portuguese author Jose Saramago who won the Nobel Prize for Literature in 1998. Yeah--probably like me, you haven't read many of his novels since they were Portuguese...
The cast had questions about the meaning of the script and the director said any of them could ask the author what he had in mind and the author said he'd be glad to respond. Then the author died. I suspect had he lived and the cast asked him questions, he would have told them he didn't have answers anyway, as he wanted the reader to be an active participant in the meaning of the story. Therefore some things are left ambiguous.
His death also freed up the director and script writing, to depart a little more from the novel without having to worry about the author feeling offended.
I got this in Blu-Ray mainly on the strength of the cast and what sounded like an intriguing plot line: a man finds that he has a double in the world. Now I'd like to switch to what it's like to watch the film, and emphasize a few points:
The film presents three statements (in print or vocally--there are some other statements that are visual, that I'll come back to) which should be seen as related to each other and to the story as a whole. The first one appears in print on the black screen before the movie proper begins: Chaos is order yet unrecognized. The second and third come from the history-teacher Gyllenhaal's mouth: "That totalitarian states all have one overarching goal: control of power. How they achieve it varies somewhat from case to case, but it usually involves controlling education, controlling media, or freedom of speech and financial controls, and may go as far as control over life or death <but this means the prior controls aren't working>. AND THIS IS A THEME IN HISTORY. It occurs over and over again." Statement three <getting closer to the plot-line> "That Hegel said all really important events occur twice. To that Karl Marx added: The first time is a tragedy, and the second time is a farce."
This is like watching the least horrifying horror film you've ever seen. That is, there's no blood, no exorcist, no clear supernatural powers, no murders etc. --yet the overall effect is rather like watching a stylish horror movie.
Or it may be compared to watching a dream--a somewhat disturbing dream--on your TV. Things start up midway through for no apparent reason, and the story ends without quite ending, like you woke from a dream without knowing exactly what the ending was supposed to be.
The history-teacher version of Gyllenhaal starts the story off. He has a live-in girlfriend and seems as interested in philosophy as in history, but he also looks profoundly depressed--like he feels there must be some greater meaning to life and it hasn't been revealed to him yet. Then in a seemingly casual conversation someone recommends a film to him. He rents the movie, and partway through, in a small role, he sees: HIMSELF. Fascinated he has to back it up, study the face, find the actor's name in the credits--then try to find out how to contact the actor who looks like he could be an identical twin <of course, both history teacher and actor are played by Gyllenhaal, who alters nothing except his clothing to depict the differences>.
But this isn't actually where the movie begins either. It actually begins with a scene that looks as if it could have been culled from "Eyes Wide Shut", or way before that from the writings of the Marquis de Sade. This opening vignette plays out without a word being spoken. And in fact, that's the way quite a bit of the movie plays out.
Much of the "story" is told visually--whether depicting the environment, or simply the expressions on faces. Dialog is kept to the minimum needed to keep the story going forward. There are long sections of silence, in which often it's history-teacher Gyllenhaal simply sits thinking, looking troubled. The audience is left to fill in the blanks as to what exactly he's thinking.
There are several visual motifs which predominate. Very early you'll see the spider/spider-web motif. Then, there is the color-tone: almost all of it soft, glowing gold on dark brown or black. Simultaneously looking both luxurious and dangerous. Finally, there's the "space-goat" motif <just to throw in a totally obscure reference.> Images that aren't explained, leaving the audience again to reach its own ideas on whether they are meant to actually depict some hidden reality, or whether Gyllenhaal is hallucinating, or whether they are just images he sees in his mind's eye as metaphors for reality. Some look like they could have been plucked out of "War of the Worlds", and some connect vaguely to "The Matrix" and the idea that what you see about you isn't the real world.
I don't want to give away any more plot, I'll just say that the principle actors include Gyllenhaal x 2 and his two significant others <who also look superficially alike>, both beautiful blondes with blue eyes and very fair skin: Melanie Laurent and Sarah Gadon. Oh of course: the cinematography makes very little use of CG or such tricks, but is nicely done and beautiful in places. The soundtrack: one wouldn't necessarily want to call it "music" or certainly not songs. The soundtrack, when it's layered on, always contributes to the sense of ominous suspense.
I hope you enjoy the film, as I did--it helps if you aren't expecting it to tell a straightforward story but to be more like, as I said, watching a long dream on the screen. You're eyes are feeling heavy now...
Geometric Sculpture
As a sculptor of constructive geometric forms, my work deals with patterns and relationships derived from classical ideals of balance and symmetry. Mathematical yet organic, these abstract forms invite the viewer to partake of the geometric aesthetic. I use a variety of media, including paper, wood, plastic, metal, and assemblages of common household objects.
Classical forms are pushed in new directions, so viewers can take pleasure in their Platonic beauty yet recognize how they are updated for our complex high-tech times. I share with many artists the idea that a pure form is a worthy object, and select for each piece the materials that best carry that form. In one series of pieces, familiar objects are arranged in engaging configurations, displaying an essential tension between mundane individual components and the strikingly original totality.
Because my works invite contemplation, slowly revealing their content, some viewers see them as meditation objects. A lively dancing energy moves within each piece and flows out to the viewer. The integral wholeness of each self-contained sculpture presents a crystalline purity, a conundrum of complexity, and a stark simplicity.
Recent Work by George W. Hart
Public and Corporate Artworks
University of London (2006)
(2006) Massachusettes Institute of Technology (2003)
(2003) Stony Brook University
Northport Public Library (1999)
(1999) Long Island Museum of Science and Technology (1999)
(1999) U.C. Berkeley , Dept. Computer Science, Soda Hall (1999)
, Dept. Computer Science, Soda Hall (1999) Princeton University , Mathematics Dept. common room (1998)
, Mathematics Dept. common room (1998) Goudreau Museum of Mathematics in Art and Science, New Hyde Park, NY (1998)
More
For background on the historical relationships between polyhedra and art, see the Polyhedra and Art section of my online Encyclopedia of Polyhedra. I also make paper polyhedron models which are more at the mathematics end of the scale than the art end. Somewhere in between, I put my "geometric constructions," which blend math and art more evenly. Finally, you might also like to look at some of my 2D computer-generated images, which are concepts for sculptures too difficult to realize physically, or some of my early plotter drawings.
If you like this stuff, here are some links to some other geometric sculptors you may like: Brent Collins, Helaman Ferguson, Robinson Fredenthal, Bathsheba Grossman, Jean-Pierre Hébert, Chris Palmer, Charles O. Perry, John Robinson, Carlo Sequin, Arthur Silverman, Ken Snelson, Simon Thomas, Keizo Ushio, Koos Verhoeff. For more, see the Bridges Conferences and the International Society for Art, Math, and Architecture.
Copyright 1997, 1998, 1999, 2000, 2001, etc. George W. Hart. All rights reserved.
Yet another student has landed in a heap of trouble for having something that represents a gun, but isn't actually anything like a real gun.
This time, the perpetrator was a six-year-old boy. The menacing weapon in question was a plastic Lego gun roughly the size of a quarter, reports WGGB-TV.
The incident unfolded Friday morning on a school bus headed to Old Mill Pond Elementary School in Palmer, Mass. Another student on the bus spotted the Lego piece and promptly shouted to the driver.
Mieke Crane, the mother of the unnamed kindergartener who made the mistake of bringing the miniature weapon on the bus, is not happy.
“I think they overreacted, totally. I totally do,” Crane told WGGB.
“I could see if it was you know, an Airsoft gun or some sort of pistol or live bullets or something, but this is just a toy,” she added. “At six-years-old, I don't really think he understood the zero-tolerance policy and related it to this as the same.”
School officials, who declined to speak to the ABC affiliate, promptly sent a letter home to all parents explaining the incident. The letter assured parents that there was no real gun, only a small molded piece of plastic from a Danish toy conglomerate.
According to Crane, her son was forced to apologize to the bus driver in a letter. He has to serve detention on Tuesday. Also, he may face a temporary suspension from riding the bus.
Bizarrely, the student who tattled on the boy also had to apologize to the bus driver, WGGB says.
This incident is the latest incident of anti-gun hysteria to erupt in a school setting. There have been many others just this academic year.
An eighth-grader in West Virginia was suspended and, astonishingly, arrested after he refused to remove a t-shirt supporting the National Rifle Association returned to school on Monday. The courageous 14-year-old then returned to school wearing exactly the same shirt, which depicts a hunting rifle with the statement “protect your right.” (RELATED: Eighth-grader arrested over NRA shirt returns to school in same shirt)
Officials at an elementary school in small-town Michigan impounded a third-grader boy's batch of 30 homemade birthday cupcakes because they were adorned with green plastic figurines representing World War Two soldiers. The school principal branded the military-themed cupcakes “insensitive” in light of the Sandy Hook Elementary School shooting. (RELATED: School confiscates third-grader's cupcakes topped with toy soldiers)
At Genoa-Kingston Middle School in northeast Illinois, a teacher threatened an eighth-grader with suspension if he did not remove his t-shirt emblazoned with the interlocking rifles insignia of the United States Marines. (RELATED: Junior high teacher tells kid to remove Marines t-shirt or get suspended)
At Park Elementary School in Baltimore, Maryland, a student was suspended for two days because his teacher thought he shaped a strawberry, pre-baked toaster pastry into something resembling a gun. (RELATED: Second-grader suspended for having breakfast pastry shaped like a gun)
At Poston Butte High School in Arizona, a high school freshman was suspended for setting a picture of a gun as the desktop background on his school-issued computer. (RELATED: Freshman suspended for picture of gun)
At D. Newlin Fell School in Philadelphia, school officials reportedly yelled at a student and then searched her in front of her class after she was found with a paper gun her grandfather had made for her. (RELATED: Paper gun causes panic)
In rural Pennsylvania, a kindergarten girl was suspended after she told another girl that she planned to shoot her with a pink Hello Kitty toy gun that bombards targets with soapy bubbles. (RELATED: Kindergartener suspended for making ‘terroristic threat' with Hello Kitty bubble gun)
At Roscoe R. Nix Elementary School in Maryland, a six-year-old boy was suspended for making the universal kid sign for a gun, pointing at another student and saying “pow.” That boy's suspension was later lifted and his name cleared. (RELATED: Pow! You're suspended, kid)
Follow Eric on Twitter and send education-related story tips to erico@dailycaller.com.
Tim Murray by
Chief Notafukenclew
I
Quotes from Justin Trudeau's Little Red Book
There's a level of admiration I actually have for China. Their basic dictatorship is actually allowing them to turn their economy around on a dime.
While a controversial figure, both Mr. Castro's supporters and detractors recognized his tremendous dedication and love for the Cuban people who had a deep and lasting affection for 'el Comandante.'
In casual conversation, I'd even use the word barbaric to describe female circumcision, for example, but in an official Government of Canada publication, there needs to be a little bit of an attempt at responsible neutrality.
Now, we don't know now if it was terrorism or a single crazy or a domestic issue or a foreign issue. But there is no question that this happened because there is someone who feels completely excluded. Completely at war with innocents. At war with a society. And our approach has to be, where do those tensions come from?
I have invariably found them to be strong-willed and very open about their choice, and how it is indeed their choice.
n 2017, we Canadians must take time to reflect upon our good fortune. The good fortune of having an inspirational leader of Justin Trudeau's intellectual caliber. Who would have thought that a young drama teacher and snowboarding instructor would come to acquire so much wisdom and knowledge in just four decades of life? It seems that Justin was right. In Canada, anything is possible. Until Justin Trudeau entered my life, I was but an ignorant fool, a prisoner of my own delusions. Until I heard his words of wisdom, I didn't understand that the Chinese Communist dictatorship was something to be admired. Or that all Cubans were in love with Fidel Castro. Nor did I appreciate that Justin, in his speculations about the motivations of the Boston bombers, demonstrated his expertise in social psychology. He nailed it. Islamic terrorism has nothing to do with Islam. It is just a manifestation of poor "excluded," alienated youth whom we need to reach out to. We must "include them" so as to relieve them of their sad isolation. Perhaps Justin neglected to "include" his tenure as a Self-Help guru in his resume. Dr. Phil look out.More impressive is his uncanny ability to be different things to different people. Who, for example, could possibly attend a mosque and walk in a Gay Pride celebration? Who could be a rock star at the Paris Summit on climate change and subsequently approve the Kinder-Morgan pipeline? Who could so convincingly proclaim his commitment to the environment while extolling the benefits of economic growth and globalism at the same time? Who could assign half of his cabinet posts to women as proof of his feminism while defending the wearing of the niqab? Drama teacher? Our Boy Wonder could have given acting lessons to Lawrence Olivier.The takeaway point here is that in their ardent support for Justin Trudeau, millennials have shown that Tom Brokaw was wrong. Millennials — not the people who stormed the beaches of Normandy — are "The Greatest Generation." The truth is, in issuing so much wisdom, Justin Trudeau was only giving voice to the innate wisdom of people who spend most of their waking hours texting and checking their Face Book page. And here I thought that the pathway to knowledge was found in scholarship! That shows just how pitifully misinformed and disconnected I am. Having a sense of history is nothing but an encumbrance in this modern world, especially in a country which Justin has proudly declared to be the "first post-national state," cut from its moral moorings.Tradition? The cultural legacy of two founding peoples? How quaint. How "irrelevant." Justin's Canada is "home to the world," a mere microcosm of the United Nations. If old White boomers don't get that, too bad. The future does not belong to them. Even the past ain't what it used to be. In case you haven't heard the news, the legacy of 'White settlers' and Canadians of European origin is nothing but a legacy of racism. Nothing good ever came out of them. No wonder Justin is so determined to eradicate our obsolete concepts of free speech and restore blasphemy laws. As he said, "Muslim values are Canada's values," so no Canadian must be permitted to criticize Islam.And that's all cool with our cosmopolitan, university-indoctrinated, globe-trotting millennials. They know so much more than ignorant, red-neck deplorables like me. After all, I don't eat sushi or listen to the CBC. God, I don't even use chopsticks.As Justin recently said, globalism is the way to go. However, characteristic of the humility and candour that is his trademark, he now concedes that many Canadians have been left behind. Tragically, they missed the bus on the road to prosperity and the sunlit uplands of a world without borders — or Europeans and their descendants either.But let us not despair. Justin has a solution. In order to ensure that marginalized Canadians get their fair share of utopia, he will fight for more social housing units. Ethnic cleansing for a roof over my head. Sounds like a fair trade to me.If only his predecessors had possessed this profound insight! If only puppet governors or Quisling governments had realized that their subjects would have gladly accepted their displacement by foreign conquerors and colonists if they had a strong social safety net! If Marshal Petain had done that, history might have been different. Ditto for the rest of occupied Europe. And there would have no need for Russians and Poles and Middle Easterners to risk annihilation by the Mongol hordes centuries ago. All a patriotic prince need have done is to do what Justin would have done in his place. Surrender to the invaders and placate the subjugated with the promise of affordable housing.Never in my wildest dreams did I think that I would live to see the day when a Messiah with flowing shiny hair would come to our country's rescue at the 11th hour. A man of inimitable mental prowess and charismatic leadership. To think that I had given up hope. Oh me of little faith...Boston Marathon bombing:On Muslim women who wear the niqab:
Over the Bank Holiday weekend I was privileged to spend 2-days with Joel Jamieson of 8weeksout.com, widely recognised as one of the foremost experts on strength and conditioning for combat sports, and someone that has heavily influenced my personal approach to athletic training and energy systems conditioning in particular.
This was his first time in the UK, and my first opportunity to meet the author of Ultimate MMA Conditioning and speak to him in person. It was great to have Joel present his methods, and above all, have the opportunity to ask questions to clarify practical understanding of the extensive theory he presents.
Joel's approach has always been far more holistic than the vast majority strength and conditioning coaches, incorporating all aspects affecting physical performance. And his 2-day Conditioning Coach Certification expanded not only on the principles outlined in his best selling book, Ultimate MMA Conditioning, but also his Bioforce HRV PRO training certification material, and his Conditioning Blueprint DVD.
Joel's Latest Ideas
But in addition to this, Joel also shared his latest areas of research, adding more emphasis to the roles of the brain and the training environment in athletic performance, which are considered in combination with the body to form a conditioning model. All three are actually codependent and inseparable. The physical body is usually the focus for strength and conditioning training, but taking the time to explain the importance of the brain and training environment's contribution I found refreshing.
The role of the brain and mindset has always been a project of interest for me, as I've experienced the pros and cons of effective mental conditioning both in my own fight career and in those that I've coached. Having Joel cast a spotlight onto this area too, sparked my curiosity considerably. And the way he tied in the training environment into this same equation made complete sense, and something I must admit I'd missed the importance of.
The Brain As A Prediction Engine
Skilled fighters seem to react faster than unskilled ones, and although reaction speed is important, it's not the whole story. The major reason skilled fighters react so seemingly fast, is they're actually better at anticipating what's coming. The brain is acting as a prediction engine, based on the cues it's receiving from the five senses. The greater the quantity of relevant experience you feed your brain, the better it can accurately predict what's going to happen and begin reacting before it happens.
And these reactions are unconscious, not requiring thought, and that's why they're fast enough to be effective in Muay Thai. Something I refer to as flowstate. And the closer your training environment is to the competitive environment, the less disrupted your unconscious flow. As soon as you start consciously deliberating, you'll slow down.
It's All Stress
Unconsciously, your brain triggers your autonomic nervous system based on its perception of the external environment, rather than what the external environment actually is. This is why all life stressors (bad sleep, travel, money worries, a hot, humid climate etc.) tax your central energy reserves in the same way as physical exertion and take away from your ability to recover from your training, contributing to overtraining and slower progress.
There's lots more to this, which I've eluded to it in past articles but will flesh it out in a little more detail in future posts — as I try and keep these blog articles to bite size pieces that are easily picked up.
Habits & Motivation
The brain's role in motivation is also crucial. Your conditioning can be measured as the maximum amount of power you can apply for a given time. This is determined by the specific development of your body in relation to its environment, and your conscious and subconscious motivation to perform. Even an ideally conditioned body won't perform if the motivation isn't there. And as with everything, it's about habits. Set good habits in training and you'll repeat them in competition.
If your training environment is too dissimilar to your competitive environment then your crafted habits will become broken – your brain's predictions will contain too many errors. Enter the role of simulation and visualisation. Both your subconscious and conscious brain is trainable. Feed it the right stimulus, maintain quality of movement above all else (even when fatigued), and you'll perform better, simple as that.
Sen. Sheryl Nuxoll, R-Cottonwood, introduced a new version of her Bible-in-schools bill this morning, replacing SB 1321. “Due to input from attorneys and citizens, I wanted to add a sentence,” she told the Senate State Affairs Committee: “This section shall not be construed to permit religious or doctrinal instruction.”
The rest of the bill remains the same, aiming to “expressly permit” the use of the Bible in public schools as a reference. Sen. Bart Davis, R-Idaho Falls, asked Nuxoll if she'd sought an Idaho Attorney General's opinion on her bill. “I have; I just asked him to give me another opinion because of the last sentence that I added, to see if that would make a difference,” she responded. “He basically in his opinion has said as far as the federal Constitution we are constitutionally safe but he has a little bit of problem in the state, and that's why I did add the last sentence.”
She added, “And I do have some other lawyers' opinions on this section. Their opinions are that it's fine, it will hold up constitutionally in the state and in federal court, Supreme Court, especially with the last sentence that I have added to it.”
Sen. Michelle Stennett, D-Ketchum, asked Nuxoll why she didn't refer to other religious texts as well. “Because the Bible basically started with the foundation of our nation and it's embedded within all of our western culture,” Nuxoll said. “And there's no mandate here at all. Other religious texts could be brought up.”
There was a pause in which no committee member made any motion. Then, Senate President Pro-Tem Brent Hill, R-Rexburg, said, “This RS just replaces another bill; I think this is an improvement on it. I don't know if I will support it, but I would move to print it for our senator.” Sen. Chuck Winder, R-Boise, seconded the motion, and it passed on a divided voice vote; that allows the new version of the bill to be printed.
In January 2006, the filmmakers sublet their apartment and moved to Manitowoc, making occasional trips to New York to earn money to support the nascent project. Ms. Demos worked as a lighting electrician on television productions and films while Ms. Ricciardi, who was a lawyer before film school, procured hourly legal work. Ms. Ricciardi's legal background was one element that drew her to the project and helped the two understand the legal documents they had to plow through.
Image Steven Avery is the subject of a new Netflix series. Credit Netflix
For a year and a half, the pair lived in town. “It often worked in our favor that we could be ‘students' who were just doing this little thing,” Ms. Demos said. “Some people were curious and wanted to get to know why we were making this project. And other people put up walls right away.”
The pair eventually returned to New York to work, but would go back to Manitowoc for brief stretches (a week or three weeks at a time) to work on the documentary.
As the details of the case grew, so did the pair's footage. In the end, they shot over 500 hours of interviews and visuals, then recorded another 180 hours at trials. Their story extended, to cover Brendan Dassey, Mr. Avery's nephew who was also tried and convicted of participating in the same murder with his uncle. The filmmakers also talked to Mr. Avery's parents.
Ms. Demos and Ms. Ricciardi gained a number of emotional interviews from the Averys, who opened up to the filmmakers while they also soured on the local news media. The filmmakers credit this to what they saw as their more tempered approach to interviews, as opposed to what they describe as the invasive approach of some news stations.
Others weren't so welcoming. Ken Kratz, the prosecuting attorney in Mr. Avery's trial, ignored several requests from the filmmakers for an interview. And while they have many interviews with Mr. Avery by phone, the filmmakers said they were denied the opportunity to interview him on camera by the sheriff and by prison authorities. “They said we were a security risk,” Ms. Demos said.
As the directors pieced together their documentary, they also sought ways for it to be seen. Three years into production, they met with executives from HBO, PBS and various networks, but at the time, those networks lacked an appetite for such projects.
Italy will monitor communication among users of the ‘chat' feature on PlayStation. Terrorism investigations believe the popular Sony game console could be used by jihadists plotting new attacks, the justice minister told a local newspaper.
Justice Minister Andrea Orlando said that more translators would be taken on to "strengthen the [authorities'] capacity to understand” potential threats.
“The internet offers numerous opportunities for communication, Orlando noted, and counter-terrorism investigations have reported that PlayStation could also be a tool used, so any form of communication should be monitored,” he told Il Messaggero.
Read more
Some €150 million would be spent this year alone on strengthening information systems, the minister said. New tools would be used to intercept communication across messenger services. The so-called “cultural mediators” would be placed in prisons to “prevent the kind of radicalization which has developed within this context in other countries,” Orlando said.
The move to monitor PlayStation comes after it turned out that those behind the Paris attacks, in which 130 people died and over 340 were injured, may have communicated through the chat feature on PlayStation 4. Belgian Federal Home Affairs Minister Jan Jambon said two days after the attacks that intelligence services had discovered a hidden recruitment channel in games consoles.
It has also been suggested that the attackers may have used encrypted messages on WhatsApp to communicate.
The minister warned that European terror networks have turned PlayStation 4 gaming consoles into an undercover communication tool. “PlayStation 4 is even more difficult to keep track of than WhatsApp,” Jambon said earlier this month.
Italy has raised its terror alert after the attacks in Paris, amid a warning from the FBI that terrorists are planning to strike at key landmarks at the Vatican, Rome and Milan.
“The threat of an attack is a worrying issue, which requires constant monitoring,” Orlando said.
Holy Cows or Cash Cows?
NBER Working Paper No. 20304
Issued in July 2014
NBER Program(s):Development Economics, Economic Fluctuations and Growth
In a recent paper, Anagol, Etang and Karlan (2013) consider the income generated by these owning a cow or a buffalo in two districts of Uttar Pradesh, India. The net profit generated ignoring labour costs, gives rise to a small positive rate of return. Once any reasonable estimate of labour costs is added to costs, the rate of return is a large negative number. The authors conclude that households holding this type of assets do not behave according to the tenets of capitalism. A variety of explanations, typically appealing to religious or cultural factors have been invoked for such a puzzling fact.
In this note, we point to a simple explanation that is fully consistent with rational behaviour on the part of Indian farmers. In computing the return on cows and buffaloes, the authors used data from a single year. Cows are assets whose return varies through time. In drought years, when fodder is scarce and expensive, milk production is lower and profits are low. In non-drought years, when fodder is abundant and cheaper, milk production is higher and profits can be considerably higher. The return on cows and buffaloes, like that of many stocks traded on Wall Street, is positive in some years and negative in others. We report evidence from three years of data on the return on cows and buffaloes in the district of Anantapur and show that in one of the three years returns are very high, while in drought years they are similar to the figures obtained by Anagol, Etang and Karlan (2013).
Acknowledgments
Machine-readable bibliographic record - MARC, RIS, BibTeX
Document Object Identifier (DOI): 10.3386/w20304
Users who downloaded this paper also downloaded* these:
“THESE individuals are actually treating us like dogs. This is how you feel. It's literally like, ‘No animals allowed'. You cannot travel with this dog on board. I'm sorry,” says 45-year-old Brisbane resident, David Wadge.
He's talking about the moment that staff from budget airline, Scoot, refused to let him and another wheelchair user, Dr Merima Isakovic, 58, board flight TZ005 from the Gold Coast to Singapore on Saturday morning.
Until that moment, both David and Merima — who had never met before this incident — were looking forward to their respective holidays in Asia.
David was heading to Cebu in the Philippines and Merima was going to an important family celebration in Singapore. Neither of them made it.
Instead, they were forced to watch from the sidelines as all the other passengers traipsed passed them onto the plane.
Merima, a clinical psychologist, says while she managed to keep calm, it was still an ordeal: “I was witnessing not only somebody trying to humiliate me, just because I am sitting in a wheelchair and just because I can't walk. But also humiliating another person.”
Although Merima and David had both checked in early and were ready to go, they only discovered there was an issue once they were at the gate. At that point they were told by an Aerocare staff member that Scoot: “…does not accept wheelchair users unless they have a carer with them.”
Both Merima and David have been wheelchair users for more than 20 years. Like many people with disabilities, they frequently travel nationally and internationally. Neither of them requires a carer to go about their everyday lives.
Merima says they were essentially being punished because they don't rely on a carer: “You're independent, that's why you can't get onto the plane.”
“Being capable, being part of society, being able to contribute to community, connecting, belonging. All of this beautiful sense of self, is now cut into smithereens,” she continues.
Due to the narrow aisles in planes, most aeroplanes have so-called “aisle chairs” that allow wheelchair users to transfer safely into their seat.
However, Merima and David were reportedly told: “It is Scoot's policy not to have aisle chairs on board. We don't offer that service.”
Merima explains the policy makes no sense because a carer can't compensate for the lack of an aisle chair.
“They [the fictional carer] couldn't lift me,” she says, “It's completely irrational that a carer would provide any difference. I would laugh if it wasn't so tragic. It's absurd.”
According to Merima, Scoot staff refused to address her or David directly. All information regarding their inability to board the plane was relayed second-hand through airport staff.
“Scoot completely disrespected two of their passengers because we are in wheelchairs. And [they] didn't talk to us — as if we are intellectually incapable of communication or something,” she says.
The Disability Discrimination Act 1992 prohibits discrimination on the basis of disability with respect to goods and services. This includes airline services.
Alastair McEwin, Disability Discrimination Commissioner, says he's “very disappointed” to learn Scoot prevented wheelchair users from boarding flight TZ005 two days ago.
“This is a perfect example where we see people with disability denied the fundamental right to be treated with respect and dignity and to spend time with their family and friends,” he says.
“Scoot is, under the law, required to provide access to their services,” Mr McEwin continues, “People with disability should be able to travel anywhere in the world.”
Mr McEwin says the Australian Human Rights Commission “regularly receives complaints about lack of, or denial of, physical access to aeroplanes, particularly for people who use wheelchairs. Airlines often make it very difficult for these people to travel.”
In response to a detailed list of questions from news.com.au, Scoot emailed the following statement: “We apologise for the inconvenience and unhappiness caused to our two guests. As part of Scoot's commitment to ensuring the safety and well being of our guests, we have in place policies for guests who require special assistance.
“This includes guests on wheelchairs to be able to move independently or be accompanied by an able-bodied guest. Our investigations into the matter revealed that the guests were provided with incorrect advice due to an oversight on the part of our call centre,” the statement reads.
(As required by Scoot's Terms of Carriage, both Merima and David notified the airline beforehand and were assured they could fly.)
The email statement from Scoot goes on to say: “We offered to arrange for alternative flight arrangements on a Singapore Airlines flight from Brisbane to Singapore but the offer was not taken up by the guests. Thus, we have fully refunded their airfare instead. We will also be reviewing our process to avoid a recurrence of such incidents.”
In her case, Merima says there was no point making alternative travel arrangements because by that time, she had missed the family celebration in Singapore.
“They cannot repeat the family reunion and celebration,” she says, adding: “I hope that Scoot will never again allow themselves to challenge the dignity of any person with a disability.”
David says this isn't the first time he's been refused access to an aircraft and consequently, he's “boiling on the inside” and plans to “hit these guys with every f****** thing I've got.”
“I want compensation. I want a damn apology in writing and I want that damn policy changed in writing by the airline,” he says.
Meanwhile, Mr McEwin is calling on the airline industry to provide more training and resources in respect to disability awareness. Contrary to popular belief, he says such measures are relatively low cost. He points to Qantas as a leading example.
This is not the first time Scoot has hit the headlines for the poor treatment of a person with disabilities. Earlier this year the airline was forced to apologise to a passenger with cerebral palsy on the Gold Coast-Singapore route.
Ginger Gorman is an award-winning print and radio journalist. Follow her on Twitter @GingerGorman or support her work on Patreon.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Tax avoidance threatens the 'fabric of society', Ed Miliband said
There will be a review of HM Revenue and Customs' approach to tax evasion and avoidance if Labour comes to power, Ed Miliband has said.
Addressing the Welsh Labour conference, he said the UK tax authority needed to "do a much better job".
Mr Miliband also accused the coalition of "shrugging its shoulders" on tax avoidance - which he claimed had left a £34bn hole in the UK's finances.
The Conservatives said HMRC's culture and practices went wrong under Labour.
Close loopholes
Mr Miliband said: "In Britain today we risk having one rule for the rich and powerful and another for everybody else."
He claimed the current government had "turned a blind eye to tax avoidance because it thinks that so long as a few at the top do well the country succeeds".
The Labour leader said the proposed review would report back by July with recommendations for reforming the tax authority.
HMRC's culture and practices when it came to dealing with "aggressive tax avoidance" would be scrutinised, he said.
He also pledged to bring in fresh penalties for those who avoid tax, and to close loopholes in the law - which he said were used by hedge funds to avoid stamp duty and by large companies which move profits out of the UK to avoid corporation tax.
'Age of irresponsibility'
But a Conservative Party spokesman said the culture at HMRC to which he referred "went wrong under Labour - when top bankers paid lower tax rates than their cleaners, foreigners didn't pay capital gains tax, and the richest people routinely avoided paying stamp duty".
The spokesman stressed that PM David Cameron had prioritised prosecution of tax dodgers, taxation of multinational companies, and closing loopholes.
He also said the question for Mr Miliband was "whether this inquiry would include Labour's record during the age of irresponsibility that he was at the heart of".
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption On Wednesday exchanges between David Cameron and Ed Miliband descended into insults
Tax has been the focus of several recent clashes between Labour and the Conservatives.
The prime minister was asked earlier this week to explain the "revolving door between Tory Party HQ and the Swiss branch of HSBC" - after it was alleged that HSBC's Swiss private bank may have helped wealthy clients avoid or evade tax.
In response David Cameron said it was the previous Labour government which had been "the friend of the tax dodger".
At this point, I would like to see a show based on the making of Star Trek: Discovery more than the actual Star Trek: Discovery. What is happening over there?
Previously, Shazad Latif was supposed to be playing a Klingon commander named Kol. Now, he's playing Lieutenant Tyler, who I swear to god is officially described with the very informative “a Starfleet officer in the Federation.”
Advertisement
Kol will now be played by Kenneth Mitchell (Frequency). He'll be joined with two other Klingon leaders, Dennas and Ujilli, played by Clare McConnell (Dim the Fluorescents) and Damon Runyan (Suits), respectively. Rekha Sharma (The 100) is joining the Discovery crew as security officer Commander Landry.
In case you were wondering, Discovery started filming back in January. So these announcements are coming right on schedule.
2017 Women's College Player Of The Year, Presented By VC Ultimate & NUTC
And the award goes to...
Ultiworld's 2017 Women's College Awards are presented by the National Ultimate Training Camp and VC Ultimate, as part of their season-long support of our women's coverage. All opinions are those of the authors. Thanks for supporting the brands that make Ultiworld possible!
Ultiworld is pleased to announced our fourth annual College Awards. The criteria for each award can be found here — we consider both regular season and postseason performance in our selection of awards. Though the input of Ultiworld reporters is weighed heavily, final decisions for awards are made by the editors.
2017 Women's College Player of the Year
Jaclyn Verzuh (Dartmouth)
Was there ever any question?
After leading Dartmouth Princess Layout to their first ever national championship, the accolades tacked on after Jaclyn Verzuh's name are rivaling those of Khaleesi. Jaclyn Verzuh, Player of the Year. Jaclyn Verzuh, the best player in the college women's division. The best player in college ultimate, period. The Greatest of All Time. We keep conjuring up ever more impressive superlatives that she turns into understatements in the next point.
Verzuh walked into Nationals with the award already tentatively in her corner. After missing most of last season due to injury, her regular season dominance in 2017 was unmatched in either division. She helped Dartmouth march to Florida Winter Classic and Stanford Invite tournament titles without challenge. The division's best defenders lined up to give her their best shot and she still made scoring, hucking, skying, breaking, and bidding look like a casual walk in the park.
In Mason, OH, Verzuh had the most stacked stat line of the tournament — 33 goals, 24 assists, and 14 blocks — yet these numbers still undervalue her impact on the field. There are other women who can match her height in the deep space, but nobody else that tall has the agility and grace to catch the same disc eight feet in the air and eight inches off the ground, again and again.
Her complete control of the downfield gave Dartmouth an offensive cheat code at Nationals. When teams set pressure on Dartmouth's handlers, they could always rip the disc deep for Verzuh to stride down and grab. Defense was simply unfair. Verzuh's ultimate IQ, her elite club experience with Riot, and her physical strength nullified opponents' deep shot ambitions. It's not confirmed that she even broke a sweat at Nationals.
Like the Callahan award, the Player of the Year award tends to go to seniors who are peaking after a long career with their teams. Verzuh, however, is only a sophomore — and she may just be getting started. We all face the very real possibility that Jaclyn Verzuh could be the Player of the Year for several years to come. It's time to start dreaming up new superlatives.
Runners-up: Julia Schmaltz (Texas), Han Chen (UCLA)
Enjoy Leggings is a club that sends you a brand-new pair of leggings each month for $16.95 with free shipping in the USA! However, they also ship to Canada, and Canadian shipping is only $7.
Enjoy Leggings is unique because they are all about positive body image. They provide leggings in size 2 up through size 18, and all of their leggings are stretchy for ultimate comfort. I personally have a problem with getting pants to fit me, and I was excited to try these unique leggings!
If you are interested in trying out Enjoy Leggings, use the code “THEBOXREVIEWERS” to receive 25% off of your first pair!
Enjoy Leggings shows up in a simple padded envelope with a cute pink sticker on the front of it. I loved how simple the packaging was, and how I knew exactly what I was getting!
The leggings this month are an adorable black and pink pattern, and they are ridiculously soft! I couldn't believe how stretchy the fabric was. When I slipped the leggings on, I felt as though I wasn't wearing anything at all. I know that they will be great for working out or even just going to work, and I love how fashionable they are. These are by far the best leggings I have ever worn, and I plan on signing up to receive more!
#enjoyleggings
#healthynotskinny
Overall, I think that these leggings are great for women of all sizes. Enjoy Leggings brings you fun patterns and colors for a unique legging that you won't be able to find elsewhere! I highly recommend these leggings for women of all sizes, especially those, like me, who have a hard time getting pants to fit them.
Remember to use our code “THEBOXREVIEWERS” for 25% off of your first pair!
*NOTE: We received this box to review for free.*
Save
When I close my eyes, after downing a dram of Laphroig and forcing myself to suspend the cynicism of a nascent bittervet, this is the result: a vision of what life in EVE's factional warfare could be if CCP made a number of small changes to life in lowsec that together would have a major impact on day to day gameplay for many thousands of players. What follows is what a day in that universe might be like.
Finally. The kids are in bed, the wife is out with some friends. It's “me” time at last. So I fire up the EVE Launcher and log in Lynx, my subcap main. Let's see what's up tonight!
Right. I logged out in Akidagi last night, firmly under CalMil control. Home sweet home, eh?
While I am logging in, I quickly check Slack and Discord. No pings or planned fleets at the moment. Perhaps that is for the best, because I only have a little over an hour before my wife gets home, and I probably wouldn't be able to do anything useful in a Strat Op-type fleet within that short timeframe.
Ah, there is my Coercer in all its grimy glory. Thanks for teaching me to love the Scorch, Kelon. Fire up the Star Map, let's see what's cooking around me. The front line of the war zone runs across Black Rise and Placid like a wall of fire, systems all along it showing increased activity and of course, constant explosions. Little wonder, if you consider that LP payouts in systems along the front line are significantly higher than in backwater systems. Much better at driving content than the old Tiers…
I scan the systems nearby that are on the front line. Oh boy, Vlil is on fire! 24 ships kills in the last hour and a half dozen pods, that sounds promising indeed. We've been slowly building up to a proper siege of the system for a few days. Wait for the System Stats popup on the map – there it is: 67% contested, up 2% this hour.
No wonder things are getting real – a “home” system the likes of Vlillirier is painful to lose: pilots enlisted in faction warfare can still dock in the Citadels in a system owned by the opposing faction, but they can no longer use Fitting services, Clone bays or any other services. That seems to have been enough of a threat to draw our ancient nemesis back from their houses of pleasure in GalMilistan!
Time to undock. I quickly o7 a couple of corpmates in Corp chat, and rouse them from their ship-spinning stupor. It's frog shooting o'clock, boys! We fleet up and head out in a dual web Hookbill, my pulse Coercer and a brick tanked rocket Corax. We spam the fleet in Militia chat and pick up a newbro in a tackle Condor who was just passing through the area. Here we go…
We jump into Nennamaila and then into Aldranette, with nothing more than some miners and their escort fleet on scan. Now, under normal circumstances we would go check them out – miners and their escorts have been a nice source of PvP now that lowsec moons are almost as valuable as the nullsec ones and anomalies temporarily stop spawning when the local pirates have been decimated by over-farming. Sometimes you get lucky and you catch an escort that is not on top of their game. Sometimes you get dropped on by a Snuffperium capital fleet. Such is life in lowsec.
Come on, focus, Lynx! By now we're on the Vlil gate in Aldranette and we decide to camp it for a couple moments while I get intel from CMC allies on what we can expect inside Vlil.
Gate flash!
A neutral EVE Uni Thorax jumps through. Let's get him! I call the target and our rookie in the Conder gets point. We burn him down quite quickly – and although he primaries me, I escape with 15% hull. Scorch FTW!
We GF in local after he gets his pod, and after some friendly banter the Thorax pilot says he's considering joining factional warfare just to get rid of those pesky gate guns – and he is right, if gate guns still shot members of the militia that controls a system, we probably wouldn't have been able to take him down before gate guns got us.
We just lost a little bit of sec status, that's true, but because everyone who enters a faction warfare plex now goes flashy, that's not such a big deal any more for the inhabitants of lowsec. Keeping your sec status under control so you don't lose high sec access (for those that care about such things, of course) is much less of a hassle now. It's also reduced the barrier of entry for new capsuleers – leaving the safety of highsec no longer feels as irreversible to new players, and we've seen a nice influx of new alpha and omega clones who took the opportunity to try out life in lowsec.
Intel says the system has no war targets right now – after heavy fighting half an hour ago, our guys had to go reship and the seven GalMil pilots in local seem to have docked up as well. We decide to jump in and see what we can do.
There's only a Novice and a Medium plex open at the moment. We figure we can probably just run that with our little fleet – warping to the gate at 10, how many times have we done that before? Slide in, call to hold invuln and then primary the Federation Navy Cruiser in the site – we will deal with the Frigates after we take out the DPS of this cruiser rat first. Our new friend in the Condor asks if it's really true that you used to be able to run plexes AFK. My corpie explains that it was a curse on all of lowsec – because rats were weaker and timers counted down even if you were flying an unfitted or warp core stabbed ship, and LP payouts were coupled to the Tier mechanism rather than to front line proximity, faction warfare was a system waiting to be exploited.
Defensive plexing in particular was broken I explained: hundreds of farming alts – some semi-AFK, some botting – made it easy for the side with the highest Tier to defend systems. These days all plexes spawned rats for both sides, and militia pilots had to know what they were doing to clear the plexes of the beefed up, smarter enemy NPCs.
Break break, interrupted a fleetmate. Dramiel on scan. Make that a Dramiel and a Caracal Navy Issue. The neutrals in local, perhaps? Or have our Gallente friends finally undocked?
The enemy rats have been dispatched by now, so we set up at our optimals, fingers at the F1 buttons. Here in the warzone, there's always pirates around, so we are used to that. Have at us, boys! We decide to try to take out the Dramiel as quickly as possible, then bail if we can. We'll be ISK positive for sure if we can kill it.
Sadly, the faction cruiser and pirate frigate disappear from scan again, with two permaflashy neutrals also leaving local, but they are quickly replaced by a handful of Atrons and a Comet, closing in… at 1 AU. Game on, guys! Overheat everything and hope for the best!
As the adrenaline rush hits me, I see a text message from my wife: “Going out for another drink or two in that new bar”. I smile and spam the lock button as the first Atron slides into our plex.
What better place in New Eden could be better suited to satiate my thirst for on-demand small gang PvP than this?
I would like to thank the many capsuleers who helped gestate one or more of the ideas above, either through convos, Reddit posts, articles, or blogs – including Saint Michael's Soul, Baltrom, Nikolai-Agnon, Gorski Car, Deen Wispa, and many more.
Did you enjoy this video? Consider supporting Crossing Zebras, thanks!
Republicans plan first anti-Democrat press conference of Obama presidency John Byrne
Published: Wednesday January 21, 2009
Print This Email This Before President Barack Obama has a chance to learn the layout of the White House or even the location of half of its 32 bathrooms, House Republicans will have already held a press conference intended to triangulate the Democrats' agenda.
Triangulation is an approach whereby a political figure praises one member of an opposing party in an effort to draw contrast between that member and other members of his/her party. In other words, Republicans intend to praise Obama's "bipartisanship" while using it as a foil for liberal Democrats in Congress.
Congressional Democrats are already moving in the opposite direction of President Obama, Brad Dayspring, a spokesman for House Majority Whip Eric Cantor (R-VA) told the Capitol Hill paper Roll Call Tuesday. So far, they have refused to work with Republicans to offer real economic solutions geared toward middle class families, taxpayers and small businesses.
Cantor (above right) will hold a press conference Wednesday at 1:30 pm along with the top Republicans on Ways and Means Dave Camp (R-MI) and Rep. Peter Roskam (R-IL).
Cantor's spokesman has already aggressively tried to paint House Majority Leader Nancy Pelosi (D-CA) as out of touch with Obama.
Obama hasn't readily tipped his hand as to where he falls on the ideological spectrum since his election, though he recently ranked as one of the most liberal members of the Senate in a National Journal survey. Even so, it's expected that he'll face-off with some of the more liberal factions of his party, particularly in the House, where legislators are more liberal and more conservative because of gerrymandered districts.
Democrats, Cantor's spokesman says, have ignored Obamas call for total transparency and bipartisan cooperation.
Pelosi and Obama don't agree on everything. Obama promised to roll back President George W. Bush's tax cuts on the wealthiest tax bracket, but has since backtracked.
"We had campaigned in saying what the Republican Congressional Budget Office told us: Nothing contributed more to the budget deficit than the tax cuts for the wealthiest people in America," Pelosi said in an interview broadcast Sunday. "I don't want them to wait two years to expire. Because they have to prove their worth to me as to how they grow the economy, how they create jobs."
With wire services.
Ahead of its OnePlus 2 launch in under 24 hours' time, OnePlus has opened invites for its new smartphone and like the OnePlus One, demand looks to be incredible with the new handset living up to the billing of its predecessor.
The company claims that its invite system has been improved since the first handset last year with 30 to 50 times' more inventory at launch and it may need them as on the reservation list for invites, the company has hit over 230,000 registrations in 24 hours. Based on some feverish refreshing of the page, the company has made it seem that they are receiving around 300 reservations every minute and the number seems to be rising; in the time it took to write this post, the reservation list swelled from 226,000 to 235,000 people.
According to the company, this is just a reservation list to have the chance to get an invite if any are left unused; think of it as a waiting list for the invite system. Like the OnePlus One, the quickest way to get an invite to buy the new handset is to ask someone who has bought one as they'll be able to share an invite, although invites won't be available straight away.
The OnePlus 2 is set to be the 2016 flagship killer with future proofed specs that are rumoured to include a 5.5-inch Quad HD display, a Qualcomm Snapdragon 810 processor and 4GB RAM, with the OnePlus 2 one of the only handsets to offer 4GB RAM. Also expected to be onboard is a 13MP rear camera with laser autofocus and f/2.0 aperture and a home button beneath the display that sports a fingerprint sensor like the Samsung Galaxy S6
There are just a few short hours until the OnePlus 2 is announced and we'll be there bringing you our hands on and all the information as it happens. Are you going to register for an invite or does the handset not appeal to you? Let us know your views in the comments below!
RIO DE JANEIRO -- Renan Barao had the chance to regain his UFC title in August, but passed out while cutting weight for his UFC 177 main event with T.J. Dillashaw. Four months later, the Nova Uniao fighter returns to the Octagon against Mitch Gagnon, and he's implementing some changes for his pre-fight routine.
The former UFC bantamweight champion -- who was riding a 33-fight unbeaten streak until losing his belt to the heavy underdog Dillashaw at UFC 173 -- Barao has always struggled to make 135 pounds dead on the money for title fights. That's why he says he's decided to cut junk food from his menu.
"It's never easy to make weight, but I'm fine, thank God," Barao said. "I'm controlling my weight earlier this time [around], and I'm doing really well. Everything will be fine. I changed a lot of things. I'm controlling my food now, eating more balanced meals. I stopped eating things like pizza and pasta."
Fighting in Brazil for the first time since 2010 makes his job easier too, he says -- not having to travel to a far-off destination.
"I think it's easier to make weight in Brazil, I'm used to the weather and everything," Barao said. "It's going to be a lot easier this time."
Barao meets Gagnon in the co-main event of UFC Fight Night 58 in Barueri on Dec. 20, and -- despite Gagnon's relatively anonymous bearing in the bantamweight standings -- he wasn't bothered by the fact that he isn't facing a top-10 opponent.
"I don't pick opponents -- I will go in there and fight whoever the UFC wants," he said. "I hear people saying he's not very popular, but he's a tough guy and has great submissions. He has five fights and three submissions in the UFC, so he's a good grappler."
Gagnon is 4-1 in the UFC with three submission finishes, but Barao -- a jiu-jitsu black belt under Andre Pederneiras and Jair Lourenco -- has tapped 14 opponents throughout his MMA career, including the likes of Michael McDonald, Brad Pickett and Chris Cariaso.
"I train with the best grapplers in the world," Barao said, "so I will be ready to bring this victory to Brazil."
Welcome to the SDCC 2017 Hasbro Product Panel! Our news crew is on the scene and will be relaying info to us throughout the panel. This post will be updated as we receive info from our team.
Start:
Machinima on panel
Megatron (voiced by Welker) interrupted video
Sent Decepticons to buy SDCC toys etc.
Decepticons (Megatron) taking over Transformers Twitter
Soundwave live tweeting
TLK:
Mega 1-step turbo changer Dragonstorm
All turbo changers have hidden fire deco revealed by Dragonstorm's light (like he's breathing fire on them)
Premiere TLK now
Wave 2 Leader Dragonstorm being shown now
Showing the development process
Megatron interrupting again, whining about Starscream
Showing Leader Megatron now
Development process of Megatron
Voyager Nitro Wave 3 being shown now
Development process for Nitro shown off, CAD and gray models etc.
Showing Deluxe Wave 4 Cogman now
Cogman vehicle mode fits two titanmasters
Wave 3 Bumblebee deluxe shown now (movie-accurate version)
Showing development again
Movie Masterpiece now
Showing Optimus prime
Diecast parts, articulated fingers
Most accurate 2007 version ever created
Showing development process now
Onto Generations
Generations:
2018 last chapter of Prime Wars Trilogy
Optimus Primal is promotional image on Power of the Primes
Optimus Primal will be holder of Matrix of Leadership
Talking about the story now
12 Primes
Prime Masters hold power, even the spark, of original 12
Liege Maximo comes with Dreadwind
Cards come with each figure to expand on what each Prime Master's power is
“Prime cards” 12 to collect
Pretenders are now Decoy suits
Prime Masters hide in Decoy suits and they can transform
Beachcomber legends class
Deluxe Dreadwind
Wave 2 Blackwing (Darkwing's new name)
Combine in jet form to form Dreadwing
Deluxe Wave 1 Jazz
Voyager Wave 1 Starscream
G1 IDW mixed style
Leader Wave 1 Rodimus Prime
Figure is Hot Rod, then combines with trailer to become Rodimus Prime
Prime Masters connect like mini-cons to all size classes
Legends – they drive
Deluxes/Voyagers – head
Leader – matrix
looks same as TR
Onto Machinima
Machinima (Titans Return Series):
In production
Starts where CW left off
First titan to show up on Cybertron to wreak havoc is Trypticon
Optimus, Megatron, and Windblade have to resurrect ancient ally to help
Demo reel now
No new animation, just new voices and actors being like OMG
Show premieres November
10 episodes, 11 minutes long each
Megatron interrupts again
Trypticon cereal joke
Made it a poster (giveaway at booth!)
Cereal poster folds into box
Onto Hascon
Hascon:
Winners of HOF announced Sept. 8th
HOF polls open on social
Now convention exclusives (recap of SDCC)
Megatron interrupts AGAIN
Q&A now
Q&A:
MP Beast Wars? Stay tuned.
Someone wants a Bludgeon toy. “Stay tuned”. Teasing as decoy suit.
Decepticons in MP movie line? Stay tuned.
Remaining combiners? We hear you. Stay tuned.
No plans for new Nautica mold
Plans for that new Starscream mold? “Next question” with laughs
Siege on Cybertron set, more were ordered
Hasbro aware of Trypticon hip issue, seems isolated, engineering looking into it
Q&A and panel over
All and maybe more shown off at booth soon
Thanks for tuning into TFW's annual coverage of Hasbro's SDCC panel!
Nigel Farage Is Branded A "Hypocrite" Over North Korea Stance
This is the moment that Nigel Farage was branded a "hypocrite" over his stance on North Korea.
It's after the outspoken presenter said the White House “was right” to threaten the rouge state with military action if it continued to antagonise its allies with further missile launches.
LBC listener George tweeted saying: “Nigel you are such a hypocrite, you lot branded Hillary [Clinton] a warmonger, but your mate's about to nuke North Korea.”
Picture: LBC
Nigel responded saying it's a fair point, but says that, “one of the reasons I did support Trump is that Britain and America got involved with too many long running military campaigns.”
He continued: “This is about frankly a madman who is posing a threat to world peace.”
Watch the clip in full above.
There is a scourge on the Web. It is called Internet Explorer 6. Even though the more recent version of Microsoft's browser, IE7, has been around for more than two years, IE6 still represents 31 percent of all browsers out there (versus only 22 percent for IE7 and 36.5 percent for Firefox). This upgrade lag is simply unacceptable—to programmers, that is, who find it a real pain to make sure their Web apps work on five different browsers. Not only that, but IE6 supports some non-standard features and functions that are not compatible with other browsers. The security vulnerabilities aren't too much fun either.
It's too much work and, quite frankly, it is driving some programmers batty. Which is why a group of them have created SaveTheDevelopers.org, an organization dedicated to making the Web a better place for developers (and thus for users as well). Web developers can grab a piece of code to put on their Websites which will detect if a visitor is using an outmoded browser (IE6, cough). When the offending browser is detected, a pop-down window will appear (assuming those aren't blocked) which will direct the user to a page where they can upgrade to IE7, or the latest version of Firefox or Safari.
More campaigns are planned for the future to whip those laggard Web surfers into shape, and once again make the Web safe for developers.
Step back in time with us at our vintage swing dance and exclusive three-course meal at The Scottish Rite Club. Chef Jolene has prepared a custom menu of truly exceptional cuisine for your selection. Have a beverage in the lounge before enjoying a full service dining experience in this unforgettable historic space. Following dinner learn to Lindy Hop with our drop-in beginner lesson. No partner needed, no experience required. We are here to get you started off on the right foot (literally). If dancing isn't your thing, pull up a chair and enjoy the musical entertainment of our guest band.
We are overjoyed to invite Bertie & The Gents to provide music for our social dance. Pianist and band leader Roberta Hunt is sought after throughout Ontario to bring her charismatic and dynamic music for swing dancers. Her music embodies the spirit of New Orleans jazz having participated in the French Quarter Festival in New Orleans among other jazz festivals. Roberta's infectious energy and exuberant personality will sure to inspire you on the dance floor so don't miss out.
6:00PM Doors Open
6:30-7:30PM Dinner Service
7:30-8:00PM Drop-In Beginner Swing Dance Lesson
8:00-11:00PM Bertie & The Gents
Theme: Spring Showers (Florals)
Dinner & Dance: $60
Dance Only Entry: $15 / $10 students/seniors
HE RAN the first chance he got.
The summer sun beat down on the shallow, sea-fed fields where Kim Seong-baek was forced to work without pay, day after 18-hour day mining the big salt crystals that blossomed in the mud around him. Half-blind and in rags, Kim grabbed another slave, and the two men — both disabled — headed for the coast.
Far from Seoul, the glittering steel-and-glass capital of one of Asia's richest countries, they were now hunted men on this tiny, remote island where the enslavement of disabled salt farmworkers is an open secret.
“It was a living hell,” Kim said. “I thought my life was over.”
Lost, they wandered past asphalt-black salt fields sparkling with a patina of thin white crust. They could feel the islanders they passed watching them. Everyone knew who belonged and who didn't.
Near a grocery, the store owner's son came out and asked what they were doing. Kim broke down, begged for help, said he'd been held against his will. The man offered to take them to the police to file a report. Instead, he called their boss, who beat Kim with a rake — and it was back to the salt fields.
“I couldn't fight back,” Kim said, in a recent series of interviews with The Associated Press whose details are corroborated by court records and by lawyers, police and government officials. “The islanders are too organised, too connected.”
Slavery thrives on this chain of rural islands off South Korea's rugged southwest coast, nurtured by a long history of exploitation and the demands of trying to squeeze a living from the sea.
Five times during the last decade, revelations of slavery involving the disabled have emerged, each time generating national shame and outrage. Kim's case prompted a nationwide government probe over the course of several months last year. Officials searched more than 38,000 salt, fish and agricultural farms and disabled facilities and found more than 100 workers who had received no — or only scant — pay, and more than 100 who had been reported missing by their families.
Yet little has changed on the islands, according to a months-long investigation by the AP based on court and police documents and dozens of interviews with freed slaves, salt farmers, villagers and officials.
Although 50 island farm owners and regional job brokers were indicted, no local police or officials have faced punishment — and national police say none will, despite multiple interviews showing some knew about the slaves and even stopped escape attempts.
Slavery has been so pervasive that regional judges have shown leniency toward several perpetrators. In suspending the prison sentences of two farmers, a court said that “such criminal activities were tolerated as common practice by a large number of salt farms nearby.”
The AP findings shine a spotlight on the underbelly of an Asian success story. After decades of war, poverty and dictatorship, South Koreans now enjoy a vibrant democracy and media, and an entertainment industry that's the envy of the region. But amid the country's growing wealth and power, the disabled often don't fit in.
Soon after the national government's investigation, activists and police found another 63 unpaid or underpaid workers on the islands, three-quarters of whom were mentally disabled.
Yet some refused to leave the salt farms because they had nowhere else to go. Several freed disabled slaves told the AP they will return because they believe that even the salt farms are better than life on the streets or in crowded shelters. In some cases, relatives refused to take the disabled back or sent salt farmers letters confirming that they didn't need to pay the workers.
Kim's former boss, Hong Jeong-gi, didn't respond to multiple requests for comment through his lawyer, but argued in court that he didn't confine the two men. Hong is set to appear next week in court to appeal a 3-year prison sentence.
Other villagers, including paid salt workers, say farmers do the best they can despite little help from the government, and add that only a few bad owners abuse workers. Farmers describe themselves as providing oases for the disabled and homeless.
“These are people who are neglected and mistreated, people who have nowhere to go,” Hong Chi-guk, a 64-year-old salt farmer in Sinui, told the AP. “What alternative does our society have for them?”
On the night of July 4, 2012, a stranger approached Kim in a Seoul train station where he was trying to sleep; Kim had been homeless since fleeing creditors a decade earlier. The man offered him lodging for the night and promised him food, cigarettes and a “good job” in the morning.
Hours later, Kim stood in the muck of a salt farm owned by Hong, who had paid an illegal job agent the equivalent of about $700 for his new worker, according to court records.
Kim, visually disabled and described in court documents as having the social awareness of a 12-year-old, had no money, no cellphone and only the vaguest idea of where he was.
The afternoon of his first full day on the farm, Hong erupted as Kim struggled with the backbreaking work, according to the prosecutors' indictment that a judge based Hong's sentence on. The owner grabbed him from behind and flipped him onto the ground, screaming, “You moron. If I knew you'd be so bad at this, I wouldn't have brought you here.”
In the next weeks, Hong punched him in the face for not cleaning floors properly. He beat him on the buttocks with a wooden plank for raking the salt in the wrong way.
“Each time I tried to ask him something, his punch came first,” Kim told the AP. “He told me to use my mouth only for eating and smoking. He said I shouldn't question things and should be thankful because he fed me and gave me lodging and work.”
It was just as bad for the other slave, Chae Min-sik, a tiny man whose disabilities are so severe that he struggles even with basic words.
Only a week after his first capture, Kim began to plan another escape.
“Angel Islands,” the regional tourist board calls the 1,004 islands clustered in the sun-sparkling waters off South Korea's south-western tip, because the Korean word for “1,004” sounds like the word for “angel.” Local media call them “Slave Islands.”
Parts of the region have been shut out from the country's recent meteoric development. On many of the 72 inhabited islands, salt propels the economic engine, thanks to clean water, wide-open farmland and strong sunlight.
Sinan County has more than 850 salt farms that produce two-thirds of South Korea's sea salt. To make money, however, farmers need labour, lots of it and cheap. Around half of Sinui Island's 2,200 people work in salt farming, according to a county website and officials.
Even with pay, the work is hard.
Large farms in Europe can harvest salt once or twice a year with machines. But smaller Korean farms rely on daily manpower to wring salt from seawater.
Workers manage a complex network of waterways, hoses and storage areas. When the salt forms, they drain the fields, rake the salt into mounds, clean it and bag it. The process typically takes 25 days.
Sinan salt, which costs about three times more than refined salt, is coveted in South Korea, found in fancy department stores and given as wedding gifts.
“Everyone makes money from the farms,” said Choi Young-shim, the owner of a fish restaurant in Mokpo, the southern port city that's the gateway to the salt islands.
Not everyone.
The second time they ran, Kim and Chae again tried to find their way to the port. But they had to pass the grocery store to get there, and again the store owner's son, identified by officials only as Yoon, rounded them up and called Hong.
After another beating, it was back to work. The few hours they weren't in the fields, they slept in a concrete storage building filled with piles of junk and large orange sacks of rice.
Kim despaired of ever escaping. Hong was an influential man, a former village head. He was linked by regular social contact and family ties with other salt farmers and villagers, some of whom volunteered to patrol the island for escaped workers.
Although Kim lived only 3 kilometres from a police station, he never thought about asking for help. He believed he'd be ignored or, worse, returned.
Kim ran again at the end of the month. Hong quickly called members of the volunteer patrol, and, again, Yoon spotted the slaves as they tried to reach the port and bought them to Hong.
Furious, the owner issued an ultimatum: Run again, and you'll get a knife in the stomach.
Hong beat Kim so badly he broke Kim's glasses, leaving him nearly blind. He worked Kim so hard the slave was too tired to think about escape, even if he hadn't been terrified to try.
“It just drove me deeper into despair,” Kim said. “I never had a chance.”
The exact number of people enslaved on the islands is difficult to determine for the same reasons that slavery lingers: the transient nature of the work, the remoteness of the farms and the closeness — and often hostility — of the island communities.
“It's like a game of hide-and-seek,” said Park Su-in, an activist. “What we are finding is just the tip of the iceberg. It's hard to comprehend how bad it is for the disabled people who are forced to work out on these isolated islands.”
Activists believe many slaves have yet to be found, as some salt farm owners sent victims away or hid them from investigators. They say others coached disabled workers about what they should say in interviews.
While island police officers were moved to different posts on the mainland as part of annual personnel changes, authorities found no collusion, according to a Mokpo police official who spoke on condition of anonymity because of office rules.
“If the recent investigation was done properly, then pretty much everyone on the island should've been taken to the police station and charged,” said Kim Kang-won, another activist who participated in the recent investigation on Sinui. “The whole village knew about it. The local government office, and the police as well. It is clear negligence. And the problem hasn't been resolved yet.”
Provincial police vowed to inspect farms and interview workers regularly. Choi Byung-dai, a police officer on Sinui Island when Kim was freed, expressed regret about Kim's treatment but also noted the difficulty of monitoring so many salt farms and a flood of seasonal workers.
Salt farmers blame illegal job agencies in Mokpo, which see mentally disabled workers as better bets because they're less likely to complain or run away.
“They're treated like dogs and pigs, but people in the community are used to it,” said Kim Kyung-lae, a Mokpo cab driver who regularly drives local employment agents and disabled workers to the ferry port to meet with farm owners.
Others familiar with the island confirm that slavery is rampant.
A doctor who worked at the Sinui Island public health centre from 2006 to 2007 said most of the workers he treated were abused or exploited.
“The police chief would tell me that I'd eventually come to understand that this was how things on the island worked,” said Cho Yong-su. “For decades they'd exploited workers in this way, so they couldn't understand that this was abuse.”
An outsider might cringe at what's happening on the island, said Han Bong-cheol, a pastor in Mokpo who lived on Sinui for 19 years until June. “But when you live there, many of these problems feel inevitable.”
He sympathised with farmers forced to deal with disabled, incompetent workers whom he described as dirty and lazy. “They spend their leisure time eating snacks, drinking alcohol and smoking cigarettes. They are taken once or twice a year to Mokpo so they can buy sex. It's a painful reality, but it's a pain the island has long shared as a community,” Han said.
After a year and a half as a slave, Kim made one last bid for freedom.
He wrote a letter to his mother in Seoul that he never expected to be able to send, calling himself her “foolish” son.
He got a break when Hong's wife let him go alone for a haircut. Walking slowly without his glasses, he ducked into the post office and mailed the letter, which gave directions to the farm.
Kim's mother was stunned. She brought the letter to Seo Je-gong, a police captain for the Seoul Guro district. “A vanished person had suddenly reappeared,” Seo, now retired, told AP.
Seo then hatched an extraordinary plan.
Because Kim's letter noted collaboration between local police and salt farm owners, Seo and another Seoul officer ran a clandestine operation without telling local officials.
Carrying fishing rods, they walked around like tourists who had come to fish and buy salt, and surreptitiously took photos of Hong's house and farm. After they watched Hong board a boat, they told Hong's wife they were Seoul police who had come to free Kim.
The officers found the slaves sitting on a mattress in the back room of a storage building with no heat or hot water. Kim wore thin, dirty clothes, slippers and socks with big holes. He looked, Seo said, like a person who had been homeless for a very long time.
Kim was frightened and baffled at first, then relieved. “I am going to live,” he said.
When Seo took Kim to a local police station to give an official account, an indignant policeman asked, “Why didn't you leave this to us?”
Villagers, unaware that Kim's escorts were Seoul police, harassed him at the docks, asking where he was going. Some even called Hong.
When Kim met his mother the next day, they both wept. She stroked her son's face. “Everything is all right because you've come back alive,” she says in a police video of their reunion.
Chae initially refused to leave Sinui. After Seo later found a 2008 missing person's report for Chae, police returned and rescued him. Chae, who'd spent five years as a slave, now lives in a Seoul shelter.
Hong was convicted of employing a trafficked person, aggravated confinement, habitual violence and violating labour laws. Yoon, the man who captured Kim and Chae three times, was fined $7,500. Two illegal job brokers hired by Hong to procure workers are appealing prison sentences of 2 years and two-and-a-half years.
Kim, who lives in Seoul and occasionally works construction jobs, still seems amazed that his escape plan worked. He settled with Hong for about $35,000 in unpaid wages, but is furious that Hong is appealing his prison term next week. Kim will face him in court, and has been preparing for the moment.
His body aches, and he gets treatment for lingering pain in his neck, legs and spine.
“Now all I want is peace,” Kim said. “I still get nightmares, still wake up in the middle of the night.”
His time as a slave has even changed the way he feels about salt. He gets flustered when he talks about it, disgusted when he sees it.
“Just thinking about it makes me grind my teeth.”
Share
Previous Next 1 of 4 iSine 10 iSine 10 iSine 20 Close
Headphone maker Audeze has made a name for itself in the audiophile world for its planar magnetic headphones, which offer simply fantastic sound. While Audeze began making larger-than-life headphones — with the sound quality to match — the company has taken great pains in recent years to go more portable. Now Audeze is taking that technology even further by thinking even smaller, introducing the world's first planar magnetic in-ear headphones.
Audeze isn't known for baby steps, so the company is entering the in-ear market full force ahead with three different models, ranging in price from $400 all the way up to $2,500. The very design of planar magnetic drivers, which use a thin membrane excited by a magnetic coil to produce sound, is part of why they're generally so big. That makes it especially impressive that Audeze has managed to scale the technology down to in-ear size. Despite the technical hurdles the company likely dealt with, the designers seems quite confident that customers will love its new in-ears.
“An avant-garde design without a care for the status quo, this innovation rewrites the rules for in-ear earphones. We are really proud of these groundbreaking headphones as we push headphone innovation,” CEO Sankar Thiagasamudram said in a statement.
Thiagasamudram isn't exaggerating. The in-ears look a little cumbersome, but that's far from the only reason they stand out — the webbed design on the housings make them look fit to play back jams for Spider-Man himself, and they'll no doubt get some serious attention from passers by. Unfortunately, we've yet to receive an image of the LCD i3, so we're currently left speculating as to whether or not it shares the same webbed design as its siblings.
If you're just looking for some high-quality in-ears to plug into your iPhone, the $400 iSine 10 is likely the model you want, as it's not only the most affordable, but also the easiest to drive at 16 ohms. The iSine 10 is also the only one that is available in multiple colors, including a black/steel that is exclusive to Apple stores and the internet. The iSine 20, however, offers a longer voice coil for better detail, but at $600 (and 24 ohms impedance) they're a larger investment.
The flagship as far as Audeze's new in-ears are concerned is without a doubt the $2,500 LCD i3, which use many of the same materials as the company's $4,000 LCD-4 over-ear headphones. That appears to have paid off, as the company claims bass response travels all the way down to 10Hz, an extremely impressive feat for in-ears.
One thing all of these models share in common is that, in addition to the standard 3.5 mm headphone jack, they also include a Lightning cable for use with Apple devices. Audeze has offered its Lightning cable design on two different models in the past (including its Sine headphones, and the EL-8 Titanium), but it's a boon for Apple fans who want a more portable design to see the tech paired with in-ears. That's especially true considering that Apple's new iPhone 7 will likely be dropping the traditional headphone jack.
If you're looking to get in on the ground floor, the iSine 10 is the most affordably priced, even at its $400 price tag. Meanwhile, the near-prohibitively priced LCD i3 isn't exactly impulse purchase territory, but on the bright side, it's slightly more affordable than Shure's life-changing KSE1500 electrostatic in-ears, which we auditioned earlier this year.
All of Audeze's new models will begin shipping in October, but you can pre-order them starting today from the Audeze website.
CLEVELAND, Ohio -- Indicted campaign donor and North Canton businessman Benjamin Suarez possesses the power to hypnotize Ohio officials with shameless and conspiracy-laden missives.
The Plain Dealer's Sabrina Eaton recently exposed two more victims of Suarez's mind-control letters: Congressman Jim Renacci of Wadsworth, and, to a lesser extent, Gov. John Kasich's chief counsel, D. Michael Grodhaus.
Renacci and Grodhaus join Ohio Treasurer Josh Mandel and Secretary of State Jon Husted in reacting to Suarez in 2011 under the guise of basic constituent services.
The Suarez letters to officials charge that his direct marketing company -- Suarez Corporation Industries -- is under attack from "rogue" government attorneys in California. Several district attorneys in California have filed a lawsuit accusing Suarez's company of selling "unapproved and misbranded drugs and devices" and making false claims about their benefits.
Suarez's company makes products such as the EdenPure infrared heater; Dr. Frank Ryan's Abdominal Fat Reducer; and Arthri-Zen, a topical cream for joint pain.
Suarez doesn't like anyone to question the effectiveness of his products or advertising and he has asked for help in derailing the California investigation.
Renacci and Mandel wrote letters that promoted Suarez's agenda around the time Suarez and his employees were sending campaign donations to them. Husted, who received campaign money from Suarez in 2010, made a phone call for him. Grodhaus, who wrote a letter on Suarez's behalf, did not get any money -- but Kasich's campaign did in 2009 and 2010.
The federal government last month indicted Suarez and his top corporate officers, accusing them of illegally reimbursing employees for tens of thousands of dollars in donations made to Renacci's re-election campaign and Mandel's unsuccessful U.S. Senate bid. Renacci, Mandel, Husted and Kasich have given donations from Suarez to charity.
What is so troubling about the interaction between Ohio officials and Suarez – beside the appearance of quid pro quo related to Renacci and Mandel donations – is that Ohio officials did little to vet Suarez's complaints before passing them on like an Internet chain-letter.
There were plenty of signs in Suarez's letter that should have given officials pause. One, Suarez made the government attorneys sound like mob figures by comparing their actions to "extortion."
Ohio officials also didn't approach the issues from the consumer's point of view. A simple Google search would have unearthed plenty of tidbits about the company, such as its "F" rating from the Canton Better Business Bureau.
In other words, consumers were completely left out of the equation by the very people who claim to look out for them.
Here's an abbreviated version of the officials' actions.
Mandel sent letters espousing Suarez's claims to Renacci and to the California state treasurer. In this letter, Mandel threatened to sue California if its officials didn't back off.
Husted made a general inquiry by phone to California attorney General Kamala Harris, whom he had met before. By comparison, it is the least unusual action.
Renacci's letter to Kasich urged the Ohio governor to call California Gov. Jerry Brown to "share our concerns" about "baseless lawsuits" against Suarez. (You can read Renacci and Suarez's letters here.)
Grodhaus sent a letter to Harris asking that her "Consumer Protection staff review the actions of the NAPA county District Attorney and his purported investigation" of Suarez's company. (This letter was sent after Grodhaus told Suarez in another letter that it is inappropriate for Ohio to intervene. Kasich's office ignored Suarez's list of demands and never told him that it sent a letter to Harris.)
There's also an important addendum to Renacci's contact with Kasich's office. Renacci's letter to the governor, sent via email from the congressman's legislative director to a Kasich staffer, included a note essentially telling him to ignore the letter about Suarez.
"We're sending this over merely as a courtesy to our constituent, and in no way realistically expect your office to take any action on this," the note said.
So, Renacci sent the letter though he didn't believe it was really worthy of his signature or governor's attention. That's disingenuous. (Renacci's office is adamant that it handled the Suarez letter appropriately by passing to the governor because it involved state issues, not federal ones.)
Suarez should have received the same form letter congressional offices send all the time to constituents who make outlandish charges. (Renacci's office disagrees. It says the congressman received a large packet of information from Suarez that merited some attention because the company is a large employer in Stark County.)
If you still don't believe that Suarez makes wild accusations, consider the letter his company sent Kasich in February, after the Federal Bureau of Investigations began looking into the campaign donations. (You can read this letter below.)
The letter, signed by Suarez's human resources director, Julianne Dalayanis, accuses U.S. Attorney Steven Dettelbach and another attorney of "malicious prosecution" that benefits their careers and helps Democrats such as U.S. Senator Sherrod Brown.
Dettelbach is a Democrat, but it's impossible to make the case that he is doing Democrats' bidding. While Suarez was passing out money like candy to Republicans in 2009, 2010 and 2011, Dettelbach's office was busy investigating, indicting and convicting Cuyahoga County Democrats.
My favorite among the many absurd charges in the letter is that the U.S. Justice Department has ignored "the fact that Barack Obama received hundreds of millions in donations from overseas by untraceable prepaid credit cards."
I hope Suarez's company makes tin foil hats because Dalayanis sounds like someone who would wear one.
Kasich's office politely told Dalaynis to take a hike after getting this one.
I can't explain why Ohio officials didn't' look more closely at Suarez's company or into California's legal complaints before lending their names to Suarez's charges. Or, why they didn't just blow off the letter.
I guess that they wanted to cover themselves. They wanted to look like they tried to help an Ohio company in case Suarez laid off employees as a result of his legal troubles.
All the politicians mentioned here fiercely argue that their actions represent perfunctory constituent services and not an endorsement. If that's the case, they need to change the model of constituent services.
<a href="http://s3.documentcloud.org/documents/816684/dalayanisletter.pdf">Dalayanisletter (PDF)</a> <br /> <a href="http://s3.documentcloud.org/documents/816684/dalayanisletter.txt">Dalayanisletter (Text)</a>
Forwarding Suarez's letter and promoting his agenda does represent an endorsement. As elected officials, their names mean something. They ran for office so they would have a powerful name. But their interaction with Suarez illustrates that they have hurt their brands.
Following the earlier news that Belgian under-23 rider Femke Van den Driessche is under investigation over what the UCI has described as technological fraud, further details have emerged about what appears to have been a motor in her bike.
The European champion has been plunged into the scandal after a bike belonging to her was screened in the pits at the race and found to be in violation of the rules.
“Our auditors made checks at the start and during the race in the pit and they have established mechanical fraud,” stated UCI coordinator Peter Van den Abeele to Sporza.
The same publication has now elaborated on the circumstances. Journalist Martin Vangramberen explained how things unfolded.
“After one lap at the world championships the UCI checked Femke's bike in the pits with some kind of tablet [electronic device – ed]. The bike was immediately sealed and taken away.
“When the saddle of the tube was removed, there were electrical cables protruding from the tube. When they wanted to remove the crankshaft, something that is normally easy, it was not possible because the crankshaft was stuck. The motor was in there.”
He added that the mood in the Belgian camp is very subdued, and that Belgian cycling federation director Jos Smets was seen crying.
UCI regulation 12.1.013 lays out the sanctions for those proven to have committed technological fraud. Riders found guilty will be suspended for a minimum of six months and handed a fine of between 20,000 and 200,000 Swiss francs.
The rider's team can also be hit, incurring a ban of at least six months and a fine of between 100,000 and one million Swiss francs. It is not clear at this point in time if the Belgian national team would be punished.
Meanwhile Van den Driessche's father has, predictably, insisted upon her innocence.
“It's not Femke's bike,” he claimed to De Staandard. “The bike was in the pit but it is [belonging to] someone from her entourage, who sometimes trains with her. But it was never the intention that it would be raced.
“Femke has absolutely not used that bike during the race. We are strongly affected by the events. Femke is totally upside down about it.
“We also do not know what ‘technical fraud' means. But if the intention was to cheat, you would ride that bike, wouldn't you?
“Femke has been European and Belgian Champion. Why would you do in the world championships?”
His words will likely be viewed with some scepticism, as her brother is currently serving a ban for EPO.
Invicta FC 20 saw possibly the biggest upset in MMA this year when Russia's Yana ‘Foxy' Kunitskaya defeated Tonya ‘Triple Threat' Evinger in Round 1 via Armbar to claim the Bantamweight championship. Evinger who was previously ranked at Number 9 in the Women's Pro MMA World Rankings for the Bantamweight division has now fallen out of the top ten. Kunitskaya enters at Number 10.
Yana Kunitskaya is the only woman who is not in the UFC to be in the top ten, she joins the likes of UFC Bantamweight champion Amanda Nunes as well as top stars Ronda Rousey, Holly Holm and Raquel Pennington on the list.
‘Foxy' Kunitskaya (10-2-0) is a very accomplished fighter and finishing the fight in Round 1 is nothing new to her. Nine of her ten wins come in Round 1, which include TKO's and various submissions. The win over Evinger really shouldn't come as a surprise. ‘Foxy' is a rare talent and has a very marketable look, don't be surprised to see the UFC sign her in 2017 and launch her into superstardom.
The Women's Pro MMA World Rankings are updated within 48 hours of a Mixed Martial Arts event. You can view the Bantamweight Rankings by clicking HERE.
Follow-on Twitter and Facebook to be kept up to date with everything Women's MMA.
twitter.com/WMMARankings
facebook.com/WMMARankings
The historic Formosa Cafe closed abruptly last month, but the building's owners say they don't want to demolish the building or alter it significantly, Gabe Kadosh, the real estate broker handling the disposition of the property for the landlords, told Curbed.
Still, it's unlikely the restaurant—which had a long and colorful history—will return as it had operated since the 1930s. The owner of the business, Vince Jung, grandson of original co-owner Lem Quon, is completely out of the picture, Kadosh said.
Humphrey Bogart and Clark Gable ate at the Formosa Cafe. Lana Turner and boyfriend Johnny Stompanato met with gangster Mickey Cohen in a back room. Ava Gardner was a regular in a corner booth. The restaurant played itself in the film L.A. Confidential, Vintage Los Angeles' Alison Martino told KPCC.
Here's what else we know:
The building is protected under the city of West Hollywood's preservation ordinance. Any new tenant will have to seek city approval to change the cafe's signature red color, its prominent neon sign, the front entrance, the roof and any other important features of its exterior, West Hollywood city official Antonio Castillo told Curbed. The city likely wouldn't allow such changes without a good reason.
The landlords plan to meet with city officials and architects in the next 10 days to clarify what can be done to the structure, Kadosh said.
The plan is to reopen the building for business under a new lessee/tenant no later than nine to 12 months from today, said Kadosh, a vice president, retail services, with Colliers International.
All of the interior decoration, including the historic celebrity 8-by-10s that once lined the cafe's walls, was removed by Jung. No one's spoken to him since he shut the cafe down, so it's unclear what will become of everything.
Whoever ends up taking over the old Formosa Cafe space, "Ideally, it's someone who's local, who's passionate, and who really cares about it," Kadosh said. "It's not just another restaurant in their book."
Kadosh cited as examples recent reuse and rehab projects such as Jared Meisler and Sean MacPherson's The Pikey Cafe & Bar (which took over the venerable Ye Coach & Horses), and the 1933 Group's Highland Park Bowl and Idle Hour.
"We're not trying to put in some national chain," Kadosh said. He declined to say with whom the landlords have spoken about setting up shop in the building.
At least on the surface, the Formosa Cafe will have to look pretty much the same as it does now, according to Castillo, a planner in the West Hollywood community development department.
The city's historic preservation ordinance covers "the building, the roof, the neon sign, the red color," Castillo said. It also protects the building's overall orientation, its front entrance and especially the Red Car: "Those are what makes it more significant [and are features] that are meant to be preserved," Castillo said.
Castillo added: "When the Gateway was built, [the landlords] were required to maintain [the cafe], to keep the building and preserve it as a historic resource. ... The reason why it's that red color is the Formosa has the Red Car attached to it, and the Red Car ... is the primary contributor, and the building itself is more secondary.”
It's possible for a New Yorker to go weeks without glimpsing a river or a harbor, and to lose track of the fact that Manhattan is both an island and a seaport. This misapprehension is inconceivable, however, for a user of the Waterfront Greenway, a well-marked thirty-two-mile route for walkers, runners, skaters, cyclists, and other non-motorized travellers. It follows the Hudson, Harlem, and East Rivers around Manhattan's perimeter, with occasional inland detours (across Dyckman Street, way up beyond the Cloisters; along the spine of central Harlem; around a couple of dozen blocks near the United Nations). The Greenway is especially well suited to bicyclists, who, if they are moderately fit and don't blow a tire on a broken apricot-brandy bottle, can cover the entire distance in a single leisurely morning or afternoon. Biking the Manhattan shoreline turns the city inside out, and gives the cyclist firsthand answers to questions that often stump even lifelong residents, such as: are there any decent places in Manhattan to go rock climbing, and what the heck do they keep under the Henry Hudson Parkway? Perhaps you yourself rode the Greenway on a recent, spectacular Friday afternoon, beginning and ending at the Battery, where, when you started, a man wearing a broad-brimmed hat was baiting a fishhook with a half-dollar-size crab, which he had selected from a joint-compound bucket at his feet. If so, here are a few of the other things you may have noticed along the way:
Helicopters and small airplanes flying above the Upper Bay like dragonflies above a swimming pool.
A man wearing a black wetsuit and an orange life jacket, bobbing in the Hudson about fifty feet from shore, using various hand tools to affix four large pink plastic petals to a rotting wooden piling. According to another man, who was standing onshore and holding a walkie-talkie, the man in the water was “installing prototypes for an art project, to see how they make it through the winter.”
The Parthenon-like and perhaps spectacularly luxurious colonnaded rooftop outdoor lounging facility of Larry Flynt's Hustler Club, at Fifty-first and Twelfth.
A guy who had been shooting hoops alone on a court underneath the West Side Highway asking another guy, who had been shooting hoops alone on a different court, two courts away, for a little help in retrieving his ball, which had become stuck between the rim and the backboard, and then also asking, “Wanna play?,” and then the two of them continuing to shoot hoops alone but now on courts adjacent to each other.
A man in bluejeans travelling south on a bright-yellow pedicab piled high with driftwood, which presumably he had collected along the river's edge, steering with his right hand and using his left hand to give his left leg a downstroke power assist; and a middle-aged nun in a white habit, veil flapping, riding a regular bike in the opposite direction.
A lost or discarded parking ticket undulating like a miniature magic carpet in the tiny waves a few feet from shore.
A guy fishing with an enormous surf-casting rod a little downstream from the George Washington Bridge and around a bend from the Jeffrey's Hook Lighthouse, which was saved from demolition in 1951 by outraged readers of the children's book “The Little Red Lighthouse and the Great Gray Bridge,” by Hildegarde H. Swift and Lynd Ward.
Several hundred pigeons loitering near the center of an otherwise unoccupied playing field, and, on the other side of the bike path, a man in running clothes sticking out his lower lip while doing rapid, shallow pushups on a bench.
A trailer, carrying rowing shells, parked near the magnificent gate of the Peter Jay Sharp Boathouse, in Swindler Cove Park, on the Harlem River.
The turreted, thirty-room 1887 mansion of James Anthony Bailey, who was the co-founder, with P. T. Barnum, of “The Greatest Show on Earth.” The mansion, which is at the northeast corner of 150th Street and St. Nicholas Place and is made of limestone, inspired Chester Wickwire, who may or may not have invented the woven-wire window screen, to build an almost identical mansion in Cortland, New York, in 1890.
Four old guys watching four other old guys eating slices of pizza at a white plastic card table on the sidewalk at 120th and First.
More bollards, cleats, capstans, hoists, and other riverside mooring paraphernalia—some of it freshly painted—than you would think could possibly have an ongoing nautical application in New York City.
A young man transporting a set of golf clubs—which he had stuffed vertically into his bicycle's saddlebags—toward Stuyvesant Town.
Three young women from a country where the shoes don't look like ours, on a walkway above what may be the only sandy beach in Manhattan (under the western end of the Brooklyn Bridge), heading north from the South Street Seaport area, on their way to their next big adventure. ♦
A snow plow driver is behind bars after leading police on a chase through Hooksett and Manchester on Saturday.Twenty-eight-year-old Tyler Payne was driving a snow plow for Big Al's Landscaping when police tried to pull him over. Officials said they knew Payne was wanted on on a felony warrant in Manchester, but when they tried to stop him, he refused. Police chased Payne from Interstate 93 to 293 through Manchester. The pursuit ended in Hooksett on Hooksett Road.Payne was arrested and is facing several charges including reckless operation and disobeying an officer.He is being held at the Merrimack Country Jail until his arraignment Monday.
A snow plow driver is behind bars after leading police on a chase through Hooksett and Manchester on Saturday.
Twenty-eight-year-old Tyler Payne was driving a snow plow for Big Al's Landscaping when police tried to pull him over.
Advertisement
Officials said they knew Payne was wanted on on a felony warrant in Manchester, but when they tried to stop him, he refused.
Police chased Payne from Interstate 93 to 293 through Manchester. The pursuit ended in Hooksett on Hooksett Road.
Payne was arrested and is facing several charges including reckless operation and disobeying an officer.
He is being held at the Merrimack Country Jail until his arraignment Monday.
AlertMe
Switzerland: How the World's Densest Bitcoin ATM Network is Doing
One month after Switzerland's national railway company SBB/CFF/FFS surprised everyone by allowing every single one of their ticket machines to sell bitcoin to anyone with a Swiss phone number, we followed up to see how it has been going for SBB and its customers.
At the end of October, the Swiss rail service SBB released a statement that they were to sell bitcoin on their ticket machines in all train stations in Switzerland, effective November 11th. This pilot project is to last for a minimum of two years and is operated by Swiss financial services company Sweepay. To buy bitcoins, the customers only need a phone number and a Bitcoin wallet. The cap is fixed at CHF 500 (EUR 460, USD 500) per transaction. As the SBB ticket machines are now turned into Bitcoin Teller Machines (BTMs), the Swiss BTMs network just became super dense with more than 1000 BTMs working around the clock.
Bitcoin.com tested this feature on the first day. Below are our impressions as well as some users' feedbacks and an exclusive interview with Sweepay CEO Rodolphe Texier.
Also read: EY Switzerland Accepts Bitcoin and Installs ATM
There are only a few steps to follow to buy bitcoins at the SBB ticket machines. We selected “Other offers,” then “Prepaid,” and “Top up Bitcoin” and we were asked to scan the QR code on our bitcoin wallet. If you experience trouble scanning the QR code, maybe try with another Bitcoin wallet by choosing another one here, and/or try to increase luminosity on your phone's screen.
When it got scanned, we needed to enter the desired amount to be purchased (any sum between CHF 20 and CHF 500) and confirm the offer received. There was a transaction fee of approximately 6% and also an exchange rate fee, leading to higher costs than what regular BTMs in Switzerland offer. After reviewing the offer, we needed to confirm the transaction by entering the security code (mTAN) we received on our phone via a text message.
Finally, we paid the required amount in CHF: cash or debit card possible, no credit card allowed, though. A few minutes later, we saw the transaction in our wallet and could check on the Bitcoin blockchain that the coins were being successfully transferred to us.
Switzerland Bitcoin ATM Users' Feedbacks
We asked around in the train station to get feedback from travelers about this unique feature. Fred was not aware of it and said: “I am not sure if I would use it, I bought one bitcoin as an investment once on an exchange but I don't buy on a regular basis so this is not useful to me, but I can imagine it could be to other people.” We also got the chance to chat online with someone who tried the feature out (the interviewee requested to remain anonymous):
Bitcoin.com (BC): Why did you use the Sweepay/SBB buy bitcoins feature?
A.: To have some spending money on my mobile. I have a stash of bitcoin on (purposefully) hard to access cold storage, so it is not for ‘investment'. For that I would also put more effort into getting a better price. But it is very convenient for filling my phone's wallet with an amount of BTC that is roughly equivalent to the amount of cash money that I carry in my wallet.
BC: What are the positive aspects of the Sweepay/SBB BTC feature?
A.: They are everywhere. This will not be an advantage to anyone living in Zürich, Geneva or Basel, where you have a choice of low-price BTMs, but I live in Fribourg, and there is nothing here. No BTM, no Mycelium local trader. And I don't want to connect any of the services to my bank account, so for me the closest would be the BTM in Bern, which has inconvenient opening hours (it's in a billiard place that only opens at 11:30). So for me it is fine to pay the premium for the SBB ticket machine (for smaller amounts) over taking the trip to Bern.
BC: What are the negative aspects of the Sweepay/SBB BTC feature?
A.: That they require your mobile number, and getting even a prepaid one requires you to present an ID. They require it (as far as I can see) to make sure you stay below a limit every year, which probably eases regulatory issues for them. I am sympathetic to that reason, but in the end it is less private than I would like it to be.
A second major drawback is of course the price. They claim 6% fee, which is not perfect already, but fine. The nearest proper BTM in Bern takes 5%. But the exchange rate is very unfavorable as well. Yesterday around 19:30, they used an exchange rate of 795.37 BTC/CHF. It should have been closer to 774 BTC/CHF, if I am generous. I don't have the exact time but around that time there was a bump from 769 to 774. So I paid an additional 2.7% on top of the 6% fee.
BC: Do you believe this feature will be used by the mainstream?
A.: I don't think so. The cities where there are stores that accept BTC are also the cities where there are cheaper BTMs. I appreciate that there is now a widespread offer throughout Switzerland, the price of which of course also serves as an upper bound for other actors like Localbitcoins or “Mycelium local trader” traders, but that's about it.
BC: What do you think would be the next steps for SBB when it comes to bitcoin?
A.: I don't think they will accept bitcoin any time soon. In the ticket machines the bitcoin selling option is at the ‘prepaid' category, next to several options to top up your mobile balance. The SBB is a service provider to Sweepay, because their machines know how to take in money, have a QR scanner and are spread out around Switzerland. SBB does not have any own skin in the game. And if it was a dip-toe-into-water test on how much interest there is in bitcoin from customers, that's probably a failed experiment. I'd of course love to see numbers from Sweepay, but due to the high price and the somewhat niche market it's only useful in smaller cities where there's no BTM, where on the other hand there is also not much demand due to lack of accepting businesses. I'd guess the numbers are pretty low.
Interview With Sweepay CEO
We also got the chance to talk to Sweepay CEO Rodolphe Texier who took the time to share his views on the joint project after a month of existence (in collaboration with SBB representatives).
Bitcoin.com (BC): Could you please elaborate on the joint project a little bit (origins and history, people involved, problems, vision, etc.)?
Rodolphe Texier (RT): Sweepay as a “prepaid value” distributor in Switzerland identified Bitcoin as an eligible prepaid product given the status of Bitcoin in Switzerland from a tax and compliance point of view. Since the distribution of Bitcoin is more suitable from vending machines than at POS, we identified SBB ticketing machines as an excellent channel to expand bitcoin distribution since these machines are already distributing prepaid products like mobile top-ups. Facilitating the acquisition of bitcoin is the primary objective of the service with SBB. The vision is to facilitate and possibly accelerate the adoption of crypto-currencies in Switzerland through existing digital or physical channels.
BC: What are the benefits of the SBB/Sweepay BTC feature?
RT: The size of the network. Almost every Swiss resident is close to a train station. Also, the availability of the network, it's open 24 hours a day, 7 days a week. Also, the
quality of service, i.e. the reliability of SBB ticketing machines.
BC: What could be seen as negative aspects of the SBB/Sweepay BTC feature?
The service requires a Swiss mobile phone number to purchase bitcoin, which is a “must have” for Sweepay being a financial intermediary, as we're responsible for the compliance of such a service.
BC: Could you please expand a little bit on the numbers? How many bitcoin transactions have been processed on the SBB ticket machines in a month?
The service meets our expectation in terms of volume and number of transactions so far.
BC: Where are the most successful ticket machines? Large cities or places without regular Bitcoin Teller Machines (BTMs)?
RT: The “Bitcoin traffic” is well distributed all over Switzerland (where SBB ticketing machines are available). This concerns also large cities where BTMs are already available.
BC: Do you believe this Sweepay/SBB feature will be used by the masses in the future?
The aim of the service is to facilitate the acquisition of bitcoin. To be used by the masses a large ecosystem and related services will need to be put in place in Switzerland as well.
BC: What are the next steps for Sweepay when it comes to Bitcoin?
SweePay is working especially on services which could facilitate the use of Bitcoin.
BC: Do you plan to replicate this in some other countries?
Even if our primary focus is Switzerland, we are now looking to expand our Bitcoin services to other countries through strategic partnerships.
Bitcoin.com could not access more specific details about transactions numbers and volumes as it is confidential information. Overall the project seems to work smoothly and is well received by users. It will be interesting to follow this project throughout out the years and also assess if it develops in some additional countries around the world as it can obviously help grow Bitcoin adoption.
What do you think about the Sweepay/SBB “buy bitcoins” feature, have you tried it? Let us know in the comments below.
Images courtesy of Railway Gazette, SBB
Do you want to vote on important Bitcoin issues? Bitcoin.com has acquired Bitcoinocracy, and rebranded the project to Vote.bitcoin.com. Users simply sign a statement with a non-empty Bitcoin address and express their opinions. The project focuses on determining truth backed by monetary value and transparency.
FILE - This is a Monday, Oct. 10, 2016 file photo of Clare Hollingworth, center, a British former longtime foreign correspondent, is surrounded by friends and admirers at her birthday party at Hong Kong's Foreign Correspondents' Club. British war correspondent Clare Hollingworth, who broke the news of the Nazi invasion of Poland that started World War II, has died in Hong Kong Tuesday Jan. 10, 2017, at the age of 105. She spent her life on the front lines of the world's major conflicts, reporting from the Middle East, North Africa and Vietnam, for British newspapers, then lived her final decades in Hong Kong after being stationed in China in the 1970s.﻿ (AP Photo/Kin Cheung, File)
HONG KONG (AP) — As German tanks encircled the Polish town of Katowice, rookie British newspaper reporter Clare Hollingworth picked up the phone and dialed the British Embassy. An official there didn't believe what she told him, so she dangled the phone out the window so he could hear the ominous rumbling for himself.
"Listen!" she implored. "Can't you hear it?"
Hollingworth was 27, and just a week into her job with the Daily Telegraph of London. She had the scoop of a lifetime: World War II had just begun.
She hung up and called the Telegraph's Warsaw correspondent, who dictated to London her story about the Nazi invasion of southern Poland in late August 1939.
As the Nazis moved in, Hollingworth scrambled to get out of Poland, sometimes sleeping in cars, and eventually made her way to Romania. Hollingworth, who died at the age of was 105, would go on to write many more chapters in a decades-long career as a foreign correspondent.
She had scored another big exclusive days before the invasion, when she had borrowed a British consulate official's car to drive into German-occupied territory, which was off-limits to all but diplomatic vehicles.
Hollingworth saw tanks, armored cars and artillery massing.
Burlap screens beside the road, "constructed to hide the military vehicles, blew in the wind, thus I saw the battle deployment," she recounted in her autobiography.
"I guessed that the German Command was preparing to strike to the north of Katowice and its fortified lines and this, in fact, was exactly how they launched their invasion in the south."
Returning to Poland, she filed her story, but her name was not on the byline — a common practice for newspapers in those days.
A determined journalist who defied gender barriers and narrowly escaped death several times on the job, Hollingworth spent much of her life on the front lines of major conflicts, including in the Middle East, North Africa and Vietnam, for British newspapers. She spent the last three decades in Hong Kong after being one of the few Western journalists stationed in China in the 1970s.
She won major British journalism awards including a "What The Papers Say" lifetime achievement award and was made an Officer of the Order of the British Empire by Queen Elizabeth II. Former British Prime Minister Ted Heath and former Hong Kong Gov. Chris Patten were fans of Hollingworth, while various British generals wrote about her fondly.
Hollingworth was born Oct. 10, 1911, to a middle-class family in the village of Knighton in Leicestershire, England. Her father ran a boot factory founded by her grandfather. She took brief courses in Croatian at Zagreb University, international relations in Switzerland and Slavonic studies in London. She worked as a secretary and then at a British newspaper's refugee charity in Poland while writing occasional articles about the looming war in Europe. Friends influenced her decision to focus on journalism rather than politics.
The Daily Telegraph's editor gave her a job as a stringer and sent her to Poland, partly because of her work with refugees in that country, according to her great-nephew Patrick Garrett.
During her five months with the charity, Hollingworth played an important role in helping an estimated 3,000 refugees trying to escape the Nazis flee to Britain by arranging visas for them, a little known fact that Garrett unearthed in research for his 2016 biography of his great-aunt, "Of Fortunes and War."
Though she carved out a career in what was then a male-dominated field, Garrett said she looked back on her achievements matter-of-factly.
"She would never regard herself as a feminist," said Garrett. Hollingworth hated when women were given special treatment because it made women a "hassle," which made it harder for other female journalists trying to cover wars, Garrett said.
"She thought that everyone should be treated the same. She hated it when women wasted time on makeup or getting their hair done," Garrett said.
After the Polish invasion, Hollingworth covered the Romanian revolution and hostilities in North Africa. When Allied forces captured Tripoli in 1943, British Field Marshall Bernard Montgomery ordered her back to Cairo because he didn't want women around. So she instead got herself accredited with U.S. forces in Algeria.
KARKEMISH, Turkey -- If the three Brooklyn men arrested Wednesday on charges of aiding and plotting to join the Islamic State had boarded flights to Turkey, they likely would have made it to Syria with ease.
For a wannabe foreign fighter, the last step of the journey is simple: All it takes to cross from Turkey into Syria these days is a smuggler and about $25.
As the international community rallies to crack down on the Islamic State group and bumps up security at home in the wake of deadly terrorist attacks, Turkey's "jihadi highway" is still as porous as ever. Just last week, three London schoolgirls traveled to Turkey and disappeared into Syria after allegedly messaging a female Islamic State recruiter on Twitter.
Despite Turkey's insistence that it's doing all it can to secure the 500-mile-long border, smugglers, fighters and refugees say that Turkish criminal gangs and bribed Turkish paramilitary police have created an environment where anyone can cross into Syria, for a price.
Refugees and smugglers cross the Syria-Turkey border on April 23, 2013.
“When [the Turks] close one area, they open up another,” Jasim Qalthim, a 30-year-old smuggler in this Turkish border town of Karkemish, told The WorldPost. “They could make it harder if they wanted."
The devoted father has lost count of how many people he's smuggled into Islamic State territory. Their faces blur together. But he'll always be haunted by one instance in particular, when he smuggled a young Saudi man into ISIS-held Jarabulus, only to have the man's father show up in Turkey, begging Qalthim to cross the border and bring back his son.
Some smugglers “buy” a particular section of the border for a half an hour at a time from an Islamic State “emir,” or prince, who controls the border guards, he says.
“He's originally Turkish -- Abu Ali,” Qalthim explained, sitting in his dilapidated home as his children watched Batman on a flickering screen with Arabic subtitles. “All the soldiers are afraid of him. One time, he closed the border for 10 days, just because he was angry. He controls everything. He makes huge money and buys weapons and ammunition for ISIS.”
A man who smuggles people into Islamic State territory in Syria stands in front of the window in his home in Karkemish, Turkey.
Qalthim hates the extremist group that has claimed large swaths of Iraq and Syria. But times are tough, and he says his family would go hungry if he didn't work as a smuggler. Plus, the border is so close, and the work so easy.
Turkey insists it has tightened the border and ramped up security, and now checkpoints are commonplace on key roads in southeast Turkey, where armed security personnel stop cars and check trunks for smuggled goods like oil and cigarettes. But attempting to to reel in human smuggling is like cleaning up debris after a nuclear strike, says Turkey expert Aaron Stein, an associate fellow at the London-based Royal United Services Institute.
Turkey actively facilitated the passage of rebels between September 2011 and March 2014 in order to bolster the fight against Syrian dictator Bashar al Assad, he explains, but things changed last spring. The United States got more deeply involved, calling out Turkey on its porous border, and the Islamic State became an unmanageable problem.
“I think [Turkey knows] about the smuggling, but cleaning this mess up may not be possible,” Stein said.
“As for the military, if the true extent of the corruption on the border was made public, it would be incredibly embarrassing. You have bent officers taking bribes to let people through a border the whole world is asking Turkey to close. You have ambitious middle men who are profiting on the killing of Syrians.”
Security camera footage shows Hayat Boumeddiene and a male travel companion arriving at Istanbul Sabhia Gokcen airport on Jan. 2.
Turkey for years has asked for more international assistance in dealing with the mass displacement of Syrians on its soil -- they number more than 1,622,000, according to government and U.N. numbers. Extremist fighters are often interspersed in refugee populations. The country blames a lack of intelligence-sharing between countries for why so many foreign fighters and Islamic State supporters slip through the cracks. After Hayat Boumeddiene, the wife of one of the Paris gunmen in last month's attacks, escaped easily from Turkey into Syria, Turkey ardently defended itself from criticism.
“Turkey's only fault is to have a border with Syria,” Turkey's Prime Minister Ahmet Davutoglu said on an official trip to Berlin in early January. “We need intelligence telling us who is a suspect so Turkey can take precautions.”
Turkey's Foreign Ministry did not respond to requests for comment.
Hardline fighters take advantage of the porous border and easily bribed guards. Anas, 20, says he crosses to and from Syria through Turkey's official border crossings with ease, despite not having a passport.
Walking from Turkey's Bab al-Salam border gate in the border town of Kilis, his shoulder-length hair and thick, long beard -- a style often worn by Islamist fighters -- stands out in the crowd of refugees. The young man claims to have fought with the Free Syrian Army, then the Islamic State, and now fights “freelance” for groups like Jabhat al Nusra, also known as Al Qaeda in Syria.
An armed man walks in the Islamic State-controlled Syrian town of Tal Abyad, just across from the Turkish Akcakale border gate, on Jan. 31.
“I bribe the Turkish border guards,” he said nonchalantly, without elaborating.
Rami Zaid, a 23-year-old activist in Aleppo, says he crosses once or twice a month, usually east of the Bab al-Salam border gate because, as he says, there isn't much security. He doesn't have a passport either, and unlike Anas, he says, he can't get through official border without one -- so he pays Turkish and Syrian smugglers $25-50 every trip to help him across.
For Abu Hawrain, a 24-year-old Syrian lamb trader turned smuggler, paying off Turkish border guards at the Bab al-Salam crossing is part of the daily routine. The Idlib native says he smuggles roughly 100 people a month to territory on the other side controlled by Free Syrian Army-affiliated fighters and more hardline jihadist groups.
“They don't care about the law,” he said of the guards at the border. “They let anyone cross if they have money.”
But the official Turkish forces at the gate aren't really the ones controlling the border, Abu Hawrain said. A group of four to five rich and widely fear Turkish “gang” leaders run things in Kilis, according to the young smuggler who says he sees them every day.
“The police are afraid of the powerful men,” he continued. “The smugglers pay them directly.”
Hawrain says he makes 75 Turkish lira, or $30, per person he smuggles, but he has to shell out the equivalent of $20 to pay off the Turkish gangsters and border guards. Most of what he makes, he doesn't get to keep.
When asked what would happen if he kept all of his earnings, Hawrain shook his head: “They're mafia -- they can do anything.”
Zaher Said contributed reporting from the Turkey-Syria border.
While we're all wiping the champagne-induced sleep from our eyes, inevitably we have to sober up for 2014. The new year will mark new beginnings for all of us, but it will also mark the continuation (and perhaps conclusion) of a number of high-profile tech legal cases. We've chosen to highlight a few cases that could lead to profound changes in the tech landscape in years to come.
Without further ado, here's an update on the top four cases that we have our eyes on (in no order): the collective challenges to the National Security Agency spying, Megaupload, Silk Road, and Lavabit.
NSA spying litigation
The Snowden leaks made public a great deal of information about government surveillance, both at home and abroad. Arguably, the most stunning and controversial program was the first that was revealed: the dragnet collection of every phone number called. That bulk data collection program inspired at least two lawsuits against the government and changed the nature of a third case.
The two lawsuits have had starkly different results; with both now sure to rise to appeal courts, it seems likely that the issue will ultimately reach the US Supreme Court. Certainly, the court as currently composed hasn't been shy about weighing in on the most controversial and politically charged issues in recent years.
Klayman v. NSA was filed literally the day after the first revelations came out in The Guardian. Earlier this month, US District Judge Richard Leon published his widely cited opinion, calling the government's spying technology "almost Orwellian." He rejected the government's key legal precedent: Smith v. Maryland, a 1970s case that allowed the police to track numbers called from a single phone. In the age of the cell phone, wrote Leon, that's too weak a precedent for a massive surveillance program. The bulk data collection, he found, is likely unconstitutional.
But less than two weeks later, a federal judge in New York found just the opposite. In a challenge brought by the ACLU, US District Judge William Pauley ruled the group had no standing to challenge the law. He also found that even though the amount of information collected was "breathtaking," it didn't matter, because phone numbers dialed are simply not protected under the Fourth Amendment.
"Telephones have far more versatility now than when Smith was decided, but this case only concerns their use as telephones," wrote Pauley. "The fact that there are more calls placed does not undermine the Supreme Court's finding that a person has no subjective expectation of privacy in telephony metadata."
A third challenge to NSA surveillance is Jewel v. NSA, a case that was actually filed in San Francisco in 2008. Back then, the Electronic Frontier Foundation believed there was some kind of data dragnet going on due to revelations made by an earlier whistleblower, AT&T technician Mark Klein, although the EFF didn't have the certainty or detail that has become available since the Snowden leaks. That case has been briefed and is awaiting a decision from the district court judge.
Intelligence reformers in Congress believe the political momentum is with them now, and they're going to push hard to ban or sharply limit these programs no matter what happens with these cases. But change on the political level is far from a foregone conclusion; two months ago, a key Senate committee voted 11-4 for a nearly toothless reform bill that would allow the bulk collection to continue. In any case, the opinions of the three federal judges closely examining the surveillance programs is sure to weigh heavily on the minds of policymakers who consider the issue, making these cases ones to watch in 2014.
Megaupload
2014 could prove to be a pivotal year for one of the United States' most bizarre criminal suspects, Kim Dotcom.
In July 2014, the German-born Dotcom is finally set to have his extradition hearing, which will decide whether he will be forced to decamp from New Zealand to the US to face criminal charges of copyright infringement. Further, he's awaiting a decision from the Supreme Court of New Zealand to determine whether he should be allowed to have all the evidence that American authorities gathered against him. And to top it off, he's suing the New Zealand government for millions for illegal surveillance and search, and those allegations will progress in 2014 as well.
The bombastic founder of Megaupload awoke on January 19, 2012 to find that his beloved service had been seized, shuttered, and smashed by the United States government. The massive online “cyberlocker” at one point used more bandwidth than Dropbox. Further, his sprawling New Zealand mansion was raided by local cops, who came armed to the teeth with attack dogs and helicopters, and Dotcom himself was arrested.
Since then, it's come out that New Zealand authorities overstepped their bounds when it came to conducting surveillance and executing the search on Dotcom's property. That resulted in the man fingered as an Internet criminal and fugitive by the US getting a formal apology from the Prime Minister of New Zealand. As we reported in 2012, because Dotcom had obtained permanent resident status, he shouldn't have been subjected to government surveillance under local law. (That law has since been changed.) But the New Zealand agency evidently misunderstood the law or failed to verify Dotcom's immigration status.
So how is Dotcom marking the two-year anniversary of the raid?
“There's going to be an event [in the Auckland area] that's going to include information about Kim Dotcom's new political party in New Zealand and some discussion about building a new online music service,” Ira Rothken, Dotcom's California-based attorney, told Ars.
If it's anything like last year's celebration, it will surely be a bizarrely raucous affair.
But Dotcom likely isn't partying just yet. Over a week ago, on December 23, 2013, the United States government gave Kim Dotcom a bountiful present, a 191-page "Summary of Evidence," (PDF), likely as a tactic to hasten Dotcom's extradition.
"This reaffirms for us that the US is bringing purely experimental criminal prosecution [...] the conversations that a cloud ISP has and its policies on takedowns and things like infringement are purely civil in nature and not criminal, and it seems to us that the US case has no merit," Rothken added to Ars.
The San Francisco Bay Area-based attorney reiterated that his client should not face criminal charges and, at most, should face a civil case of secondary copyright infringement.
"The US is only interested in cherry-picking the evidence which leads to things like the 191 pages that they published,” Rothken concluded. "We're waiting for New Zealand Supreme Court to decided as to whether we can get access to the documents in a more fair manner. That coupled with a marked trial date against the New Zealand government for illegal spying and handling a larger number of legal issues arising out of the govt's legal conduct, that's cause for delay in the extradition hearing. There are a lot of things that are going on in this case; things would have been much faster if the government had provided more transparency, and they weren't involved in illegal conduct."
The Silk Road
2014 could also see the conclusion of the saga of Ross Ulbricht, the 29-year-old Texan accused of being the mastermind behind the notorious Silk Road site. If he doesn't reach some kind of agreement with the government, Ulbricht's case will head to trial next year.
The site was seized, and Ulbricht was arrested in San Francisco in October 2013, whereupon he was transferred soon after to New York to await trial. The United States government believes that Ulbricht made $80 million through his infamous site—a substantial portion of that money, in bitcoins, is now in federal hands. Since Ulbricht's arrest, there have been more accusations of murders-for-hire, as well as further indictments of colleagues.
In late November 2013, a federal judge denied Ulbricht's request to be freed on a $1 million bail.
Sorrin Turner, an assistant United States attorney, wrote in an 11-page letter to the judge, arguing against Ulbricht's bail:
In light of the foregoing, Ulbricht should be detained as a danger to the community. Given his willingness to pay approximately $730,000 for attempts to kill six people, there is no reason to believe that he would not again resort to violence in order to protect himself, whether through intimidating witnesses, recovering proceeds of his criminal activity, or otherwise. It is evident that he cannot be trusted to comply with bail conditions designed to ensure the safety of other persons and the community. Nor has he proffered any meaningful evidence rebutting the presumption that no such conditions exist. . . . Ulbricht has significant ties abroad. His parents own property and hold bank accounts in Costa Rica, and they live there for half the year. His sister resides in Australia. He also has undertaken recent foreign travel – living in Australia and traveling in Southeast Asia from November 2011 to April 2012, traveling to Costa Rica from May to June 2012, and, as noted above, traveling to Dominica in late 2012.
Not much has happened in the case in recent weeks, but Ulbricht has taken on a new attorney, Joshua Dratel, who has not responded to Ars' request for comment.
The New York-based attorney has a long history with difficult criminal cases: recent clients include Basaaly Maolin, a Somali cab driver in San Diego who was picked up as part of a National Security Agency dragnet and later convicted of providing support to terrorism. Dratel also represented Gary McKinnon, the British hacker who faced extradition charges to the United States and who is now serving his time in his home country.
Meanwhile, a US-born and Slovakia-based activist named Mike Gogulski has created the Ross Ulbricht Defense Fund, which states “We believe that Ross Ulbricht is innocent.”
According to the site's Twitter account, supporters have raised nearly $10,000 on Crowdtilt in support of Ulbricht—admittedly a small dent in the large legal bill. As for Ulbricht himself? Earlier this month, his fans said that he's now teaching a yoga class in prison and was moved to a cell with access to direct sunlight.
Lavabit
Just days after it was revealed that NSA leaker Edward Snowden had been using a secure e-mail service called Lavabit, it abruptly shut down. The service's founder, Ladar Levison, made cryptic statements about how he had been forced to abandon the company he'd put ten years of hard work into, lest he become complicit in "crimes against the American people."
Since then, much of the story has been made public. The FBI showed up at Levison's door seeking to tap into his e-mail service to pursue a target, widely believed to be Snowden. Because of the way Lavabit was constructed, there was no way to tap into the e-mail of one particular Lavabit user. Once they learned that, federal agents demanded Lavabit's private SSL key , which would effectively give them the "keys to the kingdom"—the ability to monitor every Lavabit user, in real time.
While Levison has said he's always been willing to help law enforcement go after their specific target, he balked at handing over the private key. Once he was slapped with an order to hand over the key or pay $5,000 per day, he shut down the service, deleting the e-mails belonging to about 400,000 users, including his own.
Now, Levison is appealing the order at the US Court of Appeals for the 4th Circuit. It's impossible to miss the fact that Levison's appeal treads over some of the same grounds that the NSA litigation rests on, because the FBI agents are arguing that what they want to install on his e-mail service is basically a "pen register." Thus, their legal grounds are similar to the justification for widespread NSA spying—the "metadata" simply isn't constitutionally protected. Lavabit is arguing that the "pen register" statute can't possibly be broad enough to justify the handover of private SSL keys, which would enable the collection of private data on hundreds of thousands of users.
The two cases won't bear on each other legally, but they both get at the heart of a huge issue in the digital age: how far can law enforcement go in using powerful tools of digital surveillance, based on legal precedent from the days of the telephone? For that reason, the Lavabit case is one to watch in 2014.
MANILA, Philippines – President Rodrigo Duterte's arch critic is in the U.S. and Malacañang and the chief of the Department of Foreign Affairs (DFA) are earnestly hoping that Sen. Antonio Trillanes IV will behave while spending his time at the world's only superpower.
During a news conference on Thursday, Undersecretary Ernesto Abella said the Office of the President was hoping that Trillanes had “given” the “correct information” and “not biased information designed to adversely affect Philippines-US relations.”
Also, DFA Secretary Alan Peter Cayetano said he was expecting that Trillanes' U.S. visit was done “in good faith” and a “normal engagement.” Cayetano recalled that when he was still a senator like Trillanes, he never went to another country and talked to foreign officials to try to overthrow the government.
“Although it's a free world, it doesn't help the country if there is misinformation, disinformation and especially falsehood,” the DFA chief added.
Abella and Cayetano issued the statements after news reports came out quoting unnamed diplomatic sources that Trillanes went to the U.S. supposedly to convince American senators to discourage President Donald Trump from visiting the Philippines next month for the ASEAN summit.
Republican Sen. Marco Rubio announced via social media that he and Trillanes met and discussed about “US-Philippines alliance, combating corruption and protecting human rights” amid the “narcotics crisis” in the Philippines.
Senator @TrillanesSonny & I discussed U.S.-#Philippines alliance, combating corruption & protecting #humanrights amid their narcotics crisis — Senator Rubio Press (@SenRubioPress) October 17, 2017
It was Rubio, with Democratic Senator Ben Cardin, who introduced last May 4 S. 1055 or “The Philippines Human Rights Accountability and Counter Narcotics Act of 2017.”
The bill seeks to restrict the exportation of certain defense articles by the U.S. to the Philippine National Police, support human rights and civil society organizations in the Philippines, and report on sources of narcotics entering that country.
The proposed measure notes that “since the election of Duterte in June of 2016, there has been a relentless campaign of violence against alleged drug offenders, in which more than 7,000 people have been killed.”
“America and the Philippines have an important and enduring alliance, which is why the growing number of extrajudicial killings as part of the Philippine National Police's ‘war on drugs' is deeply alarming,” said Rubio in a statement issued in May.
“This is not the right way to conduct an anti-drug campaign, and our legislation reflects our sincere desire to work with the Philippines to support human rights, expose narcotics networks emanating from mainland China and other countries, and use a public health approach to responsibly counter the dangers that drugs pose to our societies,” he added.
Meanwhile, according to Cardin, “Duterte has unleashed a campaign of extrajudicial killings in his country that has horrified the international community. Mr. Duterte must handle criminal issues through the rule of law and allow drug addicts access to the public health services and treatment they deserve.”
“In the absence of such actions, this legislation is clear in its support for the Filipino people and the importance of our alliance, but also the consequences if Mr. Duterte's actions continue,” he added.
You Can't Judge a Book – Or Building – By Its Cover
Middletown (Google Maps Location)
January 29, 2009
This is going to be annoying having to type Beinecke over and over throughout this post. Why can't cool guys have cool last names like Wood? Whatever this place lacks in the naming department, it more than makes up for in the totally awesome department.
The Beinecke (seriously, I'm making a hot key for that right now) would be worth a visit even if I didn't qualify it as a museum. The building itself is an amazing (some say horribly ugly) unique piece of architectural art. Architecture degreed Hoang found it ugly and monstrous… and I'd have to sort of agree. Yet, once you're inside – that opinion invariably changes.
First off, the Beinecke isn't your typical college library. (As we've learned, Yale isn't your typical college.) It contains a ton of rare books and other things book-related. I'm having a hard time editing the most pertinent information from the Beinecke website… But I'll try:
“The Beinecke Rare Book & Manuscript Library is Yale University's principal repository for literary papers and for early manuscripts and rare books in the fields of literature, theology, history, and the natural sciences. In addition to its general collection of rare books and manuscripts, the library houses the Yale Collection of American Literature, the Yale Collection of German Literature, the Yale Collection of Western Americana, and the Osborn Collection.”
Wow, I just spent a long time here, reading up on the various collections. I'm blown away. I can't possibly cull out the interesting stuff, because it's all so darned interesting.
I confess… I love old books (I love old maps more, but for that I'll have to go to UConn's library). If I were rich and wanted to collect something (I'm not rich and find collecting things to be a silly pursuit), I think I'd collect rare and old books. And if I were rich, in love with collecting, and an international handsome thief with a wry wit and supermodel girlfriend – I'd start by stealing from the Beinecke.
They have it all. Are you looking for various playing cards from antiquity? Like, Italian tarot cards from the 1455 – handpainted and gilded cards attributed to Bonifacio Bembo. The surviving sixty-seven cards are works of art, miniature medieval portraits. Or perhaps a pack of late Gothic Bohemian playing cards from about 16th century. Or an exceedingly rare Salvador Dalí painted pack. This is all in the Cary Collection and it contains more than 2600 packs, 460 sheets, and 150 wood blocks for printing cards. My word.
Is music your thing? (If it is, be sure to get over to the Yale Collection of Musical Instruments like we did, here) Although the music collection is comparatively small, it's rich with very rare (and sometimes unique) operas and music sheets. I can't even begin to break it down, so check it out yourself. Ridiculous.
And then there are the books. Lots and lots of books. In fact, the Beinecke (opened in 1963) is one of the largest buildings in the world devoted entirely to rare books and manuscripts. The library has room in the central tower for 180,000 volumes and in the underground bookstacks for over 600,000 volumes; it now contains about 500,000 volumes and several million manuscripts.
The building and its endowment are the gift of a few Beinecke's who were all Yalies from 1907-1910. Oh yeah, the building… I love it. It gets a lot of grief because, well, it's pretty ugly. It's especially jarring on campus because it's right next to the Law School and amidst a slew of neo-Classical and neo-Gothic neighbors. But here's the thing… It's beautiful inside.
So as my title suggests, don't judge this place by the outside; much like the old axiom about judging books by their covers. Though rest assured, MY book's cover is going to be awesome. I'm thinking a chiseled marble sculpture of me in a museum.
The building, of Vermont marble and granite, bronze and glass, was designed by Gordon Bunshaft, of the firm of Skidmore, Owings and Merrill; the George A. Fuller Construction Company was the general contractor. Work began on the building in 1960 and was completed in 1963. The white, gray-veined marble panes of the exterior are one and one-quarter inches thick and are framed by shaped light gray Vermont Woodbury granite. These marble panels filter light so that rare materials can be displayed without damage.
Upon entering, visitors see the glass tower of books that rises through the core of the building. Two stairways ascend on either side to the mezzanine level. Together with the entrance level, the mezzanine functions as a showcase for rotating exhibits that highlight the Beinecke's rich collections. The Gutenberg Bible, the first Western book printed from movable type, and Audubon's Birds of America are on permanent exhibition.
Hoang and I entered and were immediately struck by the serenity of the space. Of course, it's a library so it's quiet. Silent quiet. It's almost haunting… Hauntingly beautiful as they say. The thin marble walls glow and seem to pulsate with passing clouds above. I loved it – especially after Hoang declared her distaste for the building. (This is when nerd couples like us get to use the “in your face” taunt.)
Because my pictures are as terrible as usual, I'm borrowing a couple from Wiki, which is perfectly fine to do. The non-permanent exhibit on display during our visit was really cool. Called “Book of Secrets: Alchemy and the European Imagination, 1500-2000,” it explored the pseudoscience from its beginnings to its uses in popular culture today. I'll let them explain it in haughtier language:
“From Chaucer to Harry Potter, this exhibition explores the curious centrality of alchemy in the European imagination from the early days of print through the present. From the sixteenth century, books of alchemical secrets were published in almost every European language. Terms such as the philosopherâ€™s stone entered into the popular understanding in the world of Harry Potter as in that of the sixteenth-century magus. Alchemy was chemistry, practiced by the leading scientists of the period; it was also mystical, seen by thinkers as prominent as Isaac Newton to be the means to understand the source of life itself. Skeptics like Ben Jonson satirized it in plays; poets from John Donne to Ted Hughes adopted its imagery. The twentieth-century psychologist Carl Jung based his theory of the psyche on his analysis of alchemy. Above all, people wrote, read, and thought about alchemy from the early modern period through the present day.”
Some of the old books were amazingly detailed in both their script and the engravings and drawings in the margins. The basis of alchemy was based on the rudimentary understanding of cheimstry back in the day. As scientists gained knowledge and alchemy was dismissed, the evolution of it into a sort of mystical black art is interesting to learn about. And before you laugh, there are millions and millions of people today who believe in astrology and a 6,000 year old earth.
The alchemy stuff was all around, and the two permanent exhibits inhabit opposite corners. Audubon's Bird's of America displays were amazing. He apparently did these HUGE books (way bigger than the big ones on your granddad's coffee table back in the day) with his signature beautiful bird paintings. I gawked.
As mentioned, there's a Gutenberg Bible here as well… It's funny that my parent had just spent a week out in Southern California and were bragging how they'd seen one at the Henry E. Huntington Library in San Marino. Too bad for them that what they saw was an imperfect bible. Ha! The Beinecke has one of only 5 perfect editions known to exist in the USA. (There are only 48 worldwide, both perfect and imperfect.) Note that stinkin' Harvard got their paws on a perfect edition too… But Princeton settled for an imperfect.
As we finished up, a little tour group of new or prospective students were doing their thing and the kids looked more bored than I am watching Elmo with my son for the 400th time. So I took a picture of a few of them just to annoy them for no particular reason:
The big exhibit on display now is “Starry Messenger: Observing the Heavens in the Age of Galileo,” which looks pretty cool.
Lastly, the Beinecke is/was part of a great “museum” a Yale grad student created a decade ago. It is/was called the Urban Museum of Modern Architecture and is/was a cool idea. I keep using “is/was” because all these buildings still exist, only the brochure has disappeared. I hope to contact that grad student to get a copy of one, because I want to keep that “museum” alive.
…………………………………………………….
Back to Top
Cost: Free
Hours: Mon-Thu 8:30-8; Fri 8:30-5; Sat 10-5
Food & Drink? Splurge a little at the awesome Ibiza nearby
Children? Not recommended
You'll like it if: You're a nerd. Like me.
You won't like it if: You thought it was Steve Gutenberg's bible
Freebies: Probably the nicest brochure/booklet yet
For the Curious:
Beinecke Library
Alchemy stuff
Gutenberg Bibles
CTMQ's visit to another Yale Library museum
MANCHESTER, N.H. -- John Kasich is staking his entire campaign on New Hampshire and perhaps for the first time this election cycle, he had the entire Granite State political world to himself this weekend - and was loving it.
Camped out there, Kasich waltzed his way through his 82nd, 83rd, 84th, 85th, and 86th town halls in the state Saturday and Sunday. While New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie and Former Florida Gov. Jeb Bush -- two Republican governors also focused on surpassing expectations in New Hampshire -- were rolling the dice on Iowa, Kasich seized the moment to cement his status as the true candidate of the New Hampshire establishment.
The Ohio governor is within sight of a second-place finish in New Hampshire, behind Donald Trump, competing with Cruz for second place and just slightly ahead of Bush, and Florida Sen. Marco Rubio.
Getting a three day head start in the "other" first in the nation voting state, Kasich made five stops in which he spoke highly and frequently of his recent endorsement by The New York Times.
Perhaps the first Republican to hug and kiss an endorsement from that newspaper, Kasich thanked it repeatedly and honed in on one sentence in particular. "And Mr. Kasich is no moderate," the editorial read. "As governor, he's gone after public-sector unions, fought to limit abortion rights and opposed same-sex marriage."
John Kasich: Maybe we can win in New Hampshire
Kasich also received the endorsement of the Boston Globe and "seven out of eight newspapers in New Hampshire," per his own count. He emphasized the endorsements to voters with the same empathetic finesse he weaves into other centrist pitches that can be unpopular with conservatives.
"Then sir, yesterday, I got endorsed by The New York Times," Kasich told a crowd during a town hall in Salem on Sunday.
"A couple days ago, I was in my room, and I thought about all of this and I cried," he continued. "It's amazing to come from where I came from and have these wonderful things said about me."
Speaking to reporters after his Salem event, Kasich repeated that it "was a lovely editorial where they said, 'Kasich's certainly not a moderate but he knows how to get things done and bring people together.' I like that."
One reporter tweeted that Christie's camp did not even accept a meeting with the paper's editorial team that serves as a popular punching bag for Republicans on the trail.
The New Jersey governor's team later circulated an email with the subhead: "The New York Times' Endorsement Further Proves That John Kasich Is A Liberal's Idea Of What A Good Republican Should Look Like." And earlier this week, America Future Fund, a conservative Super PAC, released an ad branding Kasich as "an Obama Republican," after highlighting his support of Common Core, Medicaid expansion and tax increases.
When he wasn't being asked about The New York Times, the self-proclaimed "Prince of Light and Hope," who has pitched himself as an optimistic consensus builder determined to keep his moral high ground by running a positive campaign, was questioned about his campaign's own dabblings in negative approaches.
On Friday in Manchester, the Bush and Kasich New Hampshire teams clashed after the Kasich campaign gathered for a news conference outside Bush's Manchester office, with Kasich's team protesting it called the pro-Bush Super PAC's mud-slinging campaign tactics, holding up signs that read, "Stop Lying Jeb."
Kasich seems to have a reserve of venom for Bush and Right to Rise, veering from a discussion in Plymouth earlier in January about the heroin epidemic to note that, "Jeb, Mr. 'I-play-on-the-high-ground' -- he's bringing his negativity and his trash."
Literature that Kasich staffers pass around to voters at town halls features a page that reads, "Jeb Bush Can't Buy Momentum Like This."
In Keene Saturday, Kasich told reporters he'd stick to his positive message, but defended his campaign's attacks.
"You want to come after me, O.K., well, we're not going to sit back and take it," he said.
"I'm a McKees Rocks boy -- you know -- if you come into our town and beat us in football, you know, we'll break all the windows on your bus. That's just the way it works."
In response to yet another attack ad running in Iowa from the same pro-Bush Super PAC -- a state from which Kasich has been glaringly absent -- Kasich gleefully told reporters he was "surprised to see that they were worried about me in Iowa."
"Well, they got like a hundred and ten million dollars," Kasich said. "They've spent $40 or $50 million trying to sell Jeb in a positive way -- that didn't work. So now he's playing whack-a-mole. And he's just beating everybody that pops up. So I was totally amused to find out that I've spent $140,000 in Iowa and he's spent $40 million and they're beating me up in Iowa. Fantastic."
One name strikingly absent from Kasich's conversations over the weekend: Donald Trump.
Kasich is attempting to thread together a coalition of the same elusive voters the businessman is after: independents. The difference between the "independent" voters Kasich and Trump are attempting to woo, however, is seen in their differences on ideological voters. Trump is aiming for the non- ideological voters, while Kasich is attracting independents who "care about politics and don't like polarization but actually have a political ideology that is pretty well developed," Dante Scala, a political science professor from the University of New Hampshire, told CBS News in an interview.
Kasich has taken to telling audiences there are three lanes -- "the establishment lane, the anti-establishment lane, and then there's the Kasich Lane," going so far as to call himself an "independent guy" during a stop in Keene on Saturday.
"The Republican Party is my vehicle, but it has never been my master," he told the crowd.
However many of the voters in Bow on Sunday were still deciding among the three Republican governors.
Sarah O'Reilly, a Republican leaning Independent from Bow told CBS News that it's going to take the upcoming Republican debate and a lot of "prayer" for her to decide between Kasich, Bush and Christie.
"It's really hard, I wish I could say," O'Reilly said, before adding that an upswing in polling doesn't hurt. "When you think of someone in the lower tier and you then think, oh they can't win. It's discouraging. But with Kasich being kind of in 2nd in New Hampshire, it's good. I don't want to be like that though, I want to vote for who I'm going to vote for without the sway of polls."
SHARE
By of the
Madison — One of the few things Wisconsin Republicans and Democrats at the Capitol can agree on is the Green Bay Packers.
So, it's no surprise that Republican Gov. Scott Walker agreed to a request by Sen. Dave Hansen (D-Green Bay) to light the Capitol dome green and gold next week in the run-up to the Super Bowl.
In what Walker spokesman Cullen Werwie called a "a show of bipartisan support for the Packers," Walker will work on the plan with Sen. Fred Risser (D-Madison), chairman of the State Capitol and Executive Residents Board, which must approve it.
"The Packers displayed great character in overcoming significant injuries and obstacles to earn their opportunity to play in the Super Bowl," Hansen wrote in a letter to Walker on Monday.
The lights on the Capitol have been tinted with various colors in the past, such as pink to focus attention on breast cancer.
But the Packers can't necessarily bridge bipartisan differences with our neighbors to the south. Last week, Walker made a bet with Illinois Gov. Pat Quinn, a Democrat, on the outcome game of Sunday's game between the Packers and Chicago Bears.
The loser - Quinn -has to volunteer at a Wisconsin food pantry wearing a Packers jersey. Werwie said that was expected to happen in late February.
In 1915 a plan was circulated to begin an uprising in February of that year to throw off white rule. Ambitious, internationalist and bursting with the hopes of a submerged nation, the manifesto called for retaking the states of Texas, New Mexico, Arizona, Colorado and California, to proclaim them a separate Chican@ republic, to restore the indigenous peoples of that new land their sovereignty “so that they assist the revolutionary cause,” as well as pledging to seize a further six states for the allied black nation, that it might have a separate republic in north amerika.
The raids associated with the Plan de San Diego, named for the little town in occupied Texas from which it was allegedly formulated by the Supreme Revolutionary Congress there, destroyed millions in white property, and endangered white rule to such an extent that the Texas Rangers and u.$. army launched thereafter a suppression operation that killed anywhere between 300 to 5,000 people.
The proposed Liberation Army for Races & Peoples that the Plan called for did not truly materialize, but the soil from which it sought to shoot, “the Latin, the Negro, or the Japanese race[s],” outside which the local juntas were forbidden to recruit, showed its ambitious international character, as ambitious, surely, as the great Irish uprising the following year, or the Great October Socialist Revolution the year after that.
WHAT YOU CAN DO
Anti-Imperialism.org and the Revolutionary Anti-Imperialist Movement join MIM(Prisons) and United Struggle from Within in commemorating the Plan de San Diego throughout the month of August with film presentations and study groups dedicated to Chican@ struggle, Aztlán liberation, national liberation within the north amerikan empire generally, and especially reading groups and individual study surrounding the MIM(Prisons) study-group-produced Chican@ Power and the Struggle for Aztlan, available from Kersplebedeb.
We also encourage our readers to dedicate time this month, if they cannot stage events, study groups or viewings to raise consciousness, to sharpen their own understanding of the necessity for national liberation and anti-imperialism by reading at least one book on Chican@ history and struggle, viewing several documentaries, and especially purchasing Chican@ Power and the Struggle for Aztlan, if possible. For more suggestions on what to do in this auspicious month, see MIM's pamphlet on the Plan.
Readers can help commemorate the Plan de San Diego and support MIM(Prisons) and United Struggle from Within by sending stamps and other donations to:
MIM(Prisons)
PO Box 40799
San Francisco, CA 94140
One can also put in work transcribing prisoners' letters, articles and survey information for MIM, among other thankless work they do on behalf of the most oppressed in north amerika. To help out, go here.
Be sure to send Chican@ art and descriptions of what you did to commemorate the Plan by mail above, or to prisoncensorship.info to possibly be featured in Under Lock & Key.
HONG KONG (Reuters) - Chinese investors are stepping up their hunt for education assets overseas as more Chinese students seek access to Western educational resources at home or abroad.Private equity firm Citic Capital has submitted a bid for Study Group, according to two sources. Providence Equity Partners, a U.S.-based private equity group, is selling the Sydney-headquartered company, which provides language and preparatory courses for university students, for up to $1 billion, the sources said.
FILE PHOTO: Students clap while Chinese President Xi Jinping delivers a speech during a visit to Lincoln High School in Tacoma, Washington, September 23, 2015. REUTERS/David Ryder/File Photo
And Citic, in a consortium with Baring Private Equity Asia, is also nearing a deal to acquire Pearson Plc's (PSON.L) language learning business Wall Street English (WSE) for $350-400 million.
Citic Capital and Providence declined to comment.
Separately, Bright Scholar Education Holdings (BEDU.N), backed by Chinese property tycoon Yeung Kwok-keung, is among the bidders for U.S. child care provider Learning Care Group (LCG). The deal could value the business at up to $1.6 billion, Reuters reported last month.
The moves are triggered by the continued rise in Chinese students flocking to study in Western countries, and as the growing middle class in the world's second-largest economy looks for international-style education at home. This is also bolstered by a traditional Chinese view that providing the best education available is the biggest priority for any parent.
Investors, especially private equity firms, like education assets because they are cash-rich with stable income from prepaid tuitions and other fees, said a managing director at a Chinese private equity fund, who asked not to be identified.
“There is long-term visibility of the business. It's easy to understand,” he said.
TWO-CHILD POLICY
The latest deals, if successful, would significantly push up China's overseas investments in the sector.
China's global education push has also been reflected in a series of listings in recent weeks in New York by RISE Education, which offers English lessons for kids in China, pre-schooling provider RYB Education and Four Seasons Education which runs mathematics classes.
The number of Chinese students studying abroad totalled 544,500 in 2016, up 4 percent year-on-year and more than four times the number a decade ago, according to statistics from China's Ministry of Education.
Chinese students already make up the bulk of revenues for companies like Study Group and WSE, said Lin Feng, founder and chief executive officer at DealGlobe, a China-focused M&A advisory firm with offices in Shanghai and London.
During the past decade, the average disposable income of Chinese people has more than doubled, government statistics show. While families are already spending more on their children's schooling, China's decision in 2015 to allow people to have two children - ending 36 years of its “one-child policy” is expected to further boost demand for early and pre-school education.
Tapping the growth potential, Chinese investors, including companies, private equity firms and family offices, have snapped up education assets ranging from a pre-school education technology firm in Singapore, a professional training services provider in France and private schools in the UK, Thomson Reuters data show.
“This is really meeting the rigid demand from Chinese parents who care about kids' education the most,” said Hou Yi, an executive director at Chinese private equity firm CDH Investments focusing on education and consumer sectors.
CDH last December acquired a controlling stake in Singapore-based Ednovation Pte Ltd, a pre-school educational technology firm. China now accounts for about 80 percent of Ednovation's 2017 core earnings, up from 50 percent before the deal, Hou said, adding deals in the education sector will remain strong and active in the next three to five years.
DealGlobe's Feng said his clients were most interested in parents' efforts to upgrade their children's education, scouting for overseas high-end learning services including pre-school institutes and boarding schools.
Vocational training services in particular are expected to grow strongly even if the Chinese economy continues to slow down as more people will want to seek to learn new skills as their current jobs are displaced, Feng said.
“The first thing after an acquisition is to build up the Chinese market,” he said. “These overseas assets are not cheap, but domestic ones are even more expensive. Chinese firms can still find multiple arbitrage opportunities.”
The $350-400 million valuation of WSE would represent more than 15 times its earnings before interest, tax, depreciation and amortization (EBITDA), according to people close to the deal.
“Everything (for sale) is pricey these days and, when you have to spend money, you want to be in a defensive industry,” said Samson Lo, head of Asia M&A at UBS. “The education sector will do well in either a good or a bad economy. It is also a cash business and there is exponential growth in China.”
Still, China's overseas education investments have some way to go to catch up with the spending at home. In 2016, investors spent $2.5 billion on 50 acquisitions globally, of which only three deals were done overseas, according to Thomson Reuters data.
Despite the potential outbound surge in education deals this year, domestic deal volume in the sector - at $863 million - was still more than double the outbound amount as of the end of October.
This article is over 1 year old
Port Macquarie-Hastings council bows to community concerns and begins removing a whale it buried at Nobbys beach
A large excavator has started digging up an 18-tonne humpback whale that was buried at a mid-northern New South Wales beach a week ago.
The 12-metre whale died after being beached and its carcass was buried at Port Macquarie's Nobbys beach because it was too big to be moved.
Port Macquarie-Hastings council started the exhumation on Monday morning, with hopes to have the whale and any contaminated sand removed by the end of the day.
Carcass of 12-metre whale to be dug up from beach after outcry Read more
“We are using an excavator with big teeth on its bucket to actually cut the whale in pieces,” the council's development and environment director, Matt Rogers, said on Monday. “It's going as smoothly as expected.”
The council decided to remove the whale because of community concerns about heightened shark activity.
Within two days of being beached last Sunday, the carcass had attracted 21 great white shark movements, a spokesman for the Port Macquarie Marine Rescue service, Geoff Shelton, said.
Gabrielle Lyons (@gj_lyons) Chunks of whale being hauled up from Nobbys Beach in Port Macquarie! #zombiewhale @triplejHack pic.twitter.com/FC14VdVKfB
But Rogers said the council had not made a mistake in deciding to bury the whale and he did not agree it would attract sharks.
“There's no admission of mistakes being made,” he said. “[We] responded to concerns raised.”
The state government has paid $50,000 towards the exhumation process. Council workers and contractors are using a large excavator and 220-tonne crane to remove the whale in pieces.
After the carcass has been loaded into lined skip bins, a crane will lift it up the beach escarpment, from where it will be taken to a specially built cell at a nearby tip.
Nobbys beach will remain closed until the whale and any contaminated sand is removed.
Update: Paramount's animated feature Amusement Park is now scheduled to open on March 15, 2019 instead of Aug. 10, 2018 the previous release date announced by the studio at CinemaCon. Dylan Brown's directorial debut will now serve as counterprogramming to Universal's untitled Jordan Peele project on its new date.
In addition, the Melrose lot is taking their untitled Nickelodeon animated feature, originally slotted for March 22, 2019, off the calendar.
Previous, Jan. 26: Paramount is moving up its animated feature Amusement Park from March 22, 2019, to July 13, 2018.
Amusement Park marks the directorial debut of Pixar animator Dylan Brown and features a big-name voice cast that includes Matthew Broderick, Jennifer Garner, Jeffrey Tambor, Kenan Thompson, Ken Jeong, Mila Kunis and John Oliver. Given the lead time required for an animated movie, it's a really good sign when it moves up.
Amusement Park is the only major studio release on its new opening date, following in the wake of Disney/Marvel's Ant-Man and the Wasp on July 6. On its original date of March 22, Amusement Park was sharing real estate with Warner Bros' Godzilla 2
The Melrose lot also removed its untitled horror event in Imax from its April 28 release date.
Govt breaks free doctors visit promise to kids
Govt breaks free doctors visit promise to kids
The Government has already broken a key election promise by reneging on a pledge to make all doctors' visits for under 13 year olds free, the Green Party says.
Documents obtained by the Green Party show that the Government decided to fund only 90 percent of doctors' visits for children suffering from an injury in an attempt trim the cost of the so-called “free” visits.
“This makes a lie of the promise to provide free doctors' visits for all children under 13,” Green Party Health and ACC spokesperson Kevin Hague said.
“If one in ten kids have to pay up to $38 to go to the doctor when they have an accident, then that visit is not free and that's a broken promise. It begs the question: what other promises are the Government going to renege on this year in a bid to save a bit more money?
“This shows how desperate the Government is to reach a surplus that it's trying to pinch pennies from injured children.
“National Government ministers may not think a few dollars for a doctor's visit affects families, but parents know how these unexpected bills can hurt.
“The Government is now making excuses for why it should not provide free doctors' visits for all children, including saying that it will be only wealthy kids who'll have to pay, but that is not true. There is no means test.
“The truth is a promise has been broken and, as usual for the National Government, it's children who will pay the price,” Mr Hague said.
Link to the OIA showing ACC Minister opted to fund only 90 % of kids visits, to save money: https://www.greens.org.nz/sites/default/files/OIA%20doctors%20visits%20ACC.pdf
ends
© Scoop Media
BLACKBURN Rovers boss Paul Lambert has been given the green light by owners Venky's to bring in the New Year targets he has identified to give his squad the help he feels it needs.
Lambert has been working closely with his coaching team and head of recruitment Tommy Johnson to pinpoint the players he believes could make a difference.
But after watching Rovers go down to their second straight defeat at Bolton Wanderers on Monday he insisted he will not make signings for signings sake.
“The group needs help, there's no two ways about it,” said Lambert.
“They need a bit of help in a few areas in the team so that's what we'll try to do. Whether it can happen, we'll have to wait and see.
“The January market is a dangerous market and the other teams have got to want to let the players go.
“But we have been told we can go and try and make things happen.
“But what I don't want to do is bring in someone who isn't going to contribute or is going to find it hard to get into the side.
“We have to get players who are going to get into the team.”
Lambert will be able to pay fees for permanent and loan signings next month after Rovers' Financial Fair Play embargo was lifted.
But with the club determined to avoid going back under the embargo he will work almost entirely in the loan market during the January transfer window.
Lambert knows that will make his attempts to bolster his ranks a little harder.
But he has confirmed that he has already drawn up a shortlist of potential new recruits.
“We've spoken about certain guys,” said Lambert, speaking before the loss to Bolton which left Rovers 16th in the Championship.
“But the loan market is never an easy market to work in, especially January, because let's be honest, nobody wants to lose their best players in January. That's the reality of it.
“And I don't want to bring people in who can't make an impact in our team. I want to bring people who can make an impact. I don't want someone who is just going to come in and sit around and not really have a chance to stake a claim.
“But there are names that we have discussed and if we can get one or two in here it will certainly help us.”
Lambert won the Champions League with Borussia Dortmund and, after leaving Aston Villa in February, spent time watching a number of managers in the country where he enjoyed his greatest success as a player.
But for now he will not be returning to Germany to make signings.
Lambert said: “Not many German players come overseas. One or two do and I know QPR have got the lad from Union Berlin (Sebastian Polter) but there's not many who come over because the league they have over there is that strong.
“It's a market that I know pretty well but it's unlikely in January. But summer time you never know.
“One thing can help is that the mentality between German and British players is pretty similar.
“We'll have to wait and see what transpires.”
An ELB organ with a modesty panel.
A modesty panel is a thin board of wood or metal that is attached to the front of a desk, drafting table, electronic organ, or similar item. It is intended to shield legs, ankles, or feet from view in a variety of circumstances. The panel provides privacy for the person seated at the desk or organ, as it covers the upper part of the legs. This privacy role is particularly useful in cases where the desk or organ is positioned in front of a class or hall. The modesty panel provides structural support for the four legs of the desk or organ, and it may also be used as a place for affixing electric cabling, computer cabling, or electrical extension boxes.
Early modesty panels were often used in Quaker meeting houses and other churches of the eighteenth and nineteenth centuries, growing in popularity during the Victorian era. Modesty panels might be found running up the sides of stairways to discourage passers-by from looking up females' dresses. They were also added to the sides of church organs, which served to shield the musician's feet and legs from the congregation's view as she played the organ's pedals. Later, as women began to enter the secretarial force in large numbers during the twentieth century, modesty panels were added to office desks.
WASHINGTON -- To get a permit to carry a concealed weapon in New Jersey, a resident must show "justifiable need."
That's not the case in many other states, and New Jersey is one of only 10 states that won't honor concealed carry permits issued outside its borders. Legislation in Congress would require states to recognize concealed carry permits issued elsewhere, the same way they now accept out-of-state drivers' licenses.
The debate pits gun rights groups and their Republican allies against Democratic lawmakers, including those representing mass-shooting sites Newtown, Conn., and Orlando, along with law enforcement officers who say it will make them less safe.
Booker, Menendez join Senate filibuster
The concealed carry legislation already has 32 Senate Republican and 164 House GOP sponsors, including Rep. Tom MacArthur (R-3rd Dist.).
Another bill on the wish list of gun rights supporters, which would rescind a $200 tax on gun silencers, has the support of nine Republicans in the Senate and 114 Republicans in the House.
Already, Trump has signed Republican-sponsored legislation stopping the Social Security Administration from reporting to the database used for background checks the names of any recipients mentally incapable of handling their own affairs.
Both the president and congressional Republicans received strong support from gun rights groups, most notably the National Rifle Association, which spent $53 million last year to elect GOP candidates, including more than $30 million on behalf of Trump, according to the Center for Responsive Politics, a Washington-based research group.
That has shifted the debate away from efforts to impose some limits on gun ownership; last year, Senate Democrats staged a filibuster and House Democrats held a sit-in to demand votes on legislation requiring background checks for all gun purchases and banning those on the terrorist watch list from buying weapons.
"We are here to speak out on what we believe, not to silence ourselves," said Rep. Bill Pascrell Jr. (D-9th Dist.). "You've got to speak up whether you're in the majority or minority."
Instead, Democrats and members of law enforcement found themselves playing defense in trying to block the concealed carry and silencer legislation, knowing that if the bills can clear Congress, Trump will sign them into law.
"We need laws that will strengthen, not weaken, our current gun safety laws," Passaic County Sheriff Chief William McCrary said.
Pascrell and Rep. Bonnie Watson Coleman (D-12th Dist.) joined fellow House Democrats and law enforcement officials on Capitol Hill earlier this week to call attention to the legislation.
Others participating included Reps. Esty, whose Connecticut district includes Newtown, where 20 elementary school children were killed in 2012, and Val Demings of Florida, a former police chief in Orlando where 49 people were shot to death in a gay night club in 2016.
"These bills are not only horrible, they are scary," Watson Coleman said. "They make our communities less safe."
MacArthur, the only New Jersey lawmaker supporting the concealed carry bill, said gun owners shouldn't have to fear arrest when they cross state lines.
He said gun owners still would have to comply with the rules of the state they lived in, not avoid more stringent requirements by seeking a permit in a state with rules that are more lax.
"You just can't shop a state," MacArthur said. "You have to live in the state. It's not different than a driver's license."
He cited the case of Shaneen Allen, a single mother of two and gun owner from Pennsylvania who was arrested in October 2013 for carrying a concealed weapon into New Jersey. She did not have the gun unloaded and locked in the car trunk when stopped by police for an unsafe lane change.
She was arrested and spent 40 days in jail before making bail, and at one point faced a prison term of three to five years. Gov. Chris Christie pardoned her in April 2015.
"These people should not lose this right once they cross a state border," said Alexander P. Roubian, president of the New Jersey Second Amendment Society. "However, what does occur is millions of Americans use a firearm for self defense every year and protect themselves and their loved ones against violent criminals who could care less about the laws.
The silencer bill may be of even greater concern to police officers, who said they may not be able to hear where shots originate.
"If we hear the sound of gunfire, we direct our attention to where the sound is coming from," said retired Trenton Police Sgt. Luddie Austin, whose own son was shot to death.
Roubian said such silencers already are legal and the legislation merely removes the $200 tax levied on them.
"What is next?" he asked. "They will try ban mufflers on car and make the argument that suppressed cars provide criminals an easier opportunity to flee a scene?"
Jonathan D. Salant may be reached at jsalant@njadvancemedia.com. Follow him on Twitter @JDSalant or on Facebook. Find NJ.com Politics on Facebook.
Source: Apple
Geekbench
In Geekbench, the iPhone 6s Plus performed second only to Samsung's newest Galaxy models in multi-core performance and beat the iPhone 6 Plus by more than 50 percent. Switching our attention the single-core numbers, the iPhone 6s Plus scored significantly higher than every other smartphone. What's surprising here is that Samsung's octal-core Exynos chips in the Galaxy S6 line aren't that far ahead of the A9's dual core arch. The Apple A9 appears to be doing significantly more work with fewer cores. SunSpider
In SunSpider, which is a JavaScript processing benchmark (indicative of web rendering performance on the CPU, rather than GPU), the iPhone 6s Plus took the top spot in convincing fashion.
GFXBench 3.0
To level the playing field in GFXBench's fill rate test, we use the 1080p offscreen option so that scores aren't influenced by varying resolutions. This test shows simple raw fill rate, which is the number of pixels the GPU can write to memory per second. At a glance, you'll notice the iPhone 6s Plus trailing a handful of devices from a few different manufacturers. There's room for improvement here, but if you look closer, you'll see the iPhone 6s Plus with its A9 chip is more than 76 percent faster than the iPhone 6 Plus with its A8 engine. Good stuff. And as you'll see, fill rate doesn't always translate to the same performance curve in all graphics workloads.
3DMark
There's no doubt about it, the GPU inside the A9 has some serious horsepower. It pushed over 220 fps in the GT1 test and stretched our graph out.
Stay Tuned
If you haven't done so already, be sure to bookmark HotHardware.com and check back often. We'll have more performance benchmarks and plenty of analysis in our full review.
There's a lot more to the iPhone 6s Plus than what we've just shared. Though it's an incremental step in the ongoing evolution of the iPhone, the 6s Plus sports some fancy new tricks, like Live Photos, an improved camera, and 3D Touch. It might also (unofficially) be waterproof If you haven't done so already, be sure to bookmarkand check back often. We'll have more performance benchmarks and plenty of analysis in our full review. Here again the iPhone 6s Plus leads the pack with the highest overall Ice Storm and Graphics scores. Its physics performance couldn't quite keep pace with the front runners, though it isn't bad in and of itself. Clearly Apple put a high priority on graphics performance. The iPhone 6s Plus tamed GFXBench's T. rex to the tune of 79.9 frames per second, which is around 80 percent faster than its predecessor. It's also a full 20+ fps faster than Samsung's Galaxy S6, S6 Edge, S6 Edge+ , and Galaxy Note 5 handsets.
Underneath the hood of Apple's new iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus models is a new custom designed System-on-Chip (SoC) that Apple has dubbed its A9 processor. It's a 64-bit chip that, according to Apple, is the most advanced ever built for any smartphone, and that's just one of many claims coming out of Cupertino.Apple is also claiming a level of gaming performance on par with dedicated game consoles and with a graphics engine that's 90 percent faster than the previous generation. For compute chores, Apple says the A9 chip improves overall CPU performance by up to 70 percent. These performance promises come without divulging too much about the physical makeup of the A9, though Apple did say it's using a new transistor architecture that's optimized for real-world use.There are some educated assumptions floating around. According to the teardown geeks at Chipworks, the A9 chip likely contains a dual-core CPU and six-core GPU flanked by 8MB of L3 cache (up from 4MB in the A8) and 3MB of shared L2 cache.Good luck getting Apple to confirm or deny any of those specs. One of the few technical details Apple has been willing to share is that the M9 motion coprocessor is integrated directly into the A9 chip. Apple also acknowledged bumping the amount of RAM up to 2GB in the new iPhone 6s models.Technical specs aside, does it live up to the hype? It just so happens we have an iPhone 6s Plus 64GB model in-house that we're in the process of evaluating. We've had time to run some preliminary benchmarks, which we've decided to share ahead of a full review.
Housing and Urban Development (HUD) Secretary Julián Castro violated a law that prohibits federal employees from making personal political statements while appearing in an official capacity, according to a new report.
The U.S. Office of Special Counsel (OSC) released a report on Monday concluding that Castro, considered a possible running mate for presumptive Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton Hillary Diane Rodham ClintonSanders: 'I fully expect' fair treatment by DNC in 2020 after 'not quite even handed' 2016 primary Sanders: 'Damn right' I'll make the large corporations pay 'fair share of taxes' Former Sanders campaign spokesman: Clinton staff are 'biggest a--holes in American politics' MORE, violated the Hatch Act during a Yahoo News interview with Katie Couric on April 4 by sharing his views of the presidential candidates.
ADVERTISEMENT
“Secretary Castro's statements during the interview impermissibly mixed his personal political views with official agency business, despite his efforts to clarify that some answers were being given in his personal capacity,” the OSC report said.
The 41-year-old, who has been a rising Democratic star since his rousing speech at the 2012 Democratic National Convention, sat down with Clinton last week in Washington as she narrows her search for a running mate.
Federal employees are allowed to make political remarks when speaking in their personal capacity, but not when using their official title or when speaking about agency business.
During the interview, Castro discussed HUD programs, professed his support for Clinton and called presumptive GOP nominee Donald Trump Donald John TrumpHouse committee believes it has evidence Trump requested putting ally in charge of Cohen probe: report Vietnamese airline takes steps to open flights to US on sidelines of Trump-Kim summit Manafort's attorneys say he should get less than 10 years in prison MORE unprepared to be president.
Castro spoke to Couric in HUD's broadcast studio in Washington with the official HUD seal visible behind him.
The OSC report noted that Castro stated that he never intended to violate, or to be perceived as violating, any federal law.
At one point, Castro said: "Now taking off my HUD hat for a second and just speaking individually, it is very clear that Hillary Clinton is the most experienced, thoughtful and prepared candidate for president that we have this year.”
He touted her accomplishments as secretary of State, and then criticized the Republican Party's candidates for the White House, the report said.
Castro acknowledged that his segue from a personal to a professional capacity wasn't clear.
"My aim was to make clear to anyone viewing the broadcast that, when answering those direct questions regarding candidates, I was not acting in my official capacity," he said in the report.
"I now have watched the recording of the interview and appreciate that, while my intention was to avoid any blurring of roles and make clear that I was not speaking as a representative of HUD, that fact may not have been obvious to viewers."
Castro wrote in his letter to the independent federal agency, "When an error is made — even an inadvertent one — the error should be acknowledged.
"Although it was not my intent, I made one here."
He added: "I now understand that the mixed-topic interview, even with a proviso, is problematic."
The report and Castro's response were sent to President Obama on Monday, the OSC said.
The OSC said it conducted an investigation after receiving a complaint about the interview but didn't shed light on who noted Castro's mistake.
Because Castro acknowledged the mistake, no additional action is expected.
In 1949, Leo Strauss, the German-Jewish emigré, landed at The University of Chicago, where he spent decades teaching and writing on political philosophy, especially the political thought of the Ancients. Strauss' thinking skewed conservative, and if he was sometimes controversial while alive, he has become only more so in death (1973). Nowadays he's considered rightly or wrongly the "intellectual godfather of the neo-conservative political movement," if not an "intellectual force behind the Bush administration's plan to invade Iraq." Although Strauss commented occasionally on contemporary politics (Harper's has more on that), he spent most of his time working through major philosophical texts, and through his commentaries, developing his own philosophical positions, which were generally hostile to the Enlightenment project and modern individualism/liberalism.
Strauss was unquestionably an influential figure even if he still divides us, and now, courtesy of U. Chicago, you can listen to 15 of his philosophy seminars online. They were recorded between 1959 and 1973, and some representative titles include Montesquieu's The Spirit of the Laws (a course that Paul Wolfowitz took during the early 70s), Nietzsche's Beyond Good and Evil, Hobbes' Leviathan, and Hegel's The Philosophy of History.
More seminars will be coming online. For now, we have catalogued all 15 existing seminars in the Philosophy section of our big collection of 1100 Free Online Courses.
Related Content:
Walter Kaufmann's Lectures on Nietzsche, Kierkegaard and Sartre (1960)
Philosophy with John Searle: Three Free Courses
Existentialism with Hubert Dreyfus: Four Free Philosophy Courses
All but two players for SeatStory Cup 4 confirmed
Winner of SSC3: Orange
The popular event will happen for the fourth time in Krefeld, Germany, this coming weekend: November 12th to 15th.
Alongside the Viagame Housecup, SeatStory Cup is one of the two big Hearthstone events which regularly happen in a very laid-back environment, compared to for example the DreamHack circuit, and thus are very well received among the community. The first three iterations all featured very noticeable players as eventual champions: Cong "StrifeCro" Shu, considered one of the best players in the world, Janne "Savjz" Mikkonen, spearhead of Team Liquid, and Jon "Orange" Westberg, one of the biggest newcomers of 2015.
Also, the final of SeatStory Cup 3 paired Orange up against a fellow Swede called Sebastian "Ostkaka" Engwall. If you've been sleeping under a rock - the latter became the second Hearthstone world champion just this very last Sunday and made his first big showing at SSC3. Alongside Orange, he will also return to the tournament which brought him a lot of success.
So far, 22 players have been confirmed for the event. This number is expected to eventually rise to 32 players, similar to the last iterations of the tournament. The prizepool will once again be $20,000.
Confirmed players:
Aleš "Alesh" Hemer
Sebastian "Xixo" Bentert
Jan "Ek0p" Palys
Petar "Gaara" Stevanovic
Tim "Theude" Bergmann
Jan "SuperJJ" Janssen
Thijs "ThijsNL" Molendijk
Christoffer "Asmodai" Stub
Jakub "Lothar" Szygulski
Marcin "Gnimsh" Filipowicz
Dima "RDU" Radu
Jung-Soo "Surrender" Kim
Jon "Orange" Westberg
Jeffrey "Sjow" Brusi
Sebastian "Ostkaka" Engwall
Harald "Powder" Gimre
Gareth "Cipher" Rouse
Paul "Zalae" Nemeth
James "Firebat" Kostesich
Drew "Tidesoftime" Biessener
Ryan "Ryzen" Liberian Laguardian
[Update] Nine other players have been confirmed, you can find the new additions below. Unfortunately, Andrey "Reynad" Yanyuk had to give up his tournament spot, so there are two participants left who have yet to be confirmed.
New confirmed players:
Ryan "Purple" Murphy-Root
Haiyun "Eloise" Tang
Stanislav Cifka
Bertrand "Elky" Grospellier
Jökull "Kaldi" Jóhannsson
Nuno "Ignite" Pinho
Martin "MartinCreek" Bäcklund
Jesper "Freakeh" Eriksson
Byron "Reckful" Bernstein
Media playback is not supported on this device Beckham 'excited' at joining PSG
David Beckham's move to French Ligue 1 side Paris St-Germain was the biggest coup on January transfer deadline day.
The 37-year-old former England captain signed a five-month contract and is donating his salary to charity.
AC Milan sealed the signing of Mario Balotelli from Manchester City for £19m while QPR broke the club record to sign centre-back Chris Samba for £12.5m.
Biggest moves on deadline day David Beckham - Paris St-Gemain (free)
Mario Balotelli - Man City to AC Milan (£19m)
Chris Samba - Anzhi to QPR (£12.5m)
Nacho Monreal - Malaga to Arsenal (£10m)
Danny Graham - Swansea to Sunderland (£5m)
Premier League clubs spent about £120m in January, said accountants Deloitte, double the total of January 2012.
But the figure was far short of the record level of £225m in January 2011, with three clubs - Queens Park Rangers, Liverpool and Newcastle - contributing more than 50% of the total outlay this year.
On a deadline day that saw £35m spent on transfer fees, former Anzhi Makhachkala and Blackburn defender Samba, 28, signed a four-and-a-half-year deal subject to international clearance.
He will join Harry Redknapp's side, with England international Jermaine Jenas also moving to QPR from Tottenham to team up with his former manager.
However, West Brom striker Peter Odemwingie was left embarrassed by what Redknapp called "crossed wires" as he travelled to west London in the belief he would join the Premier League's bottom team.
Despite Odemwingie's journey south, West Brom said he had "not been given permission to speak to QPR" and that the forward acted "wholly unprofessionally".
Redknapp said: "I think he felt like we were trying to sign him and the deal had been done but it hadn't. It was just unfortunate and I think the wires got crossed somewhere. It was a bit of a mistake."
Meanwhile, Arsenal signed Malaga left-back Nacho Monreal for about £10m as back-up for the injured Kieran Gibbs.
Sunderland completed the £5m signing of striker Danny Graham from Swansea City, while Everton paid £3m for Barnsley's 18-year-old defender John Stones, who has signed a five-and-a-half-year deal.
Elsewhere, Stoke City recruited England goalkeeper Jack Butland from Birmingham City for a fee rising to £3.5m, but the 19-year-old will go back to the financially hamstrung Championship club on loan for the rest of the season.
Norwich have signed striker Luciano Becchio from Leeds on a three-and-a-half-year contract, with forward Steve Morison heading to the Championship side in a swap deal.
And Fulham completed the loan signing of AC Milan midfielder Urby Emanuelson, 26, for the rest of the season.
In one of the more bizarre stories of the day, George Boyd's move from Peterborough to Nottingham Forest fell through because of a failed eye test.
Peterborough owner Darragh MacAnthony said on Twitter: "Apparently after playing 300 games in six and a half years, his vision isn't 20/20 so no deal. Total disgrace the whole thing."
Deloitte's Dan Jones said: "Premier League clubs have been relatively restrained in their player transfer fee spending, in spite of the upcoming uplift in their broadcasting revenues of between £20m and £30m each from next season.
"While the clubs' total spending was £120m, after taking into account transfer income, the Premier League clubs' net transfer spend was £70m."
The head of the Oregon Republican Party is looking to collect urine samples to aid scientists researching early symptoms of diseases.
Art Robinson, who has run for Congress twice and is also a scientist, mailed out requests for urine to about 42,000 addresses last week, according to the Register Guard.
“You may know me through my family's recent efforts to improve our representation in Congress,” Robinson wrote in his request for urine. “There is, however, something more that I hope you will help us with. Please consider giving my colleagues and me — a sample of your urine.”
Robinson said he wants people to send him the urine every six months, so he can track chemicals in it and hopefully the samples can be used to research the causes of degenerative diseases.
ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching! Visit Website
Being able to detect these diseases early often helps with prevention.
“We know that the effects are there for many years before the person knows he's sick,” Robinson said. “It would be nice to find it before he knows he's sick and fight the probability of illness.”
Robinson declined to disclose how many people have replied to his message, but he said he has received some replies from people who want to participate.
The letters he sent out ask citizens to fill out an information card. In turn, they will be mailed a urine sample kit.
ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching! Visit Website
ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching! Visit Website
Robinson said there is a possibility that he will run again for Congress, and that his research in urine will continue without him if he is elected.
He added that he is not worried about people thinking his requests for urine are odd and not wanting to send their urine to him.
“I won't see anything wrong with a guy collecting urine samples while sitting in Congress,” he said.
Source: The Register Guard
undefined
Amazon Posts 20% Revenue Growth, Stock Drops
Amazon.com and its Web Services unit grew in the fourth quarter of 2013 but not enough to please investors -- Amazon stock dropped 9.5%.
Deadly Downtime: The Worst Network Outages Of 2013 (Click image for larger view and for slideshow.)
Amazon reported its fourth-quarter results Thursday. Even though revenue grew 20% from a year earlier to $25.59 billion, its stock slumped in trading after the announcement.
Net income more than doubled to $239 million, or 51 cents per share, during the key holiday shopping quarter of October-December. The Wall Street analyst consensus in advance of the report had pegged earnings 74 cents per share on revenue of $26.05 billion.
The results appeared to trigger disappointment in Amazon investors, even though full-year revenue grew 22% to $74.45 billion. Operating costs grew at a slower rate of 10%, but Amazon's spending on its business went from $676 million in 2012 to $745 million in 2013. Amazon stock fell 9.5% in the aftermath of the announcement from its close of $403.01 the day before to $364.58.
To boost cashflow, Amazon is reportedly considering raising the price of Prime customer membership ($79 a year) by $20 or more. Prime customers get free shipping and other benefits. Comments left at some blogs worried that such a move would cost Amazon customers, but a minority maintained that Amazon has developed enough stickiness that it would be hard for Prime subscribers to give up their benefits because of a small price increase.
[Read how Amazon keeps margins tight: Amazon Cuts Cloud Storage Prices, Adds Server Instances.]
Amazon Web Services turned in a solid quarter. "Other" revenue (which is believed to be largely AWS), nearly doubled in 2013 over 2012 to $3.2 billion.
Jillian Mirani and Michael Barba, cloud practice analysts at Technology Business Research, wrote in a note that Amazon is "successfully executing" its strategy of taking marketshare as a public infrastructure service provider to the enterprise market. It is doing so by repeatedly adding to its technology stack with such things as Amazon Workspaces or cloud-based end-user virtual desktops, tools for application development, and value-added database systems.
On Feb. 1, AWS will cut prices for the 40th time since launching EC2 in 2006. It will drop Elastic Block Store pricing by 50%, and several server instance prices will be cut an average of 14%. Amazon is the market leader in the segment, according to Gartner. CEO Jeff Bezos seems determined to keep it that way, despite the parent company's thin margins.
Private clouds are moving rapidly from concept to production. But some fears about expertise and integration still linger. Also in the Private Clouds Step Up issue of InformationWeek: The public cloud and the steam engine have more in common than you might think (free registration required).
Charles Babcock is an editor-at-large for InformationWeek and author of Management Strategies for the Cloud Revolution, a McGraw-Hill book. He is the former editor-in-chief of Digital News, former software editor of Computerworld and former technology editor of Interactive ... View Full Bio
We welcome your comments on this topic on our social media channels, or [contact us directly] with questions about the site.
Advertisement
For decades, amputees have been able to open and close prosthetic hands by twitching muscles and activating a superficial electromyogram (sEMG), but they had no way of feeling what the prosthetic was encountering and little control over the strength of their grasping grip. It was a clunky, incomplete solution.
But recently, an amputee who allowed European researchers to plug electrodes into a bundle of his wrist nerves was able to control the strength of a prosthetic hand's grip and to distinguish the shapes and stiffness of three kinds of objects. The 30-day trial marks a success for one of several new experimental ways of giving amputees a better sense of touch and control over their prosthetics. A different group has conveyed sensations of temperature and vibrations by moving arm nerves into intact muscles of the chest, which act as biological amplifiers of the nerves' tiny signals. Another team tapped into nerves in the lower spine of cats to control their limbs. The Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency, is also seeking to improve sensation and control of its advanced prosthetics.
In the latest trial, appearing in Science Translational Medicine today, biomedical engineer Silvestro Micera of the Swiss Federal Institute of Technology in Lausanne (EPFL) and a large team surgically attached electrodes from a robotic hand to a 36-year-old volunteer's median and ulnar nerves. Those nerves carry sensations that correspond with the volunteer's index finger and thumb, and with his pinky finger and the edge of his hand, respectively. The volunteer controlled the prosthetic with small muscle movements detected by sEMG, a method that dates to the 1970s and measures electrical signals through the skin—unlike the electrodes attached to his nerves, sEMG is not invasive.
"They make an important contribution to show that direct electrical feedback through the peripheral nerve is important for improved control of a prosthetic hand," says biomedical engineer Dustin Tyler of Case Western Reserve University in Cleveland, Ohio, who is working on other neural prosthetics.
Over the course of seven days, Micera's team asked the volunteer to grasp something with a light grip, a medium grip, and a hard grip. They also asked him to evaluate the shape and stiffness of three kinds of objects. During the 710 tests the volunteer completed, he wore a blindfold and earphones so that he could not use his vision or sound to guide the prosthetic. The researchers also sometimes turned off the sensory feedback to test whether he was just using time to modulate his grip.
The volunteer was able to complete the requested tasks with his prosthetic thumb and index finger 67 percent of the time the first day and 93 percent of the time by the seventh day of the experiment, Micera and colleagues report. He found the pinky finger harder to control: he was only able to accomplish the requested grip 83 percent of the time by the end of the experiment. In both the grip strength tests and in detecting the stiffness of objects, the volunteer made mistakes with the medium setting and object, but he never confused the softest and hardest objects. The ability to modulate his grip strength is this study's main progress over previous work by the same group (as covered in a 2010 Discovery News video and 2014 EPFL video.)
Case Western's Tyler and his colleagues take a different approach: they wrap the median and ulnar nerves, together with the radial nerve, in a cuff. That makes it less invasive, which is beneficial for long-term implants, but may be less precise. Late last year, Tyler's team completed an 18-month trial, as reported Technology Review, and their study is now undergoing peer review. The cuff electrode, which slowly presses the enclosed bundle of nerves until even the inner fibers are available for contact with electrodes, even managed to convey texture sensations. "The human hand is capable of many different sensory perceptions," says Tyler, and he and other groups are trying to convey as many of those as possible.
Biomedical engineering doctoral student Max Ortiz of Chalmers University in Gothenburg, Sweden, who works on prosthetics attached to human bones, says that Micera's method offers promise for fine-tuning prosthetics control. The next step, say both Tyler and Ortiz, is to determine whether the more invasive electrode attachment can endure longer in a larger number of patients. If so, Ortiz says, "we would be happy to use them."
Photos: Patrizia Tocci/LifeHand 2
THE PROBLEM
CALL TO ACTION
EMAIL ADDRESSES
SAMPLE EMAIL MESSAGE
Dear Sir/Ma'am,
I email today to ask you to expedite the request to add Heathen to U.S. Army's official list of religious preferences available for a soldier's Enlisted Record Brief / Officers Record Brief (ERB/ORB). This request has been in process in one form or another for 6 years. That is an inordinate amount of time.
I am aware that the Department of Defense has a working group designated to make this process easier in the future. However, I truly believe that Heathen soldiers should not have to wait several more years for a bureaucratic system to be put in place before their faith tradition is recognized.
Heathen soldiers have honorably served in the U.S. military for many years, and many have left the service without ever having their faith recognized. They have faced discrimination and undue hardship in practicing their religious tradition.
This addition of this religious preference should be a simple process. Heathen soldiers have already jumped over every administrative hurdle placed before them.
Please add Heathen immediately to the religious preference list.
With respect,
PLEASE SHARE THIS POST
For six years, the Open Halls Project Working Group has worked for the addition of Ásatrú and Heathen to the U.S. Army's religious preference list as a faith option for soldiers.For six years, Heathen soldiers have accommodated every administrative obstacle that has stood between them and recognition of their religious tradition.Today, soldiers who follow the Old Way of Odin, Thor, Freya and the other Germanic gods and goddesses are still denied basic religious rights available to faiths that are recognized by the Army.Today, Heathen soldiers ask you to stand with them.to everyone who believes that religious freedom applies to all religious traditions.For service members belonging to non-traditional faiths within the predominantly Christian environment of the U.S. Army,These freedoms include the right to:• have time off for attending worship• hold religious services in one's own tradition• keep items or books connected with one's faith• when in large enough numbers, have a dedicated place of worshipThese are freedoms enjoyed, where possible, by every recognized faith in the military – but not for followers of Heathenry.Contrary to popular belief, military members do not give up their constitutional rights upon signing up. Service men and women do not forfeit their First Amendment rights. This leaves the problem that some of those who fight for our nation are being denied rights guaranteed by the Constitution that they swore to protect.Additional benefits of having Heathen added to the Army's religious preference list include:• ease of finding and connecting with other Heathens on post• taking another step towards appointment of Heathen chaplains• less need to prove legitimate reason for religious accommodation (including leave)• less hassle regarding religious issues for family members of deceased soldiersto the list of religious preferences available for a soldier's Enlisted Record Brief / Officers Record Brief (ERB/ORB). In July 2014, the Air Force led the way forward by successfully adding the preferences Ásatrú and Heathen to the list of religions recognized by the Air Force.We have been faced with constant challenges and years' worth of delays. In January of this year, we were led to believe that the Army would imminently approve the religious preferences.However,and that we were only waiting on the appropriate code for adding those preferences to a soldier's record,This left the campaign (and the soldiers represented) in a bureaucratic limbo The process to add our religious preference has taken far, far too long. This needs to be fixed, now.. Scroll down for email addresses and a sample message.Send this information to any and all friends, family and colleagues who support equal rights for all religious groups.Please let us know if you receive anything other than a respectful reply by contacting us at HeathenOpenHalls@gmail.comosd.afcb5120@mail.milaskhrc.army@us.army.milusarmy.pentagon.hqda-dcs-g-1.mbx.public-affairs-office@mail.milusarmy.pentagon.hqda-occh.mbx.chief-of-chaplains@mail.milFeel free to use this sample email message. Simply select the text below, copy it, then paste it into the body of your email.Don't forget to add your name at the bottom of your email message.If you choose to write your own message, please be firm but respectful.
Background
As you may know, I am the author and maintainer of the PHP League's CommonMark Markdown parser. This project has three primary goals:
Fully support the entire CommonMark spec. Match the behavior of the JS reference implementation. Be well-written and super-extensible so that others can add their own functionality.
This last goal is perhaps the most challenging, especially from a performance perspective. Other popular Markdown parsers are built using single classes with massive regex functions. As you can see from this benchmark, it makes them lightning fast:
Unfortunately, because of the tightly-coupled design and overall architecture, it's difficult (if not impossible) to extend these parsers with custom logic.
For the League's CommonMark parser, we chose to prioritize extensibility over performance. This led to a decoupled object-oriented design which users can easily and customize. This has enabled others to build their own integrations, extensions, and other custom projects.
The library's performance is still decent - the end user probably can't differentiate between 42ms and 2ms (you should be caching your rendered Markdown anyway). Nevertheless, we still wanted to optimize our parser as much as possible without compromising our primary goals. This blog post explains how we used Blackfire to do just that.
Profiling with Blackfire
Blackfire is a fantastic tool from the folks at SensioLabs. You simply attach it to any web or CLI request and get this awesome, easy-to-digest performance trace of your application's request. In this post, we'll be examining how Blackfire was used to identify and optimize two performance issues found in version 0.6.1 of the league/commonmark library.
Let's start by profiling the time it takes league/commonmark to parse the contents of the CommonMark spec document:
Later on we'll compare this benchmark to our changes in order to measure the performance improvements.
Quick side-note: Blackfire adds overhead while profiling things, so the execution times will always be much higher than usual. Focus on the relative percentage changes instead of the absolute "wall clock" times.
Optimization 1
Looking at our initial benchmark, you can easily see that inline parsing with InlineParserEngine::parse() accounts for a whopping 43.75% of the execution time. Clicking this method reveals more information about why this happens:
Here we see that InlineParserEngine::parse() is calling Cursor::getCharacter() 79,194 times - once for every single character in the Markdown text. Here's a partial (slightly-modified) excerpt of this method from 0.6.1:
public function parse(ContextInterface $context, Cursor $cursor) { // Iterate through every single character in the current line while (($character = $cursor->getCharacter()) !== null) { // Check to see whether this character is a special Markdown character // If so, let it try to parse this part of the string foreach ($matchingParsers as $parser) { if ($res = $parser->parse($context, $inlineParserContext)) { continue 2; } } // If no parser could handle this character, then it must be a plain text character // Add this character to the current line of text $lastInline->append($character); } }
Blackfire tells us that parse() is spending over 17% of its time checking every. single. character. one. at. a. time. But most of these 79,194 characters are plain text which don't need special handling! Let's optimize this.
Instead of adding a single character at the end of our loop, let's use a regex to capture as many non-special characters as we can:
public function parse(ContextInterface $context, Cursor $cursor) { // Iterate through every single character in the current line while (($character = $cursor->getCharacter()) !== null) { // Check to see whether this character is a special Markdown character // If so, let it try to parse this part of the string foreach ($matchingParsers as $parser) { if ($res = $parser->parse($context, $inlineParserContext)) { continue 2; } } // If no parser could handle this character, then it must be a plain text character // NEW: Attempt to match multiple non-special characters at once. // We use a dynamically-created regex which matches text from // the current position until it hits a special character. $text = $cursor->match($this->environment->getInlineParserCharacterRegex()); // Add the matching text to the current line of text $lastInline->append($character); } }
Once this change was made, I re-profiled the library using Blackfire:
Okay, things are looking a little better. But let's actually compare the two benchmarks using Blackfire's comparison tool to get a clearer picture of what changed:
This single change resulted in 48,118 fewer calls to that Cursor::getCharacter() method and an 11% overall performance boost! This is certainly helpful, but we can optimize inline parsing even further.
Optimization 2
According to the CommonMark spec:
A line break ... that is preceded by two or more spaces ... is parsed as a hard line break (rendered in HTML as a <br /> tag)
Because of this language, I originally had the NewlineParser stop and investigate every space and
character it encountered. Here's an example of what that original code looked like:
class NewlineParser extends AbstractInlineParser { public function getCharacters() { return array("
", " "); } public function parse(ContextInterface $context, InlineParserContext $inlineContext) { if ($m = $inlineContext->getCursor()->match('/^ *
/')) { if (strlen($m) > 2) { $inlineContext->getInlines()->add(new Newline(Newline::HARDBREAK)); return true; } elseif (strlen($m) > 0) { $inlineContext->getInlines()->add(new Newline(Newline::SOFTBREAK)); return true; } } return false; } }
Most of these spaces weren't special, and it was therefore wasteful to stop at each one and check them with a regex. You can easily see the performance impact in the original Blackfire profile:
I was shocked to see that 43.75% of the ENTIRE parsing process was figuring out whether 12,982 spaces and newlines should be converted to <br> elements. This was totally unacceptable, so I set out to optimize this.
Remember that the spec dictates that the sequence must end with a newline character (
). So, instead of stopping at every space character, let's just stop at newlines and see if the previous characters were spaces:
class NewlineParser extends AbstractInlineParser { public function getCharacters() { return array("
"); } public function parse(ContextInterface $context, InlineParserContext $inlineContext) { $inlineContext->getCursor()->advance(); // Check previous text for trailing spaces $spaces = 0; $lastInline = $inlineContext->getInlines()->last(); if ($lastInline && $lastInline instanceof Text) { // Count the number of spaces by using some `trim` logic $trimmed = rtrim($lastInline->getContent(), ' '); $spaces = strlen($lastInline->getContent()) - strlen($trimmed); } if ($spaces >= 2 ) { $inlineContext->getInlines()->add(new Newline(Newline::HARDBREAK)); } else { $inlineContext->getInlines()->add(new Newline(Newline::SOFTBREAK)); } return true; } }
With that modification in place, I re-profiled the application and saw the following results:
NewlineParser::parse() is now only called 1,704 times instead of 12,982 times (an 87% decrease)
is now only called 1,704 times instead of 12,982 times (an 87% decrease) General inline parsing time decreased by 61%
Overall parsing speed improved by 23%
Summary
Once both optimizations were implemented, I re-ran the league/commonmark benchmark tool to determine the real-world performance implications:
Before: 59ms After: 28ms
That's a whopping 52.5% performance boost from making two simple changes!
Being able to see the performance cost (in both execution time and number of function calls) was critical to identifying these performance hogs. I highly doubt these issues would've been noticed without having access to this performance data.
Profiling is absolutely critical to ensuring that your code runs fast and efficiently. If you don't already have a profiling tool then I highly recommend you check them out. My personal favorite happens to be Blackfire (which is "freemium"), but there other profiling tools out there too. All of them work slightly differently, so look around and find the one that works best for you and your team.
The world's biggest money managers can't help but weigh in on the never-ending saga of the investigation into whether members of the Trump campaign colluded with Russia during last year's election at this year's annual SALT Conference.
The world's biggest money managers can't help but weigh in on the never-ending saga of the investigation into whether members of the Trump campaign colluded with Russia during last year's election at this year's annual SALT Conference.
Typically dominated by high-level discussions on macro-economic and financial market trends, attendees are laser focused on the controversy and any potential impact it may have on Trump's economic agenda.
“This administration is dysfunctional” Jim Chanos, noted short seller and president of Kynikos Associates, said at a press conference on Thursday. Chanos, a lifetime Democrat and a vocal critic of Trump, slammed the president for the way the administration has handled the Russian investigation and went as far as to compare him to President Richard Nixon.
“When Richard Nixon got on the helicopter in '74, his approval ratings were higher than our current president” Chanos said.
“I hear people say ‘well nothing matters and people don't care' but that didn't prevent Nixon to resign and most of his cohorts going to prison,” Chanos continued.
Nixon was forced to resign after being impeached in 1974 when he was charged for obstruction of justice and abuse of power by Congressional lawmakers after the infamous Watergate break-in at the Democratic National Committee in Washington D.C. Gerald R. Ford was then sworn in as the 38th President of the United States.
As for Trump, the Department of Justice named former FBI Director Robert Mueller as special counsel to oversee the investigation into Trump's alleged ties to Russia. This after the New York Times reported that former FBI director James Comey wrote a memo that suggested the President may have pushed for him to move on from investigating former National Security Adviser Michael Flynn. That news hit the U.S. stock market which suffered its worst drop since the election on Wednesday. Stocks managed to recoup some of those losses on Thursday and continue to hover near record levels. Still, Chanos doesn't believe Trump is driving the positive sentiment.
“I think the markets are hoping Vice President Pence becomes the president so a more stable person can enact the Republican agenda because at the end of the day the markets are looking for tax cuts and lower regulations,” Chanos said.
The opposite side of Chanos is high profile, emerging markets fund manager, Mark Mobius. The global investor came to Trump's defense on Wednesday during a press conference when he insisted that the distracting issues within the White House are all a smokescreen and behind the scenes the President was fine tuning his economic policies.
“I got a feeling that there's a method to this madness,” Mobius, the manager at Franklin Templeton Investments, told FOX Business.
“By bringing up distracting information you're able then to get things done in congress. It's an odd way of thinking but the population is generally distracted with things like secret information being given to Russia. Then you can be talking to congress without the controversy surrounding whatever you want to do” he said.
Mobius was a supporter of Trump's in the run up to last year's election and was vocal about his belief in him during the 2016 Salt Conference when he called him “a great negotiator.”
Related Articles
Lisa Simpson, a vegan? 20,000 fans petition "Simpsons" writers to take "Lisa the vegetarian" to the next level Veganism is a movement in need of one animated second-grader to lead it to the masses
Fans of the "The Simpsons" are calling on the history-making animated series to do it once again -- petitioning writers to turn Lisa the vegetarian into Lisa the vegan.
In 1995, when the groundbreaking animated sitcom aired the episode "Lisa the Vegetarian," featuring Paul and Linda McCarthy, following the second graders' conversion to vegetarianism, it humorously highlighted animal rights and environmental issues in way that helped fuel wider acceptance of the lifestyle. Now, thousands of fans are hoping "Simpsons" writers can recreate the magic for veganism.
Advertisement:
“The Simpsons gets millions of viewers every episode, so it single handedly influences the cultural awareness of it's day," Matt Hanson, "Simpsons" fan and Care2 petition creator, said, explaining his petition calling on the cartoon writers to make Lisa Simpson a vegan.
"The Simpsons is the world's most popular animated sitcom. To have Lisa go vegan would be a very influential character arc that would spread awareness of veganism - a philosophy that at it's core attempts to make the world a better place," the petition, signed by more than 20,700 fans, reads.
Hanson, a 28-year-old longtime "Simpsons" fan and recent vegan convert, cited Lisa's journey to vegetarianism to argue that she is the best television ambassador for veganism. “I've read people testifying to the fact that Lisa was a major influence on them, or that she was a role model who helped them be the best person they could be when others around them were less supportive.
Read Hanson's full petition here. And watch a bit of the award-winning "Lisa the Vegetarian" episode below:
(Note: I deeply apologize for Monday evening's server issues. We are addressing the problem, and should have a permanent fix within place in 24 to 48 hours).
Houston will have one more sunny, hot day on Tuesday—with highs likely in the mid-90s again, and boy did Monday sure feel like summer out there—before our weather becomes affected by a tropical system in the Gulf of Mexico. That will therefore be the focus of today's post. Please also note that this is a dynamic forecast, and Houston could still see some fairly significant effects from this system based on some of the latest available model data.
Organization
The tropical disturbance appears to slowly be organizing this morning and nearing tropical storm status, but for the purposes of rainmaking, that doesn't really mean a whole lot. What we often see with storms in the Gulf of Mexico during this time of year, when wind shear is fairly high, is a struggle to get organized and then a strengthening just before landfall. If that happens with this system, I think we can expect a moderate tropical storm coming ashore on Thursday some time. The primary threat remains heavy rainfall.
Track
So where is it going? A lot of the track models have shifted closer to the European model, which brings the storm to the upper Texas coast—between Corpus Christi and the Texas-Louisiana border—by Thursday morning or so. As we discussed Monday, the bulk of the rains with this system are well east of the center, so the significant rainfall totals are going to be east of wherever the system comes ashore.
Rainfall
As the best guess, this likely means parts of southeastern Louisiana and Mississippi could see 10 to 12 inches of rain on Wednesday and Thursday. Closer to home, rain totals are really going to depend on landfall location. If the European model is correct, a landfalling storm just south of the Houston area could bring 4 to 6 inches of rainfall to the Houston region beginning some time on Wednesday and running through Thursday (these would be mostly manageable totals, but still very wet days). If the final track is closer to Beaumont—currently favored by the National Hurricane Center—then the Houston area may only see 1 to 2 inches of rainfall, if any at all. Bottom line: This tropical system remains a close call for Houston.
Winds
These will, again, be highly dependent upon the final track. But if the storm comes ashore along the upper Texas coast as I expect, we can expect some blustery days on Wednesday and Thursday, with gusts in the 20s and perhaps 30s along the coast. If the storm strengthens, those values could rise a little bit higher, but I'm not overly concerned about the prospect of wind damage at this time. Should the storm make landfall in Louisiana we'll still see some winds blowing out of the north, but nothing too significant.
We will update as warranted today.
Posted at 7am CT on Tuesday by Eric
The New England Patriots could try to replace running back Shane Vereen's production with a speedy wide receiver.
The New York Jets cut Percy Harvin on Tuesday, and NFL Media's Ian Rapoport reported there's a “good chance” he'll land with the Patriots. Harvin has bounced around the NFL over the past three seasons, from the Minnesota Vikings to the Seattle Seahawks to the Jets.
Harvin caught 51 passes for 483 yards and one touchdown last season, split between the Seahawks and Jets. He also ran the ball 33 times for 202 yards with another TD.
The Patriots lost Vereen to the New York Giants via free agency. They reportedly have looked into signing pass-catching backs Reggie Bush and Roy Helu.
UPDATE (8:37 p.m.): Harvin will make his first free-agent visit, but it won't be to New England. Multiple reports have Harvin going to Buffalo to chat with the Bills.
Thumbnail photo via Jim Brown/USA TODAY Sports Images
After spending a couple of years in relative obscurity, 4K is finally hitting the mainstream, and with it a whole mess of consumer confusion is starting to emerge.
Chief amongst them is confusion about HDMI cables, fuelled in part by an industry that's absolutely willing to charge people through the nose for cables that are no better than what you can buy off Amazon for a pittance .
Read more: Scuf Vantage
So let's make one thing perfectly clear, if your current HDMI cables are able to transfer 1080p content, then they'll be able to handle 4K at 60fps, and there's no need to upgrade.
In fact, the official HDMI website confirms as much.
This is because if your cables can handle 1080p then they're what's known as ‘high-speed' HDMI cables, as opposed to ‘standard-speed' HDMI cables which can only handle up to 1080i signals.
Don't go buying a load of expensive HDMI cables, it's not worth your time, and it's definitely not worth your money.
What went wrong?
Back when the world still revolved around SCART and Composite video we didn't have problems like this.
This was because there was one version of each port, and when additional functionality was required, a new port emerged to handle it. There was no jump from HDMI 1.4 to 2.0, instead we jumped from Composite to Component .
You didn't have to worry about cables not working to their full potential, because if they weren't right for the job then they wouldn't fit in the port in the first place.
Make no mistake; In the grand scheme of things the jump to HDMI has been an overwhelmingly good thing.
Rather than having a dizzying array of different connectors on the back of your TV, you just have one that's compact and well designed. There are no delicate pins that can break, and if more functionality is required, then the HDMI standard can be upgraded to accommodate it without having to change the physical port.
This means that there are multiple versions of HDMI ports, not cables, that exist. There are HDMI 1.4 ports (which can handle 4K video, but only at 24 frames per second), and then there are HDMI 2.0 ports (which can do 4K at a full 60 frames per second).
It's the same confusion that plagues USB standards, where there are now a variety of different USB ports that can handle different data transfer speeds and can provide different levels of power to your charging devices.
Although there are multiple different types of HDMI ports, what this doesn't mean is that there are different versions of HDMI cables to go along with them.
But these different standards are only half the story. The other side of the problem is the way companies are feeding this confusion.
At best they're doing this through well-meaning but misleading certification programs, and at worst they're actively recommending people spend more money than they need to on cables that are functionally identical to their cheaper alternatives.
This FAQ from Sony is exactly the kind of misleading information that the industry doesn't need right now.
Check out the answer to these two questions in particular:
"Q: What video output settings does PS4 Pro support?
A: At launch, PS4 Pro supports all of the HD video output settings found on the standard PS4. Notably, PS4 Pro introduces 4K output, with settings for both 2160p YUV420 and 2160p RGB (recommended if your TV supports it) at up to 60 frames per second when using a supported 4K TV and Premium HDMI (aka HDMI 2.0) cable.
Q: Why do I need a Premium HDMI cable for using PS4 Pro on my 4K TV?
A: For maximum quality, you'll need a PS4 Pro system, a 4K TV with a Premium HDMI input port (often marked in blue), and a Premium HDMI cable. A Premium HDMI cable is included with PS4 Pro, but those who need to purchase a longer cable should remember to get one that meets the Premium HDMI spec.The newer Premium HDMI format can display a 4K signal at up to 60 frames per second (60Hz). Older High Speed HDMI cables (aka HDMI 1.4) can technically display a 4K signal on a 4K TV, but the performance will be limited to just 30 frames per second (30Hz)."
The second answer is particularly troubling, since it is categorically untrue that you need a ‘Premium HDMI cable' to view 4K at 60fps - your existing high-speed HDMI cables will work just fine.
This misinformation is unlikely to affect users who buy a PS4 Pro (since Sony will include a so-called Premium HDMI cable in the box), but it's actively feeding confusion in the marketplace that's simply unnecessary.
All a ‘Premium' HDMI cable is, is a cable that's been actively tested and certified to transfer content at 4K 60fps. This is an optional certification, and just because a company has paid money to get its cables certified, that doesn't mean that its cables are in any way superior.
The bottom line
The bottom line is this. HDMI cables are basically all the same , but company's don't like it when a marketplace gets like this, because it limits the ways they can make their products stand out from their competitors.
This is where these ridiculous claims start coming from, as companies desperately try and draw attention towards their (identical) products.
So don't rush out to replace all your perfectly good HDMI cables, but if you do need a new cable then prioritise getting something that's sturdy and well-made, rather than something that's ‘Premium' certified.
If you're interested, our top pick for an HDMI cable that ticks all these boxes, as well as being high-speed, is the following Amazon Basics cable. It won't let you down.
× Expand Paul Salvatori A photo the mayor's office doesn't want you to see.
Everything was fine, for the most part. I was 20 minutes or so into photographing Mayor John Tory's visit to Amesbury Park in North York on Canada Day when someone grabs my arm and orders me to stop.
I didn't see this person coming, nor did he immediately identify himself. I found out later he is the mayor's assistant. He told me I could not photograph the mayor eating. He was apologetic.
But when I wanted to know what grounds he had for his demand – especially given all the others photographing the mayor (mostly with their cell phones) – all he repeated was, “You're right.”
I reported the incident to the mayor's office by email and got a call back from Sophia Arvanitis. She apologized and explained that the mayor's assistant was simply enforcing their “rule” that photographers are prohibited from taking shots of the mayor eating.
Apparently, there's an understanding, a "convention" to be exact, among photographers who follow the mayor. She said the mayor's office would be sure to notify photographers of the prohibition at all future events so there's no confusion.
The implications of that, of course, are that the mayor's rule could be seen as an attempt at censorship. What will happen if a photographer refuses? Will the mayor's staff bully them until they stop? We were in a public place, after all. What reasonable expectation of privacy does someone like Tory have in a public situation?
This “rule” conjured the ridiculous image of the mayor being hounded by a photographer more eager than myself, trying to get a shot of him eating as he runs for cover. The mayor's office may be indirectly helping create the very situation they are seeking to avoid.
Except for a handful of articles I found online on how eating can be messy and seen as an “ugly” activity and so politicians should avoid being photographed doing it, the idea seems totally old-fashioned in the age of social media.
Media document everything politicians do these days. There's no shortage of shots of Obama, Trudeau, any big name politician really, photographed in a number of situations.
Depending on who you ask, you'll get very different responses about the “proper” circumstances to photograph politicians. All the major news publications publish photos that, from time to time, compromise the polished image politicians try to cultivate. But what constitutes being compromised is highly subjective.
I might, for example, view Tory eating as a human activity and actually endearing, while someone else might see it as disgusting. The mayor's assistant sought to ensure I photographed only the truth Tory wanted. Who's the authority in the end? Is there something inherently barbaric (or even phallic) about being photographed putting food in your mouth which might make it difficult to win votes?
Tory, perhaps like the classic Hollywood star, does not want to appear mortal. He is loath to remind others, if only through a simple photograph, that he requires sustenance. We are supposed to be content seeing him as a kind, affable leader, but never one so humble to break bread with us.
The irony of this is that eating brings people together, building trust and relationships in the process. Why would any democratic mayor shun that picture? In fact, I thought the mayor ate rather gracefully.
news@nowtoronto.com | @nowtoronto
Open letter signed by 80 experts in technology and data law argues for more public scrutiny over Google's handling of removal requests
Google must be more open on 'right to be forgotten', academics warn in letter
Google needs to be more transparent in the way it handles so-called “right to be forgotten” requests, with 80 leading academics writing an open letter that accuses the firm of developing its policies “in the dark”.
In the detailed and strongly worded four-page letter shared with the Guardian, experts in technology law, data protection and philosophy claim that releasing more information about the volume, character and classification of removal requests would benefit the public and help inform a wider global discussion on privacy and personal data.
Dear Google: open letter from 80 academics on 'right to be forgotten' Read more
“The public should be able to find out how digital platforms exercise their tremendous power over readily accessible information,” says the letter.
“Beyond anecdote, we know very little about what kind and quantity of information is being delisted from search results, what sources are being delisted and on what scale, what kinds of requests fail and in what proportion, and what are Google's guidelines in striking the balance between individual privacy and freedom of expression interests.”
The European Court of Justice ruled one year ago that Google is responsible for removing links to outdated, irrelevant or misrepresentative information on search results for individuals. Representing 90% of Europe's search engine market, Google has been the focus of the so-called “right to be forgotten” implementation.
Google responded by developing substantial processes and criteria internally for responding to requests, and established an independent advisory panel of legal and ethical experts that toured seven European cities on an evidence-gathering tour.
But it has released limited information on the 250,000 requests it says it has received, and academic specialists – including two members of Google's own advisory council – say that search engines have been left to decide how to determine complex judgments about the balance between personal privacy and access to information.
“The vast majority of these decisions face no public scrutiny, though they shape public discourse. What's more, the values at work in this process will/should inform information policy around the world. A fact-free debate about the RTBF is in no one's interest,” the letter says.
“We are not the only ones who want more transparency. Google's own Advisory Council on the RTBF in February 2015 recommended more transparency, as did the Article 29 Working Party in November 2014.
“[There are] few safeguards for the public interest in information access. Data protection authorities seem content to rely on search engines' application of the ruling's balancing test, citing low appeal rates as evidence that the balance is being appropriately struck. Of course, this statistic reveals no such thing.”
Google says it acknowledges some people want 'right to be forgotten' Read more
The letter cites Peter Fleischer, Google's global privacy counsel, who reportedly told a meeting of European data experts in May that Google was “building a rich program of jurisprudence on the [RTBF] decision”. The letter describes that process as “jurisprudence built in the dark”.
“The ruling effectively enlisted Google into partnership with European states in striking a balance between individual privacy and public discourse interests. The public deserves to know how the governing jurisprudence is developing. We hope that Google, and all search engines subject to the ruling, will open up.”
Signatories include Prof Ellen P Goodman from the Rutgers University School of Law, Paul Bernal from the University of East Anglia School of Law, and Ian Brown, professor of information security and privacy at the University of Oxford.
It was also signed by Peggy Valcke of the University of Leuven, one of 10 academics, regulators and executives on Google's advisory council. A second member, former German justice minister Sabine Leutheusser-Schnarrenberger, also said the letter has her full support, stating that more transparency and a detailed report was required.
Replying to a request for comment, a Google spokesperson said: “We launched a section of our transparency report on these removals within six months of the ruling because it was important to help the public understand the impact of the ruling.
“Our transparency report is always evolving and it's helpful to have feedback like this so we know what information the public would find useful. We will consider these ideas, weighing them against the various constraints within which we have to work –operationally and from a data protection standpoint.”
It's amazing the lengths to which pro-abortion advocates will go in order to defend Planned Parenthood from the indefensible. Nancy Pelosi is no exception, and in an interview with CNN, she attacked the Center for Medical Progress, calling their videos fake and saying she wants the pro-life group – and not Planned Parenthood – investigated. And what's truly shocking is that she says all of this while acknowledging that she hasn't actually watched the videos.
[youtube http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6cAFx_0SrvE&w=560&h=315]
I don't stipulate that these videos are real. And the fact is – the fact is, that, uh, the research that is being criticized, the research that has been supported. No, I haven't seen – I've seen some news reports on it, but I also know that some of it is not real. You can create any reality that you want. … And I think they should be investigated, as to how they attained those, and doctored those, and had them be accepted as something that was an indictment against Planned Parenthood, because that's not true.
There is no reason for Pelosi to call the videos fake, considering that the full, unedited footage of every single video was released. But then, she said herself that she hasn't seen them, yet she's willing to blast the Center for Medical Progress in defense of Planned Parenthood. It's enough to make one wonder if there is anything that Planned Parenthood could be caught doing on camera that would cause Pelosi to rescind her support. This isn't the first time Pelosi has demanded that the Center for Medical Progress be investigated, but at some point, she might want to take a few minutes to actually watch the videos so she can at least to pretend to know what she's talking about.
Pelosi definitely got one thing right: you can create any reality that you want. And that's exactly what she, along with Planned Parenthood's supporters, is doing. The truth is, there is a lot that Planned Parenthood has to answer for, and breaking multiple federal laws is just the tip of the iceberg. Unfortunately, they have plenty of congressional allies willing to stick their heads in the sand so they may remain ignorant of the facts of the situation, and continue to live in their own little created reality where Planned Parenthood is an organization devoted to doing good, as opposed to an evil, law-breaking abortion mill that is killing and then selling preborn babies to make a profit.
Louisiana's Department of Revenue will bring on accounting giant Ernst & Young as a consultant as it crafts a plan that would swap the state's income and corporate taxes in favor of a higher sales tax that could be levied on more purchases, department officials said. The firm, which could charge the state up to $180,000 for its services, is intended to provide "guidance, support, analysis and clarity" to the tax initiative, according to a solicitation the department sent to top consulting firms.
Tim Barfield, the department's executive counsel and Gov. Bobby Jindal's point man on the tax proposal, has said the administration would be contracting with a firm as it developed the plan. No public bid was held on the contract, though the department reached out to several firms to ask for proposals, department spokesman Doug Baker said.
Ernst & Young and Deloitte were the only two companies to submit proposals.
The firm's contract is now being checked by the state's Office of Contractual Review and is not yet available, Baker said.
The Department of Revenue's solicitation, which was sent in December, calls for the consultant to analyze the state's proposal for accuracy, check the assumptions used and provide a report on how it will affect various groups in the state. The report will also be used to determine whether the proposal meets the administration's goal of drafting a revenue-neutral plan, one that brings in as much money as the state's current tax system.
The contract will extend through the rest of the state's fiscal year, which ends on June 30.
Last month, Jindal announced in an emailed statement that he would be pushing to get rid of income and corporate taxes and franchise fees and move the state to a system supported by sales taxes.
Few details of the plan have been made public so far, but officials have said the final version of the proposal would include a combination of a higher sales taxes with fewer exemptions, new sales taxes on currently excluded purchases such as services and higher "sin taxes" on items like tobacco. Barfield has also suggested the administration will attempt to tie into pending federal legislation that could allow states to collect sales taxes on internet purchases.
Officials have said the proposal will not involve eliminating the sales tax exemptions on groceries, medicine and residential utilities as set forth in the state's Constitution and have also rejected the idea of imposing a state property tax.
Ernst & Young's proposal, which was provided by the Department of Revenue, cites previous tax analyses done for the California Commission on the 21st Century, the Ohio Business Roundtable and that state's Department of Taxation, and for state agencies in Michigan and Minnesota. The company also touts experience using regional models to estimate how tax changes will impact economic development.
The Ernst & Young proposal says the firm will be providing its services at half the standard hourly fee. Based on previous consulting jobs, the company estimates the total cost of the contract to be between $150,000 and $180,000, though the proposal notes the final cost of the project will depend on how much work it entails.
Deloitte's proposal estimated the contract would cost $30,000 to $40,000 a week, plus expenses.
Three American and three South Korean soldiers were recognized by senior military leaders Thursday for their roles in rescuing a North Korean defector who was shot multiple times while fleeing the country last week.
Video footage of the defector's daring escape — which shows him running across the border that divides the two countries while being pursued by North Korean soldiers — captured global attention when it was released Wednesday by the U.S. military command in South Korea.
The man made it to the South Korean side of the border before he collapsed from his wounds and was dragged to safety by U.S. and South Korean personnel.
"You were all in the range of North Korean fire," Gen. Kim Byeong-joo, deputy commander of the U.S.-South Korea Combined Forces Command, told the troops during a ceremony at Camp Bonifas. "It was a precarious situation . . . [and] a showcase of great leadership."
[Dramatic video shows North Korean soldier making a run for freedom]
The dramatic scene, which unfolded shortly before 4 p.m. on Nov. 13, occurred as tension among the three countries has soared in recent months, with the threat of conflict being driven by the often volatile exchanges between President Trump and North Korean leader Kim Jong-un.
Video taken Nov. 13 shows a North Korean defector running from a jeep at the Joint Security Area of the Korean demilitarized zone. (Handout/Epa-Efe/Rex/Shutterstock/Handout/Epa-Efe/Rex/Shutterstock)
In striking video footage of the escape, the defector can be seen driving a jeep through the demilitarized zone, the strip of heavily protected land that has long separated the two nations. After his vehicle became stuck in a ditch, the man jumped out and fled south on foot as four North Korean soldiers gave chase and opened fire on him.
Hit at least five times, he collapsed on the South Korean side of the Joint Security Area, the only place where North and South Korean soldiers directly face each other. Two soldiers from the joint command then crawled out to the man, while others in the unit monitored the situation.
In his remarks, Kim lauded the unit's officers for taking the lead during the rescue instead of sending in their subordinates. Gen. Vincent K. Brooks, who oversees U.S. Forces Korea and the Combined Forces Command, also credited the soldiers for de-
escalating an incident that "threatened the 64-year-old armistice."
U.S. Army Commendation Medals were awarded to Sgt. 1st Class Noh Yeong Soo, Sgt. 1st Class Song Seoung Hyeon, Sgt. Robert Hartfield, Maj. Jeffery Schmidt, Lt. Col. Kwon Young Hwan and Lt. Col. Matthew Farmer, according to U.S. Forces Korea.
"You made a difference," Brooks said as he presented the medals.
The ceremony came just as new details about the North Korean defector began to emerge. On Thursday, the Reuters news agency reported that the man has said he is 24 and that his family name is Oh. He remains in serious condition at Ajou University Hospital, where he is being treated for multiple gunshot wounds as well as tuberculosis, hepatitis B and intestinal worms.
The event came as the soldiers at Camp Bonifas — a military post just south of the DMZ — prepared to celebrate Thanksgiving. The medal ceremony took place in a hall festooned with holiday banners and decorated with ornamental gourds and other autumnal trimmings.
"Happy Thanksgiving," Kim said, his only remarks in English. "And thank you for your service in Korea."
A powerful typhoon which swept through Japan led to highly radioactive water near the crippled Fukushima nuclear power plant being released into a nearby drainage ditch, increasing the risk of it flowing into the sea.
On Wednesday, Tokyo Electric Power Co. (TEPCO), the plant's operator, said it had detected high levels of radiation in a ditch leading to the Pacific Ocean, and that it suspected heavy rains had lifted contaminated soil.
Workers say that Strontium-90 – a radioactive isotope of the alkaline earth metal strontium produced by nuclear fission – along with other isotopes that emit beta rays measuring 1,400 becquerels (Bq) per liter were detected in the ditch, which is located about 150 meters from the ocean, The Asahi Shimbun reported.
The legal standard for strontium emissions is 30 becquerels per liter. One becquerel is defined as the activity of a quantity of radioactive material in which one nucleus decays per second.
The water was collected Wednesday, one day after Typhoon Wipha slammed into Japan. On Tuesday, when the storm swept over eastern Japan, the radioactivity level was 19 becquerels per liter, TEPCO said.
Rainwater pumped out at the site on Wednesday proved to have radioactivity levels that were lower than provisional standards approved the previous day by the country's Nuclear Regulation Authority. The workers, therefore, believe the rainwater is not the cause of the high levels of radioactivity discovered in the ditch.
TEPCO workers will clean out the drainage ditch, as it currently remains unknown if any of the highly contaminated water has flown into the ocean.
Typhoon Wipha, described by weather forecasters as the strongest in a decade, left at least 17 people dead and 50 missing in its wake.
The storm grazed the Fukushima coast around midday, although it did not cause any new damage to the plant and its temporary containers where radioactive water is stored.
More than 80 centimeters of rain fell in less than 24 hours, forcing TEPCO to pump out massive quantities of rainwater collected in the protective containers where more than 1,000 temporary tanks with contaminated water are being stored.
The rainwater was checked for radioactivity and released into the sea, a company spokesman told Reuters.
Earlier this month, TEPCO announced 430 liters of polluted water had spilled from a tank as the company's employees tried to remove rainwater dumped at the plant by recent storms.
It is unknown how much of the contaminated water flowed into the sea.
CHENNAI: Chennaiite Vinodh Kumar Ramu has made it to the finals of People for the Ethical Treatment of Animals ' (PETA) 2017 'Cutest Vegetarian Next Door Contest', beating hundreds of other contestants from across India. He is one of the top 20 finalists. PETA will ultimately crown two winners -- one man and one woman - next week."This is the fifth year we are conducting the contest. It's a fun way to reach out to people and spread more awareness as to why one should turn vegetarian and why it is a healthier option," says Sachin Bangera, associate director of celebrity and public relations, PETA India Entries are invited during August and September every year. "People aged 15 to 29 can then send in their photos as well as stories of why they turned vegetarian," says Bangera.Ramu, for instance, has been a vegetarian since birth and vegan for four months. "I witnessed the cruelty behind dairy and decided to quit eating it. I strongly believe it's immoral to exploit any species," he says.Twenty finalists are picked - 10 men and 10 women - based on their stories as well as looks. People can vote for their favourite finalists by logging on to www.petaindia.com. Voting will be open to the public until September 29."The winners get a certificate, sash, PETA T-shirt and a book," says Bangera, adding that winners will be announced on October 3.
Here is a particularly woeful crime statistic from the Federal Bureau of Investigation: nationwide, nearly 40 percent of all homicides go unsolved each year. In California, the percentage of unsolved homicides is even higher, but a groundbreaking measure signed into law earlier this month by the state's Republican governor, Arnold Schwarzenegger, offers a realistic hope for bringing more murderers, gang members and other armed criminals to justice.
Under the new measure — the Crime Gun Identification Act — manufacturers of semiautomatic weapons will have to equip new guns sold in California starting in 2010 with inexpensive technology known as microstamping. This process involves using lasers to create microscopic markings that record the make, model and serial number of a semiautomatic handgun onto its firing pin and other internal surfaces. These markings automatically transfer onto the bullet shell casing when a gun is fired, providing a valuable lead for police investigators when, as commonly happens, casings from the shooter's weapon are found at a crime scene.
The new law, like any other single attempt to get America's handgun crisis under control, is not a panacea. It will not help solve violent crimes committed with old weapons or with revolvers of any vintage. Gun casings are not always found at a crime scene, of course.
But a huge number of gun crimes are committed with the sort of semiautomatic handguns the law covers. Each new tool like this that is handed to law enforcement increases the chances of solving crimes; each tool denied them, like access to gun-sale records in other states, reduces those chances. This law's value to law enforcement should grow over time as older guns are replaced by new ones equipped with microstamping. Meanwhile, it represents no inconvenience at all to law-abiding gun owners, and only a minor increase in the price of a weapon.
In signing the bill, Mr. Schwarzenegger stood up to united opposition from Republican state legislators and intense lobbying from the National Rifle Association to protect public safety. California has set a laudable example for other states, and for Congress. Two Democrats, Representative Xavier Becerra of California and Senator Edward Kennedy of Massachusetts, are presently preparing federal legislation to make microstamping a nationwide requirement, much as it should be.
The NBN could generate substantial savings due to the lower maintenance costs associated with a fibre-to-the-premises solution, according to a new report
A fibre-to-the-premises (FTTP) National Broadband Network (NBN) could save up to $700 million per year in telecommunication maintenance, according to a new report released today by BIS Shrapnel.
The Maintenance in Australia 2012 to 2027 report states the NBN will be a game-changer in the telco sector due to the dramatically reduced maintenance associated with a FTTP network.
Adrian Hart, senior manager at BIS Shrapnel, told Computerworld Australia BIS Shrapnel had calculated maintenance costs of the copper network to total $700 million to $1 billion per year.
“As such, the introduction of an NBN would probably see a reduction of that cost quite substantially,” he said.
“Based on our estimates and our surveys with contractors and organisations in the telecoms industry, we believe that we could save in the vicinity of $600 to $700 million a year in telecoms maintenance that is currently undertaken on the copper network but could probably be saved under a more technological solution such as the fibre optic NBN.”
Hart cited substantial costs associated with copper maintenance due to maintenance being ‘reactive' to issues such as wet weather and natural disasters. The aging nature of the copper network would also mean it would require more extensive reactive maintenance over time, he said.
“What our research discovered was that the introduction of an NBN that would involve a fibre-to-the-premises solution and hence remove the copper network out of the equation would reduce the number of reactive calls for maintenance. It wouldn't remove all of them, but it would certainly put a big chunk of those reactive calls away, particularly as it relates to water and other things that can affect the network,” he said.
The BIS Shrapnel calculation of up to $1 billion per year being spent on telco maintenance was derived from surveys and its own analysis of Telstra's operations and budgets, Hart said.
He said Telstra experienced a substantial increase in its operations budget due to the Queensland flood and cyclones and maintenance tasks associated with the copper network. If a fibre network had been in place, the cost for repairing the network would have been much lower due to the copper being highly susceptible to water damage, according to Hart.
“I have no doubt that a fibre network would have been better able to cope with the water issues related to some of those concerns and some of those events,” he said.
Due to the greater data and voice traffic fibre would carry, compared to copper, Hart said there will still be a concerted effort to ensure the fibre optic network is maintained due to the cost of downtime if there are faults on the network. This would mean around $200 million to $300 million would need to be spent per year on maintaining a maintenance backbone and other associated operations.
“A lot would depend on how often the fibre was affected by unforeseen events such as if it was dug up accidentally, but that occurs with the copper network pretty much as well as what the fibre network would be. In terms of water damage and other aging aspects of the copper network, the fibre-to-the-premises solution would be far simpler to maintain,” Hart said.
However, Hart said a fibre-to-the-node network could dramatically impact on any maintenance cost savings due to the solution still employing copper to the premises. This would result in additional maintenance costs associated with maintaining that piece of the copper network.
“We don't have an estimate of fibre-to-the-node versus fibre-to-the-premises [solution], but you could be looking at several hundred million dollars worth of difference between the two strategies,” Hart said.
Hart expects telecommunications costs to decline more significantly from 206/17 as users migrate to the NBN.
Follow Stephanie McDonald on Twitter: @stephmcdonald0
Follow Computerworld Australia on Twitter: @ComputerworldAU
A few weeks ago I saw an infographic making the rounds about vaccines. It claimed that vaccines work and promised to give you the facts, but as I was reading through the long list of so-called “facts,” I found myself knee-high in misinformation.
This infographic claimed that we owe our disease-free lives to vaccines — a great medical advancement. It gave a one-sided history of the creation of the first vaccine, an inaccurate account of the smallpox campaign, hailed the ineffective flu shot, misinterpreted the Lancet study, smeared Wakefield, blamed Jenny McCarthy for the “anti-vaccine movement” that has been around since the 1800s, attributed autism to anything but vaccines, dishonestly claimed that neurotoxins and hazardous wastes are safe, and said we shouldn't have a choice whether or not to vaccinate because we disrupt the herd immunity that isn't even applicable to vaccines.
Like what!? I hope nobody rushed out and vaccinated their kids based on that infographic without doing a little fact-checking first. Despite what you may have heard, you are allowed to ask questions and form your own opinion . . . no special credentials required, and if you are going to vaccinate your child, you deserve the (real) facts.
Allow me . . .
Study shows strong evidence of a link between excess body fat and cancers of the colon, breast, pancreas and ovary among others
Being overweight could increase the risk of a host of cancers, including those of the colon, breast, pancreas and ovary, researchers have warned following a wide review of more than 200 studies.
According to previous figures from two leading charities, almost three quarters of people are expected to be overweight by 2035, with 700,000 new cases of obesity-related cancer expected over the next 20 years.
Weight gain over adult life linked to greater digestive cancer risk, says study Read more
The new study by an international team adds weight to the warning, revealing that there is currently strong evidence for a link between excess body fat and an increased risk of 11 cancers: colon, rectum, endometrium, breast, ovary, kidney, pancreas, gastric cardia, biliary tract system and certain cancers of the oesophagus and bone marrow.
“I think now the public and physicians really need to pay attention to obesity with respect to cancer,” said Marc Gunter, a co-author of the research from the International Agency for Research on Cancer. “Telling people to avoid being overweight not only reduces their risk of, say, diabetes and cardiovascular disease, it also reduces their risk of many different cancers.”
Published in the British Medical Journal, the study examined evidence from 204 previously published studies which each looked at combined results from multiple pieces of research probing the link between body fat and the development of particular cancers.
Of the 95 studies which looked at obesity measures on a continuous scale such as body mass index, 12 were found to offer strong evidence of an association, encompassing a total of nine different cancers.
Analysis of these studies revealed that as BMI (weight divided by height squared) increased, so too did the risk of developing certain cancers. For men, for every 5kg/m2 increase in BMI, the risk of developing colorectal cancer rose by 9%, while among women forgoing HRT, the risk of developing postmenopausal breast cancer increased by 11%. The figures were even higher for cancer of the biliary tract system, with risk increasing by 56% for every 5kg/m2 increase in BMI.
The authors note the remaining 83 such studies were of mixed quality. While 18% were deemed “highly suggestive” of a link between excess body fat and cancer, 20% had only weak evidence while 25% had no evidence for a link.
When studies that looked at other measures of obesity were included in the analysis, the total number of cancers for which there was strong evidence of a link to body fat came to 11.
While the new study does not shed light on how excess body weight is linked to an increased risk of various cancers, a number of explanations have previously been proposed. “We know that if you are overweight it causes lots of disruption of hormonal and metabolic pathways,” said Gunter, noting that excess fat has been linked to higher oestrogen levels, higher insulin levels and increased inflammation – all of which can affect cell division.
Cancer rates set to increase six times faster in women than men Read more
Dr Rachel Orritt, Cancer Research UK's health information officer, said: “This research uses very strict criteria to evaluate the evidence and confirms that obesity increases the risk of cancer, linking many of the same cancer types that have been linked before.”
Being overweight, Orritt adds, is second only to smoking as the biggest preventable cause of cancer. “Whether it's taking the stairs or switching to sugar-free versions of your favourite drinks, small changes can make a real difference, helping you keep a healthy weight and reducing your risk of cancer,” she said.
Dr Alison Tedstone, chief nutritionist at Public Health England, added that awareness was key. “Less than half the population realise that being obese increases the risk of cancer and, with almost two-thirds of adults carrying excess weight, this is worrying,” she said.
Paul Aveyard, professor of behavioural Mmedicine at the University of Oxford, agreed that the study highlighted the need for society to take steps to reverse the rise of obesity. “It is one more reason for people to be concerned about the excess body weight that they carry,” he said. “This risk isn't confined just to people who are really overweight. All of us who carry excess fat, and that is most of us in this country, are at some degree of risk.”
When commercial photographer Trent Bell found out his friend was sentenced to thirty-six years in prison, it forced him to reflect on how the decisions we make can lead us down very different paths. Bell began a powerful photo project that would merge portraits of inmates in the Maine prison system with handwritten letters the convicts composed as though writing to their younger selves. <br><br> Robert<br> 67 yrs old<br> In for: murder<br> Time in: 27 years<br> Time left: 9 years Trent Bell
Bubber Jack<br> 41 yrs old<br> In for: trafficking drugs<br> Time in: 8 months<br> Time left: 3 yrs, 4 months Trent Bell
Brandon<br> 26 yrs old<br> In for: attempted murder and elevated aggravated assault<br> Time in: 4 years<br> Time left: 13 years Trent Bell
Ken<br> 50 yrs old<br> Time in: 8 years<br> Time left: 1 years Trent Bell
James "Jamie"<br> 42 yrs old<br> In for: robbery<br> Time in: 2 years<br> Time left: 8 years Trent Bell
Pork Chop<br> 44 yrs old<br> In for: murder<br> Time in: 23 years<br> Time left: 4.5 years Trent Bell
Kaihlil<br> 39 yrs old<br> In for: probation violation<br> Time in: 4 years<br> Time left: 2 years Trent Bell
William "Wild Bill"<br> 40 yrs old<br> In for: burglary and theft<br> Time in: 10 years<br> Time left: 8 years Trent Bell
Geoffrey<br> 31 yrs old<br> In for: elevated aggravated assault<br> Time in: 5 years<br> Time left: 16 years Trent Bell
Paco<br> 46 yrs old<br> In for: robbery and aggravated assault<br> Time in: almost all of adult life<br> Time left: 7 years Trent Bell
Pete<br> 55 yrs old<br> Time in: 6 years<br> Time left: 4 years Trent Bell
Warm and nutty cinnamon quinoa is a hearty, protein packed vegan breakfast to start your day. You can substitute any berry in season for the blueberries.
Warm and Nutty Cinnamon Quinoa Author: Well Vegan
Prep Time: Prep Time: 10 mins
Cook Time: Cook Time: 20 mins
Total Time: Total Time: 30 minutes
Yield: Yield: 4 Print Pin Ingredients 1 cup nondairy milk
1 cup water
1 cup quinoa, rinsed (any color)
2 cups fresh blackberries
1/2 tsp. ground cinnamon
1/3 cup chopped pecans, toasted*
4 tsp. agave nectar Instructions Combine nondairy milk, water and quinoa in a medium saucepan. Bring to a boil over high heat. Reduce heat to medium-low; cover and simmer 15 minutes or until most of the liquid is absorbed. Turn off heat; let stand covered 5 minutes. Stir in blackberries and cinnamon; transfer to bowls and top with pecans. Drizzle 1 teaspoon agave nectar over each serving. *While the quinoa cooks, roast the pecans in a 350°F degree toaster oven for 5 to 6 minutes or in a dry skillet over medium heat for about 3 minutes. Nutrition Serving Size: 4
Calories: 368
Sugar: 11
Sodium: 34
Fat: 16
Carbohydrates: 44
Fiber: 9
Protein: 11
Cholesterol: 0
The Smithsonian's National Museum of the American Indian presents “Racist Stereotypes and Cultural Appropriation in American Sports,” a symposium and community conversation Thursday, Feb. 7, 2013, from 10 a.m. to 5:45 p.m. in the museum's Rasmuson Theater in Washington, D.C.
“What better place to address this issue than the Smithsonian's National Museum of the American Indian on the National Mall,” said Kevin Gover (Pawnee), director of the museum. “The Smithsonian Institution is the ideal forum to bring people together to ask tough questions.”
The lively panel discussions will feature sports writers, scholars, commentators, authors and representatives from Indian nations and the NCAA. Panelists will explore the mythology and psychology of stereotypes in sports, the history of ethnic “identity theft” and recent efforts to retire and revive “Native American” sports references at the University of Oklahoma, Stanford University, Dartmouth College and Syracuse University. The symposium advances a movement endorsed by the U.S. Commission on Civil Rights in 2001 and addressed last year by the U.S. Senate Committee on Indian Affairs.
The program will also feature a spirited community conversation about the Washington, D.C., professional football team's name and logo moderated by Philip J. Deloria (Standing Rock Sioux), author of Playing Indian and Indians in Unexpected Places, and the associate dean of Undergraduate Education at the University of Michigan's College of Literature, Science and the Arts. Deloria will be joined by Judith Bartnoff, deputy presiding judge of the District of Columbia Superior Court's Civil Division; Rev. Graylan Hagler of the Plymouth Congregational United Church of Christ and the former president of Ministers for Racial, Social and Economic Justice; Robert I. Holden (Choctaw/Chickasaw), deputy director of the National Congress of American Indians; Erik Brady, a sports reporter for USA Today; and Mike Wise, a sports columnist at The Washington Post.
Speakers include:
Kevin Gover, who will deliver opening remarks
Manley A. Begay Jr. (Navajo), moderator, associate social scientist/senior lecturer, American Indian Studies Program, University of Arizona, and co-director, Harvard Project on American Indian Economic Development at the John F. Kennedy School of Government, Harvard University
Lee Hester, associate professor and director of American Indian Studies and director of the Meredith Indigenous Humanities Center, The University of Science and Arts of Oklahoma
E. Newton Jackson, associate provost and professor of Sports Management, University of North Florida
N. Bruce Duthu (United Houma Nation of Louisiana), chair and professor, Native American Studies, Dartmouth College
Suzan Shown Harjo (Cheyenne/ Hodulgee Muscogee), moderator. President, Morning Star Institute and past executive director, National Congress of American Indians, and a founding trustee of the National Museum of the American Indian
C. Richard King, co-editor, Team Spirits, Native Athletes in Sport and Society, and Encyclopedia of Native Americans in Sports, and professor and chair of the Department of Critical Gender and Race Studies, Washington State University
Ben Nighthorse Campbell, Council of Chiefs, Northern Cheyenne Tribe; President, Nighthorse Consultants; Trustee, National Museum of the American Indian; Award-winning Artist/Jeweler, U.S. Representative of Colorado (1987-1993); and U.S. Senator of Colorado (1992-2005)
Delise O'Meally, director of Governance and International Affairs, NCAA
Lois J. Risling (Hoopa/Yurok/Karuk), educator and land specialist for the Hoopa Valley Tribes, and retired director, Center for Indian Community Development, Humboldt State University
Ellen Staurowsky, professor, Department of Sports Management, Goodwin School of Professional Studies, Drexel University
Linda M. Waggoner, author, Fire Light: The Life of Angel De Cora, Winnebago Artist; and “Playing Indian, Dreaming Indian: The Trial of William ‘Lone Star' Dietz” (Montana: The History Magazine, Spring 2013), and lecturer, Multicultural Studies, Sonoma State University
The symposium will be webcast live here. Webcast viewers are encouraged to participate via Facebook and Twitter by using the hashtag #RacistSportsLogos. A reception will follow in the museum's Potomac Atrium. For more information, visit the museum's website at www.AmericanIndian.si.edu.
# # #
SI-467A-2013
Going to rock concerts has always meant dealing with a bunch of unruly people, many of them very drunk – but it seems like lately things have been worse than ever. Attention spans are at an all-time low, and the ubiquity of smartphones has resulted in a huge percentage of the audience at any given show barely paying attention to the action onstage. Here are the 10 most annoying behaviors at rock concerts:
1. Taking pictures the entire freaking show.
I get it. You want to show all your friends on Facebook and Twitter that you saw a cool concert. Fine. Take a photo. Take five if you want! But please, don't take 77. You always manage to hold your camera right in my line of sight. You don't even look like you're enjoying the show while you're doing this. All your attention is on the photos. And you know what? Those photos are all going to look like shit. Every single one of them. You're too far away. You'll probably never even look at them. Also, you see those guys right in front of the stage with the giant cameras? They're taking great professional pictures. There's really no need for yours.
2. Checking e-mail, Facebook and Twitter every couple of minutes.
Unless you're a surgeon or a firefighter, everything can wait. Live in the moment. Enjoy the show. You paid good money to be here. You can e-mail your friends when you get home. Also, that cellphone emits a very harsh and distracting glow. For the love of God, just turn it off.
3. Incessantly talking to your friends.
You might not like whatever song is playing. You may be bored with the show in general. You may have been dragged here against your will. But you've been chattering the entire show, and I can hear every word. It's driving me crazy. Please shut up. Please. I can't tell you how many shows I attend where the two people in front of me are yelling in each other's ears the entire night. Not only is my sightline blocked when their heads come together, but I can hear them. Maybe go to a coffee shop when the show is done. Lie under an oak tree and talk until the sun comes up. I don't care. Just quiet down so I can enjoy the show.
4. Yelling out requests.
Look, I hope Morrissey plays "There Is A Light That Never Goes Out" also. That would be cool – but stop screaming for it. Most of the time the set list is pre-determined, and you're screaming in my ear. They're going to play what they're going to play. Go along for the ride. And to the guy screaming for a super obscure B-side from 15 years ago? Nobody thinks you're cool.
5. Yelling out "Freebird!"
This request deserves its own subcategory of irritation. This joke has never been funny. Not once. Just stop. It was lame in 1981. Now it's just infuriating.
6. Pushing your way to the front.
If a concert is general admission, the people in front earned their spots. They got there early and laid claim to their space. The people all the way in front might have even spent all day camped out by the doors, so when the lights go off and you shove your way to the front, you're being a huge asshole. Don't do that. If you show up late and there's only room in the back, you've just gotta deal with it.
7. Getting so drunk you puke.
At pretty much any big concert, you'll see a janitor emerge after a couple of songs with a big broom and a bucket of sawdust. It means somebody puked. It's a bummer for the puker, but the people all around have to deal with the aftermath. Don't be the vomit guy. There's no worse kind of person to be at the concert.
8. Loudly complaining after the show because the band didn't play your favorite song.
Not all artists take the Rod Stewart/Billy Joel/Tom Petty approach of "nothing but the hits." Performers like Neil Young or Van Morrison are unpredictable. This is actually a good thing. Try to enjoy the show you're getting as opposed the one you wish you were seeing. Besides, haven't you heard "Brown Eyed Girl" and "Southern Man" enough?
9. Filming the entire show on your iPhone.
This distracts people even worse than taking pictures, and usually results in an equally horrid product. The sad irony is that people tend to film their favorite songs, but the smiles on their faces are gone when all their concentration goes into capturing these moments on film. Tomorrow morning, YouTube will be cluttered with crappy cellphone videos of every song from whatever show you're seeing. There's no need to add to that. You paid good money to see a show, and you're joylessly watching it through a tiny screen on your iPhone. It just doesn't make any sense.
BOSTON (Reuters) - Massachusetts Senator Edward Markey is asking for information about the business practices of Herbalife Ltd (HLF.N), his office said on Thursday, making him the most prominent lawmaker to call for a probe into the nutrition company that billionaire investor William Ackman claims is a pyramid scheme.
A news headline displaying "Herbalife" is seen under the DowJones electronic ticker at Times Square in New York January 9, 2013. REUTERS/Shannon Stapleton
Herbalife shares tumbled more than 14 percent after Markey, a Democrat, said he had written to the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC), the Federal Trade Commission (FTC) and to Herbalife itself to try to obtain more information.
“There is nothing nutritional about possible pyramid schemes that promise financial benefit but result in economic ruin for vulnerable families,” Markey, a member of the Commerce, Science and Transportation Committee, said in a press release. He said the call for a probe followed “serious complaints of improper pressure and financial hardship” from constituents.
Herbalife spokeswoman Barbara Henderson said the company had received the letter and looks “forward to an opportunity to introduce the company to him and address his concerns at his earliest convenience.”
It was the second big hit to Herbalife's stock so far this year. Last week, shares tumbled 10 percent on the heels of a regulatory probe in China into skincare products maker Nu Skin (NUS.N), which has a similar business model to Herbalife.
The battle for the future of Herbalife has been raging for over a year after prominent activist investor Ackman accused the company of running a pyramid scheme - an unsustainable business model that focuses more on recruiting salespeople than on selling to outside customers.
Herbalife has vehemently denied the accusations.
Ackman backed his accusation with a $1 billion short bet that the company's share price would drop to zero under regulatory scrutiny, and began approaching lawmakers and regulators with his evidence.
Since then, major investors including Carl Icahn have lined up against Ackman's bet by taking stakes in the company, making Herbalife shares some of the most closely watched on Wall Street. The stock price surged 139 percent in 2013, but has fallen a total of 16.6 percent so far this year.
S&P Capital IQ analyst Tom Graves lowered the company's 12-month target price to $65 from $75 “to reflect our view of increased risk, after U.S. Senator Edward Markey seeks an SEC and FTC investigation.”
Ackman and Icahn were not available for comment.
An FTC official was not immediately available to answer questions on Herbalife. An SEC spokeswoman declined to comment.
The SEC has in recent years routinely reviewed Herbalife's public disclosures and requested additional information, including on how its distribution network is organized, and more recently on its relationship with Icahn.
(Click here for copies of SEC letters to Herbalife: here
and here)
“ECONOMIC ILL-HEALTH”
Markey wrote in the letters that his interest in Herbalife was sparked by constituents in Massachusetts who claim to have lost thousands of dollars buying supplies that they could not sell on to customers. He said one family in Norton said it lost $130,000, including its entire 401(k) retirement account, from investing with the company.
Another woman said she was pressured to recruit family members and spend more money to buy more products so that she could qualify as a “supervisor” in the Herbalife system, according to the press release.
Markey's staffers met with Ackman in Washington a few months ago, but the Senator has not met the hedge fund manager personally, a spokeswoman said.
“Herbalife may be a purveyor of health and wellness products, but some of its distributors are suffering serious economic ill-health as a result of their involvement in the company. I have serious questions about the business practices of Herbalife and their impact on my constituents, and I look forward to receiving responses to my inquiries,” he said in the press release.
Markey asked that the SEC, FTC and Herbalife respond to his staff by February 28.
In Markey's letters to SEC Chair Mary Jo White and FTC Chair Edith Ramirez he said he wanted regulators to “confirm that the company is acting in accordance with the federal securities laws under the authority of the Commission.”
A Herbalife product is seen at a clinic in the Mission District in San Francisco, California April 29, 2013. REUTERS/Robert Galbraith
Markey has also asked Herbalife to say whether or not it is targeting minority communities.
Markey's move comes after Nevada's State Senate Majority Leader Mo Denis in December asked his state's attorney general for an investigation into the supplement maker for alleged targeting and deception of Hispanics.
Latino civil rights activists have also asked prosecutors in California and Illinois to probe the company's marketing practices. On Friday the League of United Latin American Citizens will be meeting with members of the California attorney general's office to lay out their case in person, Brent Wilkes, the group's national executive director said.
The May 18, 1980 eruption of Mount St. Helens, a volcano located in state of Washington, was one of the most destructive events in the history of the United States. In just a matter of hours, the north face of the volcano collapsed creating a huge landslide - the largest debris avalanche in recorded history – that moved swiftly towards the surrounding lakes and the North Fork Toutle River valley leaving a trail of destruction 27 km long. Located only about 5 miles north-northeast of the volcanic crater, Spirit Lake received the full impact of the lateral blast.
An estimated 1 million trees were blown away from the surrounding hillside by a super-heated wall of volcanic gas and searing ash and rock, and these along with other rubble were deposited on Spirit Lake. The debris avalanche temporarily displaced much of the lake from its bed sending 600-foot-high waves crashing into a ridge north of the lake. As the water moved back into its basin, it pulled with it thousands of more trees into the lake. About 350,000 acre-feet of pyrolized trees were deposited into Spirit Lake and these shattered trees formed a floating log raft on the lake surface that is present to this day, more than three decades after the event.
A portion of the thousands of trees that remain floating in a giant raft on the surface of the lake. Photo taken on March 29, 2007. Photo credit
Prior to the eruption, Spirit Lake was a popular and picturesque body of water and was well known to many people as a vacation spot. There were six camps on the shore and a number of lodges catering to visitors.
Today, Sprit Lake is a wasteland choked with thousands of logs and volcanic debris. Huge quantities of debris decreased the lake volume by approximately 46,000 acre-feet, and its depth by 80 feet. Lahar and pyroclastic flow deposits from the eruption blocked its natural pre-eruption outlet to the North Fork Toutle River valley at its outlet, raising the surface elevation of the lake by 200 feet.
When scientists saw the mass destruction, they realised that Sprit Lake provided them with a rare opportunity to study microbial and chemical transformations and the biological restoration of a lake severely impacted by a major volcanic disturbance. To ensure protection of Spirit Lake and other recovering ecosystems inside the volcano's 220-square-mile blast area, the Mount St. Helens National Volcanic Monument was created in 1982. Fishing and other recreational activities potentially disruptive to Spirit Lake's recovery are prohibited. This is one of the primary reasons why no attempts were made to recover the logs and other forest debris floating in the lake.
The collapsed crater of Mount St. Helen with Spirit Lake in the foreground. Photo credit
Blowdown of trees from the May 18, 1980 eruption of Mount St. Helens. Elk Rock is the peak with a signed area on the left. Photo credit: USGS
Thousands of trees in the North Fork Toutle River drainage area are shown blown down by the force of the May 18, 1980, eruption of Mount St. Helens, seen on Aug. 22, 1980. Photo credit: USGS
Massive blowdown of trees in the Green River valley seen on June 2, 1980. The flattening of the forest resulted from the May 18 eruption of Mount St. Helens. Photo credit: USGS
Logs covering Spirit Lake, 2009. Photo credit
Spirit Lake log mat in 1985. Photo credit
View of Spirit Lake, southwest looking down to southern end . Blast-fell logs litter the banks or still float after the lake had been drained to maintain a safer water level since avalanche debris and trees had raised the level by several hundred feet.. Photo credit
Spirit Lake on the slopes of Mt. St. Helens in Washington State, USA. This photo was taken two years after the eruption and shows the ruined lake filled with debris from the eruption. Photo credit
Photo credit
Photo credit
Photo credit
A road through the blast zone. Picture taken in 2009. Photo credit
Photo credit
Broken stumps of trees litter the regions around Mount St. Helen. Photo credit
Sources: Wikipedia / USGS.gov / Oregonlive
A 19th century illustration of "swill milk" being produced: a sickly cow being milked while held up by ropes.
The Swill milk scandal was a major adulterated food scandal in New York in the 1850s. The New York Times reported an estimate that in one year 8,000 infants died from swill milk.[1][2]
Name [ edit ]
It is named swill milk because cows were fed swill which was residual mash from nearby distilleries. The milk was whitened with plaster of Paris, thickened with starch and eggs, and hued with molasses.[3]
After the extraction of alcohol from the macerated grain, the residual mash still contains nutrients, and therefore it was an economical advantage to keep cows stabled near distilleries and feed them with swill.[1]
History [ edit ]
The New York Academy of Medicine carried out an examination and established the connection of swill milk with the increased infant mortality in the city.[4][5] The topic of swill milk was also well exposed in pamphlets and caricatures of the time.
In May 1858, Frank Leslie's Illustrated Newspaper did a landmark exposé of the distillery-dairies of Manhattan and Brooklyn that marketed so-called swill milk that came from cows fed on distillery waste and then adulterated with water, eggs, flour, and other ingredients that increased the volume and masked the adulteration.[6] Swill milk dairies were noted for their filthy conditions and overpowering stench both caused by the close confinement of hundreds (sometimes thousands) of cows in narrow stalls where, once they were tied, they would stay for the rest of their lives, often standing in their own manure, covered with flies and sores, and suffering from a range of virulent diseases. These cows were fed on boiling distillery waste, often leaving the cows with rotting teeth and other maladies. The milk drawn from the cows was routinely adulterated with water, rotten eggs, flour, burnt sugar and other adulterants with the finished product then marketed falsely as "pure country milk" or "Orange County Milk".[7]
In an editorial published at the height of the scandal, the New York Times described swill milk as a "bluish, white compound of true milk, pus and dirty water, which, on standing, deposits a yellowish, brown sediment that is manufactured in the stables attached to large distilleries by running the refuse distillery slops through the udders of dying cows and over the unwashed hands of milkers..."[1]
Frank Leslie's exposé caused widespread public outrage and local politicians were strongly pressured to punish and regulate the distillery-dairies, which were formally complained to be "swill milk nuisance".[8] The Tammany Hall politician Alderman Michael Tuomey, known as "Butcher Mike" defended the distillers vigorously throughout the scandal—in fact, he was put in charge of the Board of Health investigation. Frank Leslie's Illustrated Newspaper staked out distillery owner Bradish Johnson's mansion at 21st and Broadway, and reported that in the midst of the investigation, Tuomey was observed making late night visits. Tuomey assumed a central role in the ensuing investigations, and, with fellow Aldermen E. Harrison Reed and William Tucker, shielded the dairies and turned the hearings into one-sided exercises designed to make dairy critics and established health authorities look ridiculous, even going to the extent of arguing that swill milk was actually as good or better for children than regular milk.[8] With Reed and others, Tuomey successfully blocked any serious inquiry into the dairies and stymied calls for reform. The Board of Health exonerated the distillers, but public outcry led to the passage of the first food safety laws in the form of milk regulations in 1862.[9] Tuomey became known for his attempts to block the new regulations, and earned the new moniker "Swill Milk" Tuomey.[10] In addition to Tuomey's assistance in clearing up the unclean image milk developed, Robert Hartley a social reformist, aided in the restoration of milk being a nutritional and safe-to-drink beverage. During the mid to late nineteenth century, Hartley utilized Biblical references in his essays to appeal to the urban community. He asserted that universal milk consumption could help alleviate society's "sins", poverty, and alcohol consumption.[11]
America's first pure milk agitator [ edit ]
Robert Hartley was America's first consumer advocate and milk agitator. After resigning from his job as a factory manager in Mohawk Valley, New York. Hartley decided to move to NYC, to dedicate his life to joining and establishing many of the cities major reform organizations: such as, the New York City Temperance Society, The City Mission tract Society, and The New York Association for Improving the Condition of the Poor (DuPuis). Hartley had a desire to better the lives of humans, which is why he was interested in New York City's poor milk supply.
Hartley's desire to perfect human society provided the basis for his interest in the New York City milk supply. As a temperance reformer, he aimed to eliminate the extra profits provided to the city's brewers through the linked milk and alcohol production systems. As a social reformer interested in the welfare of the poor, he improved the New York milk supply. Beginning in the 1830s in newspaper articles and lectures, and eventually summarized in a publication titled "A Historical, Scientific, and Practical Essay on Milk as an Article of Human Sustenance", Hartley exposed the unsanitary practices of the swill milk system. He was the first American to make a sustained argument that milk was the perfect food.[11]
See also [ edit ]
Our family has set up this campaign for the following reasons:
These are some things you may wish to do for now to support our campaign:
Family of Ian Tomlinson
This website and the Ian Tomlinson Family Campaign has been set up by Ian's family. We are grateful for the huge amount of public support received since Ian's tragic death on April 1st 2009 at the G20 protests in London. It has been very hard for our family particularly following the release of images of the police assault on Ian emerged. Ian is deeply missed by us and we simply want justice for him.We may have a long and difficult journey ahead to achieve justice and we will rely on your continued support.• To demand a full investigation into Ian's death that scrutinises the individual conduct and operational command tactics of police officers present at the G20 protest and those in command of them when Ian was assaulted and died• To call for full criminal charges to be brought against any officer whose actions or failure of duty resulted in Ian's death• To campaign for change to any police policies, tactics or frequent abuses of power which may effectively endanger people's lives rather than protect them, so that future deaths and injuries to the public can be prevented• To raise awareness of any issues we may experience as a family seeking justice through statutory and judicial systems that are a cause for public concern• Keep updated by checking this official family website for press releases, news articles and updates• Join the official campaign mailing list by e-mail at iantomlinsonfamilycampaign@gmail.com and send any messages of support or ideas to this address.• Stay in contact – send us updates of any events you have organised including pictures, letters received back, press articles etc.• Write to your MP • Direct any witness information to our lawyers so it may be used in evidenceWith thanks,
Conservatives used to believe in their truth. Want to “solve” poverty? All the welfare dollars in the world won't help if two-parent families aren't intact. Want to foster democracy abroad? It's going to be rough going if too many voters reject the foundational concept of minority rights.
And want to preserve your own republican institutions? Then pay attention to the character of your leaders, the culture of governance and the political health of the public. It matters a lot more than lowering the top marginal income tax rate by a couple of percentage points.
This is the fatal mistake of conservatives who've decided the best way to deal with Trump's personality — the lying, narcissism, bullying, bigotry, crassness, name calling, ignorance, paranoia, incompetence and pettiness — is to pretend it doesn't matter. “Character Doesn't Count” has become a de facto G.O.P. motto. “Virtue Doesn't Matter” might be another.
But character does count, and virtue does matter, and Trump's shortcomings prove it daily.
Maybe you think the Russia investigation is much ado about nothing. Yet Trump brought it on himself every step of the way, from firing James Comey after the former F.B.I. director wouldn't swear fealty, to (potentially) admitting to obstruction of justice with that tweet about Mike Flynn's firing. Or maybe you regret the failure to repeal Obamacare. But that had something to do with the grotesque insults Trump lobbed at John McCain, the man whose “nay” vote sank repeal.
Look at every other administration embarrassment (Scaramucci) or failure (the wall, and Mexico paying for it) or disgrace (the Charlottesville equivocation). Responsibility invariably lies with the president's intemperance and dishonesty. That puts Republican control of Congress in play. It also risks permanently alienating a millennial generation for which the G.O.P. will forever be the party of the child-molesting sore loser and the president who endorsed him.
How Trump is remaking the ‘culture war'
Getty Images
The nation's foremost culture warrior is President Trump.
He wouldn't, at first blush, seem well-suited to the part. Trump once appeared on the cover of Playboy. He has been married three times. He ran beauty pageants and was a frequent guest on the Howard Stern radio show. His “locker-room talk” captured on the infamous “Access Hollywood” tape didn't, shall we say, demonstrate a well-honed sense of propriety.
There is no way Trump could be a credible combatant in the culture war as it existed for the last 40 years. But he has reoriented the main lines of battle away from issues related to religion and sexual morality and onto the ground of populism and nationalism. Trump's culture war is fundamentally the people versus the elite, national sovereignty versus cosmopolitanism and patriotism versus multiculturalism.
It's the difference, in a nutshell, between fighting over gay rights or immigration, over the breakdown in marriage or Black Lives Matter.
The new war is just as emotionally charged as the old one. It, too, involves fundamental questions about who we are as a people, which are always more fraught than the debate over the appropriate tax rate or whether we should have a defense-budget sequester.
The participants are, by and large, the same as well. The old culture war featured Middle America on one side, and coastal elites, academia and Hollywood on the other. So does the new war. And while Trump has no interest in fighting over gay marriage or engaging in the bathroom wars, his staunch pro-life position is a notable holdover from the old war.
Yet any of his detractors who is warning, out of reflex more than anything else, of an attempt to control women's bodies or establish a theocracy is badly out of date. Donald Trump has many ambitions, but imposing his morality on anyone clearly isn't one of them.
Instead, he wants to topple a corrupt establishment that he believes has put both its selfish interests and a misbegotten, fuzzy-headed altruism above the well-being of the American people.
This isn't just a governing program, but a culture crusade that includes a significant regional and class element. It channels the concerns of the Jacksonian America that is Trump's base and, as Walter Russell Mead writes in an essay in Foreign Affairs, “felt itself to be under siege, with its values under attack and its future under threat.”
The revolt of the Jacksonians as exemplified in Trump's presidency sets up a cultural conflict as embittered as any we've experienced in the post-Roe v. Wade era.
“If the cosmopolitans see Jacksonians as backward and chauvinistic,” Mead writes, “Jacksonians return the favor by seeing the cosmopolitan elite as near treasonous — people who think it is morally questionable to put their own country, and its citizens, first.”
This backdrop will add intensity to almost every fight in the Trump years.
Consider the president's war with the media. Almost all Republicans have testy relationships with the press. For Trump, though, the media are something more than a collection of biased outlets; they are a particularly noxious, high-profile expression of exactly the Northeastern elite that he seeks to dethrone.
On the other side of the ledger, it's nothing new for those occupying the commanding heights of our culture to accuse Republicans of being narrow-minded and bigoted, but the level of vitriol will be elevated to meet Trump's frontal challenge.
His emphasis on borders, cultural coherence, law and order and national pride will engender a particular fear and loathing. It is an article of faith among the cultural elite that these priorities — despite what they consider the aberration of November's election — are the relics of a rapidly disappearing America that can't possibly represent the country's future. Trump and his supporters beg to differ.
The culture war is dead; long live the culture war.
Two videographers from an Outdoor Channel reality show were filming on a boat where fisherman reeled in what's believed to be the largest mako shark in recorded history.
The 1,323-pound shark was caught off California's Huntington Beach on a boat captained by Matt Potter, who has the apt nickname Mako Matt. A film crew from Jim Shockey's The Professionals was on board for the catch, which took more than two-and-a-half hours.
A researcher told the Los Angeles Times that the catch is likely to set the record for the biggest-ever mako shark and is in the top half-percent of any catch on file.
Great white sharks are bigger, but the speedy makos hold more allure for fishermen. Back in 1985, Field and Stream discussed why:
Whites may be the top of the line so far as size and popular interest are concerned, but they don't nearly have the appeal for sport fisherman that that make does. […] Makos generally feed on swift prey like tuna and swordfish. The shark is swift and unpredictable, you will sometimes be facing one direction and fighting a fish you think is deep, when suddenly, frighteningly, the mako will hurl itself into the air and go crashing back into the sea just a few yards from the cockpit.
The group of fisherman, who told the Times, they go sport fishing 20 times per year, spread a combination of ground sardines and mackerel to lure the sharks to the boat.
“I still feel the soreness in every bone,” James Johnston, one of the fishermen, said. “It's the scariest thing I've ever done in my life.”
By David Joel Miller, MS, Licensed Therapist & Licensed Counselor.
Memory, Blackouts, Alcohol, and Drugs.
Alcohol and other drugs can impair memory in a number of ways. Alcoholics frequently say they can't remember what happened while drinking. People who have never had a blackout question if the drinker really can't remember, or do they just not want to take responsibility for their actions. Both are possible. Alcohol is not the only reason someone might do something and then have no memory of the occurrence. Consider the following examples.
Let's say that the people in one of the classes I taught all became very close and the group decides they would like to have a celebration after the last session. We decide on a pizza party. We get out the phone book and look up the number. We are all old school, imagine the days before cell phone Apps. I read off the number and one of the students runs downstairs to make the call. In this building, there is almost no cell phone reception.
When they return I ask “Did you order soda?” They tell me they didn't. Well, we need something to drink with the pizza so go call and add some soda to the order. The students reply?
What was the number?
Why can't they remember that number?
Now I just gave them the number why can't they remember it?
Many things in life are held in short-term memory only as long as needed. Once the need for the information is gone the memory is discarded. You may remember what you ate for breakfast today but not many people could report what they had for breakfast all of the last 365 days. Even if they had the same thing every day they would not be able to tell me which day was better or worse.
Alcohol interrupts the transfer of information from current working memory to long-term memory. Since the memory could not be saved there is no memory remaining. Ever turn off a computer or close a file and then realize you hadn't saved the work? Computers have programs to ask you if you want to save that, otherwise, we would lose a lot of work.
Cell phone designers had to include this factor in the design. They know that phone owners will want to call people back and that the human brain will not remember the number even if you just dialed it a minute ago. The phone holds the memory for you.
Blackouts are most likely to occur when the blood alcohol level rises rapidly. A few sips an hour, no blackout. Knock down the whole fifth in a couple of minutes and the rest of the night may be gone.
Blackouts are not the only reason alcohol and other drugs may alter memories.
State-dependent learning.
Consider this scenario. Someone goes to a cocktail party. During the night they talk with a lot of people, exchange some business cards and generally have a good productive time networking. Only they also drink too much.
Next morning they find the business cards in their pocket, only they can't remember who these people were or what they talked about. They weren't drunk enough to have a blackout but they did talk to a lot of people. Why can't they remember these people?
Later in the day, they go to lunch, say they have drinks with lunch, nothing huge, just one or two drinks. They go for something in their pocket and there are those pesky cards. And suddenly they remember who these people were and what they talked about.
This is called state dependent learning.
Information is filed away in the brain but it is as if there are file cabinet drawers for memories that are only needed in certain situations. One file drawer is for things to remember while intoxicated. These memories are harder or impossible to find unless drunk.
Students who pull all-nighters to study for finals and use lots of chemicals to stay awake may have the same result. The brain puts those memories in a drawer labeled only needed when high on stimulants. Next day in class they forget everything they studied. The lack of sleep didn't help either. Two weeks later over some espresso, they remember something they needed for the final.
This is also why some things just can't be learned in a classroom. Swimming and diving are examples of this. All the classroom time in the world and suddenly when you are in the water everything changes. State-dependent learning can involve things other than alcohol or drugs. Internal states, like hunger and thirst and external states like places and activates can affect your ability to remember things.
In addition to blackouts and state-dependent learning, there are several other ways in which alcohol and drugs may be affecting memory.
Poor physical and mental health impairs memory.
When you are depressed or overtired, things may not stick in your memory. Over time there can be physical and chemical changes in the brain. Alcoholic's brains shrink. Some drugs kill or damage nerve cells. Aging and normal memory loss may also be accelerated by substance abuse.
Memory also has a situational component. I use multiple computers at multiple locations. They each have different passwords. When at one office I will remember the password for that office and automatically enter it. Most of these passwords have to be changed every month. Last month I thought why not use the same password I just entered at the other office this morning? I could not remember it. The next day back at the first office I entered that new password without a thought and then realized, I remember passwords by the surroundings.
Doorway effect on memory.
The “doorway effect” also is likely to be more pronounced when you abuse substances. Doorway effect is the phenomenon of moving through a doorway, going from my home office to the kitchen for some water, and when I get to the kitchen I can't remember why I am there. This confusion and the available food may explain that mysterious weight gain. This is a normal occurrence for people who do not do drugs but my experience working in substance abuse programs suggests that substance abusers are more likely to find their memories erased by moving from one place to another.
There are some thoughts on blackouts, state-dependent learning, situational memory and the doorway effect coupled with the effects of drugs and alcohol on memories.
Staying connected with David Joel Miller
Two David Joel Miller Books are available now!
Bumps on the Road of Life. Whether you struggle with anxiety, depression, low motivation, or addiction, you can recover. Bumps on the Road of Life is the story of how people get off track and how to get your life out of the ditch.
Casino Robbery is a novel about a man with PTSD who must cope with his symptoms to solve a mystery and create a new life.
For these and my upcoming books; please visit my Amazon Author Page – David Joel Miller
Want the latest blog posts as they publish? Subscribe to this blog.
Want the latest on news from recoveryland, the field of counseling, my writing projects, speaking and teaching? Please sign up for my newsletter at – Newsletter. I promise not to share your email or to send you spam, and you can unsubscribe at any time.
For more about David Joel Miller and my work in the areas of mental health, substance abuse, and Co-occurring disorders see my Facebook author's page, davidjoelmillerwriter. A list of books I have read and can recommend is over at Recommended Books . If you are in the Fresno California area, information about my private practice is at counselorfresno.com.
Advertisements
