ES Football Newsletter Enter your email address Please enter an email address is invalid Fill out this field Email address is invalid You already have an account. Please log in or register with your social account
Marc Overmars today claimed he would one day be willing to return to Arsenal as part of the club's backroom staff.
The 39-year-old scored 41 goals in 142 appearances for the Gunners between 1997 and 2000 and is still in regular contact with Arsene Wenger.
Overmars was appointed technical director at Ajax last summer but revealed he is keen on a return to England should he be approached by his former club.
Arsenal are searching for a new academy director after Liam Brady announced his decision to step down next year and with manager Wenger's future at the club also uncertain beyond the end of next season, a major reshuffle could occur.
Overmars told Standard Sport: “When you get older as a player, you work out what your qualities are for the future. I was quite fast to realise being a manager was not my job.
“The way I work with Ajax, I do the transfers, the contracts and organise the scouting, so it suits me. It wouldn't surprise me if I work in the future at Arsenal — it could be a possibility.
“I've never discussed it with Arsene Wenger. But if the board think about the future and make a list of people to work at the club, it wouldn't surprise me if I am on the list of people.
“However, at this moment, I want to stay at Ajax.”
Much has changed since Overmars (above) left the club to join Barcelona in a £25million deal almost 13 years ago, not the least Arsenal's move to Emirates Stadium at Ashburton Grove.
The Gunners have not won any silverware since 2005 — a year before they moved to their new 60,000-capacity home — and Overmars believes Arsenal “lost their aura” by making the switch from Highbury.
The Dutchman claims the club have suffered in the same way Ajax did in the mid-1990s, when leaving their old stadium and relocating to the Amsterdam ArenA in 1996.
They won the UEFA Cup in 1992 and the European Cup in 1995 before reaching the final again in 1996 but have not won a major European title since.
Speaking ahead of Sunday's Barclays Premier League clash between Tottenham and Arsenal, Overmars said: “I went back to Highbury to look around that area and still felt such a power there.
“When we were playing at home, we were unbeatable. That's how we felt. But that's the problem with a bigger stadium, often you lose that aura.
“It used to be intimidating at Highbury — that is the difference between the new stadium and the old one. When you build a new stadium, you must try to get the people as close as possible to the pitch.
“I was playing with Ajax in the old stadium and then the new stadium and we had the same problem.
“All the opponents wanted to play in this nice stadium so you lose that home advantage. They should have used more things from the old stadium in the new one.”
Marc Overmars was speaking ahead of the north London Derby in the Barclays Premier League. To join in on the conversation, look at the @BarclaysFooty Twitter feed and use the #NorthLondonDerby hashtag
For Egypt, the U.S. Government has effectively whitewashed gross abuses of human rights, even as it approved giving $6.5 billion in aid illegally, as suggested in a government report released on May 12.
That U.S. GAO Report– by the official, independent U.S. watchdog, the Governmental Accountability Office -- shows the failure of the system, meant for implementing U.S. worldwide laws against aid to brutal abusers of human rights. In practice, the U.S. systematically winks at, for example, Egypt's “Ministry of Interior – an organization identified by State as having security force units of concern for human rights violations” (page 32).
The report is a major exploration (77 concentrated pages) of how the U.S. State (and Defense) departments turn a blind eye to measures like, most recently, el-Sisi's current brutal crackdown which includes recent massive arrests of peaceful protesters, long prison terms for demonstrators, smashing of human rights groups and jailing their attorneys, and the infamous covering-up at the highest levels of the torture-murder of the Italian student, Giulio Regeni.
Throughout the world, U.S. law requires its basic law of aid – known as the “Leahy Law” – that forbids aid to those with credible evidence of human rights abuses. The GAO studied (for 2011-2015 with aid of roughly $1.3 billion aid to Egypt annually) the workings in the U.S. Embassy in Cairo of the U.S.'s worldwide (for relevant aid receivers) database of rights abusers. The abuser database did, occasionally, flash red lights about units like the Ministry of the Interior, and, the Cairo police. There were even infrequent occasions (in Morsi's time) that the State Department did its job and created barriers or “tensions” about aid going to some abusive Egyptian officials and security units.
But, then, the U.S. system has used many ways, the GAO report showed, to condone the Egyptian government despite abuses. First, it simply allows Egypt to get away with not responding to questions. “In a postshipment check involving the transfer of riot control items, such as rubber ball cartridges and smoke grenades, to the Egyptian Ministry of the Interior, the Egyptian government did not respond to a [State Department] question . . . . [Yet] State closed [this] . . . as favorable.” “Riot control” sounds like el-Sisi's version of crushing the demonstrations -- what observers reported as peaceful protest.
Second, State was slightly tougher on the Morsi regime ending in 2013, but seems fully to condone the worse abuses of the el-Sisi regime. The GAO closely analyzed statistical evidence of the vetting of security forces that got coveted U.S.-funded training. While overall “State rejected” in 2011-2015 “less than 1 percent of the total cases vetted,” the figures for el-Sisi's time were even more condoning – the State Department “has not rejected any cases since fiscal year 2013, including no cases since the removal of President Morsi in July 2013. (Pages 37-38)” No cases? At all? Is this the same Egypt of el-Sisi that is constantly castigated by international human rights groups, and has outraged all Europe by the Regeni matter?
By the way, in what might be deemed the cover-up in Washington of the cover-up in Egypt, State gagged the GAO about telling how bad State was in its delinquency in vetting. These figures were key to GAO's blunt conclusion: ‘State and DOD [Defense] are not in compliance with their policies regarding human rights vetting (page 38).” State gagged GAO this way: “State deemed our [GAO] estimate of the percentage of Egyptian security forces that were not vetted . . . to be sensitive but unclassified information. We therefore omitted that information from this report. (page 38)”
This is no small matter: GAO emphasizes State's gag order, about how bad was its delinquency, in both its one-page summary and in its cover letter to Congress (page 3). I understand GAO lost two whole months trying to get State to let it report its figures. State clung to shielding its own flagrant delinquency in outing abusers.
Even when State did vet, the U.S. Embassy in Cairo had abdicated its duty to build up the abuser database. The Embassy may have put some names in, but none of the back-up documentation needed to hold the line against named abusers. The chapter heading in GAO's report says the “U.S. Government . . . Has Weaknesses or Gaps in … Documentation.” Specifically, “Embassy Cairo has recorded little information on human rights abuses by Egyptian officials in [the abuser database] since the beginning of fiscal year 2011, despite State requirements to do so.” The U.S. Embassy has the vital documentation of human rights abuse, but, apparently it throws this away.
Advertisement
An incredible labyrinth of forgotten Second World War tunnels built beneath the White Cliffs of Dover will reopen to the public today for the first time in 40 years.
The Fan Bay Deep Shelter was carved out of chalk in just 100 days in the 1940s as part of Dover's connected gun battery armaments aimed at foiling Nazi shipping movements in the Channel.
After remaining bricked up for more than 40 years, it will open to the public today following an 18-month project and 3,000 man hours of restoration work.
Scroll down for video
National Trust Project Manager Jon Barker (left) and volunteer Gordon Wise wear head torches to inspect the underground tunnels at Dover
Built in 1940, the tunnels were home to gun battery teams operating on the coastline during the Second World War. Pictured is Mr Wise - one of hundreds of volunteers who helped restore the tunnels
Located 75ft below the coastline, Mr Wise explores the tunnels as the National Trust prepares to open them to the public today
Lying 75ft below the Kent coastline, the 3,500 sq ft of interconnecting tunnels, which are reinforced with iron girders and metal sheeting, accommodated four officers and up to 185 men during the war.
The shelter - which was personally inspected by Winston Churchill in 1941 - was decommissioned in the 1950s before being filled in with rubble and soil and abandoned during the 1970s.
Officials at the National Trust say the tunnels are a 'time capsule', giving fascinating insights into war-time life, with graffiti-covered walls, discarded ammunition and even a pools coupon found in the depths.
Following their rediscovery, 100 tonnes of rubble and soil were removed by hand in a project involving more than 50 National Trust volunteers, archaeologists, mine consultants, engineers and a geologist.
Jon Barker, visitor experience manager at the White Cliffs, said: 'This rediscovered piece of the country's Second World War heritage is a truly remarkable find.
'There has been no public access to the tunnels for over 40 years and so they remain much as they were when they were abandoned. We've carried out extensive conservation work to preserve both the natural decay and authentic atmosphere of the space.'
Following their rediscovery, 100 tonnes of rubble and soil were removed by hand in a project involving more than 50 National Trust volunteers
There has been no public access to the tunnels for more than 40 years, but starting tomorrow, they will be reopened for tours
The shelter was carved out of the chalk by Royal Engineers from the 172nd Tunnelling Company in 1940. Pictured is graffiti dated January 20, 1941
The shelter was carved out of the chalk by Royal Engineers from the 172nd Tunnelling Company and had a hospital, secure store and five large chambers providing bomb-proof accommodation.
And behind the heavy security doors and the 125 steps descending to the tunnels lie poignant reminders of the tunnel's war-time history.
Etched into the chalk inside the tunnels is a large amount of graffiti, including names of military personnel, coarse inscriptions and an intricate 3D face of a young man, possibly a portrait.
Some of the inscriptions are accompanied by the regiment of soldiers, most notably from the Royal Engineers - 1941 is the most popular date which features alongside the signatures.
Written in chalk on a steel shuttering alongside where a bunk bed once stood is the phrase 'Russia bleeds whilst Britain Blancos' - a popular slogan adopted by disaffected soldiers referring to Blanco, a substance they used to clean and colour their equipment.
Other finds included pieces of wire twisted into home-made hooks by soldiers to hang their uniforms, and a Unity Pools football coupon dated February 20, 1943, recording 14 football matches.
One of the first discoveries made by volunteers when they entered the tunnels was of a needle and thread, believed to be khaki wool, tucked into the tunnel wall.
Pictured is graffiti found etched into the walls inside the tunnels. Pieces of writing, inscriptions and items offer a rare glimpse into wartime Britain
Pictured is one of two First World War sound mirrors which are also located at the site. Sound mirrors gave advanced notice of approaching enemy aircraft but became obsolete with the invention of radar in the 1930s
Bullets, including British .303 cartridges and American 30 calibre ammunition rounds, were also found throughout the tunnels, often tucked into small gaps in metal sheeting.
Two rare First World War sound mirrors also form part of the site.
Regarded as one of the first early warning devices invented in Britain, sound mirrors gave advanced notice of approaching enemy aircraft but became obsolete with the invention of radar technology in the 1930s.
White Cliffs volunteer Gordon Wise said: 'Seeing the tunnels in their raw state when they were first discovered, handling artefacts and giving tours is like standing in the footsteps of history.
'To be part of the digging team, mirroring the work the Royal Engineers originally took to excavate the shelter, was very special. I can't wait to see what visitors make of Fan Bay Deep Shelter.'
The tunnels - once manned by troops from the 203rd Coast Battery, Royal Artillery, later becoming the 540th Coast Regiment - lie beneath land bought by the National Trust in 2012 following a £1.2million public appeal.
Guides will lead hard hat and torch-lit tours deep below the White Cliffs of Dover, telling people the story of the tunnels' creation, use and abandonment in the 1970s.
The National Trust is asking for help in identifying the men from the 172nd Tunnelling Company, the 203rd Coast Battery and 540th Coast Regiment, Royal Artillery and asking anyone with information to contact the White Cliffs.
By By Ken Hanly Sep 14, 2013 in Health Baghdad - The issue of cancer and the use of Depleted Uranium in munitions during the Iraq war dates back to 2004. In 2013 WHO still refuses to release reports and relevant information about the incidence of cancer in effected areas of Iraq. The main author Dr. Keith Baverstock alleges that the publication was deliberately blocked although WHO denies this allegation. Yet history seems to be repeating itself. A WHO-Iraqi Ministry of Health Report on cancers and birth defects in Iraq was scheduled to be released in November 2012 but publication has been delayed repeatedly and now there is not even a release date scheduled. The study even now remains "classified". In an article in the "A US military physicist assigned to clean up the Gulf war battlefield across the border in Kuwait said, "Each round fired by an A-10 Warthog attack aircraft carried over 4,500 grams of solid uranium. Well over 300 tons of DU was used. It was a form of nuclear warfare." " The US government has reportedly pressured WHO on the issue of depleted uranium and cancer. Hans von Sponeck, former Assistant Secretary General of the United Nations said: “The US government sought to prevent the WHO from surveying areas in southern Iraq where depleted uranium had been used and caused serious health and environmental dangers.” (quoted in Mozhgan Savabieasfahani Rise of Cancers and Birth Defects in Iraq: World Health Organization Refuses to Release Data, Global Research, July 31, 2013) The report that is still to be released covered 10,800 households and contains "damning evidence" according an Iraqi ministry official. The report says that birth defects have risen to a crisis level in those areas of Iraq where weapons using DU were used by the US and Britain. Some of the evidence is discussed in the appended video. UPDATE: WHO has just released an In 2004 a World Health Organization (WHO) expert report “on the long-term health of Iraq's civilian population resulting from depleted uranium (DU) weapons”, was “held secret” by the WHO. The study was by three leading radiation scientists and warned that children and adults could contract cancer by breathing in the radioactive, toxic dust containing depleted uranium used in weapons.The main author Dr. Keith Baverstock alleges that the publication was deliberately blocked although WHO denies this allegation. Yet history seems to be repeating itself. A WHO-Iraqi Ministry of Health Report on cancers and birth defects in Iraq was scheduled to be released in November 2012 but publication has been delayed repeatedly and now there is not even a release date scheduled. The study even now remains "classified". According to references in Wikipedia, the World Health Organization, states that no risk of reproductive, developmental, or carcinogenic effects have been reported in humans due to DU exposure. This is clearly inconsistent with what has been reported in the documents they refuse to release. A study in Fallujah in 2012 found the highest rate of genetic damage of any population ever studied. However no DU was found in soil samples studied but there was a military assault on Fallujah in 2004.In an article in the Guardian John Pilger reports:The US government has reportedly pressured WHO on the issue of depleted uranium and cancer. Hans von Sponeck, former Assistant Secretary General of the United Nations said:(quoted in Mozhgan Savabieasfahani Rise of Cancers and Birth Defects in Iraq: World Health Organization Refuses to Release Data, Global Research, July 31, 2013)The report that is still to be released covered 10,800 households and contains "damning evidence" according an Iraqi ministry official. The report says that birth defects have risen to a crisis level in those areas of Iraq where weapons using DU were used by the US and Britain. Some of the evidence is discussed in the appended video.UPDATE: WHO has just released an anonymous short report that finds no increase in birth defects in areas where there was DU employed. A critical evaluation of the report can be found here. This opinion article was written by an independent writer. The opinions and views expressed herein are those of the author and are not necessarily intended to reflect those of DigitalJournal.com More about Whom, Depleted uranium, cancer and DU in Iraq More news from Who Depleted uranium cancer and DU in Ira...
WASHINGTON ― President Donald Trump signed an executive order Friday that bans Syrians from taking refuge in the United States, halts the U.S. refugee resettlement program for four months and temporarily blocks people from a handful of unnamed countries from entering the U.S. at all.
“I am establishing new vetting measures to keep radical Islamic terrorists out of the United States of America. We don't want them here,” he said at a swearing-in ceremony at the Pentagon for Secretary of Defense James Mattis. “We don't want to admit into our country the very threats we are fighting overseas.”
It's not the blanket ban on Muslims that Trump advocated for during his campaign, and it does not single out any country by name other than Syria for its refugees.
But Trump did say earlier in the day that he would prioritize helping Syrian Christians. He also mentioned “radical Islamic terrorists” while signing it. And in the text, it carves out an exception for admitting refugees who are religious minorities even while nearly all others will be barred for 120 days.
Here's what the order will do, with immediate effect:
Block refugee admissions from the war-torn country of Syria indefinitely.
Suspend refugee admissions from all countries for 120 days. During that period, the government can accept refugees on a case-by-case basis, but only in the following scenarios: if they are a religious minority facing religious persecution, if the U.S. must admit the person to meet an international agreement, or if they are already in transit and denying admission would cause undue hardship. After that period, the U.S. will only accept refugees from countries jointly approved by the Department of Homeland Security, the State Department and the Director of National Intelligence.
Cap total refugee admissions for fiscal year 2017 at 50,000 ― less than half of the 110,000 proposed by the Obama administration.
Ban for 90 days all “immigrant and nonimmigrant” entry of individuals from countries referred to in section 217(a)(12) of the INA, 8 U.S.C. 1187(a)(12).
Suspend visa issuance to countries of “particular concern.” After 60 days, DHS, the State Department and DNI are instructed to draft a list of countries that don't comply with requests for information. Foreign nationals from those countries will be banned from entering the U.S.
Expedite the completion of a biometric entry-exit tracking system for all visitors to the U.S. and require in-person interviews for all individuals seeking a nonimmigrant visa.
Suspend the visa interview waiver program indefinitely and review whether existing reciprocity agreements are reciprocal in practice.
Huffington Post Shaker (L), Hajar (C) and Nabiha Darbi (R) are Syrian refugees living in Jersey City, NJ. Since arriving in the U.S. about 18 months ago, they've become almost fluent in English and are working hard in school in order to one day go to college and give back to their new country in meaningful ways.
The executive order, one of many during Trump's first week in office, is a radical departure from President Barack Obama's efforts to admit more refugees and improve relationships with Muslims.
The State Department is working to implement the executive order's changes immediately, spokesman Mark Toner said in a statement. He said the agency will announce changes affecting travelers as soon as possible.
The new policies are expected to affect tens of thousands of people: refugees preparing to come to the U.S.; foreign nationals, immigrants and would-be visitors from designated countries; and Americans whose families will now be unable to visit.
Trump's executive action, a draft of which The Huffington Post obtained earlier this week, fulfills his campaign promise to bar Syrian refugees and partially fulfills his vow to temporarily ban Muslims from the U.S. — a promise he later amended to apply only to people from certain Muslim-majority countries.
During his run for president, Trump repeatedly suggested that Syrian refugees and Muslim immigrants are likely terrorists. There is no proven link between refugees and terrorism. Nearly 800,000 refugees have come to the U.S. since Sept. 11, 2001, but fewer than 20 have been arrested on terrorism charges during that time, according to the State Department.
Advocates for civil rights, religious liberty, refugees and immigrants decried Trump's decision as unjust, unnecessary and even harmful.
“If terrorism and economic development are indeed related, more migration decreases the opportunity for terrorism,” Vincenzo Bove, an associate professor of politics at the University of Warwick in Britain and the lead author of a 2016 University of Chicago study that found no link between refugees and terror, said in The Washington Post last year.
Half of all terrorist attacks carried out in the U.S. since 9/11 were committed by people born in the U.S., according to a 2015 New York Times analysis.
Halting immigration from the designated countries “does nothing but plays in the hands of our enemies, it does not strengthen our security,” Khizr Khan, a Trump critic and the father of a Muslim-American soldier killed in Iraq, said on a call with reporters Friday.
The order may also endanger U.S. national security interests, experts said, by imperiling strategic alliances in the Middle East and possibly even playing into the hands of militant organizations like the so-called Islamic State.
The order may be “a gift to ISIS,” former Secretary of State Madeleine Albright said Thursday. “I have no doubt that they will use this order as propaganda” to support their anti-Western rhetoric.
Handout . / Reuters More than 1 million refugees traveled to Europe by sea in 2015. Thousands died along the way.
A total of 65 million people are displaced worldwide, about 21 million of whom are refugees, according to U.N. data, a number that hasn't been seen since World War II.
The Syrian conflict alone has created more than 4.8 million refugees, most of whom are still stuck in neighboring countries like Jordan, Lebanon and Turkey. An additional 6.6 million people are internally displaced.
The U.S. has long been the global leader in refugee resettlement, although more than 99 percent of refugees are never placed in other countries, according to UNHCR. Obama, heeding calls from many to take greater responsibility in light of the worsening crisis, raised resettlement quotas from 70,000 people in the 2015 fiscal year to 85,000 in 2016. He also pledged to award at least 10,000 of the 2016 slots for Syrians. Obama proposed admitting 110,000 refugees in the 2017 fiscal year; Trump's order cuts that by more than half.
Trump's refugee order isn't entirely unprecedented. The U.S. suspended refugee resettlement for two months following the September 11 terrorist attacks. But since then the government increased its screening measures substantially.
Today, all refugees go through an extensive vetting process that typically lasts between 18 to 24 months, with additional screening for those from Syria and Iraq.
But many Republicans say that the screening is insufficient. After a terrorist attack in Paris in 2015, more than half of U.S. governors ― including Vice President Mike Pence, then governor of Indiana ― tried to block Syrian refugees from resettling in their states. Courts blocked states' efforts to ban Syrian refugees because the power to set that immigration policy goes to the federal government.
Earlier in the day, Trump issued a statement on Holocaust Remembrance Day that spoke about “the victims, survivors, heroes of the Holocaust” without once naming who most of them were: Jews persecuted and discriminated against based on their religion.
“In the name of the perished, I pledge to do everything in my power throughout my Presidency, and my life, to ensure that the forces of evil never again defeat the powers of good,” Trump said. “Together, we will make love and tolerance prevalent throughout the world.”
Then, now and forever... #HolocaustRemembranceDay (🎨: @isabella.carapella) A video posted by Huffington Post (@huffingtonpost) on Jan 27, 2017 at 7:48am PST
How will Trump's first 100 days impact you? Sign up for our weekly newsletter and get breaking updates on Trump's presidency by messaging us here.
You are purchasing a pair of FACTORY-REMANUFACTURED AKG K545BLK-Z studio-quality headphones with enhanced bass reponse, extreme connectivity and a lush, comfortable fit. It comes direct from our factory, complete with accessories and the factory warranty. At a glance:Exceptional studio-quality soundUniversal, multi-device connectivityLong-lasting comfortFoldable, Portable, SecureExceptional studio-quality soundUtilizing the largest drivers AKG offers, the K545s have been designed with the further advantage of noise-reducing, better-fitting ear cups and a merging of open-back and closed-back headphone design.
This delivers a wide frequency response for crisp highs and enhanced bass for a rich, satisfying AKG sound.Universal, multi-device connectivityThe K545 comes with two detachable cables, providing you access to the widest array of devices/equipment. The K545s one-button remote with mic is compatible with most smartphones while its three-button remote with mic cable is compatible with Apple devices. Both connections allow you to play and pause music or answer and end calls without ever needing to remove your headphones.Long-lasting comfortExperience the luxurious fit of supple protein leather ear cups in a lighter weight, slightly reduced version of the K550 ? with advanced listening results from reduced noise and better-fitting access to studio-quality sound.Foldable, Portable, SecureProof that the K545 is designed for the on-the-go lifestyle is found in its unique 2D Axis folding mechanism.
On 9 March 2017, an ordinary Thursday morning, Ian Stubbings, a 35-year-old Londoner, was walking down the street near his office in South Kensington when he spotted a familiar face. He turned and saw a man entering the redbrick terrace which houses the Ecuadorian embassy, where the WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange has been holed up since 2012. And the familiar face? It was Nigel Farage, the man who spearheaded Britain's exit from the European Union.
“I thought ‘hang on a moment',” Stubbings says. “‘That looks a bit dodgy.' I knew the building was the embassy because I often see camera crews outside. But there was no one else around. I was the only person who'd seen him. And I didn't know what the significance was – and I still don't actually – but I thought: that's got to be worth telling and I was the only person who'd witnessed it.”
So, at 11.22am, he tweeted it. His handle is @custardgannet and he wrote: “Genuine scoop: just saw Nigel Farage enter the Ecuadorian embassy.” Moments later, a reporter from BuzzFeed, who happened to follow him on Twitter, picked it up and tweeted him back, and Stubbings told her: “No press or cameras around.”
No press or cameras around, that is, until BuzzFeed turned up just in time to catch Farage leaving, 40 minutes later. “Nigel Farage Just Visited the Ecuadorian Embassy in London,” the headline said. “Asked by BuzzFeed News if he'd been visiting Julian Assange, the former Ukip leader said he could not remember what he had been doing in the building.”
And that was how the world found out, by accident, that the founder of WikiLeaks, the organisation which published Hillary Clinton's leaked emails – a decisive advantage for Donald Trump's campaign – and Farage, a friend of Donald Trump, were mutually acquainted.
In Britain, we routinely treat Farage as if he were Widow Twankey in the national pantomime that is Ukip politics. And Widow Twankey dropping by on the man who lives in the Ecuadorian embassy's broom cupboard seemed just one more weird moment in the weird times in which we now live; six weeks on, it had faded into yet another episode in the surreality show that now passes for normality.
But in a week that saw two major developments on both sides of the Atlantic regarding the respective roles that Assange and Farage played in the US election and the EU referendum – the same week in which a UK general election was announced – it is an attitude that needs urgent re-examination.
For if you were to pick three individuals who had the most decisive impact on that most decisive of years, 2016, it would be hard to see beyond Trump, Assange and Farage. What was not known until Ian Stubbings decided to go for an early lunch is that there is a channel of communication between them.
Last week brought this more clearly into focus. Because in a shock development last Thursday, the US justice department announced it had prepared charges with a view to arresting Assange. A day later, the Electoral Commission announced it was investigating Leave.EU – the Brexit campaign Farage headed.
Significantly, the commission said its investigation was “focused on whether one or more donations – including of services – accepted by Leave.EU was impermissible”.
One of the grounds on which a donation can be deemed “impermissible” is that it comes from abroad. A fundamental principle of British democracy and our electoral laws is that foreign citizens and foreign companies cannot buy influence in British elections via campaign donations.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest The Ecuadorian embassy in west London. Photograph: Will Oliver/EPA
Robert Mercer, the billionaire hedge fund owner, bankrolled the Trump campaign and his company, Cambridge Analytica, the Observer has revealed, donated services to Leave.EU. If this issue forms part of the Electoral Commission investigation, this isn't just a case of possibly breaking rules by overspending a few pounds. It goes to the heart of the integrity of our democratic system. Did Leave.EU seek to obtain foreign support for a British election? And, if so, does this constitute “foreign subversion”?
What did or didn't happen on 9 March may perhaps reveal clues to understanding this. To unravelling the links between WikiLeaks, the UK and the Trump administration – an administration embroiled in ever deeper connections to the Russian state. Between Trump – whose campaign was funded by Mercer and who came to power with the help of the same analytics firm now under investigation for its work with Leave.EU – and Brexit.
And 9 March was the day that all these worlds came together – when the cyber-libertarian movement that Assange represents collided headfirst with the global rightwing libertarian movement that Farage represents. When Nigel Farage tripped down the steps of the Ecuadorian embassy – a visit that he did not expect to be photographed or documented – a beam of light was shone on a previously hidden world: a political alignment between WikiLeaks' ideology, Ukip's ideology and Trump's ideology that is not necessarily just an affinity. It is also, potentially, a channel of communication.
David Golumbia, an associate professor at Virginia Commonwealth University in the US who has studied WikiLeaks, describes it as “the moment when the lines suddenly become visible”. He says: “It was like the picture suddenly came into focus. There is this worldwide, rightwing, nationalistic movement that is counter to the EU, and this is present in the US and Europe and Russia, and we are just starting to understand how they do all seem to be in communication and co-ordination with each other.”
In many ways, it wasn't a surprise. There are clear ideological similarities between Assange and Farage. They have both been regulars on RT, Russia's state-sponsored news channel. They have both been paid – indirectly by the Russian state – to appear on it. Ben Nimmo, a defence analyst with the Atlantic Council's Digital Forensic Research Lab, points out that Farage has voted systematically in favour of Russian interests in the European parliament. “There is very, very strong support for the Kremlin among the far right in Europe. And Farage is squarely in that bloc with the likes of the Front National in France and Jobbik in Hungary.”
In February, when I started my investigation into Leave.EU and Cambridge Analytica, I met Andy Wigmore, its director of communications, for a coffee and he told me that Farage was in the US, where he was going to be making a big platform speech at CPAC, the US conservative conference. “And it's not going to be his normal ‘Mr Brexit' speech,” he said. “He's going to be talking about the need for closer relations with Russia.” Really? I said. That sounds odd.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Julian Assange making a speech from the balcony of the embassy last year. Photograph: Peter Nicholls/Reuters
“What? No way. Farage has been across the subject for years in the European parliament.” It didn't make much sense at the time – and, in fact, that wasn't the speech that Farage made. On 24 February, he told the crowd: “Our real friends in the world speak English.” The next evening he had dinner with Trump at the Washington Trump hotel and tweeted a photo of him with “the Donald” in the early hours of the morning.
Eleven days later, he headed off to the Ecuadorian embassy. BuzzFeed's story dropped at 1.31pm. And, 57 minutes later, at 2.28pm, WikiLeaks made an announcement: it would host a live press conference by Julian Assange about his latest leak, “Vault 7”.
The timing of this was lost in the “isn't that bizarre?” tone of the coverage. And, maybe, also, it's only with distance that it raises significant questions – not least because the complex web of connections between the Trump administration is a challenge for even hardened US newshounds to follow.
Nearly every day of 2017 has brought forth some new nugget of fact about “Trump-Russia” but this was a tough week for Trump, even by his standards. The “witch-hunt”, as he's termed it, was gathering pace. On 2 March, his attorney general, Jeff Sessions, recused himself from the Trump-Russia investigation and, on 4 March, Trump retaliated in a tweetstorm which accused Obama of “wiretapping” him.
And then, on 7 March, he finally caught a break. Some other news came along to knock him off the front page. For more than a month, WikiLeaks had been periodically issuing cryptic tweets about Vault 7. A month passed before it finally landed: a leak that, whether by accident or design, embarrassed the CIA.
WikiLeaks' data trove had come from what it called “the CIA's global hacking force”, its Center for Cyber Intelligence. “CIA scrambles to contain damage from WikiLeaks documents,” said the headline in what Trump calls the “failing New York Times”. The documents apparently showed that the CIA had the capability to hack a huge number of devices, not just phones but also TVs. In the midst of the most serious investigation of foreign cyber-interference in a current administration in US history, vivid revelations about the US's similar capacity to interfere abroad had hit the headlines.
A highly placed contact with links to US intelligence told the Observer: “When the heat is turned up and all electronic communication, you have to assume, is being intensely monitored, then those are the times when intelligence communication falls back on human couriers. Where you have individuals passing information in ways and places that cannot be monitored.”
When asked about the meeting in the embassy, Farage said: “I never discuss where I go or who I see.”
In October, Roger Stone, a Republican strategist whose links to Russia are currently under investigation by the FBI, told a local CBS reporter about “a back-channel communication with Assange, because we have a good mutual friend … that friend travels back and forth from the United States to London and we talk”. Asked directly by the Observer if Nigel Farage was that friend, his spokesman said: “Definitely not.”
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Arron Banks with Nigel Farage in 2014. Photograph: Matt Cardy/Getty Images
And in some ways, this may not be the point. A channel exists. In the perfect storm of fake news, disinformation and social media in which we now live, WikiLeaks is, in many ways, the swirling vortex at the centre of everything. Farage's relationship with the organisation is just one of a whole host of questions to which we currently have no answer.
Some of those questions dog Arron Banks, the Bristol businessman who bankrolled Leave.EU and who announced last week that he is standing for election in Clacton. When I interviewed him last month, he said: “Not a single penny of Russian money has been put into Brexit” – though that wasn't a question I had asked him.
He is, however, openly pro-Putin and anti-democracy. “It's not possible to run that entire country [Russia] as a pure democracy,” he said. When asked about the investigation into Leave.EU's campaign finances, he told me: “I don't give a monkey's about the Electoral Commission.”
Contact the Guardian securely Read more
On Friday night, he released a letter saying that he would no longer co-operate with the commission – a body mandated by parliament to uphold UK electoral law – and said he would “see them in court”.
As Britain hurtles towards a general election to choose a government that will take us out of the European Union, this may be the moment to realise that Nigel Farage is not Widow Twankey, and that this is not a pantomime. Farage's politics and his relationships are more complicated than we, the British press, have previously realised. His relationship to Mercer and Cambridge Analytica, the same firm that helped Trump to power, is now under official investigation. Every day, more and more questions are being asked about that administration.
Yet, here in Britain, we plunge blindly on. Real, hard questions need to asked about what exactly these relationships are and what they mean. Don't they?
Bethesda's new mobile game Fallout Shelter has become a roaring success since its release last month on iOS, but the big question since has been when will Android users get to play? For week's now, Bethesda has maintained that an Android version of the free-to-play mobile game is in development, but estimates that it won't be out for at least "a few months." Thanks to Bethesda's VP of Marketing and PR, Pete Hines, we now have a more specific release window.
While he doesn't have an exact date, Hines revealed on Twitter yesterday that Fallout Shelter should release on Android in August.
@kolos_kovacs coming along nice. haven't announced a date, but should be out next month. we'll let you know when we have specifics — Pete Hines (@DCDeacon) July 1, 2015
Again, this isn't confirmation by any means as that'll likely come from Bethesda when it's official; but, it at least gives us a better idea as to how far along the game is on Android.
Related: The Easy Peasy No Hack Guide to unlimited lunch boxes in Fallout Shelter
For those unfamiliar, Fallout Shelter is a new, free-to-play mobile game inspired by Bethesda's Fallout franchise. Announced at Bethesda's E3 press conference last month, the game is a mix of SimCity, XCOM, FTL, and This War of Mine, putting you in control of a Vault. As Overseer, it's your job to ensure the survival of your fellow Vault dwellers, keeping them happy, managing resources, and exploring the post-apocalyptic world outside.
Earlier this week, Bethesda released a new Legendary Dweller for Fallout Shelter — Preston Garvey of the Commonwealth Minutement. He is the first character from Fallout 4 to arrive in the mobile game.
First of two parts
To Shakespeare, all the world was a stage. To natural philosophers of Newton's era, it was a mechanical clock. Physicists of the 19th century viewed reality more like a steam engine. Today a fair number of scientists regard nature as a computer.
You can't blame scientists for conceiving of the universe in terms familiar from their everyday life. That's just the way that thinking works, whether it's about the laws of nature or anything else. And you have to admit that nowadays computers have invaded everyday life so thoroughly that it's only natural for scientists to think about nature in a computational way.
Fortunately, describing the universe as a computer does make a certain amount of sense. Laws governing how the universe works are expressed in mathematical formulas. You use those formulas to compute what nature will do, such as when the moon will position itself for the next solar eclipse. Just as you do a digital computation to figure out where the moon will be, nature simply conducts a real-time analog computation of its own that puts the moon where it is supposed to be.
Traditionally, the math used for computing physical laws, like Newton's laws of motion, use calculus, designed for tasks like quantifying change by infinitesimal amounts over infinitesimal increments of time. Modern computers can help do the calculating, but they don't work the way nature supposedly does. Today's computers are digital. They process bits and bytes, discrete units of information, not the continuous variables typically involved in calculus.
From time to time in recent decades, scientists have explored the notion that the universe is also digital. Nobel laureate Gerard 't Hooft, for instance, thinks that some sort of information processing on a submicroscopic level is responsible for the quantum features that describe detectable reality. He calls this version of quantum physics the cellular automaton interpretation.
Cellular automata are like simplified computers, implementing algorithms, sets of step-by-step instructions as in computer programs. 't Hooft is not the first to suggest that the universe is in some way like such computers. Cellular automata's origins go back to work by Stanislaw Ulam and John von Neumann in the 1940s and '50s. But their potential for science most deeply was explored in the 1980s by the mathematician Stephen Wolfram. Wolfram left science to become an entrepreneur, but in 2002 he compiled his cellular automaton research into a self-published book called A New Kind of Science.
As described in depth in Wolfram's book, the simplest cellular automata are just rows of squares, like pixels on a computer screen (each pixel is a “cell”). A pixel can be either white or black, corresponding to 0 or 1 as in the binary math used by digital computers.
Suppose that you start out with one black square on the top row of the screen, smack in the middle. All the other pixels are white. A cellular automaton specifies rules for how the colors of the squares should change in each subsequent row. (Technically, we're talking about “time steps,” with each step forward in time progressing down one row.)
Usually, a cellular automaton's rules specify color changes based only on the current color of the square and the color of its immediate neighbors. So for instance, if you start with one black square on the first row, its two neighbors are both white. The rule might be to switch colors if your neighbors are both white, otherwise stay the same. So the center square would switch to white in the second row. Or it might be to switch colors if you are the same color as both your neighbors. Or to switch colors only if both neighbors are the same color as you are.
These examples could go on and on. In fact, there are 256 possible rules for how to change colors for a given starting cell and its two neighbors. (Each of the three can begin either in black or white, giving eight possible starting configurations; a cell can change in two ways for each configuration; and 2 to the 8th power is 256.) Wolfram's book catalogs the properties of all 256 possible cellular automata rules.
Many of the rules produce nothing interesting — after a while, the screen turns all black or all white, for instance. Or a line just runs straight down the center of the screen. Some rules produce interesting patterns, like nested triangles. A little produce enormously complex patterns, and even the impression of motion, such as blocks of black squares moving about the screen and colliding, like billiard balls.
Wolfram's studies led him to conclude that all the complexities of the natural world could evolve from cellular automata–like processes — simple rules applied to simple starting conditions. Like 't Hooft, Wolfram suspected that quantum phenomena could be derived from cellular automata rules, along with the rest of particle physics, relativity and other aspects of physics. Wolfram even contended that biology, including evolution, was the output of cellular automata in action. He suggested that evolution did not require Darwinian natural selection, because all biocomplexity could be produced just by the operation of simple cellular automaton rules.
Wolfram's approach to science has not exactly seized command of the scientific enterprise. But from time to time new papers do appear applying cellular automata to various research fields, including evolution and even the origin of life. In one recent paper, for instance, Theodore Pavlic and colleagues at Arizona State University describe a way that natural selection and cellular automata processes can collaborate in evolution.
While a cellular automaton can evolve into complex patterns, Pavlic and colleagues write, it does not encounter the feedback that occurs in an evolving biological system. With the evolution of life, the natural selection “rules” for survival are imposed by the environment — your best strategy for surviving depends on features of the environment you find yourself in. But as members of a species interact with an environment, they change that environment (by eating prey, for example, or polluting the water, or fertilizing the land). When the environment changes, the rules for surviving may change as well. Life's activity generates feedback that influences the rules of life.
“Each new generation of a population leaves an indelible mark on its environment and thus affects the selective pressures that shape future generations of that population,” Pavlic and colleagues write in their paper.
In cellular automata, the rules are ordinarily specified at the outset, remaining the same for all subsequent time steps. No feedback.
Pavlic and collaborators, though, have developed cellular automata simulations in which the rules do change. At each time step, the cellular automaton assesses its configuration and then chooses a rule based on that configuration. As the configuration changes, the rule changes also.
This approach adds feedback to cellular automata based on their own evolution, like the self-referential feedback in naturally evolving systems. Simulations show that such cellular phenomena develop disconnected regions with complex patterns, sort of like sub-automata operating within the main automaton structure. Conceivably, Pavlic and colleagues suggest, those processes cold be a model for processes like the differentiation of real biological cells within the body to perform specialized functions.
On a deeper level, the idea of self-referential feedback may be crucial not only in the evolution of life, but for its origin as well. It may even be that the algorithmic nature of cellular automata could be the key to removing a major barrier to explaining life's origin — defining what life is to begin with. It's pretty hard to explain the origin of something if you don't know what it is. Two of Pavlic's coauthors explored that notion in sufficient depth to warrant further blogging, in Part 2.
Follow me on Twitter: @tom_siegfried
Image caption Raul Castro wants the Capitolio to become the new home of parliament
It took three months just to get the scaffolding up, but Cuba's biggest restoration project to date is finally under way.
The vast Capitolio, one of the most iconic buildings in Havana, is getting a multi-million dollar facelift.
Once seen as a symbol of bourgeois excess, it will become home to Cuba's Communist parliament.
The announcement that the National Assembly would move there was made by President Raul Castro earlier this year, apparently taking even the restoration team by surprise.
Majestic
But two years after the building closed its doors to the public, its long corridors, terraces and roof are at last filled with noise, dust and workmen.
Image caption Restoration work on the iconic building is expected to take years to complete
"Anyone who visits the Capitolio is impressed by its majestic size and the precious materials that were used," says architect Marilyn Mederos Perez, who admits that she was initially daunted by the restoration task.
"It's a huge challenge, because of its importance," she explains.
The Capitolio was commissioned by President Gerardo Machado after his 1925 election, for what were then two houses of parliament.
Reminiscent of the US Capitol in Washington, it came to represent President Machado's corrupt and authoritarian rule - he was dubbed the "tropical Mussolini".
"Buildings are not to blame for their past, and the Capitolio is a beautiful building," argues Havana City Historian Eusebio Leal, the head of the government office in charge of restoring the city to its former glory.
Since they were given permission to use revenue from tourism to help fund them, his staff have rescued more than 500 structures in Havana.
'Exceptional quality'
The Capitolio is one of the most challenging.
Its construction was part of a flurry of big spending in a country flush with credit from US banks; the Hotel Nacional and main highway across Cuba were other prestige projects begun at the same time.
Image caption Construction on the Capitolio started on 1 April 1926
But in 1933, just two years after the Capitolio was completed and with Cuba in a major economic slump, 22 people were gunned down outside as they demonstrated against the government.
The president's subsequent resignation sparked a wave of vengeance-seeking across Havana, but remarkably the ransacking crowds largely spared the Capitolio.
"No-one sacked the building, they only touched the face," points out Mr Leal, referring to President Machado's image which was scratched out from the bas-relief on the Capitolio's doors.
Image caption President Machado's relief was the only thing vandalised by crowds in 1933
With its classical columns and enormous, echoing salons, the Capitolio weathered the following decades relatively well compared with other structures in Havana's once grand and now dilapidated centre.
The architects involved attribute its endurance to the "exceptional" materials and fine quality of the original work - by an American construction firm.
But the restoration task remains complex.
Marked by history
Work is already under way to seal and re-cover the leaking roof that has allowed tropical downpours to warp walls and drip puddles onto the marble floors.
Image caption The walls and paintwork have suffered damp damage
Traces of the building's use since the revolution must be removed: Fidel Castro dissolved parliament until 1976, so the Capitolio instead first housed the Academy of Sciences, and later Cuba's Science Ministry.
The electric wiring has not been updated for decades, the pipes have corroded and the entire place needs to be brought into the 21st Century with air conditioning, proper fire-detection systems and security.
"There's no conflict" over the use of the building though, according to Kenia Diaz of the city historians' office.
She points out that restorers prefer to return buildings to their original use where possible, though she admits that putting politicians back in the Capitolio has made the project "a little complicated".
There do not appear to be enough seats in the chamber for a start, and the deputies' wooden desks are inset with ink-wells, not internet points.
Everything from the main podium to the elaborate lifts is embossed with the symbol of the pre-revolutionary Cuban Republic.
Nation's heritage
The Capitolio will be a radically different setting from the functional brown brick, wood and carpet of the 1970s convention centre the National Assembly uses today.
Image caption The National Assembly has little of the glamour of the Capitolio in its heyday
Instead, the Communist deputies will convene beneath weighty chandeliers and a newly gold-coated dome. They will step through marble-floored halls, lined with giant shining bronze candelabras from Tiffany's.
"I believe it will be a jewel of Havana," argues Mr Leal, unfazed by the oddity. He stresses that the Capitolio will also open its doors again to the public: Cuba's parliament only holds two sessions a year.
Image caption The restoration work is a slow and painstaking task
The restorers were given an initial budget for the building of $6m (£3.8m) but will not be drawn on a final price tag. They insist there is no way of costing such a "unique" project.
"Restoring a building of this kind is always an undertaking that costs millions," concedes Mr Leal.
"But you cannot neglect the demanding and splendid task of restoring heritage, even in times of poverty," he argues. "A nation's heritage is its spirit."
On the streets outside, locals tend to agree.
"It's definitely worth restoring," argues Roberto Gregorio. "Not only the Capitolio, but many buildings in Cuba. It's urgent."
"It's for us, and for humanity," Nancy Perez agrees, despite the cost.
A few steps away, the cement mixers are already whirling and stone cutters screech.
With a team of some 200, the Capitolio should be restored and ready to re-open within five years. That is roughly the length of time in which it was originally built.
Senators from both sides of the aisle are proposing a restriction on sales or transfers of US-made air-to-ground weapons to Saudi Arabia. The Saudis' bombing of Yemen, they say, are not in the US national interest.
US Senators Chris Murphy (D-Connecticut) and Rand Paul (R-Kentucky) introduced their joint resolution on Wednesday, a week after Human Rights Watch (HRW) claimed that US-supplied bombs were used by the Saudi Arabia-led coalition in one of its deadliest attacks yet in Yemen.
“Saudi Arabia is an important partner, but we must acknowledge when a friend's actions aren't in our national interest. I have yet to see evidence that the civil war we're supplying and supporting in Yemen advances our national security,” Sen. Murphy said in a statement.
The Murphy-Paul proposal focuses on an arms sales approval process stipulated by the Arms Export Control Act. Particularly, it adds another layer of scrutiny on the way to sealing a deal with Saudi Arabia, one of America's largest arms recipients.
Saudi Air Force struck Yemeni marketplace with US bombs – HRW https://t.co/LemSJqmEZhpic.twitter.com/fVPLIWgb95 — RT (@RT_com) April 7, 2016
If the measure passes, it would require a US president to certify that its Middle Eastern ally is indeed performing actions aimed at fighting terrorists and protecting civilians.
“The more it drags on, the clearer it becomes that our military involvement on behalf of the Saudi-led coalition is prolonging human suffering in Yemen and aiding the very groups that are intent on attacking us,” Murphy argued, warning that this is fueling anti-American sentiment among Yemenis.
“This will come back to haunt us,” he added in his written statement.
The Connecticut senator further commented that the Saudi fight against Islamic State (IS, formerly ISIS/ISIL) and extremist groups should be its military priority, and not be distracted by its “proxy wars with Iran.”
READ MORE: ‘Tyrannical aggression': 1,000s protest Saudi-led airstrikes in Yemen 1 year on
Senator Paul, Murphy's sole supporter so far, agrees that the sale of US-made air-to-ground munitions to the Saudis should be halted until Congress conducts “proper oversight.”
“For too long the Obama administration has not been holding countries receiving U.S. military munitions accountable in the Middle East,” Paul said in a statement. “It is no secret that Saudi Arabia's record on strictly targeting combatants and legitimate military targets in Yemen have been questionable.”
The Murphy-Paul resolution specifically highlights four conditions that the President's certification must attest.
The White House would have to make sure that Saudi Arabia is not providing funding, material support, or lethal aid to foreign terrorist groups and establish that the Saudis are minimizing risks to civilian populated areas while also ensuring humanitarian assistance. The president would also have to certify that Saudi military actions are aimed at terrorist groups, “including Al-Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula and affiliates of the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant as part of its military operations in Yemen.”
However, there is little chance that the bipartisan proposal will garner much support in Congress, especially given the decades-long alliance between Washington and Riyadh. The Senate hasn't taken a vote to prevent arms sales to Saudi Arabia for three decades, The Washington Post reported.
“There's very little likelihood that this will pass,” Chris Hedges, author and former Middle East bureau chief for The New York Times, told RT. “The Saudis have an extensive lobbying effort in Washington and not only do they have high-powered lobbying firms behind them, but they have the defense contractors themselves, who have profited, and continue to profit, off of weapons sales to Saudi Arabia.”
In November 2015, the US State Department approved the sale of $1.29 billion worth of smart bombs to Saudi Arabia as a part of its good faith measure to help Riyadh replenish supplies it used in battles against insurgents in Yemen and airstrikes against Islamic State in Syria.
“Yemen has become a horror show,” Hedges said. “Much of the unrest and violence that we've seen in the Islamic State in Syria and Iraq is directly traceable to Saudi and Qatari intervention. So they've become a deeply destabilizing force throughout the region.”
Canada in hot water over April approval of $11bn arms sale to Saudis despite int'l criticismhttps://t.co/Egkohk2ijBpic.twitter.com/zs1nLNampz — RT (@RT_com) April 14, 2016
According to US estimates, about 6,300 people, over a half of them civilians, have been killed since March 2015, when Saudi Arabia launched its anti-Houthi campaign. Most of the people killed in Yemen died in Saudi-led coalition airstrikes.
On April 7, HRW published its report in which it claimed that the Saudi Arabian Air Force dropped two US-made bombs on a crowded marketplace in Yemen on March 15.
Since the beginning of the airstrikes, at least 12 of them have struck marketplaces throughout Yemen. HRW has called on Washington to stop selling weapons to Saudi Arabia until Riyadh ends unlawful airstrikes.
Business Hi-Tech
Furnizorul de servicii de consultanţă şi dezvoltare software Pentalog Software Factory, care are peste 600 de angajaţi în România, atrage candidaţi din alte zone ale ţării în oraşele în care are filiale oferind, ca beneficiu, sprijin în găsirea şi închirierea de apartamente pentru noii angajaţi relocaţi. Acesta este cazul unor angajaţi care au fost relocaţi la Iaşi, unde compania are peste 200 de angajaţi şi unde continuă angajările.
„La un moment dat am recrutat şi încă mai recrutăm candidaţi din zonele limitrofe printr-un program de relocare prin care specialiştii foarte buni relocaţi din alte zone primesc şi apartamente închiriate de noi, ca parte din acest pachet. Nu recrutăm zeci de persoane care să primească acest beneficiu, dar încercăm să atragem oameni foarte bine pregătiţi, chiar dacă avem costuri mai mari“, a spus Cristian Neghina, managerul filialei Pentalog Sofware Factory din Iaşi.
În ultimii trei ani Pentalog a avut la Iaşi o creştere anuală de circa 30% pe an numărului de angajaţi, iar pentru 2017 ţinteşte acelaşi obiectiv, ceea ce înseamnă că va recruta crica 60 de oameni anul acesta la Iaşi. „Căutăm oameni specializaţi în Php, Mobile sau Java şi investim foarte mult în partea de stagii şi formări profesionale“.
În România, Pentalog are filiale la Iaşi, Braşov, Bucureşti şi Cluj.
HT: Chapel Library
Church Discipline is urgently needed in today's churches. Most conservative leaders agree: a church cannot be Biblical unless it has a healthy practice of church discipline. The sinner's restoration is the motivation; the church's protection is the necessity when restoration fails. With thorough exegesis and scholarly authority, Owen exhorts the church in Biblical understanding and practice of Matthew 18:15-20.
The power of the church towards its members (for it hath nothing to do with them that are without) may be referred unto three heads: 1. The admission of members into its society. 2. The rule and edification of them that belong unto it. 3. The exclusion out of its society of such as obstinately refuse to live and walk according to the laws and rules of it. These things belong essentially and inseparably unto every free society and are comprehensive of all church-power whatever.
The second of these hath been treated of in the discourse concerning church offices and rule; and all that belongs unto the first of them is fully declared in the chapters of the essential constituent parts of Gospel churches, namely, their matter and form. The third must be now spoken unto, which is the power of excommunication.
John Owen (1616-1683) was born to Puritan parents in the Oxfordshire village of Stadham, England. He was a chaplain in the army of Oliver Cromwell and vice-chancellor of Oxford University, but most of his life he served as a minister in congregational churches. He is known as “The Prince of the Puritans.” His written works span forty years and run to twenty-four volumes representing among the best resources for theology in the English language.
Dozens of inmates in Arizona jails have been put on a diet of bread and water for desecrating U.S. flags that hang in their cells, Reuters reports.
Sheriff Joe Arpaio, of Maricopa County, told the news agency that 38 inmates in six different jails were getting meals of bread and water twice daily – the punishment for destroying government property while in custody.
“These inmates have destroyed the American flag that was placed in their cells. Tearing them, writing on them, stepping on them, throwing them in the toilet, trash or wherever they feel,” Arpaio said in a statement. “It's a disgrace to those who have fought for our country.”
Arpaio said the punishment will last seven days; a second offense would bring 10 additional days of the bread-and-water diet.
[pullquote]
There are about 8,300 inmates in the jail system.
Dan Pochoda, legal director for the American Civil Liberties Union in Arizona, called the move a “publicity stunt.”
“It's certainly not illegal, but what he is doing is bad policy,'' Pochoda told Reuters. “It's just another vindictive policy that has nothing to do with running a good jail system.”
The Maricopa County jails have, in recent months, played patriotic songs over the public address systems, including “The Star-Spangled Banner” and “God Bless America.”
Arpaio, a six-term sheriff, has cemented his persona as a tough-as-nails lawman, coming under criticism in recent years for his actions, including a hard-line stance on immigration.
Arpaio is facing a lawsuit from the U.S. Justice Department accusing him of civil rights abuses, over allegations he and his officers profile Latinos.
The Arizona immigration law that was upheld by the U.S. Supreme Court allows police in the state to ask people they stop about their immigration status.
Click for the story from Reuters.
Thanks to the success of Batman v Superman and Suicide Squad, Halloween costumes based on Batman characters are the most popular among adults 18-34 this year, according to a survey by the National Retail Federation.
Advertisement
“There's definitely been an increase in superhero costumes in general,” Riley Walsh, a sales associate at New York Costumers in New York City's East Village neighborhood told TIME. “The thing that's making it go up for women is Harley Quinn. At least once a day we're selling Harley Quinn costumes, and it's not even October yet.”
And move over Disney princesses! While they were the most popular costumes for kids for the last 11 years straight, they fall to the #2 spot this year as more kids are dressing up as superheroes than ever before!
Here are the top 10 most popular costumes for Halloween 2016 for adults and children, according to the National Retail Federation.
ADULTS 18-34-YEARS-OLD
Batman Character (Batman, Harley Quinn, The Joker, etc.) Witch Animal (Cat, Dog, Bunny, etc.) Tie: Marvel Superhero (Deadpool, Spider-Man, etc.) AND DC Superhero (Wonder Woman, Superman, excl. Batman) Vampire Video Game Character Slasher Movie Villain (Freddy, Jason, Michael Myers, etc.) Pirate Star Wars Character Zombie
CHILDREN'S COSTUMES
Action/Superhero Princess Animal (Cat, Dog, Lion, Monkey, etc.) Batman Character Star Wars Character Tie: Witch AND DC Superhero (excl. Batman) Frozen Character (Anna, Elsa, Olaf) Marvel Superhero (excl. Spider-Man) Zombie Spider-Man
Are you dressing up this Halloween? Who are you going to be? Let me know in the comments below!
SOURCE: National Retail Federation (via TIME)
"Yukes" redirects here. For the Canadian rugby player, see Colin Yukes
Yuke's Co. Ltd. is a Japanese video game developer based in Osaka. It was established on 26 February 1993 by Yukinori Taniguchi. The company is best known for their development of the WWE 2K video game series.
History [ edit ]
One of the company's first games, the wrestling game Toukon Retsuden, was a best-seller in Japan.[1] Though Activision purchased the rights to publish the game in North America and began localization work, [1] only the first game was localized, becoming Power Move Pro Wrestling with different roster of wrestlers.
From 2005 to 2012, Yuke's also owned 54% of New Japan Pro Wrestling, the top professional wrestling promotion in Japan. It was also their DVD production house.
Games developed [ edit ]
These are the list of games that the company developed.[2]
What's the matter with these people? The Trumpsters in the White House and Congress, I mean.
Start with the Donald himself, a guy who can't pass a mirror without casting an adoring eye at his own reflection. What is it about him that requires the top officials of his government to humiliate themselves publicly in the White House Cabinet room, making them try to outdo each other in a groveling Worship-a-thon of praise for this magnificence? And what's wrong with his Cabinet members?
Advertisement:
One after another, the vice president, chief of staff, Treasury secretary, secretary of state and all the other supposedly powerful luminaries of the government of the United States of America were called upon in June's televised Cabinet session to say their name, then meekly offer their smarmiest praise of Trump's integrity, agenda and manly leadership. This spectacle of forced adulation of "the Leader" was so eerily insane that even North Korea's Kim Jong-un would've been too embarrassed to orchestrate it!
Yet Trump went even further in his flight from reality. Not satiated by the string of superlatives from his Cabinet of sycophants, he resorted to stroking his own ego, opening with the fanciful claim that Americans are "seeing amazing results" from his presidency. Shifting into overdrive, the chief proclaimed that "never has there been a president [except maybe] FDR, who's passed more legislation, who's done more things than what we've done."
Uh, no, Mr. President, not actually, not even close. I realize you don't "believe" in facts, but here's one to sober you up: The Trump White House has produced no major legislation — zero.
You're right, however, that we Americans are seeing truly "amazing results" from your six months on the job: We're amazed that in such a short time your so-called presidency is mired in conflicts of interest, constitutional quagmires, erratic behavior, ideological arrogance, tweeted ignorance, lame policy proposals and — let's admit the obvious — your own incompetence. If President Trump and his apologista in Congress wonder why they're consistently getting such miserable job approval ratings from the public, they should take a deep breath, hold their noses and look at the god-awful policies they're pursuing.
For example, they're intentionally pushing a Draconian health care scheme that would cause widespread suffering for non-rich Americans and even deaths, while also slipping another tax giveaway of nearly a trillion dollars to corporations and wealthy investors. It's so ugly that Trump, who originally said he was "100 percent behind this," now calls the bill "mean."
And the one widely popular idea that Trump promised — a trillion-dollar investment to create good jobs for repairing America's collapsing infrastructure — has turned into a scam. His actual proposal is to give tax credits to Wall Street investors, hoping they'll put money into infrastructure projects. It's like promising to feed the oats to horses, hoping they'll pass through some seeds for birds to peck out.
Advertisement:
Also, remember his promise to crack down on Wall Street greed-heads? Now, he and Congress are pushing a bill to coddle the banksters by removing consumer protections that restrict Wall Street greed.
But he is creating new jobs for 4,000 lucky Americans — in Afghanistan. The 16-year war there has been an interminable, unequivocal disaster for the U.S. and our troops. But rather than being a commander in chief, Trump has washed his hands of that presidential responsibility, becoming a wimpy delegator in chief by handing off responsibility to the military brass. They're now shipping 4,000 more troops into a hellish war that the American people do not support.
The greatest, overriding failure of Trump and congressional leaders is that they have no vision, no big ideas, no moxie and no understanding of grassroots people's democratic idealism. Saying "Make America great" over and over again is easy. Any gasbag can say it. But doing it takes real leadership, and the people now in charge just can't measure up. Sad.
Degrassi isn't disappearing — it's just starting a new chapter. Last week it was announced that MTV Canada and TeenNick had cancelled the long-running high school drama, but now Netflix is bringing it back in yet another incarnation. The new show is called Degrassi: Next Class, and it's supposed to arrive on Netflix in early 2016. Aside from Canada, Australia, and France, Netflix will be the exclusive home of Next Class. In Canada, it'll be carried on Family.
It's exclusive to Netflix in most locations
There aren't a lot of details yet, but Family says that a number of existing cast members will be returning. If we're very lucky, maybe Netflix will dig deep into its pockets to get a cameo from Drake.
Next Class is being targeted to the same age group that Degrassi has always gone after, but that age group is comprised of a new audience at this point, as the producers behind the show point out. They say they're now looking to "tell stories for the new post-millennial teen cohort known as Generation Z, most of whom weren't even born when Degrassi returned in 2001." If you're a post-millennial, be sure to check out Next Class when it debuts on Netflix, which is like a widescreen Snapchat.
Sure, building a startup is hard, but building a real community for a virtual industry may be the toughest challenge in tech.
Upload was founded in the aftermath of Facebook's Oculus VR acquisition as a meetup for VR founders and fanboys/fangirls to chat about their hopes for the space and their plans to make them happen. In the past couple years, Upload has managed to vastly expand its reach and become the toast of the virtual reality industry.
Central to the company's success has been its ability to bring attention to the space through its independent editorial arm which covers the breaking news and trends surrounding the augmented/virtual/mixed/merged realities. As the site sees its audience swell, some 650% increase in unique visitors in the past year, it's announcing today that IGN co-founder and former editor-in-chief Tal Blevins will be joining the site to take over editorial efforts as Upload's Head of Media.
Blevins arrives at Upload with 17 years of games journalism under his belt. Blevins co-founded the wildly popular video games site IGN in 1999, and has served in a variety of editorial and executive roles in the years since. He will be taking over the blogging reigns from Upload co-founder Will Mason, who will be moving away from editorial altogether into his new role as President of Upload where he says he is excited to “help build the community hands-on.”
Blevins is looking to expand the team and embrace video more heavily, utilizing things like mixed-reality to give readers a better viewpoint into what virtual reality experiences are actually like, while also plotting what a future for journalism inside virtual reality looks like exactly. One of his most important roles, however, he says will be in ensuring that the editorial independence of Upload's media arm continues so that both industry folk and consumers can know they're getting an unbiased view of the industry from the site.
“Upload has a lot of fingers in a lot of different parts of the business and is helping a lot of people across the industry,” Blevins told me. “So I think it's really important that the wall of integrity is kept up [between business and editorial].”
In many ways, the company's business model up to this point has been gathering attention and excitement. Some attendees at a recent VR art and comedy party (Yes, that is a thing in Silicon Valley) thrown at the company's SF office had a surprisingly tough time responding to the question, “What does Upload actually do?”
For an industry like VR filled with loads of excitement, hyperbole and mystery, Upload has functioned as a bit of a home base. Their SF co-working office, the Upload Collective, has dozens of companies using the space as a hub to demo what they're working on and seek advice/help from other knowledgable people in Upload's rolodex.
The company is about to take a huge step in expanding its reach as it moves past the SF bubble and opens up a huge 20,000 square foot space in Los Angeles that will be able to house up to 100 startups “for incubation and co-working.” Mason tells me that Upload is not currently taking any equity in these startups, but given the company's growing network and this latest LA expansion I really can't imagine it will be long before Upload puts on its investor hat.
As the company grows, supporting entrepreneurs to build cool stuff while also hosting lavish parties where deals are made, it's clear that if VR does, in fact, have a real future in the tech industry, Upload will be part of it.
Rapper, record producer, and author Lil B (The BasedGod) showed some serious love yesterday on Twitter for Bernie Sanders and his presidential bid.
As much as I want to a woman leading the USA, right now it's all about Bernie @BernieSanders @SenSanders he's the real he loves us - Lil B — Lil B From The Pack (@LILBTHEBASEDGOD) July 15, 2015
I herd Bernie @BernieSanders @SenSanders marched against segregation in the 60s which was not long ago! I love that brave dude! - Lil B — Lil B From The Pack (@LILBTHEBASEDGOD) July 15, 2015
Lil B announced his endorsement after some of his 1.14 million fans let him know that Bernie follows him on Twitter.
The streets and the hood are showing love to Bernie @BernieSanders @SenSanders and sayin he got good morals and he follows Lil B LOVE - Lil B — Lil B From The Pack (@LILBTHEBASEDGOD) July 15, 2015
The endorsement is probably good news for Bernie.
Fact: no presidential candidate has ever gotten the endorsement of @KillerMikeGTO and @LILBTHEBASEDGOD and lost the election. #berniementum — Christopher Hayes (@chrislhayes) July 10, 2015
Look, Bernie was arrested while protesting segregation in Chicago, he marched with Dr. King in Washington and has always fought against mass incarceration. Bernie's entire life has been fighting for social justice and freedom for all Americans. When you are in the streets of America, you understand the streets of America.
Bernie is exceptional -- by American standards of political leadership -- insofar as his personal activism -- protesting, marching -- matches his political activism, fighting for systemic economic and social justice.
Bernie is an objectively good man and an objectively good leader. And it's nice to see that being recognized.
The poet Charles Bukowski has appeared often on Open Culture lately, and I have no objection. Not only do I savor writing about a literary figure thoroughly representative of Los Angeles, where I live, but about one who, even nineteen years after his death, keeps producing interesting things. Or at least we keep finding them.
A case in point comes from this post by Stephen J. Gertz of Booktryst about evidence rediscovered earlier this year of Bukowski's efforts as a cartoonist: "Nineteen long-lost original drawings by Charles Bukowski, America's poet laureate of the depths, surfaced at the 46th California International Antiquarian Book Fair February 15-17, 2013, offered by ReadInk of Los Angeles. Sixteen of them appeared as accompaniment to Bukowski's classic column in the Los Angeles Free Press (The Freep), 'Notes of a Dirty Old Man'. The remaining three originally appeared in Sunset Palms Hotel, Issue #4 (1974)."
Fewer comics per se than drawn windows into Bukowski's worldview, these panels show, in a shaky yet bold line, the poet's views on drinking, smoking, staying in bed, and conducting relations with the fairer sex. "Until its termination in 1976," Gertz continues, "Bukowski's 'Notes of a Dirty Old Man' was probably the single biggest contributing factor to both the spread of his literary fame and his local notoriety as a hard-living, hard-drinking L.A. character." The very idea of Bukowski as a regular columnist may strike some familiar with his poetry as incongruous, but you can get an idea of how the gig formed his literary persona by reading the 1969 collection Notes of a Dirty Old Man and the 2011 More Notes of a Dirty Old Man: The Uncollected Columns. Neither, however, contain Bukowski's illustrations, but now you can appreciate them on the internet. They almost make you believe the man could have published a cartoon or two in the New Yorker, but no — wrong coast. (And wrong sensibility, certainly.)
via Book Tryst
Related Content:
Listen to Charles Bukowski Poems Being Read by Bukowski, Tom Waits and Bono
Charles Bukowski Sets His Amusing Conditions for Giving a Poetry Reading (1971)
“Don't Try”: Charles Bukowski's Concise Philosophy of Art and Life
Charles Bukowski: Depression and Three Days in Bed Can Restore Your Creative Juices (NSFW)
Colin Marshall hosts and produces Notebook on Cities and Culture and writes essays on literature, film, cities, Asia, and aesthetics. He's at work on a book about Los Angeles, A Los Angeles Primer. Follow him on Twitter at @colinmarshall.
Tom Runnells will be the first person to interview to be the Rockies' next manager.
Runnells, the Rockies' bench coach the past three seasons, will be in Denver on Thursday to meet with Bill Geivett, the club's director of major-league operations. The Rockies also plan to meet this week with Stu Cole, manager of the Triple-A Colorado Springs Sky Sox.
Runnells and Cole are considered leading in-house candidates to replace Jim Tracy, who resigned Sunday, according to major-league sources.
Jason Giambi, who has said he would retire as a player if given the opportunity to manage, remains a peripheral candidate for the Colorado job.
While the Rockies are interested in Runnells and Cole, they also plan to explore candidates from outside the organization, according to sources. Other potential replacements for Tracy include Cleveland Indians bench coach Sandy Alomar Jr., Los Angeles Dodgers third-base coach Tim Wallach and former big-league catcher Brad Asmus, now a special assistant for the San Diego Padres.
Runnells, 57, managed the Montreal Expos from 1991-92. He was born in Greeley and is a graduate of Greeley West High School and the University of Northern Colorado.
Patrick Saunders: 303-954-1428, psaunders@denverpost.com or twitter.com/psaundersdp
Russia search and internet technology giant Yandex is showing off the self-driving vehicle prototype developed by its Yandex.Taxi on-demand ride service for the first time, and the video above is the first footage of the car in action. The prototype is meant to help Yandex test its software, which the company thinks it's uniquely well-positioned to develop for this emerging space.
Yandex notes that it has navigation, geolocation, computer vision, and machine learning expertise from other ongoing products and services, including Yandex.Navigator and Yandex.Maps.
“We use anonymised data that we receive from Yandex.Navigator users, which allows us to understand how to drive in a city with its traffic congestion, accidents, speed limits, road closures and other traffic events,” Yandex.Taxi Head of PR Vladimir Isaev explained via email. “We have been using computer vision technologies in a number of our services for quite a while. We use them to find vacant parking spaces or read road signs, for instance, in our geolocation services.”
Expertise with computer vision use at Yandex comes from matching similar images for search results, and for translating text within a photo through its language service offerings. As a result of its combined software development efforts, as well as recent work on applying said tech to the automotive space, Yandex's self-driving software for its prototype vehicle is developed completely in house, the company tells me.
Also, you may have noticed the lingering shot on that Nvidia GTX GPU in the car, as well as that Velodyne LiDAR unit up top: Yandex says it's using its own “custom-built” hardware as well as mass market, generally available components for now, but it's in talks with partners regarding the creation of fit-for-purpose automotive grade hardware down the road.
The vehicle in the video isn't yet navigating real city streets, but Yandex says that testing is coming on public roads within a year, if all goes as planned. It's too early yet for any projections regarding commercial service availability, however, Isaev tells me. Eventually, the company hopes to partner with car manufacturers and others looking to bring autonomous vehicles to market.
The musician revealed he was recording the follow-up to 2014's 'Lazaretto' this summer
Jack White has described his forthcoming solo album as “good gardening music or roofing music”.
The musician last released a solo record in 2014 with ‘Lazaretto‘. He revealed he was working on the follow-up to that album this summer.
In a new interview for Interview Magazine, White spoke to his “favourite actor” Gary Oldman. During the chat, White told him: “I've been recording in New York, Los Angeles and Nashville. I've never recored in New York or LA before. I tried to go to some new places and meet musicians I've never met before, and see if I could get to a new place.
“I'm getting somewhere. I'll send you something. It's good gardening music or roofing music or, you know, back-alley stabbing music. I'm trying to think of some good activities that people haven't written songs for yet.”
The pair also discuss being “analog guys” and Oldman credits White with having “single-handedly made vinyl a real thing again”. “Well, sometimes I had to use my other hand, too,” the musician responded, adding: “I don't even know what that joke means.”
In July, White's Third Man Records posted two photos of him in the studio with a group of musicians. The label confirmed the photos were taken during the sessions for White's third solo album.
Sharethrough (Mobile)
Earlier this year, White gave a rare interview, elaborating on the new solo music he was writing. “I'm going to try to write songs where I can't be heard by the next-door neighbor,” the 41-year-old said. “And I want to write like Michael Jackson would write — instead of writing parts on the instruments or humming melodies, you think of them. To do everything in my head and to do it in silence and use only one room.”
Republic of Ireland international Harry Arter has described how he was on the receiving end of some nasty messages from some Irish fans after rumours that he could play for England emerged.
Republic of Ireland international Harry Arter has described how he was on the receiving end of some nasty messages from some Irish fans after rumours that he could play for England emerged.
Harry Arter reveals how he was subjected to 'vile' messages from Irish fans over switch rumours
The Bournemouth midfielder has made three international appearances for Ireland but because none of them came in competitive fixtures, he is free to switch allegiance and play for the country of his birth.
The baseless speculation that Arter would throw his lot in with England was refuted by Martin O'Neill after Thursday's victory over Georgia but not before 26-year-old was targeted by online trolls.
Arter told the Sunday World's Kevin Palmer that the abuse was so malicious that he momentarily considered quitting the Irish team altogether.
"I couldn't believe what I was seeing," he said
"This was Irish people who had looked at a few newspaper stories and come to the conclusion that I was about to go and play for England. I never said that was happening and my stance on the whole story was that I didn't need to comment on something that was little more than a rumour.
"Then I see these Twitter messages and, honestly, it was the only time that I have ever had a thought that maybe I shouldn't play for Ireland. The messages were just vile. I was shocked by what people were sending my way. Honestly, I had to check that someone had not hacked my account and put a message on there to inspire this reaction.
"A lot of the messages have now been deleted, which says all you need to know bout the people that thought it was a good idea to write them in the first place."
Arter was unable to feature in this week's fixtures against Georgia and Moldova due to a groin injury.
Online Editors
RENO, Nev. – Reno 1868 FC announced on Friday it had signed Jamaican forward Brian Brown and goalkeeper Russell Klabough, pending league and federation approval. Brown is expected to play up front alongside fellow Jamaican Dane Kelly. Klabough becomes the first goalkeeper signed by the club.
Brown, 24, arrives from USL Eastern Conference side the Charlotte Independence, for whom he recorded nine goals in 27 appearances in the 2016 regular season to help Charlotte reach the USL Cup Playoffs for the first time. Brown had previously played the Philadelphia Union in Major League Soccer club Philadelphia Union, where he recorded two goals in eight appearances in 2014, and Harbor View FC in Jamaica's Red Stripe Premier League, where he won the RSPL Golden Boot in 2013 after scoring 18 goals.
“I'm really excited to add Brian to our roster,” said 1868 FC Head Coach Ian Russell. “He scored a lot of goals last year and will complement our strike force alongside Dane and Mackenzie [Pridham].”
Posted on by RBuccicone
Ring a Ding Ding
Tallulah Bankhead was always a bit on the freaky-looking side, but the once-seductive standby of 1930s cinema drops the glamor act for a twisted turn as a psychotic hostage-taker in 1965's Die! Die! My Darling. This is my second experience with the film. I'm not sure how Ryan and I decided upon it a year ago, but I sure was thrilled to see it back on TCM's schedule.
A 63-year-old Bankhead plays the mother of Stefanie Powers‘ deceased ex-fiance. She resides in some country area of England, and Powers' character opts to visit the woman while traveling with her new fiance. A supremely pious Bankhead keeps the woman for dinner, but only after she endures several hours of religious service. The meal that follows is one that could best be described as gruel (no salt or condiments allowed). Given the late hour, Powers spends the night and in the morning is chastised for her red sweater, that being the devil's hue, you know.
When Powers finally gets fed up with the religious restrictions and continual critique from Bankhead about her purity, she starts to pack her things only to be locked in the bedroom. Breaking the window with a chair, she is then confronted by Bankhead who aims a small pistol at the woman. Up to a third-story room Powers goes, and there she stays.
Bankhead's twisted motivation here is concern that any sin on Powers' part will affect her dead son's standing in the afterlife. Mysteries remain in the story behind the “strange way he died” and what Bankhead has in the basement.
Kidnapping movies set me on edge particularly when the confinement takes place in a home or location not far removed from everyday civilization. A great amount of frustration goes into the idea that someone has to find the hostage eventually even as that fate continues to evade us in the plot. Die! Die! My Darling also led me to realize how eerie third stories are in houses. Especially in this context, the idea that a room is that much farther away from the ground floor — making any calls for help more unlikely to reach the ears of a potential savior — is worrisome yet terribly ideal for the villain. I find kidnapping films equally frightening in that they are often constructed as truly plausible situations. If you can find the right psycho, you too might be locked away, beaten and starved.
Adding to the fun of Die! Die! My Darling is the casting of a young Donald Sutherland as a mentally disabled groundskeeper of sorts. The pale, toe-headed character makes for many a frustrating and shocking moment in the film.
By the way, this flick is set for a Nov. 5 showing on TCM. It's definitely worth a watch.
Advertisements
Filed under: Horror | Tagged: Donald Sutherland, Ring a Ding Ding, Silvio Narizzano, Stefanie Powers, Tallulah Bankhead |
After Kentucky's 97-92 loss to UCLA last weekend at Rupp Arena, a stunned John Calipari was asked which possessions hurt the most. Calipari sputtered, “I can remember the two that bothered me … the throw ahead for the layup and then the 3 back to back.” He was describing buckets early in the second half by Bryce Alford and T.J. Leaf, the Bruins' 6-foot-10-inch freshman. The key to each field goal? Lonzo Ball, UCLA's freshman ball handler whose vision and passing virtuosity have vaulted the Bruins up the top 25 rankings.
Standing 6 feet 6 inches tall, Ball is a constant offensive mismatch: Put a smaller guard on him, and he'll use his height advantage to find an open teammate; guard him with a forward, and he can blow by the defender or unleash a variety of step-backs and feints to clear enough space for his broken-looking jump shot, which is actually a thing of beauty.
Few players have ever shot the ball exactly the way Ball does, at least ones playing at a level higher than the church-basement rec league circuit. His motion starts near his left hip; rather than straighten his form as the shot progresses, Ball slingshots the ball, his long arms cradling it until the last second when he flicks the wrist and imparts a backspin-like effect. This shouldn't work, no matter how many hours Ball spent practicing against bigger and older defenders in the playground.
And yet, this funky motion is also one of the game's most efficient: He's converting 43.5 percent of his 3-pointers, and per Hoop-Math.com, 55 percent of his attempts come from beyond the arc (63 percent, if we count only half-court possessions). That's astounding. Overall, he sports an offensive rating of 1.34 PPP (meaning the team scores 134 points per 100 possessions he uses) and utilizes more than 20 percent of the team's offense while on the floor: That's the lion's share of an All-American's personal production and a huge chunk of the No. 2 team in the country's offense hinging on a jump shot that more closely resembles a chest pass than a scoring attempt.
But Ball isn't just a jump shooter. The consistent accuracy of those shots consistently creates space, and Ball has used it well. Whether UCLA's guards are running off screens or cutting through the lane, Ball finds them — he has a 37 percent assist rate, the third most of any DI freshmen who has used more than 50 percent of his team's minutes — with dazzling passes flung from his hip pocket or zipped one-handed just outside the reach of a defender.
That passing instinct shows up most starkly in transition — or more accurately, semi-transition. As soon as a UCLA big man grabs a rebound, he's got his head up, looking for Ball, who is usually leaking out and pressuring the defense. The Bruins score 1.19 points per fast break, which would rank third among the high majors that run on at least 20 percent of their possessions, behind just Arkansas and Memphis, and ninth overall. UCLA runs on 19.6 percent of their possessions, and their efficiency ranking would drop to 36th if we were to lower the threshold to, say, teams with 15 percent of possessions in transition, but that's the point: Transition possessions are inherently more valuable than half-court ones. And because the Bruins are wholly committed to the defensive glass (they're grabbing more than 70 percent of opponent misses, an all-time high under coach Steve Alford, Bryce's dad), they've looked to run more in 2017 — about 50 percent more often than last season — and they're succeeding. UCLA looks to run even if an opponent scores — per Hoop-Math.com, the team makes 60 percent of its attempts within the first 10 seconds of the shot clock after an opponent's make.
Ball has not only redefined UCLA's fast break, but his vision, athleticism and the general sense of not-quite-rightness to his game make Ball a unique player in college basketball this season and certainly one of the most entertaining. In a win versus UC-Riverside, Ball sent a crosscourt Eephus-like lob over the head of the defense to Isaac Hamilton, who stepped into and connected on a 3 from the left elbow.
What's perhaps most intriguing about Ball is that he could be the greatest college pick-and-roll player ever. He's got it all: size, handle, vision, shooting. But so far, at least, the team has been content to let him feast on drive-and-kick possessions. This works fine, since Ball is skilled — he almost always “traps” his defender on his hip, forcing help from an opposing big — but clearly, something's being left on the table. Paired with Leaf, UCLA can either pick and pop (50 percent on 18 attempts), or let Leaf roll to the rim (1.18 points per roll, according to Synergy Sports).
Calipari expected UCLA to hurt Kentucky in P&Rs, but just 9 percent of the team's possessions include a P&R (a sharp dip from 21 percent in 2015-16). When even the opposing scouting departments are worried about the stuff you're not doing yet, it's probably worth looking into. And when that opponent is John Calipari, and he's disturbed by how well you're executing what he believes to be a secondary, even tertiary part of your game, you might just have something special on your hands.
In January 2015 the humourist Mallory Ortberg summed up Charlie Brooker's tech-anthology series Black Mirror as “What if phones, but more so?”. The science fiction show focuses on how high technology and low entertainment can magnify our flaws and destroy our relationships.
We greet innovation with open arms, says Brooker, only to find ourselves embracing disaster. But among the cynicism, one episode offers a more optimistic outlook, and that is two-time Emmy winner San Junipero.
The episode was hailed as a classic immediately for the way that it combines Black Mirror's trademark futuristic vision with a beautifully told love story. And, unique in Black Mirror history, it offers a happy ending. Here, the machine that gives the story its science-fiction edge doesn't destroy our humanity; it offers a sort of mechanical heaven for its users.
President Salvador Sanchez Ceren, inaugural speech, June 1, 2014, San Salvador. Photo courtesy of Vivien Feyer.
The crowd was jubilant. Ecuadoran President Rafael Correa waved triumphantly to the thousands who filled the open air convention center. He walked down the red carpet just a few meters away from us to thunderous applause.
We were honored guests at the inauguration of Salvadoran President Salvador Sanchez Ceren and Vice President Oscar Ortiz. Both the incoming President and Vice President had been Farabundo Marti National Liberation Front (FMLN) military commanders during the civil war. They had fought the oligarchy for power militarily for more than a decade. On March 9, they won at the ballot box by the slimmest of margins.
Honored guests indeed. Three seats to my right sat Manlio Argueta, winner of the Casa de Las Americas Prize, Latin America's most prestigious literary award. In addition to being a novelist and a distinguished poet, Mr. Argueta is a committed social activist. His book One Day of Life is a harrowing tale of the brutal repression meted out to El Salvador's campesinos.
Manlio Argueta, second from left, at the Salvadoran Presidential Inauguration, June 1, 2014, San Salvador. Photo courtesy of Vivien Feyer.
Several seats to my left sat Dr. Charlie Clements, an American doctor, who provided medical care to the thousands of Salvadoran campesinos living in the Guazapa volcano region during the height of the war. Charlie's account of his year in Guazapa, Witness to War is a chronicle of severe deprivation, chronic hardship, brutality and tragedy. It is also a chronicle of enormous bravery, profound commitment and enduring hope. The book was made into a movie of the same name, which won the Oscar for best short documentary in 1986. My partner, Vivien Feyer, and I had the pleasure of accompanying Charlie to Guazapa two days before the inauguration.
Dr. Charlie Clements, May 2014, at the memorial to boys, girls, women, and men killed in Palo Grande, Guazapa region during the Salvadoran Civil War. Photo courtesy of Vivien Feyer.
The Vice President of Cuba (wild applause), and the Vice President of Venezuela (wild applause) came down the red carpet just to our left followed by other dignitaries. When Evo Morales, the President of Bolivia, was announced he received an ovation worthy of a rock star. And so it went with the conspicuous absence of any high level delegate from the United States.
Salvadoran President Salvador Sanchez Ceren being warmly greeted by Bolivian President Evo Morales and other heads of state and foreign dignitaries, Salvadoran Presidential Inauguration, June 1, 2014. Photo courtesy of Vivien Feyer.
The U.S. delegation was led by The Honorable Maria Contreras-Sweet, Administrator of the U.S. Small Business Administration. Bolivia sent Evo Morales. Ecuador sent Rafael Correa. We sent someone from the Small Business Administration. Was that Obama's message? El Salvador was small business.
Once El Salvador was crucial to U.S. interests, so much so that we sent one million dollars a day in military aid. U.S. aid flowed to El Salvador under President Reagan at the same time that the Salvadoran military and right-wing death squads were killing a thousand Salvadorans each month. The United States paid for the carnage. We trained the perpetrators and the architects of the slaughter which included horrendous mutilations and unspeakable tortures. Napalm and white phosphorus were dropped on Salvadoran men, women and children from airplanes supplied by the U.S.
Most of those who were killed were civilians. Many were women and children. Some had joined unions. Others had formed agricultural cooperatives. Still others were followers of the brave priests and nuns who preached liberation theology. They were organizing to better their meager standard of living. The right wing oligarchy saw them all as subversives and attacked them brutally. Each and every month during the height of the repression, El Salvador was losing proportionally as many of its people as the U. S. lost in the entire Vietnam War.
U.S. President Ronald Reagan defended El Salvador's brutal military repression as necessary to prevent the spread of communism. By the time the war had ended and a peace settlement had been signed, 75,000 Salvadorans had been murdered, including their beloved Archbishop Oscar Romero.
Those who defended the campesinos from the military repression, the FMLN, were now in power through a fair election. The appropriate action would be for the U.S. to apologize for funding the repression and to offer to pay reparations. A high level delegation should have been sent to recognize the new Salvadoran leadership, who embody the hopes and the dreams and the sacrifices of the poor. Wouldn't it be a good idea to be on the side of justice and human rights?
But rather than send a high level delegate, rather than offer reparations, rather than extend our hand in friendship to the new Salvadoran administration, the United States is actually trying to bully the Salvadorans. The U.S. is trying to force El Salvador to use Monsanto's GMO seeds rather than their own indigenous seeds or risk losing nearly $300 million in aid.
As reported in World War Four Report:
At issue was an indication by U.S. ambassador Mari Carmen Aponte that the U.S. may withhold $277 million slated for the second phase of the Millennium Challenge Corporation aid program if the Salvadoran Agriculture Ministry continues its current practice of buying seeds from small-scale Salvadoran producers for its Family Agriculture Plan.
To the Salvadorans, using indigenous seeds makes sense both economically and agriculturally. Over millennia, nature has adapted these seeds to the Salvadoran climate and soil. But there is another equally pressing reason to avoid Monsanto's GMO seeds.
Monsanto engineers its seeds to be resistant to its own pesticide, glyphosate (Round-Up). The pesticide needs to be applied to kill unwanted weeds. That's the scientific rationale for producing GMO seeds. They are pesticide resistant. Farmers can drench their fields in glyphosate, killing off the weeds without damaging the pesticide resistant crop.
But the farmers themselves are not resistant to the toxic pesticide.
Salvadoran campesino returning from working in the fields, Guazapa region, El Salvador, May, 2014. Photo courtesy of Vivien Feyer.
For years, scientists have been trying to unravel the mystery of a chronic kidney disease epidemic which has hit Central America, India and Sri Lanka. Unlike in most kidney diseases, the kidney tubules are the site of injury, not the kidney's complex filtration apparatus. New research has shown that glyphosate has the unique ability to bind with heavy metals like cadmium and arsenic. The glyphosate-heavy metal complexes appear to be toxic to the kidney tubules, and may be the cause of this worldwide kidney disease epidemic.
Are we in the United States going to insist that the Salvadorans use Monsanto's seeds which require Monsanto's pesticide, glyphosate, given the real fear that glyphosate may be a major cause of a worldwide epidemic of chronic kidney disease? Are we going to claim that we know better than El Salvador's farmers which seeds are better suited to their local conditions? Are we going to demand that El Salvador, a poor agrarian nation, buy its seeds from a transnational corporation year after year rather than develop a program of local seed sovereignty? Are we going to pretend that we didn't fund a brutally repressive regime responsible for crimes against humanity and do nothing to help heal the wounds we caused?
‘Tis the season of holiday parties, and there's no better time to let your geek flag fly. Get a group of friends together for some Magic or a LAN game, and throw together some of these tasty, formerly-fictional goodies.
Food
Fish Fingers and Custard
When the eleventh Doctor finds himself famished and in the company of a young Amelia Pond, the only thing that will satisfy his palate is a stack of fish fingers dipped in custard. While such a combination would appall anyone with taste buds, the new rules of Eleven's new mouth approved. But Matt Smith admits that the “fish fingers” used in filming were really just breaded cakes, and that makes it a bit easier. Here's a great easy-to-make version from a die-hard Whovian.
Lembas or Waybread
We can't promise that a human-made lembas will fill the stomach of a grown man with just one bite or stay fresh for months just wrapped in a leaf. But tasty approximations of the elven staple featured in Lord of the Rings do exist, and while they may not be the super-nutritious powerhouse Legolas enjoys, your party guests will undoubtedly appreciate the nod to an enduring symbol of Tolkien's work.
(If you're going with a solid LotR theme, this recipe database is hands-down the best available.
ChickieNobs
It might be difficult to get your hands on the nightmare-fuel creature that gave Oryx and Crake their beloved ChickieNobs, or transgenic meat as we know it outside of Margaret Atwood's dystopian future. Short of a trip to McDonald's, you probably won't find “chicken” with the proper spongy texture, but a good chicken nugget isn't difficult to make and the people you're feeding them to will appreciate that you're concerned about things like that. Try this Buffalo version, and get a little backstory on ChickieNobs if you're unfamiliar. (Warning: You will never feel the same about chicken nuggets. Apologies in advance.)
Spoo
If you're a fan of Babylon 5 then you already know that herd-traveling spoo worms are the most universally loved and reviled species in the universe. But man, they taste great… according to aliens. Over at Tor, Jason Henninger has devised a pair of recipes for Earthbound spoo. They're far more appetizing than “meat Jello,” which is how spoo has been described, and that must mean that they taste better than actual spoo. Win!
Soylent Green
If you thought you were getting out of here without reading “Soylent Green is people!”, you were wrong. But we'll let you go easy on this one: Soylent Green Crackers exist, they're for sale, and we're reasonably certain they do not contain people. If you're into the DIY route, try these easy spinach crackers. Set them out with some hummus and veggies and you've got yourself a no-fail sci-fi setup.
Drink
Pan Galactic Gargle Blaster
When Zaphod Beeblebrox invented his famous drink, he (and Douglas Adams) probably never intended for us to mimic it. But they should have known that no towel-carrying hoopy frood can have a party without very carefully sipping one evenly sized Pan Galactic Gargle Blaster. An easy Earth approximation follows, but there are many variations. Choose whichever makes you feel most like you've had your brains smashed out by a slice of lemon wrapped around a large gold brick.
To a chilled glass with two or three ice cubes, add one part each (of your favorite brand): Vodka, Rum, Whiskey, Gin, Orange juice, Lemon juice, Coca-Cola. Drop in an olive and drink… very carefully.
Butterbeer
If you're going to be home from Hogwarts for the holidays, you should probably get some butterbeer a-brewing. (Unless you're going to Universal Orlando soon, where you can just buy a cup). While Universal isn't giving away any recipes and J.K. Rowling insists there's no real-world predicate, a few enterprising Potterheads have put together these ten variations on the theme. (#2 is the one I would go with, methinks.) The easiest recommendation is just to mix some butterscotch syrup into a glass of cold cream soda, but for best results you should try one that incorporates a bit of butterscotch schnapps.
Slurm
I saw you cringe. Listen, Slurm is highly addictive, it's true. And it comes from the business end of a giant, fabulous worm, I know. But it's all natural and apparently quite tasty, and those are features we can work with. So goes the thinking behind this interpretation from YouTube duo, feastoffiction, which is super-simple and bound to create a couple of new addicts. (Bonus Bachelor Chow recipe, too, no dog food included.)
What's one food from pop culture that you always wanted to try? Any recipe recommendations?
No airlines may fly from Turkey to the United States due to a Federal Aviation Administration order, U.S. government officials said Saturday.
“All airline carriers, regardless of country of registry, are prohibited from flying into the United States from Turkey either directly or via third country,” the U.S. Embassy in Ankara said.
In a message on its website, the Embassy warned travelers that “security at [Istanbul's] Ataturk airport is significantly diminished.” It is, however, is open, and Turkish Airlines, the main carrier there, said Saturday that “the airport is now back to normal and flights have begun.”
The FAA has also banned any U.S. registered aircraft from flying into Turkey but that's less of an issue for most people, as Delta, the last U.S. carrier that considered flying to Istanbul, recently suspended the service it had planned to start in May. The FAA's ban also includes private aircraft, and that may affect some travelers.
The FAA did not say how long its ban would last.
“The FAA is monitoring the situation in Turkey in coordination with our partners in the State Department and the Department of Homeland Security and will update the restrictions as the situation evolves,” the FAA said in a statement.
The FAA's decision is likely a bigger problem for Turkish Airlines, the global behemoth that had made U.S. flights a key part of its strategy. Like Emirates Airline, Etihad Airways and Qatar Airways, Turkish tries to capitalize on its unique location to sell Americans one-stop itineraries to hard-to-reach places, especially in Africa, the Middle East and India.
Turkish flies nonstop to Los Angeles, New York, Atlanta, Houston, San Francisco, Washington Dulles and Chicago.
On social media, passengers posted pictures of chaos at the airport, as hundreds tried to speak with airline employees.
The airline, however, said it was doing what it could. It released a statement asking passengers to go to special airline counters it was setting up in nearby hotels.
The Reactionary Mind: Conservatism from Edmund Burke to Sarah Palin by Corey Robin Oxford University Press, 290 pp., $29.95
In 2004, then Senator Barack Obama brought the Democratic Party convention to its feet by declaring that there is “not a liberal America and a conservative America—there's the United States of America.” He learned differently. As Princeton historian Sean Wilentz wrote recently in The New Republic, the American fantasy of a postpartisan politics runs back to the earliest days of the republic.1 Politicians who exploited it for their own purposes did well; those who genuinely believed in it failed. And it's a good thing, too. Modern democracy depends on distinctions among factions, principles, and programs, the clearer the better.
But the current public dissatisfaction with our parties is not just about partisanship. It also reflects a sense that the labels we use to distinguish factions, principles, and programs have lost their value. What does it mean to call oneself a liberal or conservative today? Does it make sense to distinguish “progressives” and “reactionaries,” or are those just terms of abuse and self-flattery? It's hard to know how to talk about the new classes of rich and poor created by the global economy, and their strangely overlapping political commitments. Or where on the linguistic map to put the new populisms spawning around the world, some anti-global, some anti-immigrant, some libertarian, some authoritarian. Words are failing us.
Though it sounds dull, we actually need taxonomy. It is what renders the political present legible to us. Getting it right, though, requires a certain art, a kind of dispassionate alertness and historical perspective, a sense of the moment, and a sense that this, too, shall pass. Political scientists, intent on aping the methods of the hard sciences, stopped cultivating this art half a century ago, just as things started getting interesting, as new kinds of political movements and coalitions were developing in democratic societies. We're in a similar moment now; we need a guide. That's why Corey Robin's The Reactionary Mind is a useful book to have—not as an example to follow, but one to avoid.
Robin, who teaches political science at Brooklyn College, has been writing thoughtful essays on the American right for The Nation and other publications over the past decade. The Reactionary Mind collects profiles of well-known right-wing thinkers like Ayn Rand, Barry Goldwater, and Justice Antonin Scalia, and some deserters who turned left, like John Gray and Edward Luttwak. There are also a few that look beyond our borders, including an excellent piece on Hobbes as a counterrevolutionary thinker. But the book aims to be more than a collection. It is conceived as a major statement on conservatism and reaction, from the eighteenth century to the present. And this is where it disappoints.
The…
EDISON PARK — Ald. Mary O'Connor (41st) and Chicago Firefighter Anthony Napolitano tussled over the city's looming pension crisis and the jet noise blanketing the Far Northwest Side during the first and only 41st Ward runoff debate.
O'Connor, who is seeking a second term on the City Council, said the most important issue facing voters in the 41st Ward is the threat posed by what she contends is the city's "$17 billion pension debt."
While O'Connor accused Napolitano of having no real plan to address the issue, Napolitano said the reforms O'Connor said she supports would hurt city employees like himself and his family members who paid into their pension accounts twice a month for years.
Mary O'Connor (l.) and Anthony Napolitano during the WTTW debate. (WTTW)
"This is my problem," Napolitano said. "This is my father's problem, my relatives' problem. I want to protect these pensions."
The 41st Ward, which includes Edison Park, Norwood Park, O'Hare and Edgebrook, is home to a large population of city workers, police officers and firefighters.
The two candidates frequently interrupted each other and tried to talk over each other in the approximately 10-minute debate hosted Wednesday night by WTTW's Phil Ponce on Chicago Tonight.
Napolitano said he supported a large Las Vegas-style casino Downtown to bring in new revenue for the city, and also wants the city to sell the vacant and abandoned land it owns to add to the city's coffers.
Napolitano said he also favors using some of the $1.7 billion in the city's Tax Increment Financing District funds to address the "major crisis" created by the state Legislature's requirement that city to make a $550 million pension payment to police and fire pension systems by 2016, which would force officials to either drastically cut services, raise taxes or borrow a significant amount of money.
O'Connor said the pension system should be reformed to reduce annual cost-of-living increases paid to retired city workers and to reduce benefits for workers still on the job. Once the system is reformed, O'Connor said she would consider raising property taxes.
Napolitano ruled out a property tax hike under any circumstances.
O'Connor became exasperated with Napolitano during the debate, shaking her head and referring to Napolitano by his first name several times to contradict him.
"Anthony, you constantly don't have your facts straight," O'Connor said.
Napolitano criticized O'Connor for failing to make good on her promise to hold a City Council hearing on what can be done to reduce the racket made by planes using the newest east-west runway at O'Hare Airport.
O'Connor and other aldermen twice called for federal and local aviation officials to appear before the council to answer questions, only to have their demands go unanswered.
Napolitano said holding a hearing was the bare minimum residents should have expected from their alderman.
O'Connor said she has worked to have three new noise monitors installed in the 41st Ward and pushed airlines to phase out their oldest, noisiest planes.
O'Connor won won 47.7 percent of the vote on Feb. 24 and Napolitano won 42.5 percent, according to the Chicago Board of Election Commissioners.
Some of O'Connor's strongest precincts were on the far west side of the ward in O'Hare, and on the far east side of the ward in Edgebrook, according to a DNAinfo Chicago analysis of the vote.
Napolitano ran strongest in the center of the ward in Norwood Park and Edison Park, where he lives with his wife and three children.
In precinct No. 5 in Edison Park and precinct No. 22 in Norwood Park, O'Connor won the most votes by less than a percentage point, results show.
Former Ald. Brian Doherty, who resigned after serving 20 years on the City Council representing the 41st Ward, was one of Napolitano's precinct captains. Doherty was the lone Republican at City Hall for most of his tenure.
Napolitano, a first-time candidate, said he reached out to Doherty for advice and help when he realized he needed help setting up his organization.
"In no way shape or form is he running our campaign," Napolitano said in an interview with DNAinfo Chicago.
Doherty, who ran unsuccessfully for state senate in 2011, said he joined Napolitano's campaign after being impressed by Napolitano's tenacity and record as a pro-union Republican.
"I'm a foot solider," Doherty said, adding that he thought Napolitano would be a much better alderman than O'Connor, who has voted with the mayor more than 90 percent of the time. "He won't roll over for the mayor."
The most recent votes that O'Connor cast against a proposal from the mayor cost her the support of the Service Employees International Union, which endorsed Napolitano. In the 2011 election, the SEIU spent $80,000 to help O'Connor win.
The union was angered by O'Connor's decision not to oppose Emanuel's decision to fire custodial workers at O'Hare Airport represented by the union and replace them with non-union employees, said SEIU State Council Executive Director Gerald Morrison.
But the final strike against O'Connor was when she voted in December to oppose a plan to raise the minimum wage from $8.25 to $13 over five years, Morrison said.
During the council debate, O'Connor said the hike would hurt small business owners like herself who treat their employees like family.
"That's when we decided a Republican firefighter would be better than a Democratic alderman," Morrison said, adding that the union even made a television ad criticizing O'Connor's vote on the issue. "We made a mistake supporting her the first time."
O'Connor has been endorsed by the Chicago Federation of Labor and eight other unions.
Napolitano, who was endorsed by the Chicago Republican Party, got $3,000 on Feb. 19 from the Illinois Opportunity Project, which is affiliated with Dan Proft, who ran for governor as a Republican, according to records filed with the Illinois State Board of Elections.
O'Connor called on Napolitano to return those contributions, saying they are from groups committed to "union busting."
Despite SEIU's switch, O'Connor continues to have a financial advantage over Napolitano, reporting at least $42,500 in contributions since Feb. 24, according to records provided by the Illinois State Board of Elections.
During that same period, Napolitano reported $31,500 in contributions, all but $3,500 from labor organizations representing police officers and firefighters, according to state records.
Registration and early voting will take place at 50 other locations around the city through April 4. Voters must show two forms of identification to register, and one to vote, officials said.
Through Thursday, 2,428 residents of the 41st Ward had voted early — the most of any Chicago ward, according to the Chicago Board of Election Commissioners.
Election Day is April 7.
For more neighborhood news, listen to DNAinfo Radio here:
It's been over two months since Billy Domineau's 9/11 Seinfeld spec script blew up the internet, and fortunately the success from the script has helped him land his very first staff writing job. Domineau – who has previously worked as a freelance Weekend Update joke contributor and Onion News Network writer – was recently hired as a staff writer for Family Guy, which is currently airing its 15th season on Fox. Here's what Domineau told us about what the Seinfeld script taught him back in August:
I feel like for many years I'd been trying to chase after what seems to be popular in the marketplace by modifying my voice in order to suit it, or by trying to tackle various media that doesn't necessarily lend itself to my brand of humor. Eventually, about a year ago or so, I said to myself “No more of that. You're just going to write and perform and create in a manner that you're most interested in and you're most comfortable in, and whatever happens, good or ill, that's fine.” I was getting sick of the feeling of chasing after this thing and not getting results and not enjoying the process, so ultimately, this is the type of project I was happy to take on — not expecting really anything from it with the process being its own reward. And luckily, there's been a reward on top of that.
Read our full interview with Domineau here, and if you haven't read his Seinfeld spec script yet, you can check it out here.
Three people were injured early this morning in what police said was a shootout in the parking lot of a Waffle House restaurant near Port Columbus.
Three people were injured early this morning in what police said was a shootout in the parking lot of a Waffle House restaurant near Port Columbus.
The shootout occurred at 2:40 a.m. at the Waffle House at 1405 N. Cassady Avenue, according to police.
Tyler Henderson, 29, was hospitalized with two gunshot wounds to his lower torso. William Townsend, 27, sustained a single gunshot wound to his upper torso. He was initially transported by a citizen to a nearby Columbus Fire station, then was taken to a hospital. Both Henderson and Townsend were listed in critical condition today, but they are expected to survive their injuries, according to police.
A third victim, Senethia Williams, 43, sustained a minor head wound. She drover herself to a private residence, and was later treated at a hospital.
Much of the restaurant was full of patrons this afternoon around lunchtime. Employees there declined to comment on the shooting.
jsmola@dispatch.com
@jennsmola
Creative Assembly lifts the lid on the Nostromo Edition
The news of Alien: Isolation's pre-order bonus has broken – the Nostromo Edition, which includes the bonus content “Crew Expendable”, contains Ellen Ripley and the original crew of the USS Nostromo.
The pre-order bonus content will find you playing as Dallas, Parker or the iconic Ellen Ripley. In the horrific moments following the deaths of Brett and Kane, it will be down to you to search for a way of escaping the Alien terror hunting you.
Along with Ash and Lambert, this is an unbelievably rare gathering of the Nostromo crew, reunited once more with the Nostromo Edition. Fans of Ridley Scott's film, Alien will no doubt be beyond excited to have the chance of playing through those terrifying moments of the film and in particular, as Ellen Ripley.
The legacy of Ellen Ripley, of course, lives on in the story of Amanda Ripley, which players will finally be able to explore in Creative Assembly‘s terrifying new video game from 7th October.
Pre-order now to ensure you don't miss getting Alien: Isolation on day one and the incredible chance to play as the cast of the original Alien movie in the Nostromo Edition.
Ready to fight back? Sign up for Take Action Now and get three actions in your inbox every week. You will receive occasional promotional offers for programs that support The Nation's journalism. You can read our Privacy Policy here. Sign up for Take Action Now and get three actions in your inbox every week.
Thank you for signing up. For more from The Nation, check out our latest issue
Subscribe now for as little as $2 a month!
Support Progressive Journalism The Nation is reader supported: Chip in $10 or more to help us continue to write about the issues that matter. The Nation is reader supported: Chip in $10 or more to help us continue to write about the issues that matter.
Fight Back! Sign up for Take Action Now and we'll send you three meaningful actions you can take each week. You will receive occasional promotional offers for programs that support The Nation's journalism. You can read our Privacy Policy here. Sign up for Take Action Now and we'll send you three meaningful actions you can take each week.
Thank you for signing up. For more from The Nation, check out our latest issue
Travel With The Nation Be the first to hear about Nation Travels destinations, and explore the world with kindred spirits. Be the first to hear about Nation Travels destinations, and explore the world with kindred spirits.
Sign up for our Wine Club today. Did you know you can support The Nation by drinking wine?
In 1494, Spain and Portugal were in serious competition over other peoples' lands. This bothered the church, and Pope Alexander VI made it his duty to write up the Treaty of Tordesillas, which dictated that Spain was free to attempt to conquer lands west of an imaginary line on the Atlantic, and Portugal could attempt the same for all lands east of that line, essentially creating Eastern and Western hemispheres. Ad Policy
A little more than two decades later, Spain's influence in what it thought was a new world grew nearly as much as its avarice. It wanted more lands, and all the resources that came with those lands. Ferdinand Magellan, who was Portuguese, offered his services to King Charles of Spain. His plan was to sail west, as the treaty obliged—but to sail so far west that he would essentially reach the Eastern Hemisphere, and attempt to conquer those lands for Spain. He eventually landed in what we now call the Philippines.
What we remember today is that Magellan led the first circumnavigation, going not only around the world itself but also cleverly around an international treaty. What we forget—or never learned to begin with—is that the nearly two-year voyage ended poorly for the explorer. Magellan was cunning enough to deceive a powerful religion and a budding empire, and was even crafty enough to get some indigenous leaders to sign on board for their own colonization on an island called Mactan, off the island Cebu in the Philippines.
But that wasn't the case when it came to a local indigenous chief named Lapu Lapu. Magellan was sure that he could convince Lapu Lapu that he, too, should accept colonization, and he scheduled a meeting to do just that. And in case words didn't do trick, Magellan brought along ships, mortars and more than 6,000 warriors that would. What Magellan wasn't prepared for was the ferocity of Lapu Lapu's resistance, backed by thousands of his indigenous warriors, who emerged victorious in the 1521 Battle of Mactan. Spain could claim that its agent sailed around the world—but it couldn't claim that he could conquer anything. The Spanish would wait almost forty-five years before attempting to colonize the islands again.
Lapu-Lapu City, the warrior chief's namesake that largely covers most of Mactan Island, was largely spared by Typhoon Haiyan. But the rest of the Philippines hasn't been so lucky. Because the sheer magnitude of destruction there has been so devastating, rescue efforts haven't yet started in earnest. And the immediate cleanup will be costly. To that end, the United States Agency for International Development has donated the paltry sum $20 million. Not only will that kind of money not get very far for the swift aid the Philippines needs right now, but it's not even a drop in the bucket of the debt owed for the historical carbon emissions the United States has created in the atmosphere, which have created the kind of changes in the climate that lead to massive typhoons in the Philippines for the last three years in a row.
When Pope Alexander VI divided the world, he drew a vertical line separting east from west. But colonization, and the resource plundering that followed, can be better understood as a north-south phenomenon. With little exception, the global South was colonized by the global North, which benefited not only from the theft of land but also from the theft of resources, often in the form of exploited labor and raw materials. The global North was then able to accumulate untold wealth as a result. But what's often left out of that calculation is the fact that the global South wasn't only depleted of its tangible labor and materials on earth—it was also stripped of its climate rights.
As I've explained previously, climate debt accounts for the historical carbon emissions created by the global North and owed to the global South. The atmosphere is shared by all of the inhabitants on earth, and we should have equal access to it. Yet between 1850 to 2004, the global North created almost 70 percent of the carbon build-up in the atmosphere—created during a time in which the global North accumulated untold wealth at the cost of enormous carbon emissions.
The consequences of those massive carbon emissions equal changes in the climate that fuel destruction in the form of typhoons like the one that ravaged the Philippines. But as fmost countries in the global South were pillaged of their resources, they were also pillaged of their ability to amass wealth. That means that when a massive storm strikes in the global South, those countries are far less likely to have the necessary wealth to mitigate the destruction. While the global North holds only about 15 percent of the global population, it has created the vast majority of historical climate emissions—allowing it to accumulate 80 percent of the world's wealth. The global South is home to about 85 percent of the world's peoples, has created only 30 percent of historical climate emissions, and has amassed only 20 percent of the world's wealth.
And although emerging economies like China are certainly responsible for growing levels of current carbon emissions, it doesn't come close to what the United States emits on a daily basis. The US has successfully lobbied to keep the Pentagon out of any and all international climate negotiations and agreements. Our military consumes more than 300,000 barrels of oil daily—and that doesn't count contracted facilities. If the Pentagon's carbon emissions in its thousands of military basis around the world were counted, the United States would be the clear top polluter. Instead, its operations—and subsequent pollution—remain uncounted when we talk about climate change.
It is dishonest to analyze Typhoon Haiyan without acknowledging the global North's historical carbon emissions, and current US pollution. As part of the global North, the United States owes a debt to the Philippines, and to the entire global South. A $20 million donation won't do much, especially at a time when it's already too late. Instead, the United States would be better suited to develop state-of-the-art energy technologies and share them with the world, and with the global South in particular. There are dozens of ways to pay down the climate debt. And they will only be realized once we admit what we owe.
Five hundred years ago, Lapu Lapu was able to resist Spanish colonization, and inspired generations of Fiipinos to fight against imperialism. As the corpses of climate change begin to rot in the Philippines, it's important to remember that ghost of resistance.
Peter Rothberg looks at how to help the Philippines recover from Haiyan.
Hello everyone and welcome to another figure review on Tiro Finale! Today, we will be taking a look at FuRyu's Super Sonico Holy Girl Concept Figure Black Version. Yes, it is indeed quite a handful both to say and type and for that reason, we will just be calling her Holy Girl Sonico. A few days back, I offered a quick teaser of what was installation for the review with a quick preview & unboxing . In that, I mentioned that my initial impressions of the figure were indeed very good. But, how does it hold up now against closer scrutiny? For that, we will have to find out in this review! Before that, a quick bit of information you might want to know about the figure.
Manufacturer: FuRyu
Series: Concept Figure, Super Sonico
Price: NA (~1,200 - 1,500 Yen)
Release Date: 08/2016
Scale: Non-scale (~160 mm)
Material: PVC
Front View
First up, I do have to apologize for the quality of the photos. The photos were really difficult to take especially with Sonico's jet black outfit throwing off the exposure so often. While there might not be much of it to begin with, it was more than enough to cause its fair share of issues especially between the start contrast between her dark outfit and her light skin tone.
Rear View
Shifting towards the back, you get pretty much the same thing with Sonico sporting nothing more than what appears to be a very skimpy nun outfit, a pair of gloves and a pair of black high heels. A rather seductive look for a nun by any regards.
Right View
The figure itself is rather simple in both outfit and pose with really not much to talk about in terms of detailing. Sonico's dress, headpiece, gloves and heels are all very simple in design with only two fleur-de-lis design on the lower hem of her dress. Some might consider this a negative on FuRyu's part of design but, I would be to differ. In fact, I think the simplicity works very well with the whole Holy Girl concept.
Left View
We even see that simplicity carry forth to the choice of colors. Aside from the usual skin tone and Sonico's pink hair, the only other main colors on show are black and white. Just like the detailing, this is a case of less is more put into practice.
So, Sonico does look absolutely ravishing when viewed from afar. But, how does she hold up to closer scrutiny? Let us find out!
We start with the facial detailing which is absolutely faultless. By now, FuRyu has easily produced the most Sonico prize figures among any other manufacturer and their expertise truly show in the final products. Sonico's eyes are large and bright with the matte decals applied neatly. A gentle blush and smile framed by her signature bangs help to frame the instantly recognizable Sonico look.
Moving on, we shift our focus to Sonico's hair and its finer finish. In the past, FuRyu has always been rather adventurous with to sculpt for Sonico's hair preferring to go for dynamic and dramatic sculpts. Unfortunately, we do not see that here today with Sonico opting for a more composed look. The front end of her hair flows nicely over her shoulders and over her bust with various individual layers giving a real sense of depth. My only complaint would be that some of the strands look rather clumpy and thick.
Over at the back, Sonico's headpiece covers up most of her hair with only the tip ends visible from particular angles. Sonico's wonderful flowing pink locks may not be on display here but, the lovely sculpt on the headpiece more than makes up for it. Just look at the way the fabric bends and creases almost as if it was the genuine article. Even the outline of Sonico's right hand is visible through the gentle creases of the headpiece!
The headpiece is non-removable and comes fixed on the figure from the moment you unbox it. Fans who want to pose her without the headpiece would be rather disappointed at the lack of customization options. Nevertheless, I think was a necessary sacrifice in order to save cost and not have to engineer a well-hidden connection for the headpiece. It was either that or you would have the option to remove it and have rather ugly connection point when removed.
FuRyu has been making Sonico figures for many years now as I have made clear earlier in the review. Over the years, they have improved by leaps and bounds namely in their finish quality and sculpting. But, if there was on thing that has not changed all these years, it is Sonico's headphones.
These things look exactly the same as they did in the earlier Sonico figures with the same rough silver finish and detailing. It is by no means ugly but, seeing no improvements circa 2016 is rather disappointing.
Oh, well. At least, it does do a good job of covering up any visible head seams. If it were of this quality and did not cover up head seams, that is when I would truly complain against its implementation. For now, such a drawback is nowhere near enough to be considered a deal-breaker.
Before we shift our focus to Sonico's svelte black dress, let us put the spotlight on Sonico's accessories. She does not have many but, their presence does do a great deal to break the monotony otherwise present upon closer inspection. The first of which are her two silver upper arm rings. These are an accessory commonly seen in Sonico prize figures, that is because they are the connection point for Sonico's upper arm to her torso. By separating the limbs into different parts, manufacturers are able to save cost while maintaining production quality of the figures. The bangles are not necessary but the lack of it would otherwise reveal an obvious seam. As such, I am more than happy to view this recurring feature.
Tucked beneath her pink hair is a white collar which is hardly visible unless you are actively looking out for it. I like this little touch especially since it reminds me of Bunny Girl outfits which have a similar design.
Besides her bangles and collar, Sonico also has on a pair of pearl white gloves. These gloves are rather shiny giving them the appearance of silk or satin. It is also really shiny!
A quick look at the other bangle on her left arm. As you can see, there are no visible seams at all. Speaking of seams, check out the upper border of Sonico's dress which neatly wraps around her bust with no deformations or glue marks at all. Pretty impressive stuff!
Sonico's hand is also gloved and pointed towards the back adding balance to the standing pose. Just like her other glove, this too is finished in a shiny pearl white finish. Under the right light, it even shimmers a little.
Now, we shift our focus towards Sonico's black dress which is no doubt one of the biggest draw of the entire figure. The dress' low cut both on top and bottom do little to hide Sonico's ample bosom! Unlike the rest of her outfit which are skin tight, the fabric for the bust portion of Sonico's outfit does look thicker almost as if they are molded cups with the purpose of containing Sonico's large bosom.
The lower half of Sonico's outfit appears to be significantly tighter, clearly showing the outline of her figure including her navel. Towards the lower border of the outfit is a slit which frees up more space for her assets while serving as a little tease factor.
If there is one thing you can count out when it comes to Sonico figures is the variation in her body shape. Sonico can be anything from a super-slim supermodel to a well-rounded gravure model as originally intended. While FuRyu often leans towards the source material, we can see her that FuRyu did op for a slightly slimmer look with slimmer arms and thighs. Fortunately, the tight outfit does reveal a slight bit of belly which reassures us that Sonico is not unrealistically thin.
All throughout her outfit are two clear seams that can be faintly seen when viewed up close. I am not sure whether the seam is intentional or a by-product of the manufacturing process. My theory? The seam needed to exist to allow manufacturers to piece the dress together and so, the sculptors decided to form the seam along the line where an actual stitch seam would be present in an outfit. For the most part, I think the execution is pretty well done.
The only decoration present on the entire dress are tow white fleur-de-lis designs at the bottom border of her dress. The patterned design is very neatly applied with sharp edges and defined borders. Moreover, it helps to add some much-needed contrast in the design.
Note the creases along where the slit in her dress is. This is very difficult to notice because of the dress' color and will likely be more noticeable in the blue color variant version.
Yes, Sonico's dress is far too shot barely covering up her bottoms. Then again, what would a Sonico figure be if not accompanied by excessive sex appeal?
Taking a look at Sonico's back, we can notice the gentle creases in her back where the fabric is significantly looser as it is under less pressure in the front. No surprise as to why there is so much pressure up front.
If you are wondering, her panties are white befitting of the Holy Girl image.
No stockings here, just Sonico's bare legs and a pair of black high heels.
Sonico's long slender legs are well sculpted from her thighs to her ankles.
It is nice to see that FuRyu has not forsaken another of Sonico's great features.
Wrapping up the whole Holy Girl look are a pair of black high heels. While not too dramatic in terms of design, these pair of heels at a sultry touch to the entire look. If you look hard enough, you will even notice the slight glitter incorporated into the black paint which is present throughout all the black parts in her outfit.
The base may be round and black but, it is anything but simple. The white medieval and cobweb patterns contrasting against the black base evokes an almost Halloween-like feel which explains why Sonico is dressed as a nun. A very simple touch but, one that adds plenty of story telling to the entire figure. Design aside, the base also serves an important functional piece where it securely mounts the figure upright. One peg in each leg secures a tight fit meaning you never have to worry about the figure falling off.
Before I come to the conclusion on this figure, we must first discuss the issue of price. Despite being a relatively recent release (August 2016), I only had to pay 1,200 Yen for her which is peanuts when you compare just how much scale figure cost there days.
But, that is before you factor in the simplicity of the figure's design and the fact that more elaborate Sonico prize figures can be gotten at a similar price point. Suddenly, the issue of value comes into question especially when there is only so much you can spend with a limited budget.
This is where things start to become tricky when you begin to actively compare one Sonico figure to another. Make no mistake, this is a very competent Sonico figure with flaws far and few in between. In fact, I would go as far as to say that this Sonico prize figure is perfect save for the slightly plain pose and colors.
So, what do you do? My advice? Unless you really really like the design and nun concept, you should prioritize other Sonico prize figures first. This recommendation is made over several factors. The first, as I have mentioned above, is price where you can get far more intricate and detailed Sonico prize figures for the same price. Secondly, there is the matter of age. Having been released in 2016, this is one of the more recent Sonico figures. As such, it can still be found abundantly in the market. It would be much wiser to focus on the older Sonico figures which may soon be no longer available in the re-sellers market.
Before we end the review, it is important to note that FuRyu also produced a metallic blue color variation of this figure. For all the "complaints" I have about the bland design, the metallic blue variant may just add the touch of uniqueness that I am looking for. I plan to review that version in the future too so, do stay tuned with that!
All in all, the Holy Girl Sonico is a faultless figure. This was a prize figure that I have been looking forth to for a long time since laying eyes on the original illustration. At the end of this review, I can gladly report that she lives up to my expectation and more. And because I have all the Sonico prize figures that I ever wanted prior to getting her, she becomes that much more special upon receiving her.
The Heartland Institute is trying to nurture the next generation of climate change deniers.
The conservative and libertarian think tank has sent out 25,000 copies of the organization's book, Why Scientists Disagree About Global Warming, and an accompanying 10-minute DVD to 25,000 science teachers this month, according to a Frontline report. The book argues that climate change is not settled science.
Katie Worth, who authored the Frontline report, called the effort a "massive propaganda campaign by the nation's leading climate change skeptical think tank."
The Heartland Institute, which has received funding from polluting industries such as Exxon and the Koch family, rejects the scientific community's widespread consensus that human activity causes climate change.
The organization plans to send the materials to another 25,000 teachers every two weeks until every public-school science teacher in the nation has a copy, Heartland president and CEO Joseph Bast said.
This means the book and DVD could end up in the mailboxes of more than 200,000 K-12 science teachers in the country. The campaign began in mid-March.
Frontline also published a cover letter of the materials from Lennie Jarratt, project manager of Heartland's Center for Transforming Education, who asks that the teacher "consider the possibility" that climate science is not settled.
The 2015 book is coauthored by Drs. Craig D. Idso, Robert M. Carter and S. Fred Singer, who have been heavily involved in the "debate" over global warming.
Here are some tidbits about the authors:
According to DeSmog, Idso believes that "CO2 is not a pollutant" and is the chairman and former resident of the Center for the Study of Carbon Dioxide and Global Change, which has a mission is to "separate reality from rhetoric in the emotionally-charged debate that swirls around the subject of carbon dioxide and global change."
Carter, who passed away last year, was an Australian marine geologist and a paid climate change denier, SourceWatch noted. He once asserted that the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change has not found evidence that global warming was caused by human activity.
Singer, a former space scientist and government scientific administrator, founded the Science & Environmental Policy Project in 1990, a 501(c)(3) "educational group" focusing on global warming denial, according to DeSmog. Idso and Singer helped develop the Heartland Institute's "Nongovernmental International Panel on Climate Change. Singer said in Jan. 2016 that "the real threat to humanity comes not from any (trivial) greenhouse warming but from cooling periods creating food shortages and famines."
The letter directs teachers to visit Izzit.org to access an online guide to using the DVD. Izzit.org is a "right-wing advocacy organization" that provides free educational videos to U.S. educators and homeschoolers.
The National Center for Science Education, an Oakland, California nonprofit that monitors climate change education in classrooms criticized the mailing campaign.
"It's not science, but it's dressed up to look like science," NCSE executive director Ann Reid told Frontline. "It's clearly intended to confuse teachers."
Climatologist Michael Mann also tweeted that the Heartland Institute is trying to "indoctrinate children with climate denial propaganda."
Bast, Heartland's president, said that some teachers have appreciated the information and even asked for a Heartland speaker to visit a class.
However, many science teachers have not welcomed the campaign.
As Frontline wrote:
Lori Baker, a sixth-grade science teacher at North Putnam Middle School in Roachdale, Indiana, found the package in her school mailbox and was dismayed by its contents. "I read quite a bit of the book, actually, and it was extremely frustrating. It's an attempt to sound science literate, but there's very little actual data," she said.
Baker pointed to the first paragraph of the foreword, written by Marita Noon, executive director of Citizens' Alliance for Responsible Energy, a nonprofit and lobbying group that advocates for the use of fossil fuels. In it, Noon writes that Obama's description of climate change as the greatest threat facing mankind is "laughable" at a time when "ISIS is beheading innocent people."
"That as a foreword to something claiming to be scientific is pretty shocking," said Baker.
Former acting attorney general Sally Yates told members of the Senate Judiciary Committee that former national security adviser Michael Flynn was "compromised" after contacts with Russian officials during testimony on May 8 at the Capitol. (Video: Reuters)
Former acting attorney general Sally Yates is testifying this afternoon along with former director of national intelligence James R. Clapper Jr. before the Senate Judiciary Committee's subcommittee on crime and terrorism, chaired by Sen. Lindsey O. Graham (R-S.C.), who unlike some GOP colleagues seems interested in getting to the bottom of the Russia scandal in a timely fashion and in full view of the American public.
Word leaked out before she appeared that President Barack Obama, according to multiple Obama administration officials, warned then-President-elect Donald Trump not to hire Michael Flynn as national security adviser. News reports also previewed Yates's testimony that she had issued an urgent warning to the White House counsel concerning Flynn's contacts with Russia, which Flynn lied about and would therefore open him to blackmail.
Former CIA and NSA director Michael V. Hayden had chimed in on CNN's morning show: “If the acting attorney general insists on seeing the White House counsel, that is a tectonic thing in its own right,” Hayden said. “It suggests one: the chaos in the Trump White House, second is the inordinate distrust of the officials from the government they were replacing, and third is going to feed that darker narrative out there with regard to the relationship with the Trump campaign and the Russian Federation.”
[Sally Yates publicly confirms important facts about the Trump-Russia story]
With all that build-up, Yates's testimony might have been anti-climactic. It was not. She described two in-person meetings with Trump White House Counsel Donald McGahn. Both meetings were attended by one of McGahn's associates and a Justice Department career civil servant from the national security division. In other words, there were plenty of witnesses. Yates testified that she told McGahn on Jan. 26 that Justice was aware that what Flynn was telling Vice President Pence about contacts with the Russians was untrue. She explained the “underlying conduct was problematic in and of itself,” and that it set up the potential for Flynn to be “compromised.” McGahn called her back to the White House on Jan. 27 when he asked questions including what was the concern about one White House official lying to another, whether Flynn might be criminally prosecuted, whether taking action would compromise the investigation and whether the administration could see the underlying data. On Jan. 30, Yates told McGahn the intelligence could in fact be reviewed.
Former acting attorney general Sally Yates testified at a Senate Judiciary Committee hearing on alleged Russian meddling in the 2016 U.S. presidential election on May 8. (Reuters)
The mystery as to why Flynn remained in place for 18 days remains. Did McGahn tell Trump about his meetings with Yates? Did McGahn ever review the underlying intelligence? Who made the decision that keeping Flynn on the job until four days after The Post broke the story that Flynn had lied to Pence? Why did they not believe his ongoing presence in the administration was a problem — or set Pence straight that he was telling untrue things to the American people because Flynn had lied to Pence?
Yates repeated that the risk was that the Russians would subtly and not so subtly use the fact Flynn had lied to pressure him in ways favorable to them. And she stressed it was not fair to Pence for him to be in the dark. Ironically, it seemed Yates was more concerned about Pence's reputation than was the rest of the administration.
Clapper's testimony should not be overlooked. His description of the thoroughness and certainty of the intelligence community's assessment of Russian interference belies President Trump's bizarre and entirely unjustified efforts to call into question his intelligence community's findings. The findings and conclusions some four months after the report concluding Russia had interfered in the election to help Trump and hurt Hillary Clinton was issued “still stand,” he said. Clapper stated, “They must be congratulating themselves for having exceeded their wildest expectations. They are now emboldened to continue such activities in the future, both here and around the world, and to do so even more intensely.” He warned, “If there has ever been a clarion call for vigilance and action against a threat to the very foundations of our democratic political system, this episode is it.”
Yates's testimony continues, as do the string of questions surrounding the administration's bizarre conduct.
UPDATE, 4:30 p.m.: Yates is giving a tutorial in committee testifying. She just walloped not one but two GOP senators. Sen. John Cornyn (R-Tex.) tried to accuse her of misconduct in refusing to defend the Trump administration's travel ban, which was ultimately blocked by multiple courts. Yates reminded him that at her confirmation hearing, Cornyn had asked if she would refuse to carry out an illegal or unconstitutional order. She recalled she had promised him she would indeed refuse. Ouch. Then up came Sen. Ted Cruz (R-Tex.) sleazily trying to get her to opine on Huma Abedin's email habits(!). When that led nowhere, he took to quoting the statutory basis for the travel ban. She corrected him by pointing out that there was subsequent congressional action that specifically prohibited religious discrimination. Moreover, she took the opportunity to drop the news bomb that the administration ordered the Office of Legal Counsel to not even tell the acting attorney general the ban was in the works. Game, set, match.
Google today released a Mac version of its Google Email Uploader, an application geared toward easing the transition to a Google Apps account. The application is designed to simplify the process of uploading hundreds of messages at a time from any three of the major Mac e-mail applications: Mail, Eudora, and Thunderbird. Currently, the Email Uploader will not transfer mail to an ordinary Gmail account; it requires a Google Apps for a business account.
This is good news for Mac-based businesses looking to outsource their e-mail and take advantage of Google's system, but have dreaded transferring years' worth of old messages. The application is far from perfect, though: for instance, the system limits the uploader to one message per second after 500 messages, but the automation might make it worthwhile to do 500 messages at a time.
One can only hope that Google will soon allow the same thing for regular users of Gmail. Painlessly uploading thousands of old messages from one of my older e-mail accounts would not only be a good use of the space Google provides, but it would allow me to use Google's search to sift through them all.
Esoteric Anatomy: The Body as Consciousness
We invite you to contemplate an ancient vision of the universe as a living, breathing, conscious Being . . .
and the ubiquitous Golden Spiral as the mathematical expression of the life breath of a living universe.
Chapter 8
The Golden Spiral :
a Key To Understanding Energy in Nature
All bodies in nature or organized around the proportional harmonics
of the rhythms of the Earth's breath.
The Divine Proportion was closely studied by the Greek sculptor, Phidias, hence, it was given the name Phi. Also known as the Golden Mean, the Magic Ratio, the Fibonacci Series, etc., Phi can be found throughout the universe; from the spirals of galaxies to the spiral of a Nautilus seashell; from the harmony of music to the beauty in art. A botanist will find it in the growth patterns of flowers and plants, while the zoologist sees it in the breeding of rabbits. The entomologist views it in the genealogy of a bee, and the physicist observes it in the behavior of light and atoms. A Wall Street analyst finds it in the rising and falling patterns of a market, the mathematician in the examination of the pentagram. . . . The ancient Egyptians used it in the construction of the great pyramids and in the design of hieroglyphs found on tomb walls . . . . Plato in his Timaeus considered it the most binding of all mathematical relations and makes it the key to the physics of the cosmos.1
We find the same proportional harmonics in the average distance
of the planets from the sun as the chambers of a nautilus.
The Secret Power of Music
Not only “solid” matter but all forms of energy, are composed of waves: which is to say, vibrations. All of the different kinds of electromagnetic energy—including radio waves, heat, X rays, cosmic rays, visible light, infra-red, and ultraviolet—are composed of wave like or vibratory activity, these vibrations traveling through the universe at 186,000 miles per second. The only difference between each of these phenomena is their frequency of vibration or wavelength. Each merges into the other at a certain wavelength: which obviously means, when one gets down to it, they are each one and the same thing.4
(Picture this spiral three-dimensionally as a spiraling vortex, undulating in both directions, centrifugally, and centripetally simultaneously at the speed of life .)7
(Picture this spiral three-dimensionally as a spiraling vortex, undulating in both directions, centrifugally, and centripetally simultaneously.)7
The ancient rishis (seers) purified their bodies and concentrated their minds. They communed with the intelligence of the cosmic being through prayer and devotion. They actualized micro clairvoyant powers (siddhi) in which they directly experienced the fundamental forces of creation. They witnessed “spirals, within, spirals, within spirals . . . ” as they described the vibratory nature of energy. They described the gunas, the fundamental modes of nature, which they likened to a rope spun of three threads. Centrifugal and centripetal spiraling around an unchanging core. Spiraling through all vibration are a balance of centrifugal and centripetal currents fractally emanating from an infinite core. These forces radiate from the core, universally, in the proportional harmonics defined by the Golden Spiral.5
Like wheels within wheels, fields undulate within fields in the universal
electromagnetic process of centrifugal and centripetal forces.
All energy in creation vibrates as a Logarithmic Spiral.6
Musical Notes Colors
G Ultraviolet
F, F# Violet
E Indiago Blue
D# Cyanogen Blue
D Greenish Blue
C# Green
C Yellow
A# Orange-red
G#, A Red
G Infrared
Nature herself also indicates the close link between sound and light, the solar spectrum of colors displaying a number of the properties of tones. The resemblance is just as though the one phenomenon—light—were a higher state of the other. Just as audible tone organizes itself naturally into the seven notes of the diatonic scale, so too does the visible solar spectrum form the seven colors of the rainbow.9
Out of the one white light radiate the solar spectrum of the seven colors of the rainbow. Tradition holds that all of the universe is formed by and thus mirrors the seven major (and five minor) cosmic tones.
The “menorah” that was the centerpiece of the Tabernacle in the wilderness and of the first and second Temples in Jerusalem had seven branches.
“Numerous studies document the ubiquity of the Golden Ratio and the Fibonacci Series, which describe the rhythmic laws of the gains and losses in the radiation of energy.”13 For example, Professor Amstutz of the Mineralogical Institute at the University of Heidelberg maintains: “Matter's latticed waves are spaced at intervals corresponding to the frets on a harp or guitar with analogous sequences of overtones arising from each fundamental. The science of musical harmony is in these terms practically identical with the science of crystals.”14 Wilfried Krü ger, in his book Das Universium Singt (The Universe Sings) combines a knowledge of musical theory and atomic physics. He demonstrates that the structure of atoms contain ratios and numbers that parallel the harmonious principles of music. Through a wealth of highly detailed and painstakingly prepared notes and diagrams he demonstrates that it is impossible for chance alone to account for the consistently musical patterns of the song of the universe.15
The ancient cultures understood the profound harmony of the universe. Their science was based on this fundamental aspect of universal law. Universally, energy emanates from a center in a “step-down” process that follows the Golden Spiral of the Divine Proportion. Seven fields of force radiate from a center, in a quantum step-down of graduated phases, within a continuous process. The first two steps are the inner harmonics of the causal and mental plane; the next five steps are the elemental harmonics of resonance that underlie matter: Ether, Air, Fire, Water, and Earth. The Law of Seven is a fundamental principle in the theomorphic perspective.
"Theomorphic" stepdown of energy. All forms in Nature embody the process of creation!
Golden Spiral: Life breath of a living universe . . .
Cross-section of logarithmic spiral pictured above.
Elemental Fields
Ether
Ether + Air sustain Air
Ether + Air + Fire sustain Fire Ether +Air + Fire sustain Water
Ether +Air + Fire + Water sustain Earth
Air rules the pentamorous
interplay of the elements.
Air radiates from the central axis
to unite the core and the periphery
Fire radiates from the "Hara" deep in the pelvis.
Fire radiates from the "Hara" deep in the pelvis.
Qualitie Of The Elements
ELEMENT
EMOTION
MOVEMENT
FUNCTION
LIQUID
SOLID
ETHER
Grief
Lengthening
Sleep
Saliva
Hair
AIR
Desire
Speed
Thirst
Sweat
Skin
FIRE
Anger
Shaking
Hunger
Urine
Blood Vessels
WATER
Attachment
Movement
Luster
Semen/Ovum
Flesh/Fat
EARTH
Fear
Contraction
Laziness
Blood
Bone
Narendra Modi in New Delhi on Monday. (Prem Singh)
New Delhi, May 4: When Prime Minister Narendra Modi flies to Ulan Bator next week, he will carry with him an unlikely gift from a government that has made Hindi a linguistic priority: the promise of an English-medium school.
Mongolia has requested India to help set up a secondary school in its capital to feed the growing demand for English in a country where Russian and Chinese were for decades the only major foreign languages learned by the local population.
India has agreed to commit to the school during Modi's trip among multiple soft diplomacy initiatives that New Delhi hopes will help it unlock Mongolia's massive mineral resources, including uranium, and send China a quiet signal.
"This is a truly historic visit and the promise will demonstrate the potential of this relationship," Sanjaasuren Bayara, Mongolia's ambassador to India, told The Telegraph. "There is massive respect in Mongolia for India's education system."
Modi will be the first Indian Prime Minister to visit Mongolia. He will arrive in Ulan Bator on May 16 from Shanghai and will leave the next day for Seoul, the third leg of his three-nation East Asia trip.
In Ulan Bator, Modi will hold talks with Mongolian President Tsakhiagiin Elbegdorj - the country's most prominent post-communist leader -- and Prime Minister Chimediin Saikhanbileg.
For India, the visit is strategically important because Ulan Bator has a relationship with Beijing not very different from the one between New Delhi and other South Asian capitals.
In effect, India is quietly signalling payback -- using the discomfort in Mongolia with "Big Brother" China to create strategic space for itself, just as Beijing has tried to use similar sentiments in South Asia against New Delhi.
Indian and Mongolian negotiators are working on an agreement to try and elevate their relationship to the status of a "strategic partnership" during Modi's trip, officials from the two nations independently told this newspaper.
Mongolia, which shed communism for multi-party democracy peacefully in 1990, has in recent years also begun to open up its mineral wealth. This has drawn western companies and diggers in droves even as Ulan Bator fine-tunes its regulatory framework in the sector.
Apart from uranium, the country has known deposits of gold, coal, copper, tin, tungsten and molybdenum.
Indian and Mongolian defence officers already travel to each other's military schools for training, and this relationship could be expanded during the Prime Minister's visit, officials said.
But for Modi to break new ground with Mongolia, he will first need to correct perceptions in Ulan Bator about a relationship his predecessors ignored.
Mongolia's top leaders have made multiple India trips: President Elbegdorj in 2009, the then Prime Minister Nambaryn Enkhbayar in 2004, and an earlier President, Natsagiin Bagabandi, in 2001. But just two Indian Presidents -- Pratibha Patil and R. Venkatraman --- and no Prime Ministers have ever visited Mongolia.
That's where India is counting on soft diplomacy to break the ice.
Modi, officials said, will present Elbegdorj with a sapling of the holy Bodhi tree from Bodh Gaya to signal the centuries-old ties that bind India and a predominantly Buddhist Mongolia.
India, during Modi's trip, will also commit medical equipment for cancer treatment in Mongolia. But it is education where Mongolia is primarily looking for Indian help.
Enkh Batsaikhan, an MBA student in Pune who is among over 200 Mongolian students currently in India, corroborated the view.
"For a country like ours, there's nothing more important right now than modern education that exposes young Mongolians to the world," Batsaikhan said over the phone. "If India can help us with that, Mongolia will remain eternally grateful."
Modi will, during his trip, promise to set up a new information technology institute in addition to the Atal Bihari Vajpayee Centre for Excellence in Information and Communication Technology already in Ulan Bator, officials said.
The Prime Minister will commit to upgrading an art design school named after former Prime Minister Rajiv Gandhi, also in the Mongolian capital.
Yet it is the English-medium secondary school that Mongolia is most looking forward to, the country's ambassador said. Mongolia has already earmarked land for the project, right next to the Rajiv Gandhi design school.
The Modi government has trained greater focus on Hindi than its predecessor, even emphasising the language in diplomacy. The foreign ministry has set up a Hindi division for the first time, under joint secretary Mridul Kumar, to promote the use of the language in official work.
But the language that interests Mongolia is English, the second most popular foreign language in that country today after Russian, and more in demand than even Chinese.
That demand, though, is bumping up against an affordability challenge. Only a clutch of private schools in Mongolia use English as their medium of teaching, catering only to the elite of Mongolian society, ambassador Bayara said.
A public school supported by India through funds, teachers and curricula could serve as a template Mongolia can then replicate, he added.
"What Mongolians respect most about Indian education is its combination of quality and affordability," Bayara said. "That's what we would like to bring to Mongolia too."
The boy, who cannot be named for legal reasons, also admitted three charges of sexual assault by touching and one of common assault on the young girl when he appeared at Llandudno Magistrates Court.
Last week the boy had denied the charges when he appeared at Caernarfon Magistrates Court.
Initially defence solicitor Nicola Jones said there were medical issues involving the boy which may have explained his behaviour.
But yesterday District Judge Andrew Shaw was told there had been discussions between the boy's parents, his solicitor and his doctor which had led to a change of mind and ultimately a change of plea.
"After very lengthy discussions with his doctor, who has known him for many years, it became clear there was nothing medically that could have caused this type of behaviour.
"I have spoken at length with the boy and his parents and advised them of the consequences of a guilty plea and the decision they have taken, on the basis of my advice, is that he will plead guilty to all the charges," said Mrs Jones.
The boy was accompanied at yesterday's hearing by his father and grandmother.
His dad held him close during the 10-minute hearing.
A two-day trial due for March is not now needed the judge ruled.
Adjourning the matter for the preparation of reports the judge said: "It's an extremely difficult case."
No details of the charges were outlined in court yesterday but at the previous hearing at Caernarfon Magistrates Court the court heard that he is said to have told the girl, who lives near to the boy's home in Gwynedd, to accompany him to a nearby pond to see some fish.
At that spot he is said to have asked the girl to perform a sex act on him, the basis of the rape charge.
It was also alleged he pushed her causing her to fall into the shallow pond.
The offences, which happened last August, came to light when the girl returned home crying, soaking wet and covered in mud and told her mother what had happened.
The judge allowed the boy conditional bail until the next hearing.
SEOUL (Reuters) - Public executions and torture are daily occurrences in North Korea's prisons, according to dramatic testimony from former inmates at a U.N. Commission of Inquiry that opened in South Korea's capital on Tuesday.
Michael Kirby (L), chairman of the United Nations Commission of Inquiry on North Korea, poses a question to Shin Dong-hyuk (R), a former North Korean defector, during a public hearing at Yonsei university in Seoul August 20, 2013. REUTERS/Kim Hong-Ji
This is the first time that the North's human rights record has been examined by an expert panel, although the North, now ruled by a third generation of the founding Kim family, denies that it abuses human rights. It refuses to recognize the commission and has denied access to investigators.
Harrowing accounts from defectors now living in South Korea related how guards chopped off a man's finger, forced inmates to eat frogs and a mother to kill her own baby.
“I had no idea at all ... I thought my whole hand was going to be cut off at the wrist, so I felt thankful and grateful that only my finger was cut off,” said Shin Dong-hyuk, punished for dropping a sewing machine.
Born in a prison called Camp 14 and forced to watch the execution of his mother and brother whom he turned in for his own survival, Shin is North Korea's best-known defector and camp survivor. He said he believed the U.N. panel was the only way to improve human rights in the isolated and impoverished state.
“Because the North Korean people cannot stand up with guns like Libya and Syria ... I personally think this is the first and last hope left,” Shin said. “There is a lot for them to cover up, even though they don't admit to anything.”
There are a 150,000-200,000 people in North Korean prison camps, according to independent estimates, and defectors say many inmates are malnourished or worked to death.
After more than a year and a half ruling North Korea, Kim Jong-un, 30, has shown few signs of changing the rigid rule of his father, Kim Jong Il, and grandfather, state founder Kim Il Sung. Neither have there been signs of a thaw or loss of control inside the tightly controlled state.
Jee Heon-a, 34, told the Commission that from the first day of her incarceration in 1999, she discovered that salted frogs were one of the few things to eat.
“Everyone's eyes were sunken. They all looked like animals. Frogs were hung from the buttons of their clothes, put in a plastic bag and their skins peeled off,” she said. “They ate salted frogs and so did I.”
Speaking softly, she took a deep breath when describing in detail how a mother was forced to kill her own baby.
“It was the first time I had seen a newborn baby and I felt happy. But suddenly there were footsteps and a security guard came in and told the mother to turn the baby upside down into a bowl of water,” she said.
“The mother begged the guard to spare her, but he kept beating her. So the mother, her hands shaking, put the baby face down in the water. The crying stopped and a bubble rose up as it died. A grandmother who had delivered the baby quietly took it out.”
“TOUGH NUT”
Few experts expect the commission to have an immediate impact on the rights situation, although it will serve to publicize a campaign that has little visibility globally.
“The U.N. has tried various ways to pressure North Korea over the years in the field of human rights, and this is a way to raise the pressure a bit,” said Bill Schabas, professor of international law at Middlesex University in Britain.
“But it's obvious that North Korea is a tough nut to crack and the U.N.'s means are limited. There would need to be profound political changes in North Korea to make headway in the field of human rights.”
But there appeared to be little interest in the issue in Seoul. Only a few dozen people, including journalists, attended the public hearing at a city center university.
Defectors are largely shunned or ignored in South Korea and eke out an existence in menial jobs, if they have them at all, according to official data.
Kim Jong-un stepped up the nuclear weapons and rocket programs launched by his father with a third nuclear test and two rocket launches and emphasizes the military in his speeches.
This year, he threatened the United States, South Korea and Japan with nuclear attack and although the country's bellicose moves were dismissed as empty rhetoric, Kim succeeded in driving tension on the divided Korean peninsula sharply higher.
The hope of many activists would be for the Kim dynasty to fall and for leaders in Pyongyang to be put on trial at the International Criminal Court (ICC) in The Hague, although the U.N. commission says this is not possible for the moment.
Shin Dong-hyuk, a former North Korean defector, attends a public hearing at Yonsei university in Seoul August 20, 2013. REUTERS/Kim Hong-Ji
On its website, the Commission said it was “not appropriate” to comment on any ICC jurisdiction over potential crimes against humanity as North Korea had not signed the statutes that would enable the court to prosecute.
But activists said word of the commission would seep into the North via unofficial contacts maintained by families.
“People living their daily lives here don't realize how important this is. It will have a tremendously powerful impact across North Korea,” said Kim Sang-hun, chairman of Database Center for North Korean Human Rights, a South Korean group.
Before and after: Pictures from Reddit user angrydave show how his mate was asked to turn his Aboriginal flag singlet inside out. (Reddit)
Parliament House was the only place that took offence to the slogan on the man's Aboriginal flag singlet.
The Department of Parliamentary Services says it “regrets if any offence was taken” after security guards asked a man to turn his Aboriginal flag singlet inside out before entering the building.
Reddit user angrydave posted that he and a colleague tried to enter Parliament House earlier this week but immediately came under the scrutiny of parliamentary security.
Pictures posted on Reddit show a man wearing a singlet with the Aboriginal flag and the words 'White Australia has a black history' emblazoned across the front standing on Parliament's forecourt.
Another picture shows the same man in the public gallery of the Senate chamber with the black singlet turned inside out.
“Protest paraphernalia including banners, placards and clothing with specific messages are not permitted into Parliament House,” a statement from the Department of Parliamentary Services says.
The Department says there is a wide spectrum of objects that can be used in protest.
"Protest paraphernalia can take many forms and therefore it is not possible to be totally prescriptive as to what is or is not acceptable,” it said.
“Security officers have exercised discretion in good faith and the Department of Parliamentary Services regrets if any offence was taken by the individual.”
Reddit user angrydave says he and his friend were testing the standards of buildings in Canberra's Parliamentary Triangle.
“We were actually aiming to see how many government institutions we could get into in thongs,” he posted.
“The answer is all.”
The men say Parliament House was the only building to take exception to the singlet.
“Everywhere else we went that day (National Library, etc) didn't bat an eyelid.”
By: Sarah Rowan, Assistant News Editor
An April 6 TUPD police report confirms that an incident involving bias language between a white male student and black female workers at the Liberal Arts Cafe took place April 5 and 6, but the incident is not recorded on TUPD's crime log.
According to Deputy Chief of Police Joe Herring, the TUPD investigation concluded that no crime had been committed.
“Based on what was reported to us, what occurred did not amount to a violation of law,” Herring said. “It wasn't a crime, so we didn't classify it as a crime. Had it risen to the level of a classification of a crime, we would have reported it as a crime and it would have been in the crime log.”
According to worker statements obtained by The Towerlight, the student came to the cafe counter at around 10 a.m. Tuesday, April 5. When the worker did not correctly hear the student's order and repeated it back to him, he became angry and responded with, “Your people don't know how to listen,” according to the worker's account.
When the worker placed the cup on the counter, the student threw his money at her and walked away.
According to the statements, which also reported past encounters between the student and the workers in which he used the “N-word” and other racial slurs, the workers were instructed by their supervisor not to serve him anymore.
According to the police reports, the student returned to the counter the next morning. When the workers told him that they wouldn't serve him, he said that they had to because he is a student. A cafe employee called the police while others began to serve other customers in line.
The student then threatened to come across the counter and take a cup himself and told the workers that he “had something for them” and began to dig through his backpack before walking away, according to the statement.
One worker statement described him “[going] in his bag like he had a weapon.”
One of the workers called the police a second time, this time telling them that they needed to come soon.
According to the police report, when TUPD arrived, the student denied using any offensive language to the cafe staff on both April 5 or 6 and left the scene without further incident.
The workers all reported feeling threatened and unsafe. One worker described that she now “finds [herself] looking over [her] shoulder when trying to perform [her] work duty.”
Another worker described feeling “scared for [her] life.” In her statement, she said that if nothing is done about the incident, she will resign from Towson and relocate to another facility or business.
Herring said that TUPD has added additional patrols to the Liberal Arts Building.
“We always alter our visible presence based on incidents that have been reported to us,” Herring said.
According to the police report, the student has been involved in several related incidents on campus.
On April 13, Cook Library personnel notified TUPD that a student, identified as the same student from the CLA incident, had been abusive toward library staff and students.
The report documents claims that the student had three separate interactions with a student assistant.
During the third interaction, he made a statement that she paraphrased as “You know, I have dreams of hurting you people. I have a taser and every time someone says something stupid, I just tase you.”
Similar incidents took place March 23 at Cook Library, Dec. 9 at Newell Den and Sept. 28 at Cook Library.
When an incident is reported, an investigation is launched. In most cases, TUPD is the first point of contact in an investigation to determine whether a crime has been committed.
After TUPD determines if the conduct involves any applicable criminal laws, the complaint is sent to the appropriate office for review and adjudication. In this case, the accused was a student, so the complaint was sent to the Office of Student Conduct and Civility Education (OSCCE).
OSCCE will review the police report and any related information to determine whether any violations of the Code of Student Conduct were committed.
OSCCE will then issue a charge letter to the student to inform them of the charges against them and of their expected meeting with a conduct officer.
An email from the faculty-led Social Justice Collective to its members alleged that the student may have met with OSCCE. It also stated that if this meeting occurred, none of the LA Cafe staff were invited to participate in this meeting.
Director of OSCCE Regina Curran said that she could not confirm that this meeting had taken place due to the Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act (FERPA), which protects the privacy of student education records.
All students are afforded due process. The timetable for meeting with the student, determining responsibility and issuing a sanction can take from three days to a week, depending on the severity and complexity of the complaint.
The sanction can range anywhere from a no-contact order with the complainant to probation and possible suspension from the university.
According to Department of Sociology, Anthropology and Criminal Justice assistant professor Elyshia Aseltine, different campus groups have been working on letters to administration proposing changes to how these incidents are handled.
“We're recognizing solidarity with the women and showing that students and faculty support them, but also advocating for better institutional responses,” Aseltine said. “We are proposing specific changes to the way hate and bias crimes are dealt with on campus.”
–Cody Boteler contributed to this article.
We all know about vampires and werewolves, or at least we think we do. The legends and myths that inspired these monsters are sometimes surprisingly different, but no less chilling. In this series of posts, Monster Monday, we'll investigate the monsters that have informed our modern notions, as well as some lesser known monsters. Today, we talk about the Brownie.
A brownie is a fairy spirit in folklore from Scotland and northern England. Brownies live in houses or barns and help with household chores, usually for small gifts of food left out for them before the household goes to bed. Sometimes, they play tricks like rearranging furniture, but generally they are seen as benign. They are especially fond of honey and porridge. Other popular gifts are milk, cream, corn, or even small amounts of beer.
They will leave a house if they do not receive any gifts or if they're mistreated or insulted. A house the brownies have abandoned is regarded as unlucky for its residents, even residents who move in after the brownies have left and had nothing to do with driving them away,
Brownies do most of their work at night and don't like to be seen by humans, though they can sometimes be heard. During the day they will stay in unused parts of the house. Since they don't like to appear to humans, there is some disagreement on what they look like, but some say that they appear as short, plump old men. Though they don't associate with humans, they are sociable among their own kind and often gather together.
One part of the legend is that if a brownie is presented with new clothes, he will disappear and never come back. In this regard folklore about brownies served as the basis for the house elves in the Harry Potter series.
Evidence of observational learning (social learning) is present in many species. One such task is the one-trial taste-avoidance task, in which Actor chicks peck a bead coated with an aversant substance. Observer chicks learn to avoid beads that are similar in appearance to the one presented to the Actors. It has been firmly established that active learning of the one-trial taste-avoidance task is dependent on a constrained level of glutamate receptor activation. The current study examined the effects of memantine, a noncompetitive N-methyl-D-aspartate receptor antagonist, on the learning by Observers. Memantine produced an inverted U-shaped dose-dependent response curve; 1.0 mmol/l memantine produced significant improvement. These results demonstrate that memantine influences memory formation for observational learning in the day-old chick and support the hypothesis that memantine can improve memories by altering levels of glutamate during memory formation.
Nvidia's last GPU roadmap update came back in September last year, but the information was scarce at the time. Thanks to the latest update, we're now aware of Nvidia's future plans for 2016-2017, which are summarized below.
First of all, there is no change in the roadmap in relation to existing products. Strickly speaking, the Maxwell 1.0 core generation with the chip code number GM108 still exists, powering the low-end mobile products. The only adopted product includes the GeForce 930M / 940M that features 3 Smaller Streaming Multiprocessors (SMMs) with 384 shader cores.
Speaking of this year, the next-gen Pascal architecture is scheduled to be deployed in every upcoming product. With the chip code name marked as GPxxx, the high-end products are expected to be powered by GP100, as published in the lecture slides at the 2015 Taiwan GTC Deep Learning, which was held back in September last year.
In addition to this, we've also recently spotted the GPU GP104 in a shipping manifest on Zauba. According to leaked details, the chip comes in a 37.5×37.5mm BGA package, and has 2152 pins. Which indicates that the new Pascal chip is not only smaller in size, but features a much denser architecture making the chip theoretically faster than both GTX 980 Ti and TITAN X.
Further, the GP104 will have a die size of around 300 to 350 mm² as compared to the GM204's 398 mm², while the GP100 aka the Big Pascal will come with a little more 450 mm². Moreover, the chip is rumored to feature 32GB of VRAM and nearly 17 billion transistors in a relatively smaller packing. The flagship Pascal GPUs are based on the 16nm FinFET process and are said to use the next generation High Bandwidth Memory, or HBM2, standard.
As for the unveiling, the Titan grade products based on the GP100 are expected to be announced in April, with the downgrade version to debut in June 2017. On the other hand, the GP104 based series, allegedly called the GeForce GTX 1080, and its scaled down version GTX 1070 will be unveiled in June this year, just before or after COMPUTEX.
Finally, the Volta GPU, which will be able to achieve a two-fold performance and power consumption compared to the Pascal, is scheduled to be operational sometime in 2017 to power supercomputers. Volta represents Nvidia's sixth generation of General Purpose GPU architectures and and is set for a 2018 introduction in the consumer market.
Francois Hollande, the former leader of France's Socialist Party, has been elected president of France, defeating incumbent Nicolas Sarkozy.
Despite being one of France's best known politicians, the 57-year-old Hollande has never held a position in the national government.
Dominique Moisi, senior adviser to the French Institute of International Affairs in Paris, notes that Mr. Hollande has been on the French political scene for more than 30 years, climbing up through the ranks under the last Socialist president, Francois Mitterrand.
“He went to the elite school, the National School of Administration [ENA],” Moisi points out. “Then he served in the Élysée (presidential) Palace under Mitterrand as a junior Cabinet member. Then he became the secretary-general of the Socialist Party [for 11 years] and then he declared himself candidate to the presidential election.”
Former International Monetary Fund chief Dominique Strauss-Kahn had been favored to win the Socialist Party nomination, but a sex scandal knocked him out of the race, opening the way for Mr. Hollande to defeat his remaining rival, Martine Aubry, in a primary election.
Mr. Hollande's economic policies include raising taxes on the very rich, freezing fuel prices, increasing welfare payments and hiring 60,000 new teachers.
During the presidential campaign, Mr. Hollande's slogan of “my enemy is the world of finance” raised eyebrows, especially in some European capitals, including London.
Bruno Cautres, an expert on the French election process at the Center for Political Research [Sciences Po] in Paris, says Mr. Hollande made a point of travelling to London to calm fears that he was a radical.
"He wanted to say that 'I am not going to be a Marxist. I am not going to be a crypto [secret] communist. I am not someone who will make nationalization and things like that,'" Cautres said. “So obviously, when he said so, he just wanted to reassure the international financial milieu and markets that you could be a socialist and a pragmatic person, and that France is not going to change.”
Charles Kupchan, a Europe expert at the Council on Foreign Relations in Washington, says Mr. Hollande has another controversial policy.
“He's called for renegotiating the fiscal pact,” says Kupchan, referring to the economic agreement forged by the European Union to stabilize the euro currency.
“Hollande's call to reopen that pact, and to focus more on stimulus than austerity, will certainly win him some support in France and in other European countries - notably Italy, Spain, Greece, Portugal - but it could spell trouble with Berlin,” Kupchan adds.
And Kupchan says there are other foreign-policy differences between Mr. Hollande and Mr. Sarkozy: the timing of French troops' withdrawal from from Afghanistan, and Mr. Sarkozy's decision to bring France back into NATO's integrated military structure.
“Hollande says, ‘I want French troops out in 2012.' Sarkozy has said 2013. NATO and Washington are saying 2014,” notes Kupchan.
The analyst expects that Mr. Hollande will not try to undo Mr. Sarkozy's NATO policy, but predicts he will give it a fresh look.
“And that would suggest that there might be a return to a French foreign policy that is somewhat less Atlanticist than it has been under Sarkozy,” Kupchan says. “And Sarkozy is, I would say, the most Atlanticist, pro-American president since World War Two in France.”
Dominique Moisi agrees, saying President Hollande “will look and sound less pro-American than Nicolas Sarkozy. He will look and sound less pro-Israeli than Nicolas Sarkozy."
“But the margin of maneuvering is so slim,," Moisi adds, "that I don't think there will be major differences between the foreign policy of Hollande and the foreign policy of Nicolas Sarkozy.”
And that also means no great change in relations between Washington and Paris.
Metro Manila (CNN Philippines) — One of the towers of the National Grid Corporation of the Philippines (NGCP) in Patani, Marawi City was bombed Thursday night (October 29).
The explosion occurred at around 9:20 p.m.
The NGCP said that Agus 1 (80mw) and Agus 2 (180mw) plants were isolated from the grid, causing power outages in several areas in Mindanao.
According to NGCP, the restoration activities will begin as soon as the area is secured.
The reported bombing further increased blackout hours in Zamboanga City to up to six hours on Friday.
According to a Zamboanga Electric Cooperative bulletin, the National Power Corporation reported a deficiency of up to 150 megawatts due to the low inflow and elevation of the Pulangi 4 and Agus 4 Hydroelectric reservoir.
CNN Philippines' Liza Jocson contributed to this report.
Frederick William III (German: Friedrich Wilhelm III) (3 August 1770 – 7 June 1840) was king of Prussia from 1797 to 1840. He ruled Prussia during the difficult times of the Napoleonic Wars and the end of the Holy Roman Empire. Steering a careful course between France and her enemies, after a major military defeat in 1806, he eventually and reluctantly joined the coalition against Napoleon in the Befreiungskriege. Following Napoleon's defeat he was King of Prussia during the Congress of Vienna, which assembled to settle the political questions arising from the new, post-Napoleonic order in Europe. He was determined to unify the Protestant churches, to homogenize their liturgy, their organization and even their architecture. The long-term goal was to have fully centralized royal control of all the Protestant churches in the Prussian Union of Churches.
Early life [ edit ]
Friedrich Wilhelm and his mother (1775)
Frederick William was born in Potsdam in 1770 as the son of Frederick William II of Prussia and Frederica Louisa of Hesse-Darmstadt. He was considered to be a shy and reserved boy, which became noticeable in his particularly reticent conversations distinguished by the lack of personal pronouns. This manner of speech subsequently came to be considered entirely appropriate for military officers.[1] He was neglected by his father during his childhood, and suffered from an inferiority complex his entire life.[2]
As a child, Frederick William's father (under the influence of his mistress, Wilhelmine Enke, Countess of Lichtenau) had him handed over to tutors, as was quite normal for the period. He spent part of the time living at Paretz, the estate of the old soldier Count Hans von Blumenthal who was the governor of his brother Prince Heinrich. They thus grew up partly with the Count's son, who accompanied them on their Grand Tour in the 1780s. Frederick William was happy at Paretz, and for this reason in 1795 he bought it from his boyhood friend and turned it into an important royal country retreat. He was a melancholy boy, but he grew up pious and honest. His tutors included the dramatist Johann Engel.
As a soldier, he received the usual training of a Prussian prince, obtained his lieutenancy in 1784, became a lieutenant colonel in 1786, a colonel in 1790, and took part in the campaigns against France of 1792–1794. On 24 December 1793, Frederick William married Louise of Mecklenburg-Strelitz, who bore him ten children. In the Kronprinzenpalais (Crown Prince's Palace) in Berlin, Frederick William lived a civil life with a problem-free marriage, which did not change even when he became King of Prussia in 1797. His wife Louise was particularly loved by the Prussian people, which boosted the popularity of the whole House of Hohenzollern, including the King himself.[3]
Reign [ edit ]
Lenient and slow to recognize the growing French threat, Frederick's restrained entry into the war in 1806 ended in national humiliation.
Frederick William succeeded to the throne on 16 November 1797. He also became, in personal union, the sovereign prince of the Principality of Neuchâtel (1797–1806 and again 1813–1840). At once, the new King showed that he was earnest of his good intentions by cutting down the expenses of the royal establishment, dismissing his father's ministers, and reforming the most oppressive abuses of the late reign. He had the Hohenzollern determination to retain personal power but not the Hohenzollern genius for using it.[citation needed] Too distrustful to delegate responsibility to his ministers, he greatly reduced the effectiveness of his reign since he was forced to assume the roles he did not delegate. This is a main factor of his inconsistent rule.
Disgusted with the moral debauchery of his father's court (in both political intrigues and sexual affairs), Frederick William's first, and most successful early endeavor was to restore the moral legitimacy to his dynasty. The eagerness to restore dignity to his family went so far that it nearly caused sculptor Johann Gottfried Schadow to cancel the expensive and lavish Prinzessinnengruppe project, which was commissioned by the previous monarch Frederick William II. He was quoted as saying the following, which demonstrated his sense of duty and peculiar manner of speech:
Every civil servant has a dual obligation: to the sovereign and to the country. It can occur that the two are not compatible; then, the duty to the country is higher.
At first Frederick William and his advisors attempted to pursue a policy of neutrality in the Napoleonic Wars. Although they succeeded in keeping out of the Third Coalition in 1805, eventually Frederick William was swayed by the attitude of the queen, who led Prussia's pro-war party, and entered into war in October 1806. On 14 October 1806, at the Battle of Jena-Auerstädt, the French effectively decimated the effectiveness and functionality of the Prussian army led by Frederick William, and the Prussian army collapsed entirely soon after. The royal family fled to Memel, East Prussia, where they fell on the mercy of Emperor Alexander I of Russia.
Alexander, too, suffered defeat at the hands of the French, and at Tilsit on the Niemen France made peace with Russia and Prussia. Napoleon dealt with Prussia very harshly, despite the pregnant Queen's personal interview with the French emperor which was believed would soften the blow of defeat. Instead, Napoleon took much less mercy on the Prussians than what was expected. Prussia lost many of its Polish territories, as well as all territory west of the Elbe, and had to finance a large indemnity and to pay for French troops to occupy key strong points within the Kingdom.
Although the ineffectual King himself seemed resigned to Prussia's fate, various reforming ministers, such as Baron vom Stein, Prince von Hardenberg, Scharnhorst, and Count Gneisenau, set about reforming Prussia's administration and military, with the encouragement of Queen Luise (who died, greatly mourned, in 1810).
In 1813, following Napoleon's defeat in Russia, Frederick William turned against France and signed an alliance with Russia at Kalisz, although he had to flee Berlin, still under French occupation. Prussian troops played a key part in the victories of the allies in 1813 and 1814, and the King himself travelled with the main army of Prince Schwarzenberg, along with Alexander of Russia and Francis of Austria.
At the Congress of Vienna, Frederick William's ministers succeeded in securing important territorial increases for Prussia, although they failed to obtain the annexation of all of Saxony, as they had wished.[citation needed] Following the war, Frederick William turned towards political reaction, abandoning the promises he had made in 1813 to provide Prussia with a constitution.[citation needed]
Prussian Union of churches [ edit ]
Equestrian portrait of Frederick William III by by Franz Krüger (1831)
Frederick William was determined to unify the Protestant churches, to homogenize their liturgy, their organization and even their architecture. The long-term goal was to have fully centralized royal control of all the Protestant churches in the Prussian Union of churches. In a series of proclamations over several years the Church of the Prussian Union was formed, bringing together the majority group of Lutherans, and the minority group of Reformed Protestants. The main effect was that the government of Prussia had full control over church affairs, with the king himself recognized as the leading bishop.[4]
In 1824 Frederick William III remarried (morganatically) Countess Auguste von Harrach, Princess of Liegnitz. They had no children.[3]
In 1838 the king distributed large parts of his farmland at Erdmannsdorf Estate to 422 protestant refugees from the Austrian Zillertal who built Tyrolian style farmhouses in the Silesian village.[citation needed]
Death [ edit ]
Frederick William III died on 7 June 1840 in Berlin, from a fever[5], survived by his second wife. His eldest son, Frederick William IV, succeeded him. Frederick William III is buried at the Mausoleum in Schlosspark Charlottenburg, Berlin.[3]
Issue [ edit ]
Ancestry [ edit ]
See also [ edit ]
Preussischer Präsentiermarsch, a military march composed by Frederick William
References [ edit ]
Notes
Further reading
Clark, Christopher. "Confessional policy and the limits of state action: Frederick William III and the Prussian Church Union 1817–40." Historical Journal 39.#4 (1996) pp: 985-1004. in JSTOR
In German
It's set. Real Madrid are about to sign Javier 'Chicharito' Hernández to be Karim Benzema's backup. Although both Manchester United and Real Madrid still have to decide whether Hernández will join los blancos permanently or in a loan deal, Benzema will finally have a backup striker this season. Several articles coming from Spain first reported the deal, and sources within Real Madrid confirmed it.
He's not what some fans were expecting—Falcao—, but he's definitely a decent backup who knows his role and plays hard whenever he's given the chance. That's why the coaching staff and the board trust him to fill Benzema's shoes and provide another attacking style whenever the French isn't available. Ancelotti did not want to sign Falcao as he thought that Karim Benzema was going to be his undisputed starter, that's why the Italian coach preferred a striker aware of his role.
'Chicharito' should be presented at the Bernabéu this Monday after a medical, and whether Real Madrid will make one more signing—this time for the midfield—remains to be seen.
The man captured on video hitting and swearing at a pet dog has apologised for his behaviour – but thinks he should be compensated for "an invasion of privacy".An angry mob gathered outside Jonathan Bloomfield's home in Stanley Street, Grimsby, after footage of him abusing 18-month-old Staffordshire bull terrier Butch was posted on Facebook by a neighbour, as reported.And last Thursday, Grimsby magistrates banned him from keeping dogs for 15 years after admitting two counts of animal cruelty.Today, the 37-year-old father told the Grimsby Telegraph that he was "sorry" for what he did, but felt aggrieved by the invasion of privacy committed in making the video.His family were advised by Humberside Police to leave the area and they are now living in Brent Park, London, with Mr Bloomfield's mother.He said: "If my neighbour had concerns, he should have got in touch with the RSPCA, not make videos of my family and put them on Facebook and YouTube."I will be seeking the advice of a solicitor and should be compensated for the invasion of privacy which has left my family homeless and denied my young son a better future."In court, he claimed that on one occasion recorded on film, he punched the dog because it had bitten his three-year-old son when it took a packet of crisps from him.He also claimed he was stressed from work and was "sick of the dog barking".Mr Bloomfield explained: "I heard my son crying and he was holding his hand, saying the dog bit him. I was angry so I went out and bashed him."It is not in my nature to be cruel to animals and I know it was not the best way to go about things but I was upset."As reported, Mr Bloomfield was arrested on October 18, after neighbour Michael Currie, 23, posted a video of the abuse on Facebook. The footage went viral, spreading by the minute through social networking sites. Within hours, a mob of people had gathered outside his home.During the court case, magistrates were warned the footage – filmed between September 9 and October 18 – contained "disturbing" images.It was played to the court and showed Butch whimpering and cowering as Mr Bloomfield punched it twice in the face and told it to "shut the **** up".Mr Bloomfield continued: "Neighbours didn't like us because we are from London."They would come round complaining that the dog was making a noise and then film me when I smacked him."Mr Bloomfield, who claims to be an "animal lover", also kept lizards, a bird and a fish.He gave them away because he "genuinely thought" he was going to prison."I plan to replace the lizards but after everything that has happened, I will never keep a dog again – even after the 15-year ban is up," he said."We are now living with my mother in London."My son has had to leave the nursery he went to and the friends he made."We lost everything we loved in the space of an hour."I have lost my house over this and it is wrong."Butch was taken into the care of the RSPCA. Mr Bloomfield was also ordered to complete 260 hours of unpaid work and pay £100 costs.
I "follow my gut" when making decisions. I "follow my gut" when making decisions. Strongly disagree I "follow my gut" when making decisions. Mostly disagree I "follow my gut" when making decisions. Somewhat disagree I "follow my gut" when making decisions. Somewhat agree I "follow my gut" when making decisions. Mostly agree I "follow my gut" when making decisions. Strongly agree
I always think before I act. I always think before I act. Strongly disagree I always think before I act. Mostly disagree I always think before I act. Somewhat disagree I always think before I act. Somewhat agree I always think before I act. Mostly agree I always think before I act. Strongly agree
I always look at the consequences before I do something. I always look at the consequences before I do something. Strongly disagree I always look at the consequences before I do something. Mostly disagree I always look at the consequences before I do something. Somewhat disagree I always look at the consequences before I do something. Somewhat agree I always look at the consequences before I do something. Mostly agree I always look at the consequences before I do something. Strongly agree
It is more important to live in the present than to think about the future. It is more important to live in the present than to think about the future. Strongly disagree It is more important to live in the present than to think about the future. Mostly disagree It is more important to live in the present than to think about the future. Somewhat disagree It is more important to live in the present than to think about the future. Somewhat agree It is more important to live in the present than to think about the future. Mostly agree It is more important to live in the present than to think about the future. Strongly agree
I always finish projects that I start. I always finish projects that I start. Strongly disagree I always finish projects that I start. Mostly disagree I always finish projects that I start. Somewhat disagree I always finish projects that I start. Somewhat agree I always finish projects that I start. Mostly agree I always finish projects that I start. Strongly agree
My actions often reflect personal gain. My actions often reflect personal gain. Strongly disagree My actions often reflect personal gain. Mostly disagree My actions often reflect personal gain. Somewhat disagree My actions often reflect personal gain. Somewhat agree My actions often reflect personal gain. Mostly agree My actions often reflect personal gain. Strongly agree
I have problems paying attention. I have problems paying attention. Strongly disagree I have problems paying attention. Mostly disagree I have problems paying attention. Somewhat disagree I have problems paying attention. Somewhat agree I have problems paying attention. Mostly agree I have problems paying attention. Strongly agree
I carefully approach a problem rather than just "diving in." I carefully approach a problem rather than just "diving in." Strongly disagree I carefully approach a problem rather than just "diving in." Mostly disagree I carefully approach a problem rather than just "diving in." Somewhat disagree I carefully approach a problem rather than just "diving in." Somewhat agree I carefully approach a problem rather than just "diving in." Mostly agree I carefully approach a problem rather than just "diving in." Strongly agree
I act on the "spur of the moment." I act on the "spur of the moment." Strongly disagree I act on the "spur of the moment." Mostly disagree I act on the "spur of the moment." Somewhat disagree I act on the "spur of the moment." Somewhat agree I act on the "spur of the moment." Mostly agree I act on the "spur of the moment." Strongly agree
I like thrilling activities, such as skydiving. I like thrilling activities, such as skydiving. Strongly disagree I like thrilling activities, such as skydiving. Mostly disagree I like thrilling activities, such as skydiving. Somewhat disagree I like thrilling activities, such as skydiving. Somewhat agree I like thrilling activities, such as skydiving. Mostly agree I like thrilling activities, such as skydiving. Strongly agree
I am easily distracted. I am easily distracted. Strongly disagree I am easily distracted. Mostly disagree I am easily distracted. Somewhat disagree I am easily distracted. Somewhat agree I am easily distracted. Mostly agree I am easily distracted. Strongly agree
I consider myself spontaneous. I consider myself spontaneous. Strongly disagree I consider myself spontaneous. Mostly disagree I consider myself spontaneous. Somewhat disagree I consider myself spontaneous. Somewhat agree I consider myself spontaneous. Mostly agree I consider myself spontaneous. Strongly agree
I live everyday like it's my last. I live everyday like it's my last. Strongly disagree I live everyday like it's my last. Mostly disagree I live everyday like it's my last. Somewhat disagree I live everyday like it's my last. Somewhat agree I live everyday like it's my last. Mostly agree I live everyday like it's my last. Strongly agree
I am criticized for not thinking rationally. I am criticized for not thinking rationally. Strongly disagree I am criticized for not thinking rationally. Mostly disagree I am criticized for not thinking rationally. Somewhat disagree I am criticized for not thinking rationally. Somewhat agree I am criticized for not thinking rationally. Mostly agree I am criticized for not thinking rationally. Strongly agree
I tend to rush projects and ignore the quality. I tend to rush projects and ignore the quality. Strongly disagree I tend to rush projects and ignore the quality. Mostly disagree I tend to rush projects and ignore the quality. Somewhat disagree I tend to rush projects and ignore the quality. Somewhat agree I tend to rush projects and ignore the quality. Mostly agree I tend to rush projects and ignore the quality. Strongly agree
If I don't know the answer to a test question, I always guess anyway. If I don't know the answer to a test question, I always guess anyway. Strongly disagree If I don't know the answer to a test question, I always guess anyway. Mostly disagree If I don't know the answer to a test question, I always guess anyway. Somewhat disagree If I don't know the answer to a test question, I always guess anyway. Somewhat agree If I don't know the answer to a test question, I always guess anyway. Mostly agree If I don't know the answer to a test question, I always guess anyway. Strongly agree
I choose what is right in the moment rather than what is right over time. I choose what is right in the moment rather than what is right over time. Strongly disagree I choose what is right in the moment rather than what is right over time. Mostly disagree I choose what is right in the moment rather than what is right over time. Somewhat disagree I choose what is right in the moment rather than what is right over time. Somewhat agree I choose what is right in the moment rather than what is right over time. Mostly agree I choose what is right in the moment rather than what is right over time. Strongly agree
"Seize the day" is a motto I follow. "Seize the day" is a motto I follow. Strongly disagree "Seize the day" is a motto I follow. Mostly disagree "Seize the day" is a motto I follow. Somewhat disagree "Seize the day" is a motto I follow. Somewhat agree "Seize the day" is a motto I follow. Mostly agree "Seize the day" is a motto I follow. Strongly agree
I do things without thinking. I do things without thinking. Strongly disagree I do things without thinking. Mostly disagree I do things without thinking. Somewhat disagree I do things without thinking. Somewhat agree I do things without thinking. Mostly agree I do things without thinking. Strongly agree
I have good self-control. I have good self-control. Strongly disagree I have good self-control. Mostly disagree I have good self-control. Somewhat disagree I have good self-control. Somewhat agree I have good self-control. Mostly agree I have good self-control. Strongly agree
I tend to fidget and have problems sitting still. I tend to fidget and have problems sitting still. Strongly disagree I tend to fidget and have problems sitting still. Mostly disagree I tend to fidget and have problems sitting still. Somewhat disagree I tend to fidget and have problems sitting still. Somewhat agree I tend to fidget and have problems sitting still. Mostly agree I tend to fidget and have problems sitting still. Strongly agree
I have changed my major or job many times. I have changed my major or job many times. Strongly disagree I have changed my major or job many times. Mostly disagree I have changed my major or job many times. Somewhat disagree I have changed my major or job many times. Somewhat agree I have changed my major or job many times. Mostly agree I have changed my major or job many times. Strongly agree
When shopping, I buy things even if I did not plan on getting them. When shopping, I buy things even if I did not plan on getting them. Strongly disagree When shopping, I buy things even if I did not plan on getting them. Mostly disagree When shopping, I buy things even if I did not plan on getting them. Somewhat disagree When shopping, I buy things even if I did not plan on getting them. Somewhat agree When shopping, I buy things even if I did not plan on getting them. Mostly agree When shopping, I buy things even if I did not plan on getting them. Strongly agree
I am future orientated. I am future orientated. Strongly disagree I am future orientated. Mostly disagree I am future orientated. Somewhat disagree I am future orientated. Somewhat agree I am future orientated. Mostly agree I am future orientated. Strongly agree
February 21, 2014 at 10:21 AM
Seattle Mayor Ed Murray today said he wouldn't go forward with plans to reduce garbage pickup to every other week.
Murray said the the program would create a hardship for some families and that the potential rate savings to customers of just 8 percent wasn't enough to offset the 50 percent cut in collection.
The city's recent pilot program showed the greatest opposition in lower-income and more ethnically diverse neighborhoods. The customer review panel for Seattle Public Utilities also recommended against pursuing the program.
City Councilmember Sally Bagshaw, chair of the Utilities Committee, said she supported the move.
“I agree with Mayor Murray that every-other-week garbage collection does not give Seattleites sufficient value to offset the personal costs involved,” said Bagshaw in a prepared statement.
The proposal was initiated by former Councilmember Richard Conlin, who said the city could save more than $6 million annually and reduce truck traffic on city streets by going to every-other-week collection.
Snakes, although as social as birds and mammals, have long been thought to be solitary hunters and eaters. A new study from the University of Tennessee, Knoxville, shows that some snakes coordinate their hunts to increase their chances of success.
Vladimir Dinets, a research assistant professor of psychology at UT, observed the Cuban boa -- the island nation's largest native terrestrial predator -- in bat caves for the study.
Many Cuban caves shelter large bat colonies, and in some of them small populations of boas regularly hunt the bats as they fly out at dusk and return at dawn. Dinets noticed that the boas hung down from the ceiling of the cave entrance and grabbed passing bats in midair. He found that if more than one boa was present, the snakes coordinated their positions in such a way that they formed a wall across the entrance. This made it difficult or impossible for the bats to pass without getting within striking distance of at least one boa.
Such group hunts were always successful, and the more snakes were present, the less time it took each to capture a bat. But if there was only one boa, it sometimes failed to secure a meal.
These findings were recently published open-access in the journal Animal Behavior and Cognition.
To date, only a handful of snakes has been observed to hunt in groups, and coordination among them--or among any other group-hunting reptiles--has never been proven, Dinets said.
Only a few of the world's 3,650 snake species have ever been observed hunting in the wild, so very little is known about snakes' diverse hunting tactics.
"It is possible that coordinated hunting is not uncommon among snakes, but it will take a lot of very patient field research to find out," Dinets said.
He added that observing the Cuban boa, although an amazing spectacle, is becoming increasingly difficult since only the most remote caves still have boas. The boas are being hunted for food and possibly pet trade.
"I suspect that if their numbers in a cave fall, they can't hunt in groups anymore and might die out even if some of them don't get caught by hunters," Dinets said. "A few of these caves are in national parks, but there's a lot of poaching everywhere."
###
Ospreys team to play Zebre By Ospreys Rugby | 01/09/2016
The Ospreys team to play Zebre at the Liberty Stadium, on Friday 2nd September, 2016, KO 7.35 pm, is as follows:
15 Dan Evans
14 Jeff Hassler
13 Ashley Beck
12 Josh Matavesi
11 Eli Walker
10 Sam Davies
9 Tom Habberfield (Capt)
1 Nicky Smith
2 Sam Parry
3 Dmitri Arhip
4 Lloyd Ashley
5 Rory Thornton
6 Olly Cracknell
7 Justin Tipuric
8 Tyler Ardron
REPLACEMENTS
16 Hugh Gustafson
17 Paul James
18 Ma'afu Fia
19 Bradley Davies
20 Dan Baker
21 Rhys Webb
22 Ben John
23 Dafydd Howells
Hugh Gustafson and Bradley Davies will make their Ospreys debuts if they come off the bench
The following players were unavailable for selection due to injury:
Hanno Dirksen - Knee
Brendon Leonard – Groin
Dan Lydiate - Shoulder
Scott Otten – Hand
Daniel Suter - Neck
Sam Underhill – Shoulder
Owen Watkin - Knee
Adam Beard is unavailable for selection due to suspension and will be free to play after 10th September
Head Coach, Steve Tandy, commented:
“It's been a positive pre-season, we've had a couple of really good run-outs and are in a pretty good position going into the opening weekend. Everybody is ready to go now, we understand that all the work up to this point has been about preparing, making sure we are ready to hit the ground running from the very first whistle on Friday night.
“It's important that we get the performance right in these opening weeks to give us a solid platform to build from for the rest of the season. It's not about the opposition, it's about how we prepare, making sure the attention to detail is there in everything we do, and being accurate. Get those things right and we are heading in the right direction. We know that nothing is won in September, but what last season showed is that if we don't get the ba-sics right early on then it makes life very difficult as the season progresses. We don't want to be in that position again.
“It's great to be kicking off at home, in front of our own supporters, who can help us get off to a good start. We know that Zebre will provide a physical challenge for us, they've re-cruited well over the summer, bringing in some key players, and with the changes in Italian rugby over the summer, will definitely be up for it. We know that we've got to match their physicality while sticking to the task, and we are really looking forward to getting stuck into it.”
Forthcoming Fixtures
Sat 10 Sep – 7.35pm KO – Connacht v Ospreys – Sportsground – PRO12
Sat 17 Sep – 7.35pm KO - Ospreys v Benetton Treviso – Liberty Stadium – PRO12
Fri 23 Sep – 7.35pm KO – Leinster v Ospreys – RDS – PRO12
Sat 1 Oct – 5.30pm KO - Ulster v Ospreys – Kingspan Stadium – PRO12
Fri 7 Oct – 7.35pm KO – Ospreys v Cardiff Blues – Liberty Stadium – PRO12
It is the Queen's speech that nobody ever wants to hear. In 1983 senior civil servants drafted a message they envisaged the monarch might have to deliver to the nation on the eve of all-out nuclear war with Russia.
The message, rousing and bleak in equal measure, was prepared during a secret Whitehall exercise designed to test Britain's reaction to international developments that tilted the world to the brink of a third world war. In it, the Queen would describe the "madness of war" and "the deadly power of abused technology" and call on Britain to summon the spirit of two world wars in its battle to survive.
The extraordinary speech forms part of a chilling 320-page war games scenario – codenamed Wintex-Cimex 83 – which was drawn up by top intelligence, defence and Home Office staff. It is revealed in a cache of secret documents released on Thursday by the National Archives, which evokes the shadow of nuclear armageddon that hung over Britain 30 years ago.
The address begins by recalling her last broadcast, when "the horrors of war could not have seemed more remote as my family and I shared our Christmas joy".
She continues: "Our brave country must again prepare itself to survive against great odds. I have never forgotten the sorrow and pride I felt as my sister and I huddled around the nursery wireless set listening to my father's inspiring words on that fateful day in 1939. Not for a single moment did I imagine that this solemn and awful duty would one day fall to me."
Prince Andrew, then a helicopter pilot with HMS Invincible, is, the Queen explains, already in action and "it is this close bond of family life that must be our greatest defence against the unknown".
Other files show the government rowed with the British Medical Association's over its estimate that Britain would suffer 33 million casualties in a nuclear attack, with more than 1 million dying from the blasts in London alone. A top-secret top secret briefing for whichever leader won the 1983 general election explained howthe Cobra room in Downing Street was equipped with facilities to trigger the launch of nuclear missiles, and advises the incoming prime minister that if a Soviet strike looms she or he should disperse ministers around the country to form "embryo governments" to take control if London is destroyed and the prime minister killed.
The briefing adds that the doctrine of "no first use of nuclear weapons" – one that was not accepted by Nato – was known as NOFUN.
The potential Queen's speech was written as in real life the UK ambassador to Moscow warned that the warlike rhetoric of Yuri Andropov, general secretary of the Soviet Communist party, had become "profoundly disturbing". Against this backdrop, the war planners produced a scenario in which a bellicose new USSR leadership had taken control and launched attacks on West Germany, Scandinavia, Italy and Turkey. Chemical and nuclear strikes would be next.
The scenario imagined half a million people heading for the hills of Wales and the West Country to escape bombings in which thousands had already died. Violent anti-war protests convulsed London and military bases in Scotland, while alcohol sales across the country rocketed and hospital medicine stores were looted.
Defence chiefs had concluded that Nato would have to launch a nuclear strike first or face defeat by the overwhelming force of the USSR, codenamed Orange. "The enemy is not the soldier with his rifle nor even the airman prowling the skies above our cities and towns but the deadly power of abused technology," the Queen continued in her address. "But whatever terrors lie in wait for us all the qualities that have helped to keep our freedom intact twice already during this sad century will once more be our strength."
She signs off: "As we strive together to fight off this new evil, let us pray for our country and men of goodwill wherever they may be. God bless you all."
As the imagined war unravels, the officials realise they may have made some serious strategic errors, not least in possessing large numbers of short-range nuclear weapons that, if used on the battlefield, would leave Nato worse off than the enemy. The scenario concludes with escalating chaos in the west and Nato taking the "solemn decision" to launch the first nuclear weapons against eastern bloc countries to "remind" Moscow that Nato will continue to resist.
There is panic, particularly in Scotland, where civilians expect a retaliatory nuclear strike, but the exercise ends on a bleakly hopeful note with Orange, its allies devastated by Nato nuclear attacks, offering to open peace negotiations. The Queen's address signs off: "As we strive together to fight off this new evil, let us pray for our country and men of goodwill wherever they may be. God bless you all."
The first order of business of the new “constituent assembly” voted unanimously into power on Sunday in Venezuela will be to exact retribution on President (now dictator) Nicolas Maduro's enemies. Official installation takes place on Monday in the same palace where Maduro's opposition won control overwhelmingly in 2015.
In a speech replete with attacks on the United States and President Donald Trump, Maduro (shown) engaged in political rhetoric designed to hide the truth of just what happened on Sunday:
A spokesperson for emperor Donald Trump said that they would not recognize the results of Venezuela's constituent assembly election.
Why … should we care what Trump says? We care about what the sovereign people of Venezuela say.
Vast numbers of those “sovereign people of Venezuela” either stayed home on Sunday, or went into the streets to continue to protest against Maduro. Another 10 of them lost their lives, bringing the total casualties since April to 120.
The United States isn't alone in condemning the sham and the fraud that took place on Sunday. Condemnation even came from countries with varying levels of totalitarian controls. Argentina, Brazil, Chile, Columbia, Costa Rica, Mexico, Panama, Peru, and Spain all railed against the mockery of an election. As David Smilde, an analyst at the Washington Office on Latin America explained: “It will be hard for [Maduro's Socialist Party] to look like a legitimate power.” In other words, Sunday's mock election turned Maduro into a pariah.
The liquidation of Maduro's enemies has begun. On Saturday evening, before the election had even taken place, Maduro pledged to go after his political foes with a vengeance. Referring to one of the most popular of his opponents, Freddy Guevara, Maduro shouted, “This little Hitler has his cell guaranteed.” Once fully installed, Maduro plans a systematic liquidation of all the rest of his opposition, starting with opposition mayors and those inhabiting the offices of opposition state governments and then reaching the members of the opposition party he just ousted on Sunday. This reflects Maduro's promise back in May when he first announced his planned coup. He made clear then that he intended to use the unlimited powers Sunday's election would give him, calling it “the election of a power that's above and beyond every other. It's the superpower!” And, following Sunday's election, it's all his.
Still, there are opposition voices that haven't yet been silenced, either through incarceration, intimidation, or assassination. Julio Borges, the president of the now-deposed but duly elected National Assembly, said on Sunday that “a new stage in the democratic struggle starts tomorrow. This new stage will need more courage.”
This voice was repeated by opposition party leader Henrique Capriles who said on Sunday, “As of tomorrow, a new stage of the struggle begins.”
Mary Anastasia O'Grady, a journalist with the Wall Street Journal, has been following the unfolding Venezuelan tragedy and states clearly exactly what that “new stage” is: civil war. She wrote on Sunday that “grass-roots faith and hope in a peaceful solution has been lost.” She added:
The [Maduro] regime has the armored vehicles, the high-powered rifles, and the SWAT gear. But the population has the numbers and the anger.
The opposition is also getting some support from an unexpected source: Maduro's own police and military. Many have families back home that are starving, and have seen with their own eyes the indiscriminate attacks on protestors by Maduro's forces. There are also the “judicial police,” which side with the opposition. Numbering around 12,000, they are Venezuela's largest legitimate national police agency.
Not mentioned by the mainstream media is another factor in the Venezuelan tragedy playing out: the heavy influence of the Cuban regime in Maduro's administration and military. Roberto Alverez Quinones, writing for the Foundation for Human Rights in Cuba, reported on July 13 that in Venezuela there are almost 50 high-ranking Cuban military officers, 4,500 Cuban soldiers in nine battalions, and “34,000 doctors and health professionals with orders to defend the tyranny with arms.” He added: “Thousands of other Cubans hold key positions of the State, Government, military and repressive Venezuelan forces, in particular intelligence and counterintelligence services.”
So, following Sunday's fraudulent election, the “new stage” is set. Protests will turn into violent conflict with Maduro's Cuban-led military and police, with the ultimate outcome uncertain.
Photo of Nicolas Maduro: Nicolas Maduro como Presidente de la República Bolivariana de Venezuela
An Ivy League graduate and former investment advisor, Bob is a regular contributor to The New American magazine and blogs frequently at LightFromTheRight.com, primarily on economics and politics. He can be reached at This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it. .
Related article:
U.S. Pulls Families from Caracas; Airlines End Flights Before Sunday's Crucial Vote
This archival document circulated to Special Operations Executive propaganda agents in 1942 gives guidance on the creation of rumours, what are the qualities of a good rumour and some of the pitfalls to avoid.
March 9th, 1942
GUIDANCE FOR THE PRODUCTION OF RUMOURS
The following notes are based on rather more than a years experience of the machinery for producing rumours which has been set up in England, and are intended as a rough guide for those who may be asked to undertake this work elsewhere. They are therefore very general in form, and do not attempt to enter into details which would only be applicable to individual territories.
1. Planning
The first essential of a rumour is that it should serve a definite purpose. It may seem childish to emphasise this point at the beginning, but, experience has shown that there is always a great tendency in composing rumours to select or accept stories simply because they are brilliant improvisations as stories. The attitude of "Wouldn't it be a good idea to spread such and such a rumour?" is a dangerous one and the inventors of rumours should discipline themselves to decide first what effect they wish to produce, and then begin working out rumours which will produce it.
Rumours for general consumption (and this paper does not deal with rumours intended to deceive the enemy intelligence service), may be intended either to produce definite action by the general populace, or a modification in its mental outlook which will produce appropriate action at some later moment.
The type of individual action which can be effected by rumour is almost entirely economic. Rumour for instance plays an enormous part in producing inflation, hoarding, Black Market transactions, etc. We have clear evidence that in one country a rumour transmitted through us caused a three day run on the banks.
In preparing the populace for action rumour can do much to improve or destroy morale; in fact the greater the present distrust of official information which is spreading over the world becomes, the greater the effect of rumours will be. In general such rumours should suggest the essential strength of ones owns side, and weakness of the enemy. A note on certain pitfalls in devising this type of rumour will be found in paragraph 3.
2. Qualities of a good Rumour
A rumour must be such that it will spread.
Essentially this means that it must be such that anyone to whom it is told will almost certainly repeat it not once but several times. It must therefore give pleasure to the teller. It is not necessary here to go into a detailed exposition in modern psychological language, since the main factors which give pleasure to the teller of rumours has been the common stock in trade of comic writers for at least the last two thousand years. In general the teller derives this pleasure from the sense of power which repeating the story gives him. This indeed is the basis of all careless talk. Specific subjects which will make a rumour pleasurable to repeat are enumerated below.
a) Self aggrandisement . i.e. "I am in the know, you are not". This explains the large number of stories about what Churchill said to Eden yesterday. b) Horror . People will always enjoy making their listeners flesh creep, and also their own. c) Sex . Those who have little opportunity for sexual experience consistently enjoy talking about it. Good sexy rumours also have the advantage that they are told and listened to in a more emotional frame of mind than many people realise, and they have therefore a deeper effect. d) The amazing coincidence . The conviction that if two one-legged men were simultaneously struck blind at different ends of the earth, this would have some immense significance, seems to be quite ineradicable. Any story linked to such semi-occult events has a very good chance of spreading. This is the advantage of all astrological, prophetical, mysteric-religious rumours. e) Wishful thinking . This always carries, but is dangerous. (see paragraph 3). f) A scandal about the great . Rumours are mainly disseminated by people in low positions. Anything that bolsters up their pride by telling them that those in high positions are no better than they ought to be will always be popular. g) Jokes . A good joke will usually travel, but it has the disadvantage that unless it is a very bitter joke it is repeated in a frivolous state of mind and has little or no proper effect. The Germans hardly bother at all about anti-Nazi jokes circulating in Germany, and they are probably right.
3. Some disputable points
I will be very straight while answering this:-
I am an Indian guy, born and raised in India and then I went to Europe and further to US. Even when I was in India, I dated european girls and same when I am abroad. I dated only 3 Indian girls in my life. First girl when came to know that "we were just trying out if we are compatible", broke up with me and second girl wanted to "spend too much time with me" so I broke up with her. Then I dated many european girls in India and Europe (Really MANY). The thing is I want strings attached but not too many strings attached which is the case with Indian girls (not blaming them completely, society plays a role). I like European girls on that side of life. They are independent, understand that we are trying to build the relationship and will wait for 1-2 years, may be to say "I Love You" and also affirm that they have same need for opposite sex. You know, it's not like you have to say : Thanks to her for sex. And in most of the cases, they are the one who make the first move, when it comes to physical intimacy.
Then, I went to US and met the third Indian girl. She was nice, born in India but cherished in US, I would say she was partially American. But here comes the problem again, you know, girls watching too many bollywood crap and there comes the next thing, just after third date; " You never bought something (expensive) for me" She didn't say expensive but I knew what she was referring to. So, that was the last time I ever saw her. She didn't have money on her and I didn't bother to take her back to her home. (Ofcourse! That's how you get rid of some gold-digger bitch)
Since then, I have dated only American or European girls, not even American Indian girls. There are 3 things that Indian girls have which seems cute in the beginning but, is actually stupid and irritating:-
(These things are cute in your first 2-3 relationships but not afterwards, but we Indian men, get married before our 4th relationship..sooo...)
1. Dependance: Baby good morning, baby good afternoon, baby what did you eat, baby lets go shopping, baby lets do this, bla la bla
2. Princess Syndrome: I like red only, I like vanilla only, I can't believe you didn't do this for me, bla bla bla
3. Childish: I rest my case!
(Note: I am not male chauvinist or something. I am just putting truth that I have come across from my own experiences)
"Ransomware attacks and the payment of ransoms are becoming increasingly common around the world," the University's VP of Finance and Services Linda Dalgetty wrote in her statement. "The university is now in the process of assessing and evaluating the decryption keys. The actual process of decryption is time-consuming and must be performed with care. It is important to note that decryption keys do not automatically restore all systems or guarantee the recovery of all data. A great deal of work is still required by IT to ensure all affected systems are operational again, and this process will take time."
The University also says it is working with Calgary Police to investigate the hack, although other such investigations have come up empty handed in the past. Regarding the payment, Dalgetty told the Globe and Mail, "We are conducting world class research daily and we don't know what we don't know in terms of who's been impacted and the last thing we want to do is lose someone's life's work." (That's work like building neurochips out of silicon and human brain cells, or creating one-handed iPhone gestures, by the way.)
In another recent case, Kansas Heart Hospital paid "a small amount" in ransom money, only to have the hacker turn around and ask for even more cash. In May, a ransomware attack on the United States Congress was thankfully averted. And on one, slightly reassuring note and the hackers behind the original "uncrackable" TeslaCrypt ransomware virus released the keys that would allow anyone affected to retrieve their data.
A company that served as a showcase for the Obama administration's effort to create jobs in clean technology shut down Wednesday, leaving 1,100 people out of work and taxpayers obligated for $535 million in federal loans.
Solyndra, a California solar panel maker, had long been an administration favorite. Over the past two years, President Obama and Energy Secretary Steven Chu each had made congratulatory visits to the company's Silicon Valley headquarters.
Although Wednesday's announcement came as a surprise, House Republicans and government auditors had questioned the wisdom of the administration's loan guarantees to the company, backed by capital from billionaire Democratic fundraiser George Kaiser. In July, a House subcommittee subpoenaed White House documents related to the guarantee, and after Wednesday's developments, Republican lawmakers vowed to continue investigating.
Solyndra officials said in a news release that they were suspending operations and planned to seek Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection. The move would give the company time to evaluate options, including selling the business or licensing its technology to other companies.
“This was an unexpected outcome and is most unfortunate,” Solyndra chief executive Brian Harrison said in a statement. “Regulatory and policy uncertainties” made it impossible to raise capital to quickly rescue the operation, he said.
The White House said that it remained committed to building an economy based on clean technology.
“While we are disappointed by this particular outcome, we continue to believe the clean energy jobs race is one that America can, must and will win,” it said in a statement. “The Department of Energy's overall portfolio of investments — which includes dozens of other companies — continues to perform well and is on pace to create thousands of jobs.”
Wednesday's announcement came amid a broader shakeout in the solar industry. Energy Department officials said that less expensive solar panels made by government-subsidized companies in China undercut Solyndra's products.
“We have always recognized that not every one of the innovative companies supported by our loans and loan guarantees would succeed,” Energy Department spokesman Dan Leistikow said in a statement. “But we can't stop investing in game-changing technologies that are key to America's leadership in the global economy.”
The Treasury Department provided Solyndra's loan, on the assurance of the Energy Department. The terms were reviewed in advance by the White House Office of Management and Budget, and almost all of the $535 million has been disbursed to Solyndra.
Taxpayers might be on the hook for most of the loan if Solyndra is unable to repay, said experts in the stimulus and loan guarantee program. The Energy Department could seek repayment in court, but receiving more than a nominal amount is unlikely because of the company's depleted cash and assets.
“Congress recognized the risks inherent in such an effort and wisely set aside funding to offset any potential defaults or losses,” Leistikow's statement said.
Some of the biggest investors in Solyndra, which made easy-to-install solar panels for industrial applications, were venture capital funds associated with Kaiser, a key Obama fundraiser. The company, its connections to the administration and the imperiled federal loan guarantee were detailed in a Washington Post report in June.
On July 13, the Republican subcommittee majority voted to subpoena White House documents related to the loan guarantee, as it probed how Solyndra received the administration's first loan guarantee under the federal stimulus plan. Material sought by the committee included e-mails and other documents that the lawmakers said officials at the Office of Management and Budget had failed to produce voluntarily.
On Wednesday, Republicans on the House Energy and Commerce Committee issued a statement saying that Solyndra executives and administration officials had repeatedly assured staff investigators that the company was financially sound. They called Solyndra's closing the latest indication that Obama's stimulus policy had failed.
“We smelled a rat from the onset,” Rep. Fred Upton (R-Mich.), chairman of the committee, said Wednesday in a joint statement with Rep. Cliff Stearns (R-Fla.), chairman of the committee's investigations subcommittee.
“For an administration that parades around the banner of transparency, they fought us tooth and nail all summer long in turning over relevant documents related to the credit approval, and today we found out why.”
Administration officials have said the loan guarantee was issued on its merits alone. Democrats said the White House had done its best to comply with congressional investigators, whose requests were what Rep. Henry A. Waxman (D-Calif.) in July called a “fishing expedition.”
Solyndra had repeatedly been highlighted as a model by the Obama administration. Chu attended the groundbreaking of the factory that Solyndra built using the federal loan, and Vice President Biden's image was beamed to the ceremony through a video feed.
In early 2010, independent auditors questioned whether Solyndra could remain a “going concern.” Obama visited Solyndra's factory in May 2010.
“The future is here,” Obama said in his appearance, praising plans “to hire a thousand workers.”
A month after Obama's visit, the company withdrew plans for a public stock offering. A few weeks later, Government Accountability Office auditors announced that the Energy Department had given favorable treatment to some loan-guarantee applicants. A GAO report said the department bypassed required steps for funding awards to five applicants, including Solyndra.
Earlier this year, the Energy Department's inspector general criticized the agency for not maintaining e-mails discussing how loan-guarantee winners were selected.
GAO auditors, who first uncovered the department's rush to provide Solyndra a loan without completing required reviews, fear that similar defaults could happen with other loan guarantee projects that weren't properly vetted.
In June, Solyndra chief Harrison told The Post that the company's finances had improved. With cumulative sales of more than $250 million, he said, Solyndra “doubled our production from 2009 to 2010, and we'll double it again from 2010 to 2011.”
Costs for solar panels have dropped rapidly as the market matures, so that stronger companies are emerging and less competitive ones are falling by the wayside, said Rhone Resch, president of the Solar Energy Industries Association.
But solar industry analyst Peter Lynch said that Solyndra struggled from the beginning with an imbalanced financial model.
“You make something in a factory and it costs $6, you sell it for $3, but you really, really need to sell it for $1.50 to be competitive,” Lynch said of Solyndra. “It was an insane business model. The numbers just don't work, and they never did.”
7kids12years Uncategorized
When I was a good little Catholic 14-year-old, attending an all-girls boarding school to learn how to become a nun, we had something called Spiritual Direction. It was 15 minutes set aside for us to have a talk with an assigned superior. We were expected to rely on these women to guide our spiritual growth and we were to bring them our thoughts, questions, failures, and triumphs. We were given little pads of paper on which to write “dependence memos” during the week, to keep her apprised of all that was going on in our sheltered, boring, little lives.
I don't remember much from the 3.5 years of weekly chats. I think it was mostly exhaustion induced weeping, on my part. But I do remember an early session that set the stage for the rest of my experience with religion. I was a newly minted PC (short for precandidate, because we were not yet candidates for religious life), when I had what felt like serious and valid concerns about some of the details of the liturgy we celebrated daily. We were asked to stand at a time that I was accustomed to kneeling. Since my parents had taught me that kneeling at that time and place was a vitally important sign of deference to God, I knelt while my peers stood.
I was barely over 5 feet, and we filled the chapel by height – short girls at the front, and the tallest girls at the back. My spiritual director was sure my antics were distracting from the mass, and wanted me to cut it out. Being an omniscient, unimpressed teenager, I told her that they should change if they were distracted, because I was doing it right. And I meant it. I was much too self-righteous to joke about the mass. I'm sure she wanted nothing more than to strangle me, but instead, she carefully explained that Regnum Christi (our religious group) followed the Pope's example, and that he wanted the faithful to stand at this particular point in the mass. “This is how it's done in Rome, at St. Peter's!” She was sure this was a trump card. But I wasn't buying it. The Catholic church is unchanging, I told her, because its doctrine is based on principles, not the arbitrary whims of a human ruler. The Pope is only infallible when he speaks on faith and morals, and we should be grateful for that, because there have been corrupt and evil popes who had terrible ideas and philosophies, and who committed terrible sins. If we followed their personal examples, instead of only heeding their words when they spoke formally and infallibly, where would we be? Her response was an open-mouthed guffaw. “You know better than the pope? Who do you think you are, to believe that you are capable of understanding better than the Holy Father – the representative of Christ on earth, what God wants?”
Then she helped me write a Program of Life, which was something like an in-depth New Years resolution, to cure me of the malignant, festering pride that would lead me to worship God authentically rather than to obey my betters.
Despite her attempts and other authority figures' later attempts to mold me into a proper entrant to religious life, I had this innate feeling that the whole thing should be a system of growth and moral action, based on immutable principles. I thought it was something that should make sense and serve my need to draw closer to God. My spiritual director's appeal to authority felt like a betrayal of true religion, as I had come to know it. I didn't want to imitate the pope, I wanted to be a better person. It seemed to me that following the Holy Father fell far short of following Christ.
Every time I see another article or sermon about the waning of religious adherence in modern America, I remember that interaction I had with the woman whose job was to bring me closer to Christ. What I saw in her insistence on conformity was an effort to draw me away from my spontaneous act of worship, and re-direct me to allegiance. I see some of that frantic press for allegiance in these hand-wringing articles and sermons about where people sit on Sunday mornings. It feels weirdly divorced from any concern for the things that Jesus told us hold up the entirety of religious practice, namely, love for God and neighbor.
When I read things like Greg Trimble's soaring piece on the coming revolution in the LDS church, it sounds a bit silly. It feels like we're being told to manage our hunger for a while longer, because porridge is coming, while we're sitting and waiting, frail and ill with deprivation, at a table that groans under the weight of an opulent feast.
In Greg's words, “This revolution will be against those that judge, those that hate, and those that refuse to see past their narrow, regurgitated, cliche point of views. This revolution will be a revolution of love… I think we'll see a time where programmatic meetings are cut by 50% and where the efficiency of those meetings are increased by 50%. We'll spend less time behind closed doors meeting about all the stuff we should be doing, and more time ministering to the proverbial fatherless and the widows. We'll get back to true religion and root out any programmatic religion.”
Does sticking around a place that admits it's full of hate, unfair judgements, and unoriginal points of view, waiting for the gospel to find it, sound like something the Son of Man would have us do? Would the teacher who called us to let the dead bury their dead ask us to wait for a 50% improvement in the godliness of our lifestyle, sometime in the future? He told us who our neighbor is, and chided us for being too righteous to stop our busy church work and love like the Good Samaritan loved. He told us, “Inasmuch as ye did it not to one of the least of these, ye did it not to me.” (Matt 25:45) How does that square with spending hours behind closed doors, compliantly waiting for someone in authority to open them, so we can go love God and serve God's children? Where should I get all this time for sitting around waiting for somebody to tell me it's OK to leave my nets and go follow Him? Why would I sit at the feast God made for me, refusing to eat because someone told me that God told him to make me porridge some time, maybe soon – it's definitely coming?
Based on his other work, I assume that Greg would respond to my questions with a guffaw similar to my spiritual director's, all those years ago, and a reminder to look for guidance from people who have a closer connection to God than I should ever expect to have. He begins his post, not with acknowledgement and loyalty to the name on the church building, but to the men Greg believes speak for Jesus Christ. He wants to make sure that we all know where his loyalties lie. I find myself wondering again, why is spontaneous, unapproved worship a problem to be corrected? Why is this system guiding us towards allegiance to men rather than a connection to God?
And this is where it breaks down for a lot of Millennials who have a desire (as did self-righteous, 14-year-old, me) to reach out to God in community. We don't see a good reason to keep doing something that's not working for us. We value the result more than the process. We're looking for fruit, not pretty leaves. If we don't find a meal where we're told to expect it, we're perfectly happy to go elsewhere, and let the fruitless tree wither away. We don't recall Jesus sitting under the fig tree, waiting patiently for the coming revolution of fig season. He cursed the tree and left.
Many of my religiously unaffiliated friends have gone to the bible with new eyes, and found a Jesus who is markedly different from the one religion presented to them. Instead of an all powerful being who deigned to lower himself to our level on certain conditions, and must be continually appeased, we see a very human person who loved his friends, who stood up for the weak and the sick and the poor, who irritated the religious leaders and authority figures of his day, and who was killed for daring to make God accessible without intermediaries.
And Greg obviously sees that disconnect. He knows we can do better than our current church culture. He dedicates the middle section of his article to all the kinds of sinners we should be accepting into our lives and our church houses, with the grand assumption that these masses are staying away from church because they feel unworthy to approach the throne of God. I have no doubt that his personal accounts of having met and counseled with such sinners are all genuine and shared in good faith, in love, in acceptance, and understanding. But I also wonder if he knows or cares about the other empty spots in the pews? Does the coming pivot away from unjust judgement include making space for people who don't think they're sinning, but who simply have a different way of reaching God?
I am aware that I have an unusually anti-authoritarian personality for a stay-at-home mom with 7 children and 0 recreational substances in her home, but I think that I'm not alone in this feeling that the gasping of church ladies is not so impressive. I think that many Millennials are, quite simply, done hustling at Authority's beck. We found out that the pediatrician isn't going to her office, mid-appointment, to consult with her colleagues. She's checking google to see what that mystery rash might be. We found out that going to college isn't the golden ticket our teachers and parents promised it would be, no matter how perfect our grades were. We found out that news anchors lie, even when there's no good reason to do so. We found out that cops are not liable for their behavior, and that racism is systemic in the nation's police force. We found out that that there are some problems with claiming that the bible, or other scriptures, are the literal word of God. Our trust in Congress is so low, it apparently defies numerical quantification.
This lack of trust in institutions does not indicate a universal inability to trust anyone or anything, it's simply a redirection of trust, from what we view as unaccountable behemoths, to answerable individuals. We have a hard time supporting wars on foreign soil, because we're friends with foreigners. We are comfortable with the sharing economy, because we see reviews as a much more effective accountability tool than a huge company's reputation, making Airbnb, Uber, Lyft, Taskrabbit, and Etsy increasingly popular. We aren't afraid of our neighbors, be they gay, foreign, drug users, atheists, people of color, or, surprisingly enough, bible-believing Christians. We seem to think that individuals are generally good folks, and that our differences are no cause for fear.
I hope Greg is right about his revolution's imminence, and I hope the revolution includes making space for those who approach God directly, rather than conforming to Authority's whims. To avoid losing a generation, churches and church people are going to need to open their eyes to the feast that's before us and encourage people to eat, rather than hassling them to wait out an imaginary famine for the coming gruel. The guffawing and the appeals to authority will need to stop, because Millennials “know that the princes of the Gentiles exercise dominion over them, and they that are great exercise authority upon them. But it shall not be so among you: but whosoever will be great among you, let him be your minister. And whosoever will be chief among you, let him be your servant: Even as the Son of man came not to be ministered unto, but to minister, and to give his life a ransom for many.” (Matt 20:25-28)
Those who chide and scorn should know that my generation does unacceptable perfectly. We cheerfully disregard unwieldy bureaucracies and get the job done ourselves. Our ability to share and create with our neighbors is a curse on the tree that fails to feed us.
Advertisements
Ronda Rousey wants to star in a Metroid movie.
This shouldn't be too surprising: Rousey, the UFC's former Bantamweight Champion and box office phenomena, has been slowly transitioning to film for some time now. She had what amounted to a cameo role in Furious 7 , stars in the remake of Road House , and will join Tina Fey in the future white feminist classic Do Nothing Bitches . A Metroid film, however, represents something else: A potential jewel in the crown of Rousey's near-unprecedented crossover success.
Though there hasn't been a Hollywood film based on a Nintendo property since Though there hasn't been a Hollywood film based on a Nintendo property since 1993's Super Mario Bros. —a character like Metroid's Samus Aran has unlimited franchise potential. And a star-spanning, alien-blasting action hero needs a badass occupying her power suit, so why not the MMA star?
“I've always wanted to be Samus,” “I've always wanted to be Samus,” Rosey told GameSpot's Mat Paget . “That would be badass.”
The prospect of playing a gaming character she's loved for years while hanging out in a CGI suit eating donuts does sound like a dream gig. There is, however, a bigger obstacle standing between her and this lush role than the men who jumped onto GameSpot's comment section to say she wasn't attractive enough for the role:
And Samus Aran? She's a trans woman.
See, canon is a tricky thing, as tricky as gender itself. In 1994, the Japanese strategy guide for Super Metroid included a quote from Hirofumi Matsuoka, who said that the 6'3”, 198-pound intergalactic bounty hunter was a “
It's a throwaway line in a strategy guide, more than likely a joke about Samus' unreal proportions, but we live in a gaming ecosystem where there aren't many iconic female heroes in the games everybody plays. Few anchor franchises. That one might suggest one of the most popular is trans is, well, about as shocking as the original's reveal that the gun-toting bounty hunter in the power suit is, to quote Rousey again, “a hot chick on the inside.” See, canon is a tricky thing, as tricky as gender itself. In 1994, the Japanese strategy guide for Super Metroid included a quote from Hirofumi Matsuoka, who said that the 6'3”, 198-pound intergalactic bounty hunter was a “ newhalf ,” which for the uninitiated, is slang for “trans woman.”It's a throwaway line in a strategy guide, more than likely a joke about Samus' unreal proportions, but we live in a gaming ecosystem where there aren't many iconic female heroes in the games everybody plays. Few anchor franchises. That one might suggest one of the most popular is trans is, well, about as shocking as the original's reveal that the gun-toting bounty hunter in the power suit is, to quote Rousey again, “a hot chick on the inside.”
I'm willing to give Rousey the benefit of the doubt here and guess that she doesn't know this bit of Metroid lore, not because she's not invested in her favorite character, but because it's tucked away rather far out of sight. Unless you're looking for it, you'd never know. Metroid isn't exactly huge on character, and nothing in the games refutes or supports Matsuoka's glib reveal.
Those offended by the proposition that a character they've been playing for years may reflect even less of their experience or sexual preferences than first thought often point to the lack of a transition narrative in any of the games, as well as Nintendo's tweaking of Samus' design to that of a younger, more comely woman.
Why and how a woman would fill the player in on her transition while fighting Mother Brain is beyond me, but it's true that Nintendo has shifted away from their portrayal of Samus as a burly supersoldier. But hey, trans bodies come in that size, too.
I hate to be pedantic, but if Samus Aran ever gives birth in a Metroid game, it'll be happening far enough in the future that uterine transplants aren't uncommon. And if you're saying “Hey, Colette, that's awful small of you,” I'm not the one looking for ways to say that a video game character isn't trans.
Does a video game character's gender identity matter? I'd say no, in most instances, because characters were so scanty with detail in my youth that it was possible to identify with any protagonist, no matter how bushy his moustache. Super Mario Brothers 2 and Final Fight feature characters whose transness is established as inconsequently within the universes of the game as Samus, as even games that feature female characters are usually made with an eye towards a male audience. Does a video game character's gender identity matter? I'd say no, in most instances, because characters were so scanty with detail in my youth that it was possible to identify with any protagonist, no matter how bushy his moustache. Super Mario Brothers 2 and Final Fight feature characters whose transness is established as inconsequently within the universes of the game as Samus, as even games that feature female characters are usually made with an eye towards a male audience. Poison , the Final Fight henchwoman you beat uptime and time again as you scroll from one screen to the next, is only trans because it was deemed more acceptable for your avatar to strike a woman if that woman had a penis at some point in her sketch of a backstory.
It's unfortunate that what stake we have in Samus is rooted in a joking slur buried as an Easter egg in a Japanese strategy guide, but we're so hungry for representation, for the ability to play the hero just once , we'll take what we can get, all the while pushing our way out of the market that forced this scarcity upon us.
Where would that leave Rousey, if this hypothetical Metroid movie were greenlit and she cast as Samus? Playing a woman whose womanhood she'd vehemently deny in any other circumstance.
Rousey probably shouldn't play Samus Aran—doing so would make her, in a sense, a poster girl and role model for thousands of the sort of women and girls that she doesn't want on her team (and let me go ahead and preclude your pithy little retort with yes, MMA does have teams, the analogy is very appropriate ). Her contribution to Nintendo's vast media empire would become a sad inside joke as canonical as Dennis Hopper wondering why nobody's delivered his pizza to Koopa Castle.
And if all this isn't enough to deter her, than an appeal to her own politics: if she doesn't want trans women involved with her passions, than she should stay out of something that means so much to trans women gamers.
kid2010
Offline
Posts: 25
Not NewbiePosts: 25 Re: Apple bones us yet again - hasn't played TB3 by the rules « Reply #16 on: November 15, 2016, 07:49:11 AM »
I'm not exactly sure why Apple decided to refuse to talk with some TB3 devices and I cannot be sure whether or not the patch will physically harm the machine.
Just got my MBP today. So as Rominator said by default it seems macOS refuse to recognize a set of TB3 devices (like Razer Core). After digging around, it looks like the decision is made by IOThunderboltFamily. There is a shouldSkipEnumeration function and by patching it to always return false, I was able to get MBP working with my Razer Core. I tried with RX460 and it's working (not really good though)I'm not exactly sure why Apple decided to refuse to talk with some TB3 devices and I cannot be sure whether or not the patch will physically harm the machine. Logged
netkas
Hero Member
Offline
Posts: 827
AdministratorHero MemberPosts: 827 Re: Apple bones us yet again - hasn't played TB3 by the rules « Reply #18 on: November 15, 2016, 10:50:04 AM » For our less skilled friends:
For IOThunderboltFamily.kext (for binary):
find these hex bytes
55 48 89 e5 41 57 41 56 41 55 41 54 53 48 81 ec 38 01
and replace 41 57 41 56 with 31 c0 5d c3 Logged
Fl0r!an
Offline
Posts: 351
Sr. MemberPosts: 351 Re: Apple bones us yet again - hasn't played TB3 by the rules « Reply #19 on: November 15, 2016, 10:56:35 AM »
Very nice work though! And another example where one needs system hacks to unleash the full potential of the hardware, thanks to Apples artificial limitations. Would be very interesting to figure out why they put this check there, but I guess we'll never know. Might be the usual combination of "we don't care about standards" and "we are the center of the world"...Very nice work though! Logged
netkas
Hero Member
Offline
Posts: 827
AdministratorHero MemberPosts: 827 Re: Apple bones us yet again - hasn't played TB3 by the rules « Reply #21 on: November 15, 2016, 03:13:00 PM »
should be on par with pcie x16 1.0 now
btw, Rominator, you are lucky to buy non-touch bar version.
TouchBar version has soldered ssd, can call it ipad with keyboard now. in cuda-z the insteresting part is not pinned memory but the other column, can't see itshould be on par with pcie x16 1.0 nowbtw, Rominator, you are lucky to buy non-touch bar version.TouchBar version has soldered ssd, can call it ipad with keyboard now. « Last Edit: November 15, 2016, 04:31:27 PM by netkas » Logged
kid2010
Offline
Posts: 25
Not NewbiePosts: 25 Re: Apple bones us yet again - hasn't played TB3 by the rules « Reply #22 on: November 15, 2016, 06:23:50 PM » BTW Rominator, does your Razer Core work out of box under Boot Camp? I tried to use it under Windows but I code a "not enough resources code 12" for the card. It looks like Razer Core is having a resource (address range) conflict with Apple's PCIE x16 bridge. Logged
Rominator
Offline
Posts: 2346
Hero MemberPosts: 2346 Re: Apple bones us yet again - hasn't played TB3 by the rules « Reply #24 on: November 15, 2016, 09:33:12 PM » Quote from: kid2010 on November 15, 2016, 06:23:50 PM BTW Rominator, does your Razer Core work out of box under Boot Camp? I tried to use it under Windows but I code a "not enough resources code 12" for the card. It looks like Razer Core is having a resource (address range) conflict with Apple's PCIE x16 bridge.
I have had a bear of a time trying to get it to work with Windows.
I can et Win 10 installer to boot via EFI but it can't see the internal NVME drive AT ALL.
I'm sure we can get it to work in Win once I do.
There is still something fishy going on with Nvidia drivers. I can get 780 to work in 10.12.1 with Web Driver but Maxwell won't.
May have buggered something myself. I have had a bear of a time trying to get it to work with Windows.I can et Win 10 installer to boot via EFI but it can't see the internal NVME drive AT ALL.I'm sure we can get it to work in Win once I do.There is still something fishy going on with Nvidia drivers. I can get 780 to work in 10.12.1 with Web Driver but Maxwell won't.May have buggered something myself. Logged Before asking a question, check your "Personal Settings" and be sure that you have "Brain Services" set to "On".
kid2010
Offline
Posts: 25
Not NewbiePosts: 25 Re: Apple bones us yet again - hasn't played TB3 by the rules « Reply #25 on: November 16, 2016, 01:24:06 AM »
For MBP with dGPU, this is what I got. I tried to disable dGPU but didn't change anything. I assume the PCIe Controller is causing the error but I cannot disable that (disabling this causes Windows failed to boot).
Even after installing Boot Camp's driver?For MBP with dGPU, this is what I got. I tried to disable dGPU but didn't change anything. I assume the PCIe Controller is causing the error but I cannot disable that (disabling this causes Windows failed to boot). Logged
Rominator
Offline
Posts: 2346
Hero MemberPosts: 2346 Re: Apple bones us yet again - hasn't played TB3 by the rules « Reply #26 on: November 16, 2016, 02:42:12 AM » I'll be in class til 10 PM tonight but can play with this again tomorrow night.
Using Bootcamp assistant hasn't worked for me, it partitions, downloads then when it reboots it says it is in win recovery.
How did you install Bootcamp? Logged Before asking a question, check your "Personal Settings" and be sure that you have "Brain Services" set to "On".
Kentucky State Rep. Dan Johnson addresses the public from his church on December 12, 2017. Timothy D. Easley/AP
Kentucky state Rep. Dan Johnson has committed suicide amid allegations of sexual misconduct, WDRB reported Wednesday.
Johnson's body, along with a gun, was reportedly found on a bridge in Mt. Washington, about 55 miles southwest of the capital city Frankfort.
Johnson previously refused to resign after he was accused of waking up his daughter's 17-year-old friend during a sleepover in 2013, and fondling her underneath her clothes.
The victim reportedly sent him a Facebook message following the alleged incident, according to the Kentucky Center for Investigative Reporting:
"What you did was beyond mean, it was evil. Drugged or not, I think you know what happened that night and that's why you're sending this message. I never thought something like that would happen to me, especially by someone like you. I looked at you as a Dad, but now I sincerely hope I don't see you again, but I might try to maintain a relationship with your kids. And there is no point in responding to this message either because I don't want to talk about it ever again."
Johnson claimed he sent a Facebook message to the woman that said he couldn't remember what took place that New Year's night because he was "drugged" at a bar, the Courier-Journal reported. He later said that he did remember the night in question; however, denied having entering the girl's room.
Following the allegations, he was encouraged by Democrats and Republicans to resign, the Courier-Journal said.
Johnson reportedly posted a now-removed message on his Facebook denying the allegations on Wednesday:
"The accusations from NPR are false GOD and only GOD knows the truth, nothing is the way they make it out to be. AMERICA will not survive this type of judge and jury fake news . Conservatives take a stand. I LOVE GOD and I LOVE MY WIFE, who is the best WIFE in the world,My Love Forever ! My Mom and Dad my FAMILY and all five of my kids and Nine grandchildren two in tummies and many more to come each of you or a total gift from GOD stay strong, REBECCA needs YOU . 9-11-2001 NYC/WTC, PTSD 24/7 16 years is a sickness that will take my life, I cannot handle it any longer. IT Has Won This Life . BUT HEAVEN IS MY HOME. "PLEASE LISTEN CLOSELY, Only Three things I ask of you to do,if you love me is (1)blame no person,Satan is the accuser, so blame the Devil himself. (2) Forgive and Love everyone especially yourself .(3)most importantly LOVE GOD. P.S. I LOVE MY FRIENDS YOU ARE FAMILY ! GOD LOVES ALL PEOPLE NO MATTER WHAT !"
Johnson, a self-described "pope" of his church's congregation and a Republican, said in multiple statements that the allegations were false and politically motivated. He also suggested that the accuser, now 21-years-old, supported Hillary Clinton in the 2016 presidential election and was against his conservative beliefs, the Courier-Journal reported.
During a press conference at his church, Johnson led the choir in hymns before issuing a statement.
"I don't want to blast this girl, I have a lot of compassion for her," Johnson said, according to the Courier-Journal. "I'm very sorrowful that she's in this dark place in her life."
I sometimes ask domestic workers to imagine what would happen if every nanny, house cleaner, and home care worker in the country decided to go on strike for one day. I ask them to reflect on all the children, seniors, and families who would be touched, and then to think about how those families' workplaces would be affected—the business people, lawyers, and doctors, all the people who couldn't work because no one was there to support their needs. The response to this question is often quiet concern for the people they work for, followed by animated banter as they imagine chaos in all the households trying to manage without them. Though society doesn't value care and cleaning in the home as “real” work, the workers themselves know that their daily work is important, even fundamental.
Until now, I haven't posed the question of "a day without domestic workers" in preparation for an actual strike. I've asked because it's rare that we as women, particularly women whose wages are never quite enough to pay the bills, ever think about our collective power in the economy, much less what we could achieve if we directed that power collectively. But in this new political era, it's time that women do more than simply recognize our power—we must organize it.
On March 8 women from every part of the country and the economy will rise together to participate in #DayWithoutAWoman, also known as the Women's Strike. A follow-up to the historic Women's March on January 21, #DayWithoutAWoman will fall on International Women's Day, which honors the social, political, and economic contributions of women globally. Originally named International Working Women's Day back in 1909, March 8 highlights how women's work—paid and unpaid—drives the economy worldwide. There is a long, yet little-known, history of global women's activism on this day. For example, on March 8, 1975, the Icelandic women's strike set the stage for the election of the first woman president in the world, Vigdís Finnbogadóttir.
At its heart, a strike is an action that workers take to disrupt "business as usual." Strikes both shine a light on injustice and demonstrate—to the strikers and to everyone else—the collective power to change the status quo. If ever there were a time for women to throw a wrench in things, it's now. We are nearly half of the entire workforce. And we still provide more than 70 percent of the unpaid family care in the United States. We are also a majority of the consumer base (over 70 percent) in this country. It's our work and our dollars that create wealth for the winners in this economy—from Uber to Walmart.
As much as some of us may like our jobs, we still face pay inequity, lack of respect, discrimination, and harassment, and lack of access to opportunity for advancement and security. At a time when we should be making progress at light speed on all of these issues, we face powerful opposition, from the government to society at large.
For women in low-wage jobs like domestic work, the stakes are higher than ever. Women make up two-thirds of the nearly 20 million workers in low-wage jobs—defined as jobs that typically pay $10.10 per hour or less, according to a report from the National Women's Law Center. Women of color are disproportionately concentrated in low-wage jobs; nearly half of all women in the low-wage workforce are women of color. Home care jobs, for example, are the fastest growing occupation in the economy today, and are overwhelmingly dominated by women, disproportionately women of color and immigrants. Their median annual income? $13,000 per year.
A former Canadian politician believes that extraterrestrials have been visiting our planet for years.
The Honorable Paul Hellyer, who was a member of parliament and served as Minister of National Defence, has publicly voiced his beliefs regarding extraterrestrials for years. He recently testified at the Citizen Hearing on Disclosure in Washington, DC that took place in May. The goal of this mock hearing was to “accomplish what the U. S. Congress had failed to do for forty-five years – seek out the facts surrounding the most important issue of this or any other time – evidence pointing toward an extraterrestrial presence engaging the human race.” Five former members of U.S. congress and one former U.S. senator listened to more than thirty hours of testimony from government officials, military personnel, researchers, and witnesses.
Huffington Post Canada describes that, as part of his testimony, Hellyer stated that “aliens are living among us and that it is likely at least two of them are working with the U.S. government.” More specifically, Hellyer announced that at least four species of extraterrestrials have been visiting Earth for thousands of years. According to Huffington Post Canada, he also stated that some extraterrestrials originate from the “Zeta Reticuli, the Pleiades, Orion, Andromeda, and Altair star systems” and “may have different agendas.”
Hellyer has publicly commented about UFOs and extraterrestrials since 2005. In February 2007, he told the Ottawa Citizen that “climate change is the number one problem facing the world today,” and he believes alien technology could ameliorate the situation. According to the paper, he called for “a public disclosure of alien technology obtained during alleged UFO crashes — such as the mysterious 1947 incident in Roswell, New Mexico — because he believes alien species can provide humanity with a viable alternative to fossil fuels.”
Hellyer has delivered presentations at several UFO conferences, including the International UFO Congress (IUFOC) in Fountain Hills, Arizona. Watch his entire presentation from the IUFOC at the top of this post. The DVD of Paul Hellyer's IUFOC presentation is also available for purchase.
Popular Posts:
SAN JOSE -- Tommy Wingels is never going to be a player that's judged on points alone. The Illinois native has established himself as an honest, hard-working forward that will finish his checks and never take a shift off. With 114 hits, Wingels leads the Sharks and is 12th in the NHL.
Still, his production so far this season has been disappointing. Wingels has managed just three goals and nine points in 36 games, along with a -12 rating. That puts him on pace for about 21 points, well below his 36 points last season and 38 points in 2013-14.
At 27-years-old, he should be entering the prime of his career. Hasn't happened.
On Wednesday against the Flyers, Wingels was once again kept off of the scoresheet. He did, however, drop his gloves and fight Philadelphia's Chris VandeVelde after the Philly forward blew up Dainius Zubrus along the wall. He later earned a coincidental roughing minor with the Flyers' Jakub Voracek, taking the talented scorer off of the ice in the third period of a tie game. In the first period, he got under the skin of the Flyers' Wayne Simmonds, too.
Afterwards, coach Pete DeBoer called it one of Wingels' best games of the year.
[KURZ: DeMelo locking down Sharks sixth defenseman spot]
“Obviously the production offensively isn't there, but when it's not there you have to find other ways to impact the game,” Wingels said.
On Monday against Colorado, Wingels tied for the team-high with five shots on goal and generated some of the Sharks' best scoring chances. Perhaps his offense will start coming around, too.
That's what he's hoping, anyway.
“I think the last couple games the scoring chances are increasing, so I've got to be happy about that, but I've just got to stick with it and hopefully at some point the damn will break and they will start pouring in,” he said.
According to DeBoer, Wingels should be a beneficiary of Logan Couture's return to the lineup, and the subsequent depth that provides. In practice on Thursday and Friday, Wingels was slotted with Tomas Hertl and Matt Nieto on what would be considered the team's third line, so that's where he'll likely begin Saturday's game against Winnipeg.
“[Wingels], probably as much as anyone, has been affected by the loss of Couture,” DeBoer said. “With the four centermen now healthy, I think he's going to have the ability to be productive when he gets out on the ice.
“I'm not worried about the goals and assists. He brings some things to the table for us that are unique. He hops over the boards with energy, he finishes his hits, [and] you know you're on the ice against him.”
In previous seasons, Wingels tended to get off to strong starts while his goal production dried up late. Last season, he scored just four goals in the final 28 games.
Now that the calendar has flipped to 2016, perhaps Wingels can reverse that trend and start scoring on a more regular basis in the second half.
“For whatever reason, I've always been a streaky player offensively,” he said. “I've gone through these streaks where the production isn't there, and it's certainly very frustrating as a player. I can't figure out why that is. But, hopefully it comes around soon. I'm trying out there, and trying to get to the hard areas where the goals are scored.”
DeBoer said: “I like where his game is at right now at the important time of the year.”
Photo: Daily Intelligencer; Photos: Getty Images
Article by: Dr. A. Mansouri
The Russian Federation was falsely perceived as a partner to the United States and NATO after the fall of the Iron Curtain and any illusions of this notion should have been vaporized in 2008 when the Russian army attacked NATO candidate Georgia. This kind of Russian aggression expanded later into Ukraine in 2014 when Ukrainians chose to embrace the West rather than remain in the Russian orbit. Yet the real declaration of war on the U.S. was the direct hacking of U.S. institutions by the Russian government's cyber agencies. That is when the war between U.S. and Russia expanded on three fronts: the less-obvious information warfare, proxy warfare, as known from the Cold War era, and the new frontier of cyber warfare.
For Donald Trump to side publicly with an enemy of the United States, and even go so far as to express praise for its authoritarian and kleptocratic president, is unheard of and truly alarming. Senator John McCain described Putin as a “thug and murderer,” but the atrocities that this ex-KGB operative has ordered in Chechnya and Syria would qualify him as a mass murderer.
Trump has shifted opinion on various topics throughout the last year, but he didn't change course on his opinion of the Putin regime and the unprecedented appeasement of Russia's national interest.
During his campaign he expressed doubts about NATO and his advisors voiced criticism over NATO expansion, which is the classical excuse for Russian aggression toward its neighbors.
Once the Eastern European countries were liberated from Soviet occupation in 1989, they were eager to join NATO – the most powerful military alliance in the world – to prevent a repeat of history and another Russian invasion. All of these countries joined NATO (and the EU) in a democratic process supported by the majority of the people. Hungary, for example, held a referendum in 1997 which resulted overwhelmingly in favor of NATO membership. This came at a time when Russia was bombing Grozny and other towns in Chechnya, in reaction to their aspirations for independence. According to the United Nations, around half a million Chechens were killed by Russia's brutal military operations in the Caucasus.
This kind of Russian aggression reminded these Eastern European countries of their own experiences with their bullying neighbor to the East, and fostered an urgent need to be part of a strong defensive alliance.
It might seem as though Putin has chosen Trump to be his Trojan horse to eventually destroy America from within and enable Russia to pursue its national interests; however, there is one problem with this narrative. If this were really the case, it would, like most conspiracies, be kept secret, or at least they would try to keep it secret. I believe Trump's adamant and amplified public appeasement towards Russia serves a purely commercial agenda.
His own son, Eric, a senior executive at Trump Organization, admitted that they have many customers from Russia and they see a lot of money coming in from Russia. It is clear they want to continue to appeal to Russian multi-millionaires who seek to put their money in safe havens outside of volatile and unpredictable Russia. The Trump family want to make sure most of it is directed to their real estate developments. Until 2014, before Russia invaded Crimea and sanctions were imposed, most of the buyers of high-end luxury developments in Manhattan were Russian millionaires and oligarchs. In fact, there are rumors they directly financed a lot of the Trump projects (we won't know for sure until Trump releases his finances).
Trump simply doesn't want to alienate any potential Russian buyers and investors, but would rather see them flock to his projects not only in the U.S., but also in places such as Dubai (very popular with Russians), where Trump has business interests, including a big residential golf course project with his partner Hussain Sajwani of DAMAC. The over-advertised Akoya project hasn't attracted many buyers so far, due to Dubai's slowing housing market in 2016.
As for Russia, a Trump presidency will probably help diﬀuse the hostility between Russia and the U.S./Europe. Putin desperately needs sanctions relief, as Russia is currently running out of currency reserves and needs financing for their oil & gas projects. Having China as the only cash rich financier gives them diﬃcult bargaining positions. China knows Russia can't turn to Europe or U.S., and, so, low-balls them.
Russia also needs money for its military ventures in Syria and Eastern Ukraine. While the latter has been somewhat of a success, with their proxy Assad retaining control of Aleppo, Ukraine has been a disaster, comparable to Afghanistan in 1980. According to leaked data, Russian casualties amounted to 2000 soldiers dead and 3000 disabled as a result of Putin's war against Ukraine. Putin wanted to regain Russia's former glory by dismembering Ukraine and annexing those lands to boost his popularity, while punishing Ukraine and setting an example for other countries such as Armenia or Moldova, who are still under Russian domination. The initial plan with “Operation Novorossiya” was for the Russian regular army, spec ops and pro-Russian insurgents – fully armed and supplied by Russia – to quickly take control of vast territories of Eastern Ukraine. But they were not able to advance to the ultimate prize, Odesa, nor the vital land corridor to Crimea. The fierce and unexpected Ukrainian defense has kept the Pro-Russian forces at bay in a rather small area in Donbas.
This failure puts Russia in a more desperate financial situation; sustaining Crimea is now much more expensive without a land connection and most of the residents of Crimea are complaining about hyperinflation and frequent power cuts.
Russia is losing money and wants the sanctions removed as a way of getting some relief and being able to raise capital. They see Trump as the man who can make the world slowly look past the annexation of Crimea by initiating rapprochement and lifting sanctions. It's either that or they have to wait and hope for the oil price to spike up again.
In appointing Rex Tillerson, a close friend of Putin, as Secretary of State, Trump hopes to bring an end to the suspicious element in the current perception Russians hold of America, which will also benefit the Trump Organization. Trump also sees the presidency as a great opportunity to boost his hospitality brand on the international level, where he hasn't been very successful in the recent decades, especially when compared to competitors like Hilton or Simon Property Group for example. Ivanka has also faced hurdles in promoting her fashion brand in places like Japan, which is why she was so eager to sit in the meeting with prime minister Abe.
It is very diﬃcult to give president-elect Trump the benefit of the doubt regarding conflicts of interest. Naturally he will do everything to promote his business, even as president, because the presidency will end after 4 or, at most, 8 years, but the Trump organization will remain his primary business both for him and his family.
Trump will enter the White House with that thought foremost in his mind. He doesn't strike me as a person capable of putting U.S. national interests above his own. He avoided serving in the armed forces. His eﬀorts and actions in the past resemble a drive for self-centered gratification rather than patriotism or even a vested interest in contributing to the community and the American people.
Dr. A. Mansouri is a Senior Political Analyst at Journalist Club Vienna
Since you're here – we have a favor to ask. Russia's hybrid war against Ukraine is ongoing, but major news agencies have gone away. But we're here to stay, and will keep on providing quality, independent, open-access information on Ukrainian reforms, Russia's hybrid war, human rights violations, political prisoners, Ukrainian history, and more. We are a non-profit, don't have any political sponsors, and never will. If you like what you see, please help keep us online with a donation
Related
Tags: international, Russia, Trump, USA
Bitfinex to offer 5% of the stolen digital currency in exchange for information leading to the recovery of the stolen BTCs. Information useful to Bitfinex includes the identity of the hackers.
Earlier this month, the digital currency industry saw one of the largest data breach incidents in history. The Hong Kong-based digital currency exchange firm, Bitfinex, on 2 August, reported a data breach that resulted in the loss of close to 120,000 BTCs.
The loss, which was about $72 million at the time of the breach, resulted in the temporary closure of the site. Fortunately, Bitfinex has now resumed business, though investigations into the security breach are still ongoing. The bounty announcement is part of the company's efforts to recover the stolen BTCs. Bitfinex is encouraging anyone with information about the hacker(s) to come forward.
In truth, the reward is quite luring. 5% of the stolen BTCs amount to about $3.5 million, an amount you just do not come across often. The company made the announcement on Reddit, a social media site.
The announcement is in response to a question by a member of the community; “What is the bounty for recovering the Bitfinex coins? Shouldn't the bounty be in BTCs?” Zane Tackett, Bitfinex's community director, responded to the query by confirming that Bitfinex was willing to offer 5 percent of the recovered BTCs. Zane, however, was quick to clarify that the bounty will only be eligible if the information provided leads to the recovery of the coins.
Zane was also clear about what would happen in the event more than one person provided useful information leading to the recovery of the stolen BTCs. In such a case, the bounty amount will be divided equally among all, or as he put it “pro rata”.
Meanwhile, Bitfinex resulted in dividing the losses it experienced among all customers to compensate the customers who lost their coins. To accomplish that, Bitfinex reduced the balances of all its customers by 30.067% and replaced the reduction with BFX tokens. The BFX tokens are to be reimbursed at a later date.
As of 10th August, Bitfinex customers could make deposits and perform withdrawals. The site became fully operational on 13th August.
If you're going to be using Bitcoins, you might consider getting a VPN specifically for that purpose.
(Visited 67 times, 1 visits today)
A recently published study explores how the different fertility rates between secular and religious individuals could influence societies overall genetic evolution. Robert Rowthorn's hypothesis and research “Religion, fertility and genes: a dual inheritance model” was printed in the Proceedings of the Royal Society B . “Proceedings B is the Royal Society's flagship biological research journal, dedicated to the rapid publication and broad dissemination of high-quality research papers, reviews and comment and reply papers.” In summary “Religious people nowadays have more children on average than their secular counterparts. [This paper] assumes that fertility is determined entirely by culture, whereas subjective predisposition towards religion is influenced by genetic endowment.” This got me thinking about how modern practitioners of Pagan religions would affect the gene pool. After all, Paganism has some vestiges of fertility cults and a broad view of marriage which includes polyamory.
It is important to note that Rowthorn is not a geneticist. He is a faculty member of economics at Cambridge University. Though he isn't trained in biology, he does understand complex statistics. He researched many studies and applied various models to forecast population growth among the religious. The first study was by geneticist Dean Hamer who is famous or infamous for discovering two genes: one that increases a preference for homosexuality and the “God gene”/”Religiosity” gene VMAT2 which increases a person's chance of being religious.
Rowthorn states that “For religion to influence genetic evolution it must convey some kind of selective advantage. Such an effect might come about through social bonding via ritual, formation of group identity through myth …”
Image: A Pagan Handfasting ceremony. Provided by Liz Verran to Wikimedia.
Stories, rituals, and images of fertility are abundant in Neo-Pagan religion. The most prominent are the phallic may pole and images of a pregnant goddess. Though the specifics change from tradition to tradition the basic understanding of The Wheel of the Year is that life moves from conception or birth, through growth, and finally death. Pagan holidays are based on the solstices and equinoxes, and between times because humanity once mainly lived in an agricultural based society. Survival depended on the fertility of crops, fertility of animals both wild and domesticated, and family size. The human population wasn't as explosive as it is today. Small settlements depended on new generations for labor. So it isn't any wonder that sexuality was celebrated and ritualized.
However, even today religion celebrates fertility and sexuality in some way. In Western marriage ceremonies the groom removes the bride's garter. In the Middle East wedding guests receive five almonds with one representing fertility. Paganism, as does other religions, promotes childbirth.
Rowthorn writes that “In the modern world, religious people, even controlling for income and education, have more children on average than people without religion. The reasons are cultural in the broad sense, and include social norms and the influence exerted by religious organizations.”
Is Paganism a religion? Though some in the community would dispute that, it basically is. Check. Does Paganism include myths, symbols, and rites regarding fertility? Check. But dogma is where Paganism loses it's chance of rapidly growing based on inheritance.
Rawthorn points out that religions with the highest birthrates, such as the Amish and Hutterites and Haredi (‘ultra-orthodox') Jews, practice endogamy. “Endogamy is the practice of marrying within a specific ethnic group, class, or social group, rejecting others on such bases as being unsuitable for marriage or other close personal relationships. . .
Endogamy is common in many cultures and ethnic groups. Several ethnic religious groups are traditionally more endogamous, although sometimes with the added dimension of requiring marital religious conversion, permitting an ostensibly endogamous marriage to be performed since the convert has accepted the partner's culture.” Wikipedia Orthodox traditions are also more likely to teach children only their religious tradition.
There are several factors that prevent modern Paganism from rapidly growing based on fertility. Pagans are not opposed to mixed and non-traditional marriages. They view marriage as an act between consenting adults no matter the race, religion or non-religion, gender, or nationality.
In his interview with the Staff of Asclepius, Charlton Hall, therapist and Chief Druid of the Universal Order of Druids said “It's pretty well known in the Pagan community that we are more tolerant of alternative forms of sexual expression. Even though this is usually accepted as fact among Pagans, to my knowledge no one has ever attempted to quantify how prevalent this tolerance is. The Pagan Perspectives on Marriage survey is an initial attempt to study how we view these relationships.”
The other factor is that Pagan parents usually want their children to decide if they will even be religious or not. Some struggle with teaching their children about Paganism because they consider it unjust indoctrination. There are exceptions where children are raised on a hereditary path or Pagan parenting is embraced.
Until Pagan parenting becomes a more common tradition, the religion will grow mainly through individuals who discover and embrace the Pagan path. Modern Paganism tends to be more concerned with the fertility of ideas, the birth or renewal of the inner spirit. Oberon Zell-Ravenheart, an important figure of Neo-Paganism, sculpted one of the most recognized images of the Goddess: The Millenial Gaia. He intended it to be an expression of a growing global Earth-based consciousness. Pagans plant more than one kind of seed. We nurture seeds of awareness.
Image: Millennial Gaia by Oberon Zell-Ravenheart
References
“Interview with Charlton Hall, therapist and Chief Druid of the UOD Part 2” Staff of Asclepius www.patheos.com/community/paganswithdisabilities/2011/02/01/interview-with-charlton-hall-therapist-and-chief-druid-of-the-uod-part-2/
“Model predicts ‘religiosity gene' will dominate society”
By Lisa Zyga Jan. 28, 2011
www.physorg.com/news/2011-01-religiosity-gene-dominate-society.html
“A new study has investigated how the differing fertility rates between religious and secular individuals might affect the genetic evolution of society overall.”
Robert Rowthorn. “Religion, fertility and genes: a dual inheritance model.” Proceedings of the Royal Society B. January 12, 2011
Abstract
rspb.royalsocietypublishing.org/content/early/2011/01/07/rspb.2010.2504
Full Text
rspb.royalsocietypublishing.org/content/early/2011/01/07/rspb.2010.2504.full
“Geneticist claims to have found ‘God gene' in humans” The Washington Times Nov. 14, 2004
www.washingtontimes.com/news/2004/nov/14/20041114-111404-8087r/
“An American molecular geneticist [Dean Hamer] has concluded after comparing more than 2,000 DNA samples that a person's capacity to believe in God is linked to brain chemicals.”
Dean Hamer, the director of the Gene Structure and Regulation Unit at the National Cancer Institute in Bethesda http://rex.nci.nih.gov/RESEARCH/basic/biochem/hamer.htm
The Witches' Sabbats A Collection of Articles by Mike Nichols webspace.webring.com/people/wm/mike_nichols.geo/
Middle Eastern Wedding Traditions
Wikipedia en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Endogamy
national
Posing as cops, two men assaulted the man on Hughes Road and forced duo to sit pillion on two different motorcycles; the man pulled out the key from the ignition, helping police nab the accused
What should have been a regular night drive in south Mumbai turned into a nightmare for two colleagues — a man and a woman — who were abducted by two men posing as policemen near Hughes Road, at Kemps Corner. The situation had all the makings of a worse ending, but for the brave actions of the man and the timely intervention of the police.
The case has been registered with the Gamdevi police. According to the police, the complainant is a resident of Koparkhairane in Navi Mumbai and, on Saturday night, had gone to Andheri to meet his relatives.
A female colleague was accompanying him and after the meeting, the duo decided to go to Marine Drive for a night ride on the motorcycle. The man, who was driving, went via Haji Ali.
Around 2 am on Sunday, the vehicle had reached Hughes Road, near Kemps Corner, when the duo heard loud whistles. When they turned, they saw two men on a motorcycle following them. Thinking they were policemen, the complainant stopped his bike.
The pillion rider, who was blowing the whistle, claimed they were policemen in civilian attire and asked for the man's driving licence. When the complainant demanded to see their IDs, one of them allegedly slapped the man and manhandled him. They then snatched his driving licence and told the duo they would have to come to the police station to get the licence back.
Taken for a ride
A police officer from Gamdevi police station said, “The pillion rider forced the complainant to sit behind him while he drove the man's motorcycle. The woman, on the other hand, was asked to sit pillion on the vehicle the accused had brought along.”
As the accused were riding, they did not reach a police station even after a long time. Sensing the danger they were in, the 22-year-old complainant started shouting for help. Luckily, the real police — in a patrol van from J J Marg police station — heard his cries on J J Marg.
The man himself showed courage and managed to pull out the keys from the ignition of the motorcycle he was sitting pillion on, and the vehicle came to a halt. Policemen, who were nearby, intercepted it. Seeing the cops, the rider of the bike carrying the woman pushed her off and sped away.
The policemen arrested the one accused left on the scene. He was identified as Salim Irshaad Khan (42), an auto driver from Mumbra. A case was registered at JJ Marg police station and then transferred to Gamdevi police as the incident had occurred in their jurisdiction.
Khan was booked under Sections 170 (wearing garb or carrying token used by public servant with fraudulent intent), 365 (kidnapping or abducting with intent secretly and wrongfully to confine person), 366 (kidnapping, abducting or inducing woman to compel her marriage, etc.,), 323 (voluntarily causing hurt), 504 (intentional insult with intent to provoke breach of the peace) and 34 (common intention) of the IPC. He was produced in the Esplanade court yesterday and remanded in police custody.
A hunt is on for the other accused.
The Eurythmics 'bloke' has changed his mind about Spotify and explains why all his gold records get sent to north London
"Thom Yorke made a mistake there, him and Nigel Godrich," says Dave Stewart, addressing the pair's criticism of Spotify and the royalties it pays artists. "They were misinformed. I think they just suddenly got a bee in their bonnet, because Spotify is one of the few companies that is transparent and actually pays properly – as a songwriter you should worship Spotify, because they've come along with a solution."
It's an interesting turnaround for the songwriter, producer and one half of the Eurythmics, who told consumer technology magazine Stuff in a 2012 interview that he would earn $47 if his album was streamed non-stop for three years on the music streaming service, and that newer artists would be better off "selling their albums out of the boot of a car".
Stewart now says Spotify's problem lies with its low number of subscribers (currently standing at more than 6 million globally, according to the company). "It's a volume business. If they had 100 million subscribers, which is possible, the payment [for the Eurythmics catalogue] would be equal to the band's income back at the peak of selling," he claims, adding that the way money is distributed by the labels to the artists is another problem.
We're sitting in the Hospital, the London private members club he co-founded with the aim of creating a hub for creators, after a screening of the video for his new single, Every Single Night. Following Stewart's train of thought takes concentration as it bounces between a multitude of new ideas and ventures that he's involved with, interspersed with entertaining anecdotes.
With four decades of experience in the music industry, his view of record labels is, to say the least, tainted. "You see record labels are the devil," he says, leaning in. "Record labels and publishing companies are the worst banks in the world … My own record label boss [Jose Menendez] was murdered by his own kids, and through that murder me and Annie [Lennox] found out where most of our royalties went.
"There was a very famous trial [following the murder] called the Menendez trial. He came from Hertz rent-a-car to run RCA Records in the US [the label was owned by Hertz at the time]. How weird is that? And that's who I had a meeting with for our third album. He was this huge Columbian guy. He shook my hand, saying: 'Love the album – it's just like Ghostbusters.' Ghostbusters?"
There's no doubt that problems arise when labels are owned by corporations that have no experience in dealing with artists.
Perhaps Stewart's reference to labels and banks stems from the fact that a bank was essential in making Eurythmics album Sweet Dreams a reality. After every label turned the band down, he calculated they'd need £5,000 for the equipment to record it by themselves. He went into the local bank in Crouch End, London, and explained to the bank manager that if they could get the equipment they would own the record and the next album.
"We both looked really weird, and Annie was really embarrassed, but at the end of my speech he just said 'that makes sense' and gave us the money. About a year and a half later we put £8m back into his bank. We've sent him all our gold records ever since."
While Stewart has little love for traditional record labels, he has even less love for technology companies and anti-copyright campaigners who expect music to be free. He says his income from music has gone down by 92% in the past decade. "Could you imagine teachers being told that they suddenly would only earn 8% of their income? They wouldn't be able to survive."
He also thinks reducing the length of copyright is "ridiculous". "Imagine if your dad built a business making train engine parts and bought a house and then he had a daughter and was told that it's all public domain now," he explains. "What the fuck? Why are they picking on musicians? Pick on something else!"
Stewart recalls Paul McCartney's lawyer telling him about a decade ago that all the music that had been made already would always be worth more than any of the music produced for a thousand years to come, because of the internet.
As the possibility of Spotify gaining 93 million additional subscribers any time in the near future appears remote at the moment, what should artists do to survive? Stewart takes a leaf out of Neil Young's book, banking on people being willing to pay for better sound. His soon-to-be-released album comes as an app that includes a feature-length film ("it's like Purple Rain or the Beatles' Help"), and is recorded in 11.1-surround sound.
He's also involved with Talenthouse, a company that puts brands together with artists. "Many artists say they don't want to work with brands – and then it turns out they're signed to EMI, which made missiles [Thorn EMI was until the mid-1990s one of the UK's largest defence companies]," he chuckles. "Ben & Jerry's is quite nice, actually – and they've got more stalls than EMI does."
But what he's most excited about at the moment – apart from the release of his "album-movie app" – is a new artist-funding venture that he'll announce at the Reeperbahn festival. My lips are sealed but, hint, it's inspired by the American Farmers Bank.
Verizon Communications Inc., through its subsidiaries, offers communications, information, and entertainment products and services to consumers, businesses, and governmental agencies worldwide. The company's Wireless segment provides wireless voice and data services; Internet access on various notebook computers and tablets; international travel wireless services; and network access services to deliver various Internet of Things products and services, as well as offers digital advertising and digital media services platforms. This segment also provides wireless devices, including smartphones and basic phones, wearables, and tablets and other Internet access devices. As of December 31, 2018, it had 118.0 million retail connections. Its Wireline segment offers traditional circuit-based network products and services; networking solutions, comprising private Internet protocol (IP), Ethernet, and software-defined wide area network, as well as cybersecurity services; local exchange, regional, long distance, and toll-free calling services; voice messaging and conferencing services; and workforce productivity and customer contact center solutions, as well as residential fixed connectivity solutions, including Internet, TV, and voice services under the Fios brand name. This segment also provides premises equipment, as well as installation, maintenance, and site services; data, voice, local dial tone, and broadband services primarily to local, long distance, and wireless carriers; voice and networking products, Fios services, IP networking, voice solutions, security, and managed information technology services for small and medium businesses, state and local governments, and educational institutions; and security and managed network services. The company was formerly known as Bell Atlantic Corporation and changed its name to Verizon Communications Inc. in June 2000. Verizon Communications Inc. was founded in 1983 and is headquartered in New York, New York.
Naomi Oreskes, THE Merchant of Doubt herself, uses tactics of the tobacco lobby
Naomi Orsekes' big intellectual contribution to the climate debate is her fantasy that skeptics copy tactics from the tobacco lobby. It's a trick to reframe real criticism — Dr A spot a real error, but Oreskes waves the “Tobacco tactic!” red flag. Stop the conversation!
Not only are this ad hom attacks tactics as old as the stone age, bone obvious, and used in every political hot-potato debate, but “tobacco tactics” are the stock and trade of Prof Naomi Oreskes. She's make a whole career out of mimicking the tobacco industry.
Oreskes wrote an entire book designed to denigrate scientists based on tenuous links on unrelated topics with 20 year old documents. She is The Merchant of Doubt — it's what she sells — “doubts” about the motivation of skeptical scientists. Her fantasies about skeptics using tobacco tactics is pure psychological projection. Perhaps she isn't aware?
In a science debate about the climate, the only things that matter are evidence and reasoning about the climate. Those who can't point out flaws in the science debate launch personal attacks from the gutter instead. What has tobacco got to do with Earth's Climate? It's not a forcing or feedback, but the smoke sure clouds the public discussion.
A. O. SCOTT, NY Times, reviews the movie about her book and unwittingly writes a parody of Oreskes:
The pro-tobacco strategy also called for smearing critics and invoking noble ideals like personal freedom against inconvenient facts like nicotine addiction.
Oreskes “smears critics” and invokes the noble ideal that believers in man-made climate change are doing it to help the poor and the planet. That doesn't fit the facts, where believers get paid three thousand times more than skeptics, and don't care when the poor starve, or when their pet projects end up chopping and frying the wildlife they were meant to save. Hey, accidents happen, but it's the response (or lack of) to the unintended consequences that telegraphs their real intentions.
The reference is to the long campaign to obfuscate and undermine attempts to make the public aware of the dangers of cigarettes. As early as the 1950s, tobacco companies were aware — thanks to their own research — that their products were hazardous and habit forming, but they waged a prolonged and frequently successful campaign to suppress and blur the facts. Their tactics included sending dubiously credentialed experts out into the world to disguise dishonesty as reasonable doubt. “We just don't know.” “The science is complicated.” “We need more research.”
Who suppresses and blurs the facts in the climate debate? Could that be people who talk about tobacco instead of clouds and humidity?
Who sends out dubiously credentialed experts? Sounds like the Nobel Prize winners, who got “Peace” prizes because they weren't smart enough to win a Physics prize (like these skeptics did). Or worse, is it like people who didn't even win a Nobel Peace Prize but like to pretend they did? Is that dubious enough?
As for telling the world the cop-out “the science is complicated” — it's not what skeptics do, instead it's the alarmist modus operandi. The science is so “complicated” only certified approved climate experts can see the future, and riff raff like brain surgeons, nuclear physicists, and Fourier mathematicians are too stupid to be able to form an opinion on something as complex as a climate model. Besides, thousands of these independent “non-climate-experts” are being paid by Phillip Morris to seed doubts. You've never seen a conspiracy theory as big as this one.
What's remarkable is that Orsekes is playing the weakest of hands, yet some journalists, columnists, and “scientists” can't see through it.
From a post I wrote about The Merchant of Doubt in 2012:
Oreskes, the Queen of Climate Smear, ignores the big money, has no evidence, throws names
The skeptics seed doubts by questioning the evidence and pointing to contrary results (isn't this known as “discussion”?). Oreskes seeds doubts by digging through biographies, analyzing indirect payments of minor amounts, hunting through unrelated topics and tenuous associations from 20 year old contracts.
While skeptical scientists always criticize the scientific claims of the Climate-Fear Lobby, Oreskes can't fight back on that front, because she's completely out of her depth. She wrote that a pH of 6.0 denotes neutrality (p. 67) and that Beryllium is a heavy metal (p. 29) and she blames “Oxygen-15″ in cigarette smoke for being the cause of lung cancer, though she could not explain how this radioactive isotope is generated in cigarettes. She doesn't realize it has a half life of 122 seconds. No wonder she trawls through the gutter instead of debating a guy like Fred Singer on the science. She wouldn't stand a chance.
VN:F [1.9.22_1171]
please wait... Rating: 9.0/10 (86 votes cast)
The Daleks have been Doctor Who's most unstoppable villains for pretty much the show's entire run — but what drives them? What are they a metaphor for? On one level, they're clearly a version of the Nazis, created by people who lived through World War II. But their creator had another metaphor in mind.
Talking to Starburst Magazine's John Fleming in 1978, Nation was asked who or what the Daleks represent. His first response is, "I suppose you could say the Nazis." But then he adds:
The one recurring dream I have – once or twice a year it comes to me – is that I'm driving a car very quickly and the windscreen is a bit murky. The sun comes onto it and it becomes totally opaque. I'm still hurtling forwards at incredible speed and there's nothing I can see or do and I can't stop the car. That's my recurring nightmare and it's very simply solved by psychologists who say you're heading for your future. You don't know what your future is. However much you plead with somebody to save you from this situation, everybody you turn to turns out to be one of 'Them'. And there's nobody left – You are the lone guy. The Daleks are all of 'Them' and they represent for so many people so many different things, but they all see them as government, as officialdom, as that unhearing, unthinking, blanked-out face of authority that will destroy you because it wants to destroy you. I believe in that now – I've directed them more that way over the years.
Advertisement
Read the whole Terry Nation interview, in which he also talks about Blake's 7 and why he thought Doctor Who would never succeed, here and here.
OAKLAND, Calif. (CN) – Electronic Arts can settle antitrust claims by paying $27 million and releasing exclusivity rights to league-branded football video games, a federal judge ruled.
After granting preliminary approval of the settlement Friday, U.S. District Judge Claudia Wilken scheduled a fairness hearing for Feb. 7, 2013.
In 2008, lead plaintiffs Geoffrey Pecover and Jeffrey Lawrence claimed that EA killed off competing football video games by partnering with the National Football League, the National Collegiate Athletic Association, the Collegiate Licensing Co. and the Arena Football League.
By monopolizing the market for these games, EA was free to hike up the prices of its own games and gouge customers, according to the complaint.
EA denied the allegations as well as any wrongdoing, eventually filing the joint settlement on July 20, 2012.
The agreement bars the Redwood City, Calif.-based developer from renewing its exclusive NCAA and CLC football licenses for at least five years after they expire in 2014. EA must also refrain from grabbing exclusive rights to the AFL for five years.
The settlement will not affect EA's exclusive licensing with the NFL, even though the “Madden NFL” video game was central to the original lawsuit.
The $27 million settlement fund will go to consumers who purchased “Madden NFL,” “NCAA Football” or “American Football League” games published between Jan. 1, 2005, and June 21, 2012.
Consumers are entitled to up to $6.79 for games released for play on the XBox, Playstation 2, PC or GameCube platforms. Those who purchased titles released for play on the XBox 360, Playstation 3 or Wii platorms can claim up to $1.95 per game.
Prospective class members must submit their claims by March 5, 2013.
Members who want to opt out and keep their right to sue EA separately about the same legal claims must do so by Dec. 10, 2012.
Like this: Like Loading...
Pat Robertson: The gay rights movement is Satan's doing The televangelist also explains why Jesus would never bake a cake for a same-sex wedding
Televangelist and former GOP presidential candidate Pat Robertson was in fine form on Wednesday, explaining to viewers of his long-running TV show, "The 700 Club," why Jesus would have never baked a cake for a same-sex wedding and how Satan is to blame for the gay rights movement.
"I think you got to remember from the Bible, if you look carefully at the Bible what would have happened in Jesus' time if two men decided they wanted to cohabit together, they would have been stoned to death," Robertson explained. "So Jesus would not have baked them a wedding cake nor would he have made them a bed to sleep in, because they wouldn't have been there."
Advertisement:
"But we don't have that in this country here," Robertson said, with a tinge of regret. "So that's the way it is."
While it's fair to guess that Robertson, like most of us, enjoys cake, there was another reason for this soliloquy; namely, Robertson's outrage over a nearly four-month-old story about a Colorado man who was sued for refusing to sell a same-sex couple a cake to celebrate their being recently married in Massachusetts. This is a big, big story among the religious right and is ostensibly the motivation behind Arizona's controversial SB 1062 and other bills like it.
Despite having cut the gordian knot of Jesus' cake baking inclinations by citing the stone-to-death protocols of Jews 2,000 years ago, Robertson wasn't done with his history lesson. "Ladies and gentlemen, I think we have to recognize what I said a few years ago," he continued, "[during Jesus' time], homosexual marriage was condemned, homosexuality itself was considered a pathology and now those that are practicing that activity has turned and become the oppressors of those who hold deeply-held religious points of view."
"The tables have turned,” he added.
How to explain this dramatic reversal in a mere 2,000-plus years? Robertson explained that, at heart, the gay rights movement — as well as the pro-choice movement — was about denying "the reproduction of the species." This could only mean one thing: Satan is to blame.
"Why? What is it about gays? What is it about abortion? Have you ever thought why they're on the forefront right now?" Robertson asked. "Both of them deny the reproduction of human species,” he explained. "An abortion ... kills a baby in the womb," he said. Homosexuality, on the other hand, according to Robertson, is “a meaningless exercise because it doesn't go anywhere."
Advertisement:
He continued: “The Devil is trying to say, ‘I'm going to destroy your progeny any way I can. If you kill your babies, that's fine, I'm with you; if you will deny the chance of having babies, that's fine too; but I want to destroy your opportunities to reproduce.'”
“It's a very serious thing," Robertson went on to say, "and we're not talking about it, and we need to as a society, we have to realize where the attack is coming because it is definitely an attack.”
You can watch Robertson lay bare Satan's nefarious schemes below, via Right Wing Watch:
Image copyright Lindsay Cardwell Image caption Syrian refugees in Aberystwyth thanked the town's residents after their welcome earlier this year
Syrian refugees are expected to have been housed in all council areas across Wales by the end of 2016.
The Welsh Local Government Association said more than 300 refugees will then have been resettled in Wales in the first year of the Syrian resettlement programme.
Councils had previously been criticised for the speed they had been rehousing Syrian refugees.
But the WLGA said the criticism had been unfair.
The UK government has pledged to settle 20,000 Syrians in the UK by 2020 under the scheme.
But in August it was reported that only nine of Wales 22 councils had taken part up to the end of June.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Cheryl Martin from umbrella body Children in Wales says asylum seekers have to navigate unfamiliar systems
The WLGA has now confirmed to the assembly's equality committee that all authorities will have received refugee families into their areas, with over 300 refugees resettled in Wales by the end of December.
In a written submission to the committee ahead of verbal evidence to AMs on Thursday, it said: "While there has been some criticism of local authorities for not responding quickly enough, for those authorities with limited experience, making sure appropriate plans were in place to ensure a well-managed resettlement process was key."
"As such, we believe the criticism levelled has been unfair and in the main, the smooth way in which the arrival of refugees has been undertaken has borne out the benefit of effective planning."
Oxfam Cymru had been previously critical of the speed that councils were taking refguees from Syria.
Kirsty Davies-Warner, head of the charity, said "We are encouraged by the clear change in pace of the resettlement of Syrian refugees to Wales.
"It's terrific to see that every local authority within Wales will welcome refugee families from Syria - showing that Wales is providing a truly national response."
Image copyright Lindsay Cardwell
The Welsh Government does not deal with immigration and asylum policy, which is instead handled by the Home Office, but it is responsible for many of the services that support refugees and asylum seekers.
It has a delivery plan which lists a series of actions in areas including mental health and housing that it wants to see implemented.
But the WLGA said while those who work on relevant issues may be aware of the plan's existence, "there are no established mechanisms through which Welsh Government raises awareness of the delivery plan with authorities or specific departments".
As a result, it said some organisations may not make be aware of the actions required of them, but it said many of the issues included in the plan were being addressed.
A Welsh Government spokeswoman said its refugee and asylum seeker delivery plan published in March 2016 had already led to positive changes but it would update it with information on new schemes as they developed.
The Securities and Exchange Board of India (SEBI) is putting out absurdly wrong numbers and data full of mistakes with regard to data for portfolio management services (PMS).
SEBI has always been reluctant to share the data, which is key to helping investors choose the right portfolio manager. Earlier, the market regulator had stonewalled our queries on the grounds that PMS results were fiduciary information . In fact, Moneylife fought a hard battle with SEBI to get the data out in the public domain by filing Right to Information (RTI) applications and taking our appeal to the Central Information Commission (CIC), which ordered SEBI to put out the data in the first place.
but even that was done grudgingly and in a very difficult to access manner
This finally forced SEBI to put out PMS performance data, but even that was done grudgingly and in a very difficult to access manner . It has now taken things to an irresponsible new low by putting out horrendously wrong data, as is established by some painstaking work by one of our readers. Take a look.
For October 2016, SEBI's website shows that Anvil Wealth Management generated a return of 138% in one month.
The data also shows highly erratic returns – after showing returns of 113% to 130% for every month between May 2016 to November 2016, the return suddenly dips to 0% in December 2016 and shoots up to 126% in January 2017 and drops to 0% again in February 2017. How does one make sense of this?
Another company, Moneybee Securities Pvt Ltd, in shown to have generated a return of 42.63% in December 2016, when the market was down after demonetisation.
Kotak Mahindra Asset Management Company reported a return of 113.07%, in October 2016 when the market was flat. In August 2016, when the market was sharply down, the Kotak Mahindra AMC managed a return of 65%.
Another PMS, NJ Advisory Services Pvt Ltd, reported return of 55.92% for July 2016, which was another flat month for the index.
These returns are way too high to be generated in a period of one month even if the overall market is rising (bull market). Interestingly, some PMS schemes reporting very high returns show no increase assets under management (AUM). Our reader points out that “it is hard to believe that managers who have been doubling money every month is not able to attract a higher AUM”.
The only conclusion one can draw is that the returns mentioned by SEBI's website are wrong.
What makes this particularly questionable is that SEBI's website provides no details about how these returns were calculated and whether they are gross or net returns. Unless returns are properly calculated in a standardised format, it is likely to mislead investors into choosing the wrong scheme, and the source of the misinformation would the market regulator, whose mandate is to protect investors from such mistakes.
THIS week two Nobel-peace-prize laureates, both international figures of inspiration, find themselves visiting Britain: the leader of Myanmar's (ie Burma's) opposition, Aung San Suu Kyi; and also the Tibetans' exiled spiritual leader, the Dalai Lama. On June 19th, in London, the two met.
Get our daily newsletter Upgrade your inbox and get our Daily Dispatch and Editor's Picks.
The rendezvous, not publicised on either of their official schedules, was disclosed by the Dalai Lama's office on Twitter only the next day, where it was described simply as “a private meeting”. The Dalai Lama, who had previously called for Miss Suu Kyi's release from house arrest, is reported to have told her “I have real admiration for your courage.” He also gave her his blessing, as one Buddhist to another. The obvious backdrop to any such blessing would be the separate political struggles of Myanmar and Tibet. The two places have a certain neighbour in common.
China's leaders will not be happy to learn of the meeting. The Dalai Lama's ten-day visit to Britain has given fresh occasion for China to denounce him. In a further measure, the Chinese Olympic committee threatened to withdraw some of its athletes from training in England. The Dalai Lama shrugged off all this as “routine”. He is as accustomed to acting as a hate figure for the Chinese government as he is to being a symbol of hope to many people elsewhere.
Myanmar has also vexed China, its most involved economic partner, of late. Last year its president, Thein Sein, suspended a hydropower dam being built with Chinese backing in northern Myanmar. Reforms that have been initiated by his once perfectly authoritarian government—such as those that enabled Miss Suu Kyi to win a parliamentary seat in April—have been seen in part as an attempt to build better relations with other countries, that Myanmar should not remain so reliant on China's good graces.
One danger for Miss Suu Kyi is that she could develop hate-figure status with the Chinese government. It would surely hurt her movement if she were to join the Dalai Lama in China's official view as a “jackal in monk's clothing” (or a jackal in a htamain, as it were). As her role evolves from dissident to politician, she will have to deal with politicians in Beijing. A meeting with the Dalai Lama does nothing to nurture their trust in her, and could frustrate the sort of progress that her party, the National League for Democracy (NLD), pursues in Myanmar.
That the two met in London may also strain Britain's already tense relations with China. When David Cameron met the Dalai Lama last month, the Chinese government rebuked Britain and called off a senior official's visit.
On the evening of June 19th, Miss Suu Kyi celebrated her 67th birthday at a private garden party in Oxford, her old university and former home. Her return to Britain—by way of Oslo, where she collected the Nobel peace prize that was awarded her in 1991, when she was under house arrest—is part of her second trip outside Myanmar in the past 24 years. (She visited Thailand last week.) In 1988, when she had returned to Yangon (then Rangoon) from Britain to care for her ailing mother, she was caught up in pro-democracy demonstrations. At the time and ever since she chose at great personal sacrifice not to leave Myanmar, for fear that she would not be allowed back.
Her audience with the Dalai Lama is the product of unusual circumstance. She was long not at liberty to leave her home in Yangon; he was forced to flee his in Lhasa. She is working to steer her country in a new direction, while he can do little to influence Tibet's fate. Both must hope that China's displeasure at their meeting will not impede the work that Miss Suu Kyi has ahead of her back home.
(Picture credit: "The official Twitter page of the Office of His Holiness the 14th Dalai Lama")
Last week I posted about “breast ironing,” the practice by which young women's developing breasts are “massaged, pounded, pressed, or patted with an object, usually heated in a wooden fire, to make them stop developing, grow more slowly or disappear completely” in Cameroon. See my original post on the topic for the logic behind the practice, which I do not care to validate further by discussing it again.
In that post, I also discussed female genital mutilation (FGM), explaining how asking someone about their view of FGM was a litmus test of sorts for the limits of that person's cultural relativism.
Carol Gallo wrote an excellent comment on my post, in which she explained that it is difficult for well-meaning outsiders to understand cultural phenomena like FGM. I responded by explaining how, though I disagree with FGM, I see the practice as rational. After all, if the norm is to have one's daughter FGMed, not following the norm might lead to a fate worse than following the norm.
This is because of what we call a “multilateral punishment strategy” in economics — the phenomenon whereby norms are enforced by punishing those who do not follow norms, and by punishing would-be punishers whenever they fail to punish the transgressors. See Greif's (1993) classic article on the Maghribi traders for a theoretical treatment, or read Kaushik Basu's Prelude to Political Economy for a more intuitive discussion.
Carol responded, further beginning as follows:
Funnily enough, I only half-accept the idea of individual rationality because I see people do things that are terrible for them or make no sense all the time (…).
This brings me to the topic of today's post.
The Rationality Straw Man
It is de bon ton in the media and elsewhere to condemn economists for their belief in individual rationality. “Bah! Humbug!,” goes the critique, “we know people aren't rational because they do dumb things, like, all the time…”
But merely declaring that people aren't rational does not make it so. In economics, individual rationality rests on two assumptions:
Completeness: People can compare two alternatives x and y, and determine whether they prefer x to y, y to x, or whether they are indifferent between y and x, and Transitivity: If someone prefers x to y and y to z, then that person prefers x to z.
That's it; that's all. When an economist assumes individual rationality, all she is saying is that people's preferences are complete and transitive. One can build a very rich theory of individual behavior on the basis of these two seemingly simple assumptions.
Moreover, there need not be an inconsistency between the assumption of individual rationality and doing dumb things. Car surfing is certainly among the dumbest things I can think of, but it's not irrational — the teenager standing on the roof of his friend's car might feel the need to prove something to himself or to his girlfriend, which outweighs the perceived risk of injury or death. The person who smokes two packs a day might strongly discount the future.
In other words, “We know people aren't rational because they do dumb things” does not constitute a valid critique of individual rationality — it is more of a straw man than anything else. I would start here for a critique of individual rationality that has real traction.
Update: Paul Kelleher notes in the comments that what I am talking about is not necessarily a straw man, and that perhaps the right concept to apply here is that of fallacy of equivocation.
Ginette Lapalme had been living in her apartment at Dufferin and Dundas streets for almost five years when her landlord asked her to leave. He and his wife were expecting a baby, he said, and his mother-in-law would be moving into the space.
Lapalme and her boyfriend, Patrick Kyle, hadn't done anything wrong, but the eviction was his right under the "landlord's own use" provision of Ontario's Residential Tenancies Act.
"It seemed reasonable," 27-year-old Lapalme says of the eviction, which happened last January. Still, Lapalme and Kyle, both artists, were a little suspicious. They were paying just $1,150 a month for a huge, five-room apartment with loads of sunlight in a neighbourhood that had gone from dreary to trendy in the time they had been there.
Story continues below advertisement
Their landlord, Andriy Budnyy, owned a set of units over adjacent storefronts, some of which were empty. He had just let them move back into the apartment after shuffling them into a smaller unit while he renovated, but had never mentioned his mother-in-law during the process.
"We wrote him a letter asking to stay, because we didn't really understand," says Kyle. "But there was no budging." Instead, Budnyy offered the couple one month's rent to cover their moving expenses. They reluctantly accepted and left on March 1, 2014. Other long-term tenants were also moving out that day, but neither Kyle nor Lapalme asked them why.
"We were trying not to be paranoid," says Lapalme, but the two kept an eye on the rental listings. In May, two months after moving, they saw what they had been expecting: an ad for their old apartment on the classifieds site Kijiji. The rent was listed at $2,000, almost twice what they had been paying. "It was infuriating," says Kyle, 26. They took screenshots of the ad and photos, including a shot of the kitchen with a keyholder nailed to the wall that they had forgotten.
Budnyy, whose first language is Ukranian, says that it's his mother, not his mother-in-law, who is planning to move into the unit. "My mother is coming soon. This is life. Everything is a little bit delayed," he says. He also says that he needed to raise the rent after spending $10,000 on renovating the apartment, and that a lawyer told him he could only do that for a new tenant. "He said: 'This is your choice, this is your property,'" Budnyy says. "I spent money, I have to return it."
In fact, landlords can apply to the province for permission for a rent increase after renovations; individual landlords may not be aware of this.
In Ontario, "landlord's own use" is the only no-fault eviction method, the sole way to kick out a tenant without having to collect proof of late payments or excessive noise.
Karen Andrews, a lawyer with the Advocacy Centre for Tenants Ontario, says that the provision wasn't used very much in the past, but that a growing number of long-term tenants have recently been told that their landlord plans to move in a spouse, child or caregiver. "Certain neighbourhoods are plagued with this – Little Italy, the Beach, Trinity Bellwoods," she says.
Story continues below advertisement
Story continues below advertisement
In many cases the requests are legitimate, and are a trickle-down effect of the runaway housing market. Many homeowners are choosing to maximize the space they already have rather than face bidding wars and the cost of moving. This can mean putting an office or playroom in a former basement apartment.
In other cases, landlords may use this manoeuvre to make false claims and induce tenants to leave. One contributing factor is that the vast majority of new rental units built in the city over the past two decades are in condominiums. In 1998, the then-Progressive Conservative provincial government decided that new rental units would not be subject to the same rent controls as older buildings. This creates a disparity when new condos and investors show up in previously unappealing neighbourhoods.
Landlords such Budnyy must adhere to inflation-pegged provincial guidelines on rent increases, while anyone rents out a condo in a new building – like the Azul Lofts down the street from Lapalme's old apartment – can levy existing tenants for rates in keeping with Dufferin Grove's buzzy status.
Right now, the only way for landlords of older buildings to charge as much as they'd like is to get an entirely new tenant – a prospect that doesn't seem daunting when rental vacancy in the city is 1.7 per cent.
Claiming the apartment is needed for their own use and issuing tenants the relevant form, number N12, allows them to do this. In 2013, tenants contested N12 forms to Ontario's Landlord Tenant Board in 1,555 cases. "The statistics do not tell you about the N12s that are given to tenants who do not put up a fight," Andrews points out.
Most of her clients who win such cases receive token monetary awards, she says. "Even if you win, you've lost housing forever."
Story continues below advertisement
Three years ago, Chris Butcher was awarded $6,000 when his landlord didn't actually move in a family member. He never collected the money. From 2005 to 2011, Butcher lived in a third-floor apartment above a store at Christie and Bloor streets. Just before he was evicted, the building was sold, and his new landlord was lax with garbage collection. Butcher and his now-husband asked for new communal recycling bins. Instead, they got an N12.
A few months after moving, the couple found a rental ad in a Korean-language newspaper for their old apartment. "We decided it was worth the hassle of going to the Landlord Tenant Board," Butcher says. "It was actually really easy, because we had a clear statement of fact. They totally lost."
Butcher and his husband went to the landlord's home to try to collect, and were told he had moved away. They contacted the landlord's lawyer, who threatened that he would sue the couple if they ever contacted him again. "I was so angry, and I wanted to get my own lawyer," says Butcher. "But to collect that $6,000 would probably cost $1,000 in fees, so it's kind of been backburnered." The apartment the couple moved into is smaller than their old one, and costs $300 more a month.
Andrews says that standardizing rent control rules across the province is the first step toward eliminating false N12 claims. Until that happens, "anyone who is paying below what the market will bear is vulnerable."
Special to The Globe and Mail
Corruption Index Indicator: Cities That Ban Ride Sharing To Protect Taxi Incumbents
from the another-week,-another-disruption-stifled dept
"Let's listen to what the public is saying," he said. "Let's not cut supply when demand is so high."
"Someone told me that trying to limit TNCs would be like prohibiting Netflix because we wanted to protect Blockbuster," Burgess noted.
Last week, lots of attention was paid to New Jersey's idiotic and corrupt decision to block Tesla from operating its own stores there, because car dealers don't like the competition and hate the idea of car manufacturers selling direct. As we noted, any such move is a pretty clear sign of corruption at the state level, favoring political allies over the public. There are similar issues at the city level, and this week's corruption highlight award goes to Seattle, where the city council has massively limited ridesharing/app-based transportation services like Uber, Lyft and Sidecar. The law doesn't ban them outright, but makes them a lot less useful for consumers (and drivers) by saying each can only have 150 cars on the road at any time -- which is a hell of a lot less than the combined 3,000 they had.There's simply no reason for this, other than to protect the legacy taxi providers. If consumers want those app-based services, why are they being blocked? And, of course, because so few cars will be available, those services become a lot less desirable (less likely to have a car available nearby, etc.). The end result is that it sucks for everyone. People wanting to get places will have fewer options. People who might want to earn money as a driver cannot. These new innovative companies are held back. The only "winners" are the current taxi owners who have less competition.One council member, Tom Rasmussen pointed out the absurdity of this, and offered up an amendment (which was voted down) that said there shouldn't be any caps on drivers from such services:The public?Ha! They're not lobbying like the taxi and limo companies.As another council member, Tim Burgess notes:Indeed. And yet... it's now the law in Seattle. In a city known for having a fairly thriving innovation and tech scene, the city council has just made it clear that innovation that upsets local incumbents just isn't welcome.
Filed Under: corruption, limos, ride sharing, seattle, taxis
Companies: lyft, sidecar, uber
Apple created a new way of thinking… no, Apple created a whole new way of living.
Apple was founded by the ‘two Steves: Steve Jobs and Steve Wozniak. They were two very different teenagers, but both are geniuses in their own way. Both Steve's grew up in San Jose, California– now better known as Silicon Valley.
Your Designer Toolbox
Unlimited Downloads: 500,000+ Web Templates, Icon Sets, Themes & Design Assets
DOWNLOAD NOW
Before they became billionaires and founders of the coolest company in the world, they were teenage outcasts. Three decades ago the two Steve's were mere college dropouts, Jobs from Reeds and Wozniak from Berkeley. The two Steve's met at Hewlett-Packard, while Jobs was working as a summer employee and Wozniak as a calculator manufacturer.
You might also like to read about the history of Adobe Photoshop, Web Forms, Google Doodles, Online Shopping, or Social Networking.
The Woz was an especially gifted engineer of his time, making and selling illegal devices that he made. One particular device allowed users to make free long distance calls (which was a big deal in the 1970s when long distance calls were expensive).
Wozniak had done so by hacking into AT&T's long distance network. An ironic beginning if you think of it, since AT&T is now perhaps one of Apple's most important business partners.
Later on, Jobs convinced Wozniak to make self-made computers with him. While Steve Wozniak merely enjoyed creating machines, Jobs had always seen the marketability of personal computers. To start their own company, they sold their most precious possessions.
Jobs sold his Volkswagen Bus and Wozniak sold his programmable HP calculator. They gathered $1,250 and started their business in Jobs' basement.
Start of the Great Company
It was in Steve Jobs' tiny basement that they invented the first personal computer. On April Fool's Day, 1976, Steve Jobs and Steve Wozniak released the first Apple I computer and started the company Apple Computers.
The first Apple machine made use of a TV as a display system–a great addition since most machines of the time had no display at all. Text was faster than teleprinter at that time, typing at 60 characters per second. It also had a bootstrap code on ROM for easy start-up.
Like a car, the Apple I computer had a hood that the owner could open up and tinker with the machine. Users were encouraged to open and tinker with the computer; to make it better, to make it faster and to add some features.
Byte Shop, a local computer shop, offered to buy 50 of the computers if it came fully assembled, paying US $500 each. The two couldn't afford to pay for the components, so Jobs approached Cramer Electronics to get components on 30 day terms.
With that, the two Steve's spent days on end building the computers, delivered it on time and paid his supplier with a neat profit for their efforts and for the next order.
Steve Jobs invited Ronald Wayne, a 41-year-old former colleague from Atari to join in their Apple start-up. Jobs offered Wayne 10% of the company, although he kept his job at Atari and worked for Apple at night. The partnership with Ronald Wayne didn't last long, though.
Twelve days after Apple's release, Ronald Wayne sold his 10% share for US $800. A meager sum if you consider the fact that Wayne's 10% share would've been worth US $35.3 billion today.
1977 – 1980s: Fast Growth
After Apple I, Wozniak now thought about making a bigger and better machine. Since they now had the money from the sales on their first computer, Wozniak moved on and made an improved version, the Apple II. The computer was presented on April 16, 1977 during the West Coast Computer Fair.
A Japanese chemist named Toshio Mizushima became interested in the Apple II prototype, and later on became the first authorized Apple dealer in Japan.
The Apple II, also known as the Apple ][, became known as the most popular computer of all time. The TV interface was completely redesigned. It could handle text, graphics, and later on, color. It became more ready-to-use than its predecessor, since the Apple I required you to plug parts together & type the code to run the program.
By this time Apple needed more money to grow as a company. The solution came from an angel investor named Mike Markkula, who was referred to him by Don Valentine and in turn was referred to by Regis McKenna. Valentine, after first meeting the young and unkempt Jobs, told McKenna: ‘Why did you send me this renegade from the human race?'
He was uninterested in funding Apple, but recommended Markula. Jobs visited him and convinced the would-be investor the market potentials of personal computers. Markkula invested $92,000 in Apple and a bank loan of US $250,000.
Markkula held a huge influence particularly in the formative years of Apple. Wozniak even credits Markkula for Apple's success more than himself. He provided the adult supervision to the young Jobs and Wozniak. He served as a mentor to Jobs teaching him the the ins and outs of business and management.
Aside from helping the company obtain credit and capital, he brought in Michael Scott to be the first president and CEO of Apple.
He promised his wife to stay at the venture for four years, he eventually stayed for two decades. Markkula is responsible for recommending the floppy disk drive, after Markkula discovered that the checkbook balancing program he had written was too slow on the data cassette.
Apple's most famous success is the famed Macintosh. It was the first computer to successfully use a graphic user interface and mouse. The series was thought of by Jef Raskin, an Apple employee who envisioned a low-cost, user-friendly computer for the everyday customer.
Macintosh was named after Raskin's favorite type of apple. Jobs was working on his own Lisa computer during this time, but immediately took over the Macintosh project when the failure of Lisa was clear and the future of Macintosh was bright. See the 1984 Macintosh ad here.
By 1980s Jobs was still young and unexperienced. He made many marketing mistakes that greatly affected Apple sales. Jobs still lacked the discipline to run the company . Thus Jobs lured Sculley away with the pitch: ‘Do you want to sell sugar-water for the rest of your life or come with me & change the world?'
Sculley was believed to be the perfect choice into bringing business success, stability and management know-how into the company. He raised the Macintosh price from US $1,995 to US $2,495, to use the extra money for advertising campaigns.
There was an internal power struggle in Apple–Sculley and Jobs regularly clashed. Sculley was traditional, but Jobs was more non-linear: he held meetings after midnight, and called new meetings early in the morning. In the end, the board of directors including Mike Markkula sided with Sculley. Jobs left Apple consequently, his pride in tatters.
The Era of Apple without Jobs
Come 1990s, the IBM PC was now dominating the operating system industry. Apple tried to battle the PC threat by introducing Quadra, Centris and Performa. The new Macintosh computers failed miserably, partly due to poor marketing, plus too many models introduced with minor differences in the tech specs. Aside from the computers, Apple released an early personal digital assistant or PDA (they coined that term, in fact) called the Newton. The venture failed, but it would later be the inspiration for future handheld devices such as the Pocket PC and Palm Pilot.
By this time, Apple was considered ‘one of the worst managed companies in the industry'. John Sculley was then replaced by Michael Spindler, and in turn by Gil Amelio. Stock value was low, and the company was losing billions of dollars. There was no visionary to lead them. How could Apple survive when the founders are no longer active?
Meanwhile, Jobs acquired Pixar, a visual effects and animation company. Soon afterwards he founded another company called NeXT. The computer venture did not succeed because of its high price, but it later became the basis for the Mac OS X. It also became the initial platform for Tim Berners-Lee with inventing the World Wide Web concept.
Apple's Renaissance
Since Steve Jobs' comeback, Apple regained its former enthusiastic spirit. From 1998 to 2000, their sales were slowly but surely rising. One of Jobs' first moves as CEO was to develop the iMac, with the integrated CRT display and CPU in a clean, streamlined design. The computer was a huge success, selling one million units a year.
There was a resurgence of Apple products and the company started to focus on the design and aesthetics of its products.
Later on, the company would introduce other innovative products like the iBook and the Power Mac G4. It also introduced the new operating system Mac OS X, which had been based on NeXT.
But the boom of Apple's success today can be traced back to one gadget: the iPod. It was released on October 23, 2001 The iPod can store ‘1,000 songs in your pocket'.
It was Apple's first venture in digital music players, a gamble that paid off so well that it led to other innovative products: the iPod Mini, Shuffle, Classic, Nano, and later the iPod Touch, iPhone and the iPad.
In fact, Apple revolutionized the music industry. It created a new music download service, the iTunes Store, with music downloads of only $0.99 per song or $9.99 per album. The iTunes Store was launched in 2003, and garnered 2,000,000 downloads in 2 weeks, all purchased on Mac computers.
Apple later released a Windows version for iTunes, further expanding their market base.
The iTunes Store did not stop at that. They later provided free and paid videos and applications for downloads for the iPod, iPhone and iPad.
Today's Apple products are simple, clean and minimalist. Everything is simplified: all the unnecessary features are taken out and only the essentials remain. And because of its style and simplicity, Apple created a huge fan following and has grown exponentially over the decade.
On May 26, 2010, the stock market of value of Apple overtook that of Microsoft. It was the only time in 20 years that Microsoft was lower than Apple, which would've seemed ‘unimaginable' 10 years ago.
On August 25, 2011, news went out that Steve Jobs had resigned as CEO of Apple, and would be succeeded by Tim Cook. On October 5, 2011, Steve Jobs passed away due to complications of pancreatic cancer.
The Bright Future of Apple
What is Apple's most recent plans? The iPhone 4S, the Mac OS 5 and the iCloud, for starters. The iPhone 4S is quite exciting, especially the Siri feature. Siri lets you use your voice to command various functions: send messages, make calls, schedule meetings and more. Siri can recognize your voice, understand what you say, and can even talk back. If you don't believe us, you can see the video here.
Before Jobs' death, he recently unveiled Apple's plans for their new headquarters in Cupertino. The modern and futuristic building allows room for 12,000 employees. It is environmentally friendly and will use renewable energy sources and trees will be abundant in the area. The company hopes to move to the new headquarters by 2015.
Indeed, the passing away of Jobs was too early and too unexpected. But the timing couldn't have been more right–the iPhone and iPad were a huge success that it surpassed the company's expectations in revenue and profit. Apple can finally stand on its own, ready to conquer the future without the help of Jobs' regular involvement. After Jobs, Cook is now the CEO as design genius Jonathan Ive and marketing mastermind Phil Schiller, and they will continue to surprise and inspire us.
Both candidates qualified for the second round on May 6, with Mr Hollande taking 28.56 per cent of the vote and Mr Sarkozy 27.07, according to unofficial estimates from multiple sources.
Far-right candidate Marine Le Pen came third with between 18.12 per cent, beating far-left firebrand Jean-Luc Melenchon, who scored between 10.5 and 13 per cent, according to the estimates.
Centrist candidate Francois Bayrou won between 8.7 and 10 per cent, they said, and turnout was high at at least 80 per cent. That figure was down on the 84 percent turnout of 2007 but up significantly on the 72 percent of 2002.
The two finalists will face off in round two on May 6, when Mr Hollande is expected to easily romp home.
Polling began yesterday in France's overseas territories, and kicked off today on the mainland at 8am local time. All booths will close by 8pm.
French polling agencies are permitted to take samples directly from ballot boxes, so have early accurate voting estimates. Under French law, these can only be made public after polls close. However, foreign media, particularly Swiss and Belgian news broadcasters, usually release estimations and exit polls as early as 6pm local time.
Famously passionate about politics, the French have followed the campaign assiduously but have been deeply underwhelmed by the main candidates with the notable exception of Mr Mélenchon, whose Communist-backed Left Front coalition has made a strong breakthrough.
Opinion polls and campaigning will restart on Monday in the build-up to the May 6 run-off, which Mr Hollande is expected to win by around 55 per cent to 45.
With the first round out of the way, Mr Sarkozy and Mr Hollande will have a two-week tussle before the final vote, which stands to include a handful of mass rallies and a just one head-to-head televised debate on May 2.
The centre-Right incumbent is seeking re-election, saying only he can preserve a "strong France" and warning that his rival is inexperienced, indecisive and risks triggering panic on financial markets with reckless spending pledges.
Mr Hollande claims Mr Sarkozy's presidency has divided the French, widened the gap between rich and poor with unfair economic reforms, and that his austerity measures will only increase already record unemployment rates.
Privately, Mr Sarkozy's closest aides admit that if he fails to finish ahead of Mr Hollande today, his chances of making up the lost ground before the May 6 showdown will be minimal.
Marina Prentoulis is a senior lecturer in media and politics at University of East Anglia. She is a member of the Greek Left party Syriza, a Labour Party campaigner for free movement and workers' rights, and an activist with Another Europe is Possible. She spoke with The Clarion's Daniel Round.
What is Another Europe is Possible, and how can the Labour Left engage with it to ensure the best possible positioning with regards to the EU?
The position of Another Europe is Possible is very close to the position that the Labour Party is currently shaping. We are critical of the EU and critical of it as a neoliberal project, but at the same time most of the present governments across Europe are conservative and want to push back against labour rights and for economic adjustment programmes. Our approach is that we can achieve a different Europe. AEIP is an umbrella organisation, a coalition of people from different parties and groups including, for example, Caroline Lucas from the Greens, Labour's Clive Lewis and Yanis Varoufakis from Diem25. AEIP staked out a critical Remain position at the referendum. Post-referendum, we think that the absolute priority is to defend and push for freedom of movement – distinct from freedom of capital, of course. We in Labour need to work with other people who are willing to cooperate, such as Greens and people in various NGOs – and AEIP as a vehicle allows for that.
The Labour Campaign for Free Movement is now trying to build some momentum on the issue ahead of Labour Party conference. Where do you see the campaign going and what type of impact do you think it can have?
The first objective of the campaign is to challenge the idea that it is foreign workers who ‘steal' the jobs of British workers. This idea is a xenophobic one when we know that in Britain it is neoliberal policies that undermine workers, their rights, job security and so on. The argument has created a nasty, racist environment. So, people on the Left need to organise, strengthen their unions and lead the fight to stop the victimisation of foreign labour. Also, behind the idea of free movement is the idea of a more progressive and open society, which Britain has been. We are now close to falling back into something that is very difficult to sustain in this world – a closed, nationalistic country. This argument also prevails in other countries, with Trump talking about Mexicans and walls in the US, Marine LePen in France and others elsewhere in Europe.
In the 1950s, when Britain had workers from the Caribbean and elsewhere coming over, there was tremendous racism and victimisation of foreign workers. The argument back then was that they would undermine the conditions of British workers and undercut their wages, so there is a long history of this type of argument in the UK. It is amazingly sad that we have fallen back into the mistakes of the past in the way that we have. As a Left, we should be open and aim for an inclusive, equal society, fighting back and arguing against these trends and harmful discourses.
With Labour Party conference coming up, do you think the Left is likely to come out of it strengthened, and how do you think issues like freedom of movement will feature?
I am optimistic in terms of freedom of movement, with some prominent unions and unionists coming out in support of it. The latest series of announcements from Labour are promising too. Labour has now really differentiated its position from the Tories, which is a positive step and gives a lot of hope. For a while, I was a bit critical of the Labour leadership's position, but I think the recent shift has been clever politics. Meanwhile, the Tories are killing each other! We are beginning to create a Left position which is inclusive and open, and puts on the agenda labour rights and freedom of movement. I don't have any predictions for conference as such, but I hope this will be a very strong current at both it and Momentum's event, The World Transformed. I've been invited to a couple of events at The World Transformed, including a panel on Brexit.
What role do you see Momentum playing here?
Momentum has a crucial role for the Labour Left and its fortunes. From the Greek experience – an experience that hasn't worked very well – Syriza didn't have the democratic structures in place, and so a lot of people within the party who wanted to be critical of the government didn't really have a space. The issue of how we organise as activists in relation to our party is really important. I see a contradiction in how Momentum operates, a tension. I follow Momentum from the outside, but I share the aspirations of those within it who want it to become more than simply an organisation that defends the leadership. It also needs to be a broader movement for real social change and transformation.
More than a year on from the referendum, how do you reflect back on that period and what is the way forward for the Left?
I speak as a Greek person, this is my second EU negotiation – I grew ten years older observing the first one and now I'll probably lose another ten with this one! I think first of all, the Brexit campaign was made up of lies – lies about how the EU works and lies about what Brexit would mean. People tend to think of referenda as a very democratic approach to decision making. I think they can be, but only if the correct discussions take place beforehand and people are well informed. So I think the referendum itself was a very bad idea at that stage, and the lies that were told delegitimise the result. Tory Brexiteers played on the emotions of some people – fear of foreigners, for example. The Left didn't do well enough in talking about the economic issues that people have faced over the past thirty years, the issues that underpin some of these fears. Despite all of this, I would find it difficult to say “let's have another referendum – ignore the first one”. It would worsen the mood in parts of the country. I don't think people are crazy for voting for Brexit – I understood the outcome. I understand why people feel they have lost power and lost sovereignty.
You are currently in Greece – could you give an overview of what is happening on the Greek Left? What is going on within Syriza – are there still people fighting the good fight? Are there any signs that Syriza, KKE, Pouplar Unity, Antarsya and others can work together, or does deep factionalism remain?
The sectarianism is full on! I'm still in Syriza, and I get a bit of flak from some people because of that. We have a Left-led government and we want to see Left policies implemented, but that is not currently possible. On the one hand, part of the memorandum they had to sign was designed to implement the general trend in Europe, which is to minimise labour rights, to destroy the welfare state and to privatise. On the other, Syriza has to create a modern state, which Greece is currently not. In relation to the labour market, for example, for years there has been a black market in Greece – workers are not given insurance and face great insecurity and exploitation. Syriza has made it easier for employees to go to court against unscrupulous employers. This is not necessarily Left politics – you could imagine an ‘anti-corruption' centre-right government enacting anti-black market policies. However, it will help to bring the Greek state into a position where it does not allow this specific type of exploitation. I have experienced it myself. I once had an employer who was a ‘Leftist'. He would come into the workplace to give me lectures on Marxism but then didn't pay national insurance! This type of practice has been quite widespread in Greece unfortunately.
You can't really change a lot of things, however, with the agreement between Greece and the EU. Some of us who are more critical of the Tsipras government are in a bit of a dilemma – what are we to do? I can't go to the other Left parties because I don't share their politics. Popular Unity, for example, doesn't seem to understand that if you change the currency, many of the same pressures on Greece would still remain. Despite this, I would like to see them pass the threshold and get into parliament next time around, but I don't think that will materialise.
So we are lacking a space in Syriza – a grassroots space. In the British Labour Party, when Blair was leader, Corbyn, McDonnell and others stayed in the party. There was some space in the party which allowed the Left to do certain things at certain levels, despite the fact Blair was pushing through neoliberal policies that Corbyn and the Left opposed. Greece and Syriza is different. For us on the Syriza Left, the big issue is building a democratic space where we can go on working for social change on the ground, be critical of the government when necessary, and possibly influence the leadership from the bottom up.
Britain is not Greece, but a Corbyn government will come under huge pressure. How do we avoid a similar outcome to what happened in Greece?
First of all we have to remember that Britain is not part of the Eurozone, which has its own structural problems as we saw in the case of Greece. Greece was subjected to memoranda, or lending agreements, such as imposing austerity. These types of neoliberal structural adjustments have been imposed on Britain since the 1980s by successive governments. One issue, however, that may be similar for both Greece and Britain in relation to Brexit is the idea of a ‘multiple-speed' Europe. This scenario paints a bleak future for all of us, enabling the possibility that some countries, including a post-Brexit Britain with no say in EU matters, will be further marginalised on the periphery of the continent. This is something we should resist, both for Greece and Britain.
In the case of both countries, the pressure will also come from a number of ‘peripheral' issues, unique to the geo-political profile of each country. To give you an example, during the negotiations Greece was simultaneously facing a refugee crisis. Had Germany refused to accept refugees or had the neighbouring countries permanently closed their borders, it could have been used as an indirect form of pressure. Similarly in Britain, it seems that during the referendum the issues of the Irish and Gibraltar borders were treated as insignificant, secondary issues. They are not insignificant at all. So the politics of the negotiations go beyond simply the economic arrangements.
A future radical Labour government will be in the unique position to change the balance of power within the EU and to start building new alliances across Europe at the governmental and grassroots levels. Greece was isolated within the EU power centres during the negotiations and the solidarity movement across Europe did not achieve enough momentum. Pushing for a social and socialist EU is our common struggle and Labour has to commit to that so it doesn't happen again.
French President Emmanuel Macron has just visited Greece, promising reform of the EU. What type of response did he get?
Macron is a banker, a neoliberal. He talks about a different Europe and uses some of the language that Syriza used a few years ago, so it resonates on the level of rhetoric somewhat. But Macron's vision for Europe is, of course, very different. He is trying to destroy the unions in France, for example. I worry Macron's politics could lead to the rise of fascism in France. He is certainly not the answer for a social Europe, and it is unlikely he can end the dominance of Merkel's Germany in the Eurozone. Melenchon and Hamon spoke very nicely about Greece and change in Europe in the French Presidential campaign earlier this year, of course, but unfortunately neither made the second round.
Finally – do you think the populist right has started to ebb in Europe, and could you update us on the situation with Golden Dawn?
The trial of Golden Dawn's criminal activities is still ongoing. It has been four years since the anti-racist rapper Pavlos Fyssas was murdered, and we are still waiting for justice. We are still waiting to see the Golden Dawn criminals behind bars. However, they continue to be legitimised. One recent example – Demetris Syllouris, the President of the Cypriot Parliament, invited two Golden Dawn MEPs to dinner he was hosting for Greek and Cypriot representatives. Syriza MEPs rightly boycotted the dinner in protest.
As for the far-right across the world, I still think there is a huge danger. In the UK for example, UKIP is collapsing but the Tories have absorbed their politics and are bringing some of their ideas into the mainstream. She may have lost, but it is beyond belief that LePen got as many votes as she did in France. So I don't think we should be complacent. We should be preparing more and more to fight them!
Let us know what you think? Write a reply? theclarionmag@gmail.com
Share this: Tweet
What Is Self-Anointing?
Self-anointing is a distinctly hedgehoggy behavior. When a hedgehog encounters a new smell in the environment, it often reacts by licking or chewing on the source of the smell, frothing up a lather in the mouth, then making the most amazing contortions to spread the lather on the forequills, back, etc...!
No one is completely sure why hedgehogs do this. Some theorize that it allows them to blend their scent with the environment, thus helping to hide from predators. However, this doesn't necessarily make sense if you consider that it's usually unusual smells that they anoint with. Some say that they do it to spread potential poisons on the quills, to make themselves more toxic to predators. There's some published lab research that showed that hedgies given toxic marine toads to anoint with went for the poison gland and anointed with the toxins (they do have a remarkable tolerance for neurotoxins), but most things in their environment aren't toxic. Certainly, marine toads aren't part of their natural environment! A third theory suggests that new scents overload the scent receptors and they anoint to clear the neurons. Hmm. That sounds weird, too.
Well, regardless of why they do it, it's entertaining! In the pictures on this page, a three week old albino baby shows you how it's done!
contact us!
All information on this web site is copyright of Hedgehog Valley. You may view/print the web pages for your personal use. You may also provide a link to these pages without prior approval. No one is allowed to re-post the information from Hedgehog Valley Web Site, including pictures, to any other web site, without the approval of Hedgehog Valley. Copyright 2002
Ken Burns' new documentary Prohibition is excellent and highly recommended on its own merits, but urbanists should take special note of its urban themes. Cities have always been caricatured as centers of licentiousness, and the booming cities of turn-of-the-century America, teeming with poor Catholic immigrants, must have been terrifying to the established white Americans of the Midwest and America's small towns. New York and Chicago proved to be impossible to temper, and it was there that Prohibition was the most violent.
Alcohol prohibition thankfully ended after not much more than a decade, but the "War on Drugs," born out of the same Progressive movement, remains with us today. Blacks and Hispanics now play the role of the 1920s' Irish and Italians, but the plot is the same: a substance becomes associated with the wrong kind of place and the wrong kind of people, and then its prohibition leads to the further curse of violence being afflicted on its participants and their cities.
Just as New York and Chicago were the fiercest resisters of Prohibition, big cities are today home to the most vibrant drug markets. As the upper classes began fleeing America's great cities in the 1930s and taking with them much of the wealth, drugs filled the void, while at the same time deepening exacerbating the urban crisis. The word "brownstone" became a slang term for heroin, perhaps best immortalized in Guns N' Roses' 1987 song "Mr. Brownstone," but also evident in the Velvet Underground's 1967 song "I'm Waiting for the Man," where Lou Reed sings about going up to Harlem to meet his dealer, "Up to a brownstone, up three flights of stairs / Everybody's pinned you, but nobody cares." The drug trade fueled enormous amounts of crime, further dragging down cities' reputations and driving out those who could afford to leave.
As with alcohol in the 1920s, when Prohibition was foisted on cities by small towns, today's anti-drug policies are most popular among white suburban and rural conservatives. Urban voters, who bear the brunt of the damage of America's misguided drug policies, are more liberal and likely to favor reforms like marijuana legalization and needle exchanges, but just like their predecessors who opposed Prohibition, they are forced to acquiesce to the federal war on drugs. We can even see the same pattern in ultra-liberal Netherlands, where the national government wants to restrict the sale of cannabis to foreigners, against the wishes of Amsterdam (although Rotterdam has not been so tolerant).
It's no coincidence that Vancouver is both North America's leader in urbanism and hard drug policy, having fought the Canadian federal government to win the latter distinction. It's bred "Vancouverism," a distinct architectural and urbanist genre, and was also the first city on the continent to open a legal supervised injection center, where heroin and cocaine users can shoot up in the presence of medical professionals, safe from the threat of overdose and arrest.
And lest we label drug use as solely a drag on cities, we should remember that intoxicants have had some positive cultural side effects. The mixed race, mixed gender urban speakeasies of the 1920s were instrumental in moving America in a more tolerant direction, as were the acid-dropping, pot-smoking hippies of the '60s and '70s. Centered around the Haight-Ashbury neighborhood of San Francisco, the movement and its drug use have been credited with similar social innovations, inspiring no less than Steve Jobs and Aldous Huxley. (I could just as easily write the same article about sex, emphasizing the urban roots of the gay rights movement, from the Castro to Christopher Street.)
Would it be a stretch to say that today's drug-fueled raves and hip-hop shows are to this generation what underground jazz clubs were to people growing up in the 1920s? North Philadelphia's heroin-soaked "Badlands" and nearby thoroughfares may at first glance seem like a drug- and sex-addled hellscape with no redeeming value, but it's also one of the most accepting neighborhoods. White, black, and Hispanic, gay, straight, and transsexual – they all get along, driven by the common pursuit of sex, drugs, and money.
But the old "poor druggy cities, rich clean suburbs" paradigm is eroding. The suburbs are beginning to see poverty, and rural areas have recently given birth to two bonafide drug trends, OxyContin and methamphetamine. "Brownstone" is starting to make people think more Park Slope Coop and less dimebags of dope, and attitudes towards drugs are inching in a more liberal direction. Marijuana legalization seems to be on the horizon in California and the West, and hard drug users are at least hearing more rhetoric about being treated less punitively. It remains to be seen how far both urbanism and drug reform will go, but as the two issues dissociate from each other, we may begin to see more rational dialog on both cities and drugs.
Not to be confused with Space Ghost
The Space Coast is a region in the U.S. state of Florida around the Kennedy Space Center (KSC) and Cape Canaveral Air Force Station. All of NASA-launched manned spaceflights (running from Project Mercury in 1961 to the end of the Space Shuttle program in 2011) have departed from either KSC or Cape Canaveral. The Air Force Station has also launched unmanned military and civilian rockets. Cities in the area include Titusville, Cocoa, Rockledge, Cape Canaveral, Merritt Island (unincorporated), Cocoa Beach, Melbourne, Indialantic, Palm Bay, and Viera (unincorporated). Most of the area lies within Brevard County. It is bounded on the south by the Treasure Coast, on the west and north by Central Florida (and is economically tied to that region), and on the east by the Atlantic Ocean.
One reason rockets are launched in Florida has to do with the Earth's rotation. The Earth rotates most quickly at the equator, and to take advantage of this, in adding to the orbital velocity of the rocket, it is most beneficial to launch from a southerly location (near the equator). In addition, to take advantage of the direction of rotation of the planet, launching from a location on an easterly coast where there is no inhabited population where debris would land in an emergency would be ideal for both the safety of the people on the ground and for fuel efficiency of the rocket. The only locations in the United States capable of this are on the east coasts of Florida, Texas, and Puerto Rico, but given the high population densities in coastal Texas, South Florida, and Puerto Rico, the Space Coast is the best location when all factors are taken into account.[citation needed]
Space-named landmarks (outside KSC and Cape Canaveral Air Force Station) [ edit ]
Telephone area code [ edit ]
When the region became too heavily populated to be served by only one area code, a local resident Robert Osband (aka Richard Cheshire)[citation needed] discovered that area code 321 was not assigned to any other territory (though it was being considered for the suburban Chicago area).[notes 1] If each number is pronounced individually—"3, 2, 1"—the pronunciation resembles the countdown before liftoff; thus, the resident petitioned for the code to be assigned to the Space Coast region. His efforts were popular among local residents and resulted in success; the new code officially became effective on November 1, 1999.[9][10]
Tourism [ edit ]
The local area is popular with visitors to watch rocket launches in person. Over 100,000 people are believe to have been present in February 2018 for the Falcon Heavy test flight.[11]
See also [ edit ]
Notes [ edit ]
^ This includes most of the county except the Southern portion.
Radio host Hugh Hewitt joined MSNBC's Steve Kornacki Thursday morning to discuss what many have already predicted will happen, including Hewitt, when the GOP descends into Cleveland for their convention in July: a contested convention. Not only that, but Hewitt said that there's no way Donald Trump gets to 1,237 delegates, even with the rosiest of scenarios for the slate of northeastern primaries next Tuesday, Indiana in May, and California in June. There are 15 states left in the GOP primary season.
Hewitt said he went state-by-state and gave Trump very generous amounts of delegates in his projection, including 51 of 57 of Indiana's slate. Trump needs 392 delegates to clinch the nomination. Hewitt said Trump probably wouldn't get any delegates in Nebraska, South Dakota, or Montana, which means in 14 out of the 15 contests left, the billionaire would only get 273–and it's doubtful he will do well in California, in which he would need to win 119 of the 172 delegates in that contest. He added that it's doubtful that Trump would get any more than 100 by the time Cruz, Trump, and Kasich duke it out in The Golden State, unless a “political asteroid” occurs.
Kornacki asked about whether Trump's momentum by dominating the Northeastern primaries and heading into California would incentivize or convince Republicans in the state to accept the inevitable and clear a path for the billionaire. Hewitt said that's not going to happen, being a California native for 25 years and seeing how elections are run. If anything, you've seen Trump's team being outworked in Wyoming and other smaller-scale contests. You could see this on a grand scale in California, where congressional districts allocate 159 of those delegates. Sen. Ted Cruz (R-TX) has people on the ground in those districts; his delegate slates have all been filled with high-profile people, according to Hewitt. The same could be said for Pennsylvania.
Another thing Hewitt mentioned was Trump's statement that he wants to change the Republican Party platform on the life issue, which drew the ire of major players in Indiana–a hardcore pro-life state. Hewitt added that these missteps could cost him, even though Trump remains the frontrunner, and that there is a path to 1,237 for Trump. But don't bet the mortgage on it. There's probably going to be multiple ballots, and Trump is probably not going to win. If he does, he would be the weakest frontrunner in the modern era. On the flip side, Cruz isn't that much better, and I doubt he would fare any differently in areas of the country where elections are decided. Republicans might do better down-ticket with Cruz as our nominee, but it's time to face facts. Whoever wins the nomination still has a very difficult electoral map to navigate, even without Trump.
Yet, everything this election cycle has been unpredictable. Let's see what happens. Latest poll has Trump leading by double-digits in California.
Embarrassing text messages got a musical twist on Friday's edition of The Tonight Show, with vocal stylings by Gwyneth Paltrow and Jimmy Fallon.
The pair took part in a game of “First Textual Experience,” where they sang renditions of (unfortunate) text exchanges between potential romantic interests.
WANT MORE? Keep up with all the latest late-night coverage by subscribing to our newsletter. Head here for more details.
One suitor opened by typing out lyrics from Lionel Richie's “Hello,” which was met with poor results, instead of while another tried to duck out of a conversation by replying with a “SERVICE 404 ERROR.”
But the best/worst one might be the person who accidentally typed “Manboobs” instead of “Monday” while asking someone out. Watch (and listen) to Fallon and Paltrow do all their renditions below.
Egypt extended Saturday its participation in the Saudi-led Arab coalition carrying out air strikes on Iran-backed Shiite rebels in Yemen for another six months, the presidency said.
"The National Defence Council agreed to prolong the participation of (Egyptian) troops engaged in a combat mission" in the Gulf, the Red Sea and the Bab al-Mandab Strait, a statement said.
At the beginning of May, the authorities renewed the mandate by three months, and Saturday's statement said the current one will "last for six months, or until the end of the combat mission" if that happens first.
It said the purpose of the mission was to "defend Egyptian and Arab national security".
President Abdel Fattah al-Sisi has previously said that Cairo's objective is to secure navigation in the Red Sea and through the strategic strait, which gives access to the Suez Canal, a key source of revenue.
Egyptian air forces have been involved in the coalition since the first strikes were launched on March 26 against the Huthi rebels who have seized much of Yemen's territory.
Short link:
AUGUSTA — Advocates for drug law reform will hold a news conference Thursday at the State House to announce their support for a bill that would regulate and tax marijuana in a manner similar alcoholic beverages.
The ACLU of Maine will join members of the Legislature, the Marijuana Policy Project and other advocates of “sensible drug law reform” at noon at the State House Welcome Center, according to the ACLU.
“Arrests for small amounts of marijuana funnel people into the criminal justice system unnecessarily, fill our jails and prisons with nonviolent people and tear Maine families apart for no good reason,” said Shenna Belllows, ACLU executive director. “There are far more important things to focus our limited resources on than locking up people who pose no threat to society.”
Others supporters expected to be there include Rep. Diane Russell, D-Portland; Rep. Aaron Libby, R-North Waterboro; David Boyer, political director of Marijuana Policy Project; and Denny Galludet, retired bank president and superintendent.
Share
So how do we build a young audience? Of course I need to offer ideas, first because I've said (and here, too) that building a young audience should be the highest priority for classical music. And, second, because I can help you do that, if you hire me as a consultant. So I need to show how I can help.
To build a young audience, we need to do three things: (1) change the way we present classical music (2) change the repertoire we play, and (3) play better. I'm sure that last will be controversial! But let me address these points one by one.
How should we change our presentation? You might be expecting me to say we should add lighting and videos, explain our music to our new audience, or maybe draw parallels between the great composers of the past and things in present-day life. (“Liszt was a rock star!”)
But in fact I'm not the greatest fan of these things. I've seen them done well — wonderful lighting changes, for instance, at a performance of the Pastoral Symphony at the University of Maryland. And I can't object to the explanations I've given in many, many places, for instance when I co-programmed and hosted a concert series (for a new audience) with the Pittsburgh Symphony.
But I think we need to avoid a few things. We need to avoid lecturing our audience, attempting to educate it (before it asks for information), looking down on it, patronizing it, and — above all else! — apologizing to it. Apologizing is what I think we do if we tell everyone that, hey, they can understand Liszt, because in his time he was like a rock star. Sure, there's truth in that. But if we stress it too much, aren't we saying — in our subtext — something like, “We know you don't care about Liszt, but look! Here's something you might like! Something you can understand, even if you don't know anything about classical music!”
I find that more than a little feeble. What matters much more, I think, is that we care about Liszt, and not because women in his time ran to grab cigar butts he threw away, and then wore them like treasured jewelry around their necks. We care about Liszt because we love his music. The cigar butt thing, well, it's a great story, but if we didn't love the music, we wouldn't be telling it. So let's start with loving the music.
(And to jump ahead to how and why we should play better — if we really understood the cigar butt story, we'd understand that we have to play Liszt really wildly, giving his music the kind of gut-sexy knockout power that Elvis had when he was young. Which — let's be honest here — is something we almost never hear.)
So that's the main thing that has to change in our presentation — we have to give concerts in which our love for what we're doing just jumps off the stage. That doesn't happen now. Walk into the hall for a standard classical concert — at a major orchestra, let's say — and what do you see? What do you feel? You're not going to tell me that (on the overwhelming majority of nights) there's any buzz of excitement in the hall, any spark of excitement. The audience is well-behaved, sedate. Sitting calmly, in a kind of comfortable passivity, ready to receive whatever it's offered.
(And, of course, if you're young, this is an audience far older than you are, an audience not like you at all. Not many tattoos in it! Which, people in the older audience might say, shouldn't be an impediment, because what matters is the music. Until, that is, they go to a hiphop show (if that ever happened), and suddenly they're the odd ones out, the people in an uneasily unfamiliar setting, in which nobody is like them.)
Onstage — thinking again of an orchestra concert — the musicians sit (typically, anyway, in the US), talking to each other, noodling on their instruments, ignoring the audience.
Oh, and the program, the music to be played — why this music, why play it tonight, why play it in the way they're going to play it? These questions aren't addressed. Again the audience is expected to be passive. The program notes tell you all sorts of things about the history and structure of the pieces, but not why they matter, right here, right now, played the way they're going to be played.
(Also, of course the musicians' bios, in the program book — dead, dead, dead, blank lists of achievements and distinctions, phrased in a way no living human could care about, absolutely unreadable, giving no hint that (just for instance) tonight's soloist has even the faintest love for music.)
None of this will fly, in our current culture. It's not the way we live now. We want to participate, be part of things, be told what's going on, feel like we matter, that our presence and participation makes a difference. A survey I was told about, conducted in the 1990s, asked people in their 20s why they didn't go to classical concerts, and one big answer was that their presence didn't matter. The concert would happen in exactly the same way, no matter who was there.
We have to change all this. In a dozen, twenty, a hundred ways, we have to create an environment in which people come to a concert, feel a buzz, see musicians who plainly care that the audience is there. And know that the music is being played for a reason. Again thinking of an orchestra: it'll be clear that the conductor, the musicians, the soloist, the board and staff of the orchestra, and other people in the audience love the music, think it matters, can and do say why it matters, at the concert, before the concert, after the concert, in the hall, in the lobby, on the orchestra's website, on Facebook and Twitter, throughout the city, everywhere.
Each piece has not just a reason, but a goal. What's supposed to happen in a performance? What makes the piece hard or easy to play? What's the principal oboist's favorite passage? What passage scares the violas, because it's so difficult? What place in each piece makes the orchestra most thrilled? One of my Juilliard students, years ago, said something wonderful about the Brahms first symphony. He's a trumpet player, and said that for him, the moment that showed the meaning of the symphony came in the last movement, when the horns play their famous passage in C major. He said he'd sit there waiting for that, and be thrilled each time he heard it.
That's the kind of information we need about every piece that's played. Things that matter to the people presenting the music (including, as I said, nonmusicians like the orchestra's staff and board), things the audience can listen for, and see if they feel the way the concert presenters feel.
Now, how this is done is another story. Another post. A book, even. And there's no one answer, especially because we're going to be doing these things all season long, every season, for every piece, for every concert, for the orchestra (or whatever classical music institution or soloist or ensemble or presenter) even when there's no particular concert we're talking about.
And of course we want the audience to participate. So we'll offer endless opportunities for that. Chances to comment. To remix the music. To compose! Jon Deak, former assistant principal bass player of the NY Philharmonic, gives workshops in which he teaches children and adults to compose. The results — I've seen it myself, done one of the workshops with him — are beyond miraculous. People with no knowledge of music compose pieces, using whatever notation they can, often graphic notation.
When musicians on hand play the pieces, the pieces sound different from each other. They have character. I sat, when I did the workshop, with the executive director of a major orchestra, someone who'd come to that position from the business world, someone with no musical training. He got so excited writing music, for the first time in his life, that I — designated as his partner (the pieces were written by teams of two) — was relegated to the role of scribe, writing down his ideas as quickly as he came up with them (which was impossible, because ideas poured out of him so fast).
So do workshops like this, and then play the resulting pieces on your programs. Play works by high school kids. Student composers. A five-minute piece by the most famous composer alive, added to tonight's program without a word said in advance.
Put Beethoven's Seventh Symphony on your website — several performances, in different styles. Bookmark crucial passages. Keep it there for weeks before you play it. Invite your audience (or, for that matter, anyone at all, anyone in your town, anyone from anywhere in the world) to comment. Which performance do they like best? Why? Which passages do they like? What's at stake in each passage? Which performance renders each passage in the best way?
Not that there are single answers to those questions! Get your audience debating. Let them recreate these passages at home, on guitars, keyboards, kazoos, banging on pots, whatever. Put these renderings online. If there's a good youth orchestra around, maybe they can play the piece. Put their version online. Invite them to join your players in a performance of the piece. Now the hall is full of their parents and friends.
If you're doing a world premiere, have members of your audience get to know the composer, months before the concert. Let them email with her, talk to her via Skype and telephone, bring her to your town and let them meet her. Get to know the piece as it's being written, and later when it's being rehearsed. Get to know the composer's other pieces.
When the premiere happens, let these audience members present it. Write the program notes. Talk about it from the stage. Send email — their own email in their own words — to everybody on your email list, saying why they like the piece. Or don't like it. Or don't like it, but understand why it should be played. Let them talk about it everywhere in your town.
I'll stop here. I think you get the point. We can make concerts so exciting — including those, when very serious music is played, when everyone just sits their, raptly listening. After all the participation we've given them a chance to have, they'll be a thousand times more prepared for rapt and silent contemplation. Because they'll hear everything more vividly.
I'd love to work in a classical music world that functions in the ways I'm describing. I'd love to go to the concerts. And this is just the beginning of the changes we need to make!
One small proof of concept: At one point, I worked with the Pittsburgh Symphony, leading conversations with members of their audience, after concerts.
At one point, the PSO replicated a British competition called the Masterprize, a composers' competition in which an audience could vote on which of three finalists it liked.
So that happened in Pittsburgh. The PSO opened a concert by playing the three final pieces from the Masterprize, each about 10 minutes long. At intermission, the audience could vote, pick the piece it liked best. Which then would be repeated, at the end of the evening.
And what happened in the conversations after the concert? The people in them were more excited, more aroused than they'd ever been. And they'd listened very carefully. When I asked which piece they'd chosen, they answered in great detail, citing specific passages to tell me why. That had never happened before, not when they'd hated an atonal piece the orchestra played, not when they'd loved a soloist in standard repertoire. The bar was now set higher. They'd really listened, and remembered what they heard.
Two people even voted for a piece that wasn't their favorite. They guessed — correctly — that their favorite piece would win. But they'd also liked another piece, and wanted it to have some glory. So they voted for it.
Again, I did several conversations like this, and never saw the people who came to them even remotely this excited. And about new music, which they'd never shown an interest in before!
Suggestive evidence, I'd say, that participation makes an audience more engaged, and not just in personal ways. They have a deeper connection to the music — which is what we want to encourage, isn't it?
The Industrial revolution can perhaps be characterized as a transition from humanised handicraft to mechanized manufacture, as actuated by a complex structure of successive and interweaving technological innovations. But, what spurred such technological advancement remains contentious. What is it about the 18th Century that made it distinctively amenable to such technical change? And, importantly, what was the role of pure science and scientific thought on influencing such tremendous and manifestable technological improvements?
The English historian Thomas Ashton, in his 1948 book The Industrial Revolution, emphasizes the impact of scientific thought as major driver for the Industrial Revolution. “The stream of English scientific thought, issuing from the teachings of Francis Bacon, and enlarged by the genius of Boyle and Newton, was one of the main tributaries of the industrial revolution.”, he writes. England had already had its fair and perhaps disproportionately large share of scientific luminaries and thinkers in the 17th and 18th centuries, prior to the Industrial Revolution. “Newton indeed was too good a philosopher and scholar to care whether or not the ideas he gave to the world were immediately useful, but the belief in the possibility of achieving industrial progress by the method of observation and experiment came into the 18th century largely through him.”
The scientific thinkers of the day were hugely connected to prominent industrial figures. Charles Darwin's paternal grandfather, Erasmus Darwin, and his maternal grandfather, Josiah Wedgwood are known to have been influential leaders of the Industrial revolution. Erasmus Darwin was a very eminent physician, scientist, and botanist. He gained renown blending arts, science, medicine, physics, and technology. He recognized the role of heredity in disease, applied scientific principles to medical practice, and wrote extensively on botany, distinguishing himself rather especially in this field. Josiah Wedgwood was an English potter who gained tremendous renown by greatly improving the craft of pottery and ceramics. He is largely credited with industrializing the manufacture of pottery.
In 1766, Erasmus Darwin, Josiah Wedgwood, and a number of intellectual Englishmen the likes of which included the metal manufacturer Matthew Boulton and the steam engine builder James Watt, founded the Lunar Society of Birmingham. It started as an informal group of scientists, physicians, philosophers, inventors, and industrialists and it carried such a peculiar name because meetings were conducted monthly at the full moon such that by the end of the meetings, there would be enough light to direct the members back home through the unlit streets of Birmingham. The preacher chemist Joseph Priestley, one of the founding members and discoverer of Oxygen, in describing the Lunar Society's motives, said: “We were united by a common love of science, which we though sufficient to bring together persons of all distinctions, Christians, Jews, Mohametans, and Heathens, Monarchists, and Republicans.” The Society sought to blend scientific utility with industrial gain by deriving practical benefits from scientific knowledge. It also had certain political aspirations of commitment to political reform and institution of social order. Chiefly, however, the society aimed to improve the natural world through science.
By consistently looking for ways to intrude the practical applications of novel scientific ideas into manufacturing, transportation, mining, and medicine, the members of the Lunar Society, energized by innovation and powered by the scientific principles of questioning authority and clearing up new paths, had played an immense role in bringing about the Industrial Revolution. In 1780, Samuel Crompton, a member of the Lunar Society, innovated the spinning mule, a machine which permitted an enormously increased rate of high quality thread manufacture, revolutionizing the spinning of cotton and tremendously easing factory output. James Watt harnessed steam power, designing and building the first practical steam engine which decoupled human labour and provided a reliable source of motive power for factory systems. Steam power essentially powered the Industrial revolution and paved the way for railroad and thus effective land transportation, ushering in an agricultural revolution. Concomitant advances in mechanization led to John Wilkinson's gun-barreling machine and Henry Maudslay's screw-cutting lathe.
It was clear that such synergism of pure science and industry, as mediated by the Lunar Society and as propelled by the resulting cascade of incremental technical advances, was a defining factor in instigating the Industrial Revolution.
Advertisements
There are a lot of open tryouts this year…but then that is because we have a lot of clubs coming on to the Washington soccer scene for adults. So here is a post combining the info for as many of them as we could find. After the date listed you can click the club involved to go to more information. (League team plays in.)
Good luck everyone!
Have dates or corrections for us? Send to: goalWA@gmail.com
March 1-2…WestSound FC Men (EPLWA)
March 6, 13…Seattle Stars FC (EPLWA)
March 8-9…Seattle Sounders FC (MLS) hosted by Sounders U-23 (PDL)
March 8-9…Seattle Reign FC (Women) (NWSL)
March 8-9…Spokane Shadow (EPLWA)
March 8…Vancouver Victory FC (EPLWA)
March 8…Yakima United FC (EPLWA)
March 14…Issaquah SC (Women) (WPSL)
March 15…AC Seattle (Women) (WPSL)
March 15-16…Wenatchee United FC (EPLWA)
March 15-16…South Sound FC (EPLWA)
March 15 & 22…Bellingham United FC (EPLWA)
March 22-23…Seattle Sounders Women (W-League)
March 22-23…Puget Sound Gunners (PDL)
Not listed / Info not available yet:
Washington Crossfire (PDL)
Already held:
Kitsap Pumas (PDL)
Spartans Futbol Club (NPSL)
February 22-23…Inter United FC (NPSL)
goalWA.net Local Soccer News is sponsored by Pro Roofing Northwest, Kirkland, Bellevue, Seattle, Redmond, Woodinville, Federal Way, Everett, Snohomish, Issaquah, Renton, Kent, Bothell, Edmonds Washington roofing company.
Advertisements
The bidding price for a bribe to get a gun permit in New York City was quoted at $6,000 this week in a federal criminal complaint. A regular visitor to the Police Department's licensing bureau claimed that he had gotten licenses 150 times over the last year, waving the prospect of $900,000 in future cash under the nose of a police officer wearing a tape recorder.
In one instance, the visitor had gotten a gun license for a man who had been the subject of four domestic violence complaints and a forgery arrest, and involved in multiple car accidents.
With political campaigns sweeping in billions, with major banks tricking their customers out of vast fortunes, a $6,000 bribe seems quaint. But the human scale of graft, through history, helps us understand the synergy of greed and appetite, hassle and necessity.
That said, past results, of course, are no indication of future performance.
Driver's licenses and car titles:
Clerks at a Bronx office of the Department of Motor Vehicles once sold a license for driving heavy trucks to a man with no legs. They also sold two licenses to another man, one in which he was photographed wearing a wig, and the other without it. Car titles and registrations, handy for thieves, ran $1,500; driver's licenses could go for $100, more or less, depending on the desperation of the customer. During a 1991 case, the entire Bronx office was shut down for employee arrests.
Fifa has been rocked further as Sepp Blatter and Jérôme Valcke, its two most senior figures, were accused of a "politically motivated" subversion of the presidential election process by one of the men suspended in the ethics committee inquiry.
Jack Warner was the vice-president who had spent almost 30 years on Fifa's executive committee until his provisional suspension on Sunday. Now, having warned of "a football tsunami" ahead of this week's election, he threatens to tear Fifa apart from within, challenging his suspension through the courts.
As a first step he has opened a front on Valcke, who is Fifa's top mandarin as its general secretary. Warner has disclosed an incendiary email in which Valcke discussed the presidential election campaign of the Qatari Fifa executive-committee member Mohamed bin Hammam, who was suspended on Sunday. In the message Valcke appears to accuse Qatar of "buying" the World Cup.
"'For MBH, I never understood why he was running,'" Valcke's email states. "'If really he thought he had a chance or just being an extreme way to express how much he does not like any more JSB [Blatter]. Or he thought you can buy Fifa as they [Qatar] bought the WC."
Valcke has confirmed the email but said it has been quoted selectively. "It was a private email and we will discuss it," Valcke said on Monday. "He sent me an email asking if I want that [Bin Hammam to run], he said I should ask Bin Hammam to pull out."
Qatar released a statement, denying any wrongdoing. It read: "Qatar 2022 categorically deny any wrong doing in connection with their winning bid. We are urgently seeking clarification from Fifa about the statement from their general secretary. In the meantime we are taking legal advice to consider our options."
Valcke's comments to Warner about Bin Hammam cast doubt on his own impartiality in the election process. According to Warner's statement Valcke, who is known to believe that he would be dismissed from Fifa were Bin Hammam to have won Wednesday's election, added in the email: "I have a bet since day one, he will withdraw but on June 1st after his 10 min speech.
"He will get some votes. Less than 60 today after CAF support. It will be the 'coup de grace' if you would officially send a message as the Concacaf president by saying Concacaf supports unanimously. So I am not giving you an advice but just my feeling about what I think is the situation."
Warner, the then Concacaf president, refused to offer that support. He claims what followed was evidence of the political "bias" of Fifa's administration in favour of the incumbent president, since it was Valcke who set the ball rolling on the inquiry that has led to the suspensions of Bin Hammam and Warner. "The complaints made in this matter are politically motivated against Mr Bin Hammam and me and are designed, among other things, to cause serious prejudice and damage to both Mr Bin Hammam and myself at one of the most critical times for the Fifa," Warner said.
Warner's statement was prepared under legal advice and his case against Fifa will seek to discredit the principal accuser in the ethics committee inquiry. Concacaf's general secretary, Chuck Blazer, ordered the Collins & Collins report into Warner and Bin Hammam's conduct, which formed the basis of the ethics committee decision on Sunday.
"It is informative for one to look at Mr Blazer's credibility by referring to the report of the New York district court judge in the matter between Master Card and Visa in the Fifa matter of 7 December 2006," wrote Warner, before citing the court decision.
"Mr Blazer's testimony was generally without credibility based on his attitude and demeanour on his evasive answers on cross-examination ... Thus, for that reason and based on his evasive answers and his attitude and demeanour, Mr Blazer's testimony as the 14 March 2006 Marketing & TV AG Board meeting is rejected as fabricated."
The final strand of Warner's attack on the events that led to his suspension on Sunday is against Blatter. Warner accuses Blatter of apportioning Fifa funds for his own political ends in the final weeks before Wednesday's election. "I also indicated that at the Miami Concacaf congress on 3 May Mr Blatter made a gift of $1m to Concacaf to spend as it deems fit," Warner said. "This annoyed [Uefa's] president Michel Platini who was present and he approached Valcke complaining that Mr Blatter had no permission from the finance committee to make this gift to which Jérôme [sic] replied that he will find the money for Mr Blatter."
The president of a Concacaf federation, in Zurich for a special caucus of the Caribbean, Central and North American confederation, has confirmed that this award had been made. It was in favour of two Goal projects of the confederation's choosing.
In the half-century since New York Times v. Sullivan, the United States has often held itself up to the world as a beacon for the free press. American libel law, the theory goes, protects writers and publishers better than the laws of countries like Britain, where it's easier to win a libel judgment. Yet giant jury awards don't topple publications in the United Kingdom: The country has an unofficial damages cap of about £250,000 (plus legal fees). British publishers can, in essence, treat compensating someone whose reputation they have harmed as a cost of doing business. And it's less risky for them to apologize for a story that turns out to be wrong. “There are limits on damages for malpractice suits against doctors,” says Robert Post, dean of the Yale Law School. “Why not for journalists?”
It's tempting to treat Gawker's demise as unique or deserved. But that's a false form of reassurance, a former editor of the site, Tom Scocca, argued in August. Every publication “is prepared to absorb the damage when it makes a mistake,” he wrote on Gawker. “What Thiel's covert campaign against Gawker did was to invisibly change the terms of the risk calculation.” The lesson, Scocca told his readers, is that “you live in a country where a billionaire can put a publication out of business.”
What's new here are two forces squeezing journalism like pincers. The first is a figure like Thiel, willing to place bets on lawsuit after lawsuit until he hits on a winning combination of facts, judge and jury. The second is the public's animosity toward the press, now fueled by the soon-to-be president. Juries tend to reflect public sentiment and have recently penalized not just an irreverent new-media site like Gawker, but also a newspaper doing investigative work. In September, The News & Observer, which is more than 100 years old, went to trial over a libel claim brought by a former state ballistics agent in North Carolina, who sued regarding two articles from 2010 that included suspicions, by independent firearms experts, that she had falsified evidence to help prosecutors win a murder trial. The agent said that the suspicions were untrue and that she was effectively being accused of a crime. The News & Observer stands by its reporting. But the jury found against the paper and ordered it to pay about$9 million; the amount exceeded the state's cap on damages and is likely to be lowered to $6 million. The News & Observer plans to appeal.
In the week before the election, Seth Stevenson, a writer for Slate, followed the Trump campaign, which meant sitting in the pen where reporters were confined at rallies. He realized that the pen's function was to turn the press into a prop. “Behold,” he imagined Trump saying to his fans. “I've rounded up a passel of those elites you detest. And I've caged them for you!”
Trump has continued to treat the press as a prop, or a punching bag, since his election. The weekend after his victory, he railed against The New York Times on Twitter for its “poor and highly inaccurate coverage of the ‘Trump phenomena.' ” Trump thrives on media attention, but it's also clear that as the press sinks in the public's estimation, any tough coverage of him will come to seem less credible. The media also serves as an all-purpose receptacle for blame. Asked on “60 Minutes” why African-Americans, immigrants and Muslims have expressed fear of his presidency, Trump didn't reckon with any of his own statements. He said, “I think it's built up by the press.”
Whatever Trump's feelings about the media, New York Times v. Sullivan will surely survive his presidency. The case is revered, and in the last several years, the Supreme Court has moved to expand, not contract, the reach of the First Amendment. And states have taken steps, too: To prevent people from using the courts, and the discovery process, to silence or retaliate against their critics, 28 states and the District of Columbia have enacted anti-Slapp laws — the acronym stands for “strategic lawsuit against public participation.” It's possible, however, that Trump could appoint judges who would find a way around the usual press protections. More immediately, he could ask his Justice Department to prosecute journalists who report leaks from his administration. (President Obama's Justice Department investigated reporters, but didn't charge them.) It's also possible that the press will be a meeker watchdog because of subtler changes that are harder to track. As the head of the executive branch, the president exerts a great deal of control over access to information. Federal agencies have power to shape the State of the Union; they also describe it for us by producing reams of facts and statistics, which in turn shape our assessment of our elected leaders. Trump could hire people who cancel funding for government reports or research that doesn't serve his interests, or who suppress findings the administration doesn't like.
The new president will be a man who constantly accuses the media of getting things wrong but routinely misrepresents and twists facts himself. “Their single goal will be to burnish their reputation,” Tim O'Brien predicts of the Trump administration. There are signs, too, of new efforts to harness the law to the cause of cowing the press. Trump's choice for chief adviser, Stephen Bannon, ran the alt-right Breitbart News Network before joining Trump's campaign last summer. Breitbart announced last week that it was “preparing a multimillion-dollar lawsuit against a major media company” for calling Breitbart a “ ‘white nationalist' website.” Even if Breitbart is bluffing, the threat will discourage other news outlets from using that term to describe it, and that will in turn help Breitbart and Bannon seem more acceptable to the mainstream. Trump was right about one thing: You don't have to win every case to advance in the larger legal war.
The driver, 32, has been arrested after a car ploughed into 19 pedestrians on Flinders Street.
A second man, 24, was initially arrested but police have since said he has no links to the incident.
Victoria Police are currently attending the scene of the incident between Elizabeth Street and Swanston Street.
0:00 Victorian police: Suspect has a history of mental illness 00:00 / 00:00 Share Share on Twitter
Share on Facebook
Police officers will remain at the scene for the foreseeable future - at least until 7am tomorrow.
Police say the driver of the vehicle, was arrested by an off-duty police officer.
MORE COVERAGE: FLINDERS STREET WITNESSES SPEAK IN AFTERMATH
AAP
Police said the driver, an Australian citizen of Afghani descent, had a history of mental illness and did not have links to terrorism. He was taken to hospital and remains under police guard.
"The officer sustained shoulder and hand injuries during the arrest and has been conveyed to hospital," a police spokesman said on Thursday night.
Police said the driver was the only person inside the vehicle during the incident.
Nineteen pedestrians were injured in the incident and all were taken to hospital. Two others were also treated for non-collision related injuries.
Among those injured were five men, six women and one four-year-old boy.
Victorian Premier Daniel Andrews said the incident was an 'act of evil and cowardice'.
0:00 00:00 / 00:00 Share Share on Twitter
Share on Facebook
He praised police for being on scene within seconds of the incident occurring.
“Stay safe, check on your loved ones and thank you to our brave emergency services,” he tweeted earlier in the day.
Commander Russell Barret told media earlier today that police suspected the act was ‘deliberate' however the motive was unclear.
“Police will continue to have a strong presence in the Melbourne CBD tonight,” Commander Barrett said.
As you will know, there's been a horrible incident on Flinders St. Police have secured the scene and will provide info as it's confirmed. Please avoid the area. Trains running but trams affected. Stay safe. Check on your loved ones. And thank you to our brave emergency services. — Daniel Andrews (@DanielAndrewsMP) December 21, 2017
“People may have items and vehicles within the crime scene. At this stage, they will not be able to be retrieved until the crime scene is reopened.
“We understand that this has been a very traumatic event… and there will be witnesses, victims and family members affected.”
“We believe based on what we have seen that it is a deliberate act.
Officer Creina O'Grady said police have saturated the CBD area following the incident.
SBS News
“The incident occurred when the vehicle struck a number of pedestrians in front of Flinders Street Station just after 4.30pm,” she said.
The extent of the pedestrians' injuries is unknown at this stage but includes a pre-school aged child with head injuries.
7 News
Police are asking any witnesses to go to the Melbourne West Police Station at 313 Spencer Street, Melbourne and all vehicular and pedestrian traffic have been asked to avoid the area.
Police are currently attending an incident on Flinders Street between Elizabeth and Swanston streets where a vehicle has collided with a number of pedestrians. Police have arrested the driver of the car. Extent of injuries are not known at this stage. (1/2) — Victoria Police (@VictoriaPolice) December 21, 2017
Police are asking any witnesses to go to the Melbourne West Police Station at 313 Spencer Street, Melbourne and all vehicular and pedestrian traffic to avoid the area. (2/2) — Victoria Police (@VictoriaPolice) December 21, 2017
"People are running everywhere. It's terrible."
Witnesses explain what's happening outside Flinders Street Station https://t.co/YlgnmSd99ypic.twitter.com/Losw7UhTEE — 3AW Melbourne (@3AW693) December 21, 2017
Emergency crews rushed to the scene to help attend to the injured.
Ambulance Victoria said in a statement: “Paramedics were called to a report of pedestrians hit by a car at the corner of Elizabeth Street and Flinders Street at 4.41pm this afternoon. Paramedics are on scene.”
Melbourne city's public transport system went into lock-down after the incident.
"Due to a major incident at the intersection of Elizabeth and Flinders Streets, passengers are advised to defer travel through Flinders Street Station," Metro Trains tweeted.
"Please interchange for services at Southern Cross and City Loop Stations."
UPDATE Flinders Street: Due to a major incident at the intersection of Elizabeth and Flinders Streets, passengers are advised to defer travel through Flinders Street Station. Please interchange for services at City Loop Stations. pic.twitter.com/M4YVMi8Jsv — Metro Trains (@metrotrains) December 21, 2017
All Swanson Street trams between stop 11 Collins St and Stop 14 Arts Precinct were cancelled.
5:15 pm Update - Emergency services request on Flinders St:
- No Swanston St trams are operating between Stop 11 Collins St and Stop 14 Arts Precinct.
- Route 70 trams are operating between Wattle Park and Stop 6 Russell St. (1/3) — Yarra Trams (@yarratrams) December 21, 2017
As our federal & state police & security agencies work together to secure the scene and investigate this shocking incident our thoughts & prayers are with the victims & the emergency & health workers who are treating them. https://t.co/JkUM9TuIQe — Malcolm Turnbull (@TurnbullMalcolm) December 21, 2017
My thoughts are with Australia and the people of Melbourne- such a shocking incident this afternoon. Thinking of all the victims and their families. — Jacinda Ardern (@jacindaardern) December 21, 2017
Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull praised emergency service workers who assisted at the scene.
“As our federal and state police and security agencies work together to secure the scene and investigate this shocking incident, our thoughts and prayers are with the victims and the emergency and health workers who are treating them,” he wrote on Twitter.
'It just mowed everybody down': Witness
7 News
Witnesses told the Herald Sun they saw a white Suzuki hit a number of pedestrians crossing over Flinders St, one of Australia's busiest intersections.
It's understood there was up to 60 people crossing the road at the time - the area was packed with people doing their Christmas shopping.
"The driver was speeding, it was horrific, I can't believe it," one witness claimed.
"There was people's bodies on the ground. I didn't know what to think (sic).
Witness Sue who works at a doughnut shop in the area told 3AW she saw a white car approach the intersection where a lot of people were crossing the street at the time.
‘We turned to the left… we see this white car as it approaches the intersection – it just mowed everybody down… people are flying everywhere,” she said.
“Then we hear this thump…thump… the car must've hit the tram stop in the middle.”
Victoria Police has urged the public to share photos or images of the incident to assist with their investigation here: http://australiauploadserviceweb.cloudapp.net/
A former B.C. Lions player is coming forward with his story of gambling addiction and recovery in the hope he can help others going through a similar experience.
Angus Reid played as an offensive lineman in the CFL for 13 years before retiring in 2014 and says his addiction began as a routine of going to the casino once in awhile with teammates, just for fun. But in 2007, at the midway point of his career, the trips to the casino started to happen more frequently.
"But what happened on the other side of my life was my personal life was really having some issues, and my marriage was falling apart," he said.
"So what started off as a social activity with buddies became an outlet for me to start going on my own and hiding from issues and problems."
The football player and mentor believes his competitive personality and life fuelled his gambling addiction.
"A lot of competitive athletes …. tend to have key personality traits — hyper competitive, stubborn, and they have this crazy belief that they can always will things to win. They can make things happen."
Reid is speaking about his addiction story at a Surrey Board of Trade lunch on Thursday.
'I wouldn't sleep, wouldn't do anything'
Angus Reid says he went to casinos to hide from problems in other parts of his life. (The Associated Press)
Reid says his addiction to gambling grew to such extremes that he would go to the casino after practice ended at 1:30 p.m. and stay there until 7:00 a.m. when the next day's practice started.
"I wouldn't sleep, wouldn't do anything," he said.
In hindsight his behaviour seemed irrational, but Reid says there's no reasoning with someone who's "in an addictive time frame" like he was.
"Nothing makes sense except finding a way to get out of this problem by staying in the problem longer," he said.
"But then you don't know how to get out at all. You don't want to deal with reality. You don't want to look at the numbers. You don't want to be honest with your friends and family."
'There was nowhere to go except home'
Reid says he realized something had to change when he hit rock bottom.
"My marriage was done, and I had no money left, and all I had was massive debt. There was nowhere to go except home."
Angus Reid appeared in three Grey Cup Games, winning twice with the Lions in 2006 and 2011, before retiring in 2014. ( Jeff Vinnick/Getty Images)
His road to recovery began with telling his parents about his addiction — something he had kept hidden since it began in 2007.
"They were on board, and I got through the shame and embarrassment of telling them the truth," he said.
Then, he barred himself from entering casinos by signing up for the BCLC voluntary self-exclusion program.
Ultimately, it was his reputation and status as a public figure that helped him recover.
"I knew I wouldn't be able to handle the embarrassment of being thrown out of the casino in front of these people."
Reid says time away from the casino's bright lights gave him a chance to begin rebuilding his life.
"I was able to regain focus, clarity and re-prioritize my life, which wasn't easy. [it] didn't happen overnight," he said.
"But, eight years later, I consider myself a success story, if you will."
'You just have to ask'
Reid says the hardest step of recovery is realizing the gravity of the situation, and that no one can recover alone.
"If you were able to deal with it on your own, you would have already dealt with it — and you can't."
He says there are many resources available to people who struggle with gambling addiction. Some resources are even available in casinos.
"It is there. It's all around you. You just have to ask."
To listen to the full audio, click the link labelled: BC Lions' Angus Reid opens up about his gambling addiction and recovery.
At a time when loan disbursal and repayment is in the eye of a political storm, a former corporate honcho is charting out pathways to disburse micro-loans worth Rs4.5-5 crore to villagers in the state.
City-based Rangan Varadan, through his venture MicroGraam, is looking at giving small loans worth anywhere between Rs5,000-30,000 to villagers near Haveri, Bagalkot, Belgaum, Rannebennur. His borrowers include farmers, small entrepreneurs and students, who are children of poor farmers.
“We want to reach 100 villages,” he says.
He explains that often the poor are in the need of small loans for either farming, starting their own little enterprises, or education, or even for health emergencies, or buying vehicles.
“The average ticket size of the loans we provide is Rs15,000. The loans could be as low as Rs5,000 or Rs30,000 on the higher side,” says Varadan, who started MicroGraam in 2010, after a 10-year stint with Infosys.
MicroGraam sees a repayment rate of “nearly 100%,” says Varadan, stressing that they give a grace period before the repayment starts. “Depending on the condition of the borrower, the period between payments is extended from weekly to fortnightly or even monthly.”
How does MicroGraam work?
MicroGraam works by tying up with local NGOs and identifying people in need of small loans who are creditworthy.
“Local NGOs have a strong bonding with people and this helps in building trust and confidence, making it easier to carry out our activities,” says Varadan, former head of banking and capital markets at Infosys.
Varadan explains that all borrowers are members of self-help groups (SHGs) that work closely with NGOs. The self-help model helps bring in moral responsibility which, in turn, ensures repayment. Moreover, borrowers are monitored to ensure they make timely repayments.
On the other hand, investors in MicroGraam can be anyone interested in lending any amount, from Rs500 to that running into lakhs through online transactions.
“We have a three-step strategy of garnering investments,” says Varadan, saying they look for retail investors who are willing to invest any amount, high net-worth individuals looking at investing Rs1 lakh or more, and foundations.
According to Varadan, investors can later choose to receive their money back, or reinvest the funds towards other borrowers.
Along with Karnataka, MicroGraam is looking at disbursing loans to villagers in states like Jharkhand, Assam, Tripura, and Tamil Nadu.
I'd never heard of Jacobin magazine before, so I looked it up, and it's characterized by Wikipedia like this:
Jacobin is a quarterly “magazine of culture and polemic” based in New York. Its self-styled raison d'être is as a “leading voice of the American left, offering socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture”. The publication began as an online magazine released in September 2010, but expanded into a print journal later that year.Jacobin has been described by its publisher as a radical publication, “largely the product of a younger generation not quite as tied to the Cold War paradigms that sustained the old leftist intellectual milieus like Dissent or New Politics.”
I was curious because several readers called my attention to an article in Jacobin by Luke Savage (someone I can't find out much about) called “New Atheism, Old Empire.” And its subtitle tells you the point: “The ‘New Atheists' have gained traction because they give intellectual cover to Western imperialism.”
What? That's a new one on me. New Atheists are all engaged in justifying imperialism? I was going to show the header picture, but (probably realizing the falsity of this blanket claim) Jacobin changed the picture since yesterday: it formerly featured a montage of Bill Maher, Lawrence Krauss, Christopher Hitchens, Sam Harris, Dan Dennett, and Richard Dawkins, few of whom could be considered defenders of imperialism. Now only Hitchens is shown.
Savage's piece is a vile and splenetic polemic, centered mainly on Hitchens and Sam Harris, and much is made (and distorted) about their views. Certainly Hitchens did support the invasion of Iraq, but he and Harris are made to look as if they crave an all-out war with the Middle East, with the object of finally ridding the world of Muslims. The piece also attacks New Atheism by making the usual assertion that religion isn't based on truth claims (as the NA's argue), so we're all misguided. Nor, says Savage, is religion a monolith, so you simply can't criticize, say, Islam, as if it were.
I am so tired of writers recycling the same canards about New Atheism, and in the process either willfully or stupidly mischaracterizing religion, that I won't write much about this long article. You can read it for yourself—but do so only if you are of a phlegmatic nature.
Here are a few of Savage's tactics, and I'll give one example of each.
1. Mischaracterizing New Atheists as bloodthirsty and imperialistic. Here's a summary of what Savage thinks:
At face value, and by its own understanding, New Atheism is a reinvigorated incarnation of the Enlightenment scientism found in the work of thinkers like Bacon and Descartes: a critical discourse that subjects religious texts and traditions to rational scrutiny by way of empirical inquiry and defends universal reason against the forces of provincialism. In practice, it is a crude, reductive, and highly selective critique that owes its popular and commercial success almost entirely to the “war on terror” and its utility as an intellectual instrument of imperialist geopolitics. Whereas some earlier atheist traditions have rejected violence and championed the causes of the Left — Bertrand Russell, to take an obvious example, was both a socialist and a unilateralist — the current streak represented by Hitchens, Dawkins, and Harris has variously embraced, advocated, or favorably contemplated: aggressive war, state violence, the curtailing of civil liberties, torture, and even, in the case of the latter, genocidal preemptive nuclear strikes against Arab nations.
The one thing Savage gets right is that what's “new” about New Atheism is its infusion with science and the desire to examine religious doctrines with empiricism and reason. But, as we'll see in a minute, Savage thinks that's a fool's errand.
As for the imperialism and bloodthirstiness of New Atheists, you can get that only by extreme cherry-picking, as in the case of Sam's musings about torture. Those were Gedankenexperiments, of course. And those “genocidal preemptive nuclear strikes”? Another philosophical thought experiment, as are most of the statements that Savage uses to paint Sam as a genocidal maniac. Hitchens was opposed to totalitarianism in all forms, which is the reason he unwisely favored the Iraq war, but favoring the curtailing of civil liberties? Really? Didn't Hitchens stand up against the fatwas and the suppression of the Danish cartoons as violations of freedom of expression?
And Dawkins, of course, is known for being opposed to war in nearly all cases. Dawkins has certainly criticized Islam (and all religions: his book isn't called The Allah Delusion), but I'm not aware of a single instance of his advocating violence to rid the world of faith. Readers can correct me if I'm wrong. Savage's midcharacterization of New Atheism comes through misunderstanding and—>go to #2:
2. Quoting out of context. I've already alluded to several examples involving Harris. Here's another:
In extremely sinister fashion, Harris has mused about the birthrates of European Muslims and the supposed peril of their prolific breeding. The notion of a demographic “threat” posed by Muslims in Europe is easy to debunk empirically. Even if this weren't the case, the sordid subtext of these remarks is confirmed by Harris's favorable treatment of far-right figures, who speak openly of the demographic dangers posed by Muslims. In Letter to a Christian Nation, Harris makes his sympathies explicit, declaring: “With a few exceptions, the only public figures who have had the courage to speak honestly about the threat that Islam now poses to European societies seem to be fascists.”
If Savage really read Harris's book, then he has willfully distorted the last quotation. Did Savage somehow miss that Harris thinks the involvement of right-wingers in criticizing Islam was a bad thing? Sam was of course bemoaning the unholy alliance between New Atheists (most of whom are liberals) and right-wingers when it comes to criticizing Islam. He wants to change that situation and help liberals recognize that Islam is a danger, despite their misguided tendencies to sympathize with Islam as the faith of the underdog. Harris was not being sympathetic to fascism!
3. Characterizing criticism of Islam as “racism”. Savage says this:
Harris, Hitchens, and Dawkins have all rejected the notion that there is anything racist about statements of this kind or the prescriptions that so often follow from them: “Muslims aren't a race,” being by now a particularly worn phrase in the New Atheist rhetorical repertoire. Harris and Hitchens have also dismissed the term “Islamophobia” as a tool for silencing their arguments. According to the latter: “A stupid term — Islamophobia — has been put into circulation to try and suggest that a foul prejudice lurks behind any misgivings about Islam's infallible ‘message.'” Given that “race” is an entirely social construct, with a history that involves the systemic racialization of various national, ethnic, and religious minorities, this defense is extremely flimsy. The excessive focus on Islam as something at once monolithic and exceptionally bad, whose backwards followers need to have their rights in democratic societies suppressed and their home countries subjected to a Western-led civilizing process, cannot be called anything other than racist.
First of all, I reject the notion of “race” as a purely social construct. Human populations differ genetically, and that's what biologists mean by “race”. Of course, as I've said repeatedly, the genetic differences between human populations are not large, and also blur into one another, so that grouping them into distinct “races” is a futile task. But the fact that there are genetically different populations is not therefore a “social construct”. It is a social construct to say “there are x different races and here they are. . “. Nevertheless, if you use lots of genes you can show populations grouping into larger groups that can be statistically distinguished. One could call these “races,” if you're cognizant of what that means and of the blighted history of the term.
But even in that biological sense, Muslims are not a race. Middle Eastern Muslims are genetically different from Indonesian Muslims, and both are genetically different from Somali Muslims. What they have in common is not genetic cohesion, but a common set of beliefs in the dictates of the Qur'an. Criticism of Islam is not criticism of human beings (as is, for example, anti-Semitism) but criticism of their beliefs; and the humans who hold those beliefs don't constitute a “race.” Muslims are no more a race than are Christians or Jews.
And what about Christianity? Sam, after all, wrote Letter to a Christian Nation. He construes Christianity as no more a monolith than is Islam, and is clearly aware that there are differences between sects. But there are commonalities, too, and the commonalities that are harmful are what New Atheists worry about. So are Christians a race? Is criticism of Christianity, which all New Atheists do with regularity, also “racism”? If not, why not? If Savage's argument is carried to its extreme, it renders Islam (and all religions) immune to criticism because anyone so doing can be deemed a racist.
4. Arguing that religion really isn't based on beliefs about what's true. Savage neither mentions a single harm of religion nor even accepts that many religious people do harm based on their understanding of religious doctrine as what God wants—an empirical claim. As he says:
The typical New Atheist text scrutinizes religious myths without attention to, or even awareness of, the multiplicity of social and theological debates they have provoked, the manifold ideological guises their interpreters have assumed, or the secular belief systems they have helped to influence. Moreover, the core assertion that forms the discursive nucleus [JAC note: bad writing!] of books like The God Delusion, God is Not Great, and The End of Faith — namely, that religious texts can be read as literal documents containing static ideas, and that the ensuing practices are uniform — is born out by neither real, existing religion nor by its historical reality as a socially and ideologically heterogeneous phenomenon. As Terry Eagleton puts it in a discussion of God is Not Great: “Hitchens argues earnestly that the Book of Genesis doesn't mention marsupials; that the Old Testament Jews couldn't have wandered for forty years in the desert; that the capture of the huge bedstead of the giant Og, King of Bashan, might never have happened at all, and so on. This is rather like someone vehemently trying to convince you, with fastidious attention to architectural and zoological detail, that King Kong could not possibly have scaled the Empire State Building because it would have collapsed under his weight.” Contrary to the crude epistemology of rational scientism, religions are not rigid “doctrines” that followers obey uniformly, regardless of their social or material contexts.
Yes, Terry Eagleton's view of religion is certainly that of most believers (NOT)! He might as well have quoted Karen Armstrong, too. But why not Pat Robertson, any of the numerous imams who proclaim rigid and harmful interpretations of the Qur'an, or the Christian rightists who have a monolithic opposition to abortion, women's rights, and gay rights? What Savage is doing here is covering with a blanket of fuzzy words the truth that religious doctrine really is in many cases fairly monolithic, often harmful, and frequently differing among sects mainly in degree. You will find relatively few Muslims in the world who espouse gay rights, but you will find many Muslims who don't want to execute gays.
The beginning of the case for New Atheism involves demonstrating that religion is more than a social club, more than a set of metaphorical stories to help teach beneficent morals, more than a way to feel connected to the rest of humanity. It is largely a system of beliefs about what is real, and that is what makes it harmful, for what it thinks is real (including God's will) is false. Yes, even a single faith is heterogenous, but that doesn't make that faith, or moieties of that faith, harmless. Nor does it mean that no religionist acts according to the dictates of their faith. They do. In the end, Savage's attack on New Atheism completely ignores the harm that is done by accepting as real things that are palpably false. He uses the most liberal construals of religion—those of Eagleton or Armstrong—as the kind or religion that fills the world.
He's wrong, of course, and I need not demonstrate that here. If you want to see such a discussion, wait six months and read my book, which begins by showing that many believers actually do see the claims of religion as empirical truths.
It still mystifies me that the Left, which is supposed to embrace Enlightenment values, is so loath to criticize the faiths that continually try to dismantle those values.
Travelers visiting the US may have to prepare for more hassles at customs: All foreign nationals leaving the country at 30 airports must have their fingerprints taken, according to a new amendment to a planned immigration reform bill.
The amendment, which was approved by the Senate Judiciary Committee in a 13-5 vote, will see departure terminals at major US airports – including JFK, LaGuardia and Newark Liberty – equipped with high-tech systems for fingerprinting foreign nationals and scanning their passports and visas.
Introducing the new law will take time, as 10 of the biggest US airports – accounting for 70 percent of international travel – will have the immigration tracking system installed within two years; the 20 other airports will have six years to refurbish their departure areas.
Currently, foreigners are only required to submit their fingerprints when entering the United States.
Not tracking exits is “a hole in the system,” said Senator Orrin Hatch (R-UT), one of the amendment's proponents. "Biometric data provides the government with certainty that travelers (and not just their travel documents) have or have not left the country," the Senator's office said in a statement, according to the Salt Lake Tribune.
The new departure procedure is being introduced in order to prevent foreigners from overstaying their visas. Overstays have become a pressing issue in the US – 40 percent of an estimated 11 million undocumented immigrants arrived through now-expired visas.
Advocates for the provision cite the recent high-profile case of Azamat Tazhayakov. A Kazakhstani, Tazhayakov was a friend of Dzhokhar Tsarnaev, a Boston Marathon bombing suspect, and was charged with obstruction of justice after he allegedly attempted to dispose of possessions belonging to Tsarnaev. Tazhayakov reportedly entered the United States in January on an invalid visa.
However, human rights activists have voiced concerns about “the effect it will have on peoples' privacy rights as well as concerns about selective enforcement ,” Jacqueline Esposito of the New York Immigration Coalition said in an interview with news channel NY1.
“We don't want to see a situation where only people from particular countries may be fingerprinted or other racial profiling taking place ," Esposito added.
An earlier proposal by House Republicans suggested that all of the country's air, sea and land ports should use biometric tracking for foreigners leaving the country. Apart from fingerprinting, the proposed tracking would have included facial recognition and iris scans. The plan, with an estimated cost of $25 billion, was eventually rejected as too expensive.
The immigration reform bill was approved on Tuesday by the Senate Judiciary Committee, much to the satisfaction of President Obama, who had declared the bill a second-term priority. Apart from tightening border controls, it also contains a new program for low-skilled foreign labor, and makes it easier for US firms to hire programmers and engineers from abroad, raising the annual limit of visas for these professions from 65,000 to 180,000. The full Senate will vote on the sweeping legislation next month.
Low-income women are four times more likely than higher-income women to report fair or poor health and nearly twice as likely to report a health condition that limits their basic physical activities, according to a new policy brief from the UCLA Center for Health Policy Research.
These women also experience inadequate access to health insurance and health care to a far greater degree than their higher-income counterparts, the study found.
The research, which examines data from the 2007 California Health Interview Survey (CHIS) represents the most comprehensive overview of the health of California's approximately 3.8 million women between the ages of 18 and 64 who have family incomes below 200 percent of the federal poverty level (FPL).
However, "the data was collected before the recession, and low-income women are particularly vulnerable to downturns in the economy, which means that their status is likely to be even worse today," said Roberta Wyn associate director of the center and co-author of the policy brief, "Health Disparities Among California's Nearly Four A Million Low-Income Nonelderly Adult Women."
"Women, especially in poor families, are often breadwinners whose good health is essential to keeping their families afloat," Wyn said. "Improving the health status of these women is an essential coping strategy for the state as a whole during economic hard times."
According to the study, low-income women are more likely to report a health condition that limits basic physical activities such as walking, climbing stairs, lifting or carrying. They are also more likely to report having difficulty performing basic daily activities, such as dressing, bathing or getting around the house. And mid-life, low-income women have higher rates of diabetes, high blood pressure and heart disease -- three of four chronic health conditions examined in the research.
Despite Medi-Cal, four in 10 low-income women were uninsured for all or part of 2007 -- nearly six times the rate of higher-income women. Lack of access to employment-based insurance, the main source of coverage for most women, was a primary reason. Only two in 10 low-income women (22 percent) were covered by employment-based coverage, while the prohibitively high cost of privately purchased insurance was reflected in the small proportion of low-income women who have it: just 4 percent.
Despite their poorer health status, low-income women also experience significantly greater gaps in access to health care. Specifically:
They are less likely to see a physician: One in five low-income women (20 percent) reported no physician visit in the past year, compared with 8 percent of higher-income women.
They get less preventive screening: Low-income women are the least likely to be screened for cervical and breast cancer, while screening rates increase among higher-income women. One-fifth of low-income women had not received a Pap test in the past three years. Among low-income women between the ages of 40 and 64, one-third had not received a mammogram in the past two years.
Latina and Native American women are the most likely to have limited family incomes. Nearly six in 10 Latinas (58 percent), 47 percent of American Indian/Alaska Native women, 41 percent of African American women, 28 percent of Asian/Pacific Islander women and 29 percent of multiple-race women have low incomes. In comparison, 16 percent of white women are in low-income families.
The policy brief defines low-income women as those whose family incomes range from 0 to 199 percent of the federal poverty level (FPL), a national measure of poverty that varies by family income and family size. Higher-income women are defined as women whose family income is 400 percent of the FPL or greater.
Video: Youths carrying weapons fight in Barking town centre
Police try to calm the situation Archant
This dramatic footage shows police officers pulling apart brawling youths in the town centre. `
Share Email this article to a friend To send a link to this page you must be logged in.
Seven people have now been charged in connection with the incident in East Street, Barking, on Tuesday night which borough commander Sultan Taylor has described as the biggest since the 2011 London riots.
Bizarrely, a woman can be seen attempting to push her pram past the scuffle outside McDonald's before stopping to watch.
Knives, baseball bats, acid and wood containing nails were all seized from youngsters aged in their late teens through to their early 20s.
Police are investigating the possibility that it could have been an organised clash.
Fighting broke out close to Barking Abbey School at about 3.30pm with violence continuing into the town centre, flaring up again at about 5.30pm outside shops in East Street. Crowds didn't fully disperse until three hours later.
Two police officers were injured, although both returned to work yesterday.
Speaking to the Post this afternoon, Chief Supt Taylor played down the incident.
He praised officers for working quickly to secure the area and keep the public safe.
There was an increased police presence in the town centre yesterday night to help reassure residents.
“We have had a lot of positive feedback from the community,” Chief Supt Taylor said.
“We are working in partnership with the council and schools to prevent any further incidents.”
Last Friday, Gravity Falls creator Alex Hirsch tweeted a link to a Tumblr post that revealed what many fans of his cult-favorite animated show had long suspected: the Disney XD series is ending after two seasons. One of the final two episodes airs tonight, but the other—what Hirsch calls a “super-sized third-parter” to the current arc that will now function as the series finale—remains to be scheduled , though a Disney XD spokesperson has stated it would air “sometime in 2016.” Guillermo Del Toro, Weird Al Yankovic, and many others chimed in with praise, but the sudden announcement has left the show's fanbase reeling.
Gravity Falls, about twins spending the summer with their great-uncle in a small Oregon town prone to supernatural events (imagine Harriet the Spy living in Twin Peaks), has found itself part of a pantheon of animated shows boasting devoted multi-generational fan bases—think the Cartoon Network's Adventure Time, Regular Show, and Steven Universe, or Nickolodeon's Avatar: the Last Airbender and The Legend of Korra. On one hand, it's a deeply silly show that leans heavily on witty reference humor and the voice-acting pyrotechnics of Kristen Schaal (who plays boy-crazy, fiercely confident twin Mabel). But it's also surprisingly complex, taking its fanbase down the rabbit hole with solvable cryptograms while still indulging in summer crushes and pre-teen independence.
Back in February 2013, Hirsch put out a call for screenwriters to submit writing samples, leading television critics to assume that Disney had ordered additional scripts for the series, and it needed to beef up its writers room to accommodate the order. And on a July 2013 episode of the Nerdist Writers Panel podcast alongside Regular Show creator JG Quintel, Hirsch seemed to reinforce the idea that the show would be contained within a three-season structure. Why, then, if other networks has capitalized on multiple shows with a similar fan base, is Disney ending theirs prematurely?
Irregular Show
The series' biggest stumbling block was always scheduling. After the first twelve episodes ran in the summer of 2012, Gravity Falls has never aired regularly. The first season, on the Disney Channel, ended after 20 episodes in August 2013; it took another year for the second season to begin, by which point it had moved to the slightly-older-skewing sibling network Disney XD. Since then, Season 2's 20 episodes have been spaced out seemingly at random. It wasn't unusual for a new episode to pop up in an all-new time slot, unannounced and designated as a rerun (which caused DVRs to overlook it). When the next Gravity Falls would air became a mystery nearly as compelling as the ones the twins encountered.
It's not unusual for networks for schedule a single season of a kids' show over multiple years—Nickelodeon, Cartoon Network, and Disney have all done it. The difference is that it generally didn't happen with shows that appealed to an older viewing audience, in an age when rabid fans on Reddit pick apart frames in order to solve hidden mysteries. But this also isn't the first time Disney has mishandled a show with a surprising older fanbase. Tron: Uprising—a series that boasted Elijah Wood, Mandy Moore, Nate Corddry, Emmanuelle Chriqui, Paul Ruebens, Aaron Paul, and Bruce Boxleitner among its voice cast—was cancelled after 19 episodes, despite great reviews and an Emmy win for Art Direction. Disney's cable networks, which are explicitly aimed at viewers under 14, don't seem to know how to handle a series that garners fans beyond that age range, even one like Gravity Falls, which is among Disney XD's highest-rated shows.
We spoke to Hirsch last month when the first episode in the final "Weirdmageddon" arc aired, and in retrospect his language suggests he knew the show's fate already. “I originally envisioned Gravity Falls as something with a beginning, middle, and an end,” said Hirsch. “I wasn't sure exactly how many seasons or how many episodes that would be.” That's essentially what he put into certain terms in his Tumblr post—that Gravity Falls was already over.
Maybe the prolonged hiatuses and irregular scheduling were all part of a master plan by Disney, buying more time to try and convince Hirsch to produce more of the show. If Hirsch's statement is accurate on its face, along with Disney XD's corroborating statement, than he indeed made the call to end the show after two seasons. Perhaps, like Adventure Time creator Pendleton Ward, the arduous production cycle combined with wearing multiple hats behind the scenes took their toll, and the Season 2 narrative offered a convenient place to end. There's even a theory (on Reddit, of course) that fans' obsessive deconstruction gave them too much insight about the show's ultimate twist, so Hirsch himself decided to cut short what was originally meant to be a longer series.
The first part of “Weirdmaggedon” pulled in Louis CK for a cameo as a disembodied head with an arm sticking out the crown of its skull. Tonight's episode features Jon Stewart as a character named "Judge Kitty Kitty Meow Meow Face-Shwartstein." Those are the kinds of appearances—and the kinds of characters—that only come from genuine admirers of the show. Through its 38 episodes, Gravity Falls has managed not to talk down to kids about their adolescent fears, while still appealling to older viewers. But through all the uncertainty, Hirsch has been straightforward about what this final triptych of episodes, which equates the end of the twins' summer (and the beginning of high school) with the apocalypse, has to impart to all the fans of Gravity Falls. “Endings are scary and foreign," he says. “They split you up emotionally and put you in a place where you don't know what's going to happen next. But with every end of the world, there is a new world that follows.” Considering how big of an impact the show has had on animation fans, our only hope is that Hirsch's next world will inspire as much devotion as the one that's ending.
POSTSCRIPT: Just before we published this piece, Disney XD furnished a statement about Hirsch and Gravity Falls. We include it in its entirety not because it's all germane, but because it gives a degree of insight to the network's process.
Would you hire a lawyer who couldn't handle references to violence? If not, then be wary of anyone who graduated from Oxford with a law degree in 2016.
Lecturers at my old university are being told that they should issue 'trigger warnings' when discussing 'potentially distressing' cases. I suppose it was only a matter of time before this latest madness spread from American to British campuses.
Oxford undergraduates reading English, for example, are now given a "trigger warning" about Robert Lowell's 1964 poem, "For The Union Dead," because it contains the following stanza about Colonel Robert Gould Shaw and the all-black 54th Massachusetts Volunteer Infantry that he led during the Civil War:
Shaw's father wanted no monument
Except the ditch,
Where his son's body was thrown
And lost with his "niggers."
Never mind that the poem is about a memorial to the black and white heroes who fought side-by-side against slavery, all in the midst of the civil rights movement of Lowell's day. Context is never a defense in these cases. A student's readiness to take offense trumps the literary canon.
In much the same way, an older student and janitor at Indiana University-Purdue University at Indianapolis was disciplined in 2008 for racial harassment just because during his break, he had been seen reading a book titled Notre Dame vs. the Klan.
The book is a sympathetic history of Notre Dame students' opposition to a Ku Klux Klan march in South Bend, Ind., in 1924. But one of his co-workers on the school's janitorial staff took offense at the image of a Klansman on the cover, and that was all that counted.
British students are having to learn the bizarre newspeak with which Americans are familiar: "micro-aggression," "safe space," "cultural appropriation."
This is something more than 1980s-style political correctness, though. That movement was, at heart, aggressive and authoritarian, an attempt to enforce certain ideas. This one, by contrast, is self-pitying, whining, fragile. Its starting point is not, "You must think in a certain way", but "I must never be hurt or challenged."
To take another Oxford example, students have been campaigning to tear down a statue of Cecil Rhodes, the 19th-century diamond magnate who endowed the Rhodes Scholarships. A generation ago, radical students would have argued that no monument to imperialism should be left standing.
But young Leftists today are too solipsistic, too introverted, to leave it at that. Instead, they have to claim that they "suffer violence" every time they walk past that block of stone.
For what it's worth, the guano-encrusted statue, which is lodged in a little niche above some permanently closed gates at my old college, Oriel, is barely noticeable. Ninety-nine percent of people walk by without being aware of it. You need to twist your neck unnaturally to see the thing you want to be offended by. But, again, never mind: All that counts are the feelings of the aggrieved.
Things have gotten so bad that President Obama has been driven to intervene, telling students to stop being such wimps, to confront "ridiculous or offensive" opinions rather than hiding from them or disinviting their proponents. But I fear the movement has gone too far to be checked now.
Even as Obama was speaking, Harvard was banning members of off-campus clubs for men only, such as fraternities, from leadership roles. When the University of California includes in its list of micro-aggressions such phrases as "America is the land of opportunity" and "I believe the most qualified person should get the job," we're way past presidential admonitions.
What worries me more than the intolerance is the sheer frailty we're seeing in our young people. Greg Lukianoff and Jonathan Haidt argue that this campus coddling is the result, among other things, of a series of social changes that began in the 1980s, as parents became less ready to let their kids play outside unsupervised, as playgrounds were made risk-free and, later, as social media encouraged a moralistic and outraged attitude to dissenting opinions.
But what is a university for, if not to expose young people to challenging views? What kind of hyper-sensitive graduates are we sending into the work-place?
A century ago, 18-year-olds were fighting from the Flanders trenches to the alluvial plains of Mesopotamia. Half a century before that, young Americans were dying in ditches with "Col. Shaw and his bell-cheeked Negro infantry" in the Civil War.
Now they're so pitiful that they might be traumatized just by reading about those infantrymen? How, we might ask, would they cope with genuine shocks? Because, be sure, life will offer plenty of those.
Never mind the squeamish lawyers. I fear that some employers will think twice before hiring anyone from this enfeebled generation.
Dan Hannan is a British Conservative MEP.
Legalization of Marijuana is one of the most important civil liberties issues facing Americans. 90% of all drug interdiction efforts are aimed at marijuana. The Denver voters voted not once, but twice, to stop marijuana arrests. Yet the response from the Denver prosecution / police industry is to increase arrests.
It is truly a culture war issue. Junkies are junkies but pot smokers are liberal free-thinkers. This is why there is so much effort is put into this issue by those with a Statist mentality. The same people who promulgate torture and indefinite detention. I see the issues of Drug War, and serious human rights abuses over the last 8 years as closely related issues.
I hope that people consider supporting MPP, they have just a tiny group of supporters, yet we can see many successes over the last few years.
Sorry - I won't be able to hang around too much today, gotta put up a new server for my business.
Previous studies have already suggested a possible association between sleep and risk of stroke, but today's study, published in the journal Neurology, is the first to provide detailed information about the British population and to examine the relationship between a change in sleep duration over time and subsequent stroke risk.
Researchers from the Department of Public Health and Primary Care at the University of Cambridge followed just under 10,000 people aged 42-81 years of age from the European Prospective Investigation into Cancer (EPIC)–Norfolk cohort over 9.5 years. During 1998-2000 and then again four years later, they asked the cohort how many hours on average they slept in a day and whether they generally slept well.
Almost seven out of ten participants reported sleeping between six and eight hours a day, whilst one in ten reported sleeping for over eight hours a day. Participants who slept for less than six hours or more than eight hours were more likely to be older, women and less active.
Over the almost ten year period of the study, 346 participants suffered a stroke, either non-fatal or fatal stroke. After adjusting for various factors including age and sex, the researchers found that people who slept longer than eight hours a day were at a 46% greater risk of stroke than average. People who slept less than six hours a day were at an 18% increased risk, but the small number of people falling in this category meant the association was not statistically significant*.
Participants who reported persistently long sleep – in other words, they reported sleeping over eight hours when asked at both points of the study – were at double the risk of stroke compared to those with persistently average sleep duration (between six and eight hours a day). This risk was even greater for those whose reported sleep increased from short to long over the four years – their risk was close to four times that of people who maintained an average sleep duration.
In addition to studying the EPIC-Norfolk cohort, the researchers carried out a study of combined data from 11 other studies related to identify the association between sleep duration and patterns of stroke risk. Their final analysis, including 560,000 participants from seven countries, supported the findings from the EPIC-Norfolk cohort study.
Yue Leng, a PhD candidate at the University of Cambridge, says: “It's apparent both from our own participants and the wealth of international data that there's a link between sleeping longer than average and a greater risk of stroke. What is far less clear, however, is the direction of this link, whether longer sleep is a symptom, an early marker or a cause of cardiovascular problems.”
While older people have less work and fewer social demands and therefore often have the option of sleeping longer, previous research has shown that in fact, they tend to sleep on average for shorter periods.
The researchers say it is unclear yet why the link between sleep and stroke risk should exist. Lack of sleep has been linked with factors such as disrupted metabolism and raised levels of the ‘stress hormone' cortisol, all of which may lead to higher blood pressure and increased stroke risk. However, the current study suggests that the association between longer sleep duration and higher risk of stroke was independent of normal risk factors for cardiovascular disease.
Professor Kay-Tee Khaw, senior author on the study, adds: “We need to understand the reasons behind the link between sleep and stroke risk. What is happening in the body that causes this link? With further research, we may find that excessive sleep proves to be an early indicator of increased stroke risk, particularly among older people.”
The study was supported by the Medical Research Council and Cancer Research UK.
*The absolute risk of stroke was 4.1% for less than six hours' sleep, 3.1% for six to eight hours, and 5.3% for over eight hours. Note: these figures are before adjustment for age, sex, etc. – figures for after adjustment were not available.
Reference
Leng, Y et al. Sleep duration and risk of fatal and nonfatal stroke: A prospective study and meta-analysis. Neurology; 25 Feb 2015
The White House has stood by its refusal to pardon National Security Agency (NSA) whistleblower Edward Snowden.
Instead, it said, the former government contractor should return to the U.S. and “accept the consequences of his actions.”
“He should come home to the United States, and be judged by a jury of his peers — not hide behind the cover of an authoritarian regime,” White House Homeland Security and Counterterrorism Advisor Lisa Monaco said in response to a petition about Snowden on Tuesday.
ADVERTISEMENT
“Right now, he's running away from the consequences of his actions.”
The comments are similar to those that all level of government officials have given in recent months about Snowden, who is currently living in Russia to avoid espionage charges in the U.S. that could keep him imprisoned for decades.
While the Obama administration was at one point discussing the possibility of leniency for Snowden, those talks appear to have dissolved. Still, former Attorney General Eric Holder recently said that the “possibility exists” for a deal with Snowden at some point.
“Instead of constructively addressing these issues, Mr. Snowden's dangerous decision to steal and disclose classified information had severe consequences for the security of our country and the people who work day in and day out to protect it,” Monaco wrote in response to the White House petition. The petition was created in the summer of 2013, shortly after Snowden released his documents, and has more than 167,000 signatures.
“If he felt his actions were consistent with civil disobedience, then he should do what those who have taken issue with their own government do: Challenge it, speak out, engage in a constructive act of protest, and — importantly — accept the consequences of his actions,” she added.
Snowden's supporters said that's easier said than done.
The nature of the Espionage Act charges brought against Snowden would make it impossible for him to have a fair day in court in which he could reasonably offer his side of the story, they allege.
As evidence, they pointed to the case brought against Chelsea Manning, another government leaker who has begun a 35-year prison sentence for her actions.
If Snowden were promised a fair trial, he would “love” to come back to the U.S., he has said.
The controversy over Snowden's status is all the more vexing because his leak of classified intelligence documents unquestionably forced Congress to dramatically rein in the NSA earlier this summer. Though the Obama administration still considers him to be a criminal, its hand was forced by the debate that Snowden began.
While Tommy Hilfiger has said that any any designer should be proud to dress future First Lady Melania Trump, his contemporary — fashion designer and filmmaker Tom Ford — feels differently.
The Nocturnal Animals director stopped by The View on Tuesday, where he firmly said that he won't be dressing the 46-year-old former model anytime soon — and in fact hasn't been for some time.
Get push notifications with news, features and more.
“I was asked to dress her quite a few years ago and I declined,” Ford said. “She's not necessarily my image.”
While the 55-year-old American designer identified himself as a Democrat who had voted for Hillary Clinton in the 2016 presidential election and was “sad and disappointed” at her loss, he said his decision not to work with President-elect Donald Trump's wife has nothing to do with politics.
Getty; NBC
Instead, Ford said he feels the First Lady should be dressing in a way that relates to the American people.
“Had Hillary won, she shouldn't be wearing my clothes — they're too expensive,” he said. “And I don't mean that in a bad way. They're not artificially expensive — it's how much it costs to make these things. But I think to relate to everybody, you shouldn't be necessarily wearing [expensive clothes].”
And though Ford had dressed Michelle Obama in the past, he said he only chose to do so for a very special occasion. “Michelle I dressed once — when she was going to Buckingham Palace for dinner with the Queen,” he said. “And that I thought was appropriate.”
RELATED VIDEO: The Men's Fashion Trend That Drives Tom Ford Crazy
Ford's not alone in his strong stance — for or against dressing the future First Lady. Diane von Furstenberg told WWD that she believes Melania “deserves the respect of any First Lady before her. ” Marc Jacobs and Cynthia Rowley also spoke out (read more designer takes at WWD).
Sophie Theallet even posted an open letter on Twitter saying she would not be lending her clothes to dress the next First Lady.
“As one who celebrates and strives for diversity, individual freedom and respect for all lifestyles, I will not participate in dressing or associating in any way with the next First Lady,” Theallet wrote. “The rhetoric of racism, sexism and xenophobia unleashed by her husband's presidential campaign are incompatible with the shared values we live by.”
What do you think about Tom Ford's statements? Sound off below!
Much of Resident Evil 7's fear comes from leaving you alone. There are scares, and drawn out horrible sequences, but many of my favourite memories are just creeping around a house. A pretty normal looking house to start with, just abandoned and decrepit. It's only later you start to find the slime, mutilated dolls and animal parts. By then you'll already know you're fucked, but it's nice to have clarification.
This is a game about decaying spaces littered with rotting memories of a life gone by; of ichor and threat. It's a game where standing in a room and looking at the state of things and wondering how it - and its owners - got that way is enough to instil dread. The bodies, gore, and monsters that come later only add to that menace: they don't make it
I'll avoid spoilers for the story and just say you play as Ethan, a guy looking for his missing wife in a Louisiana swamp. He doesn't say much - he's mainly your vehicle to ride in this ghost train - but when he does talk it's usually helpful or adds a touch of character. “Who builds this shit?” he mutters after solving a very Resi puzzle.
The opening hour sets a strong tone for the rest of the game. It's a low key, slow burn beginning that plays out with a minimal cast and almost in a single location. It's a gentle creep that turns into a terrifyingly confusing rush of horror with so little warning that you're all but left spinning. Even with so few moving parts at play initially, it throws such a blood soaked wrench in your expectations that you're left trying to make sense of what just happened as you stand in the wreckage.
There's a ‘low budget break out horror movie' vibe throughout the first two thirds of the game thanks to the small cast and cleverly thought out ideas. Tonally, the team have really done their homework here, pulling the best (worst) ideas from more recent sources. There are nods to Japanese horror but mainly it's a Blair Witching, House on the Hilling, Texas Chainsaw Massacring found footage type of deal - lots of crowing, crazy freaks and body horror (oh God the bit with the teeth, or the rusty nails, the hatchet, the arm...).
The gore and guts only work, though, because they're used sparingly. You could be standing in God only knows what sort of filth pretty much all the time, but that's only set-dressing to get under your skin. When the real grot drops you'll know about it.
Resi 7 is an intimate game, and uses this smaller scale well. The dinner scene you might have seen with the Baker family - father Jack, mother Margueritte, son Lucas and the creepy granny - is the largest number of people you ever see on screen at once. For the most part it's you and one other other person. Maybe a few monsters in the shape of the new Molded - slimey human shaped things with a face made of teeth and a horrible resilience to bullets.
It makes everything all the more personal as you're creeping around the Baker mansion, avoiding whoever's trying to do horrible things to you at the time. Plenty of space is given to letting the family, the real stars here, breathe and find their voice. From Jack's boorish, redneck Silverback bullying, to Marguerite's mad cat lady screeching and Lucas' very special brand of ‘that kid ain't right' - they bring the game alive and give it a unique character. You get to know them, in a way. A horrible way.
Resident Evil 7 uses space as much as it does threats to make these people and this place feel dangerous. Often you're alone in corridors, and the game's not afraid to leave you to work yourself into a state. There are jumps and cheap scares, but this game is aware that the anticipation is always worse than the reveal, leaving you to creep around and expect the worst whether it appears or not. The beautifully designed house gradually opens ups as you unlock areas and routes, expanding and looping in and around itself, making it all too easy to rush into previously safe areas without thinking about how things might have changed since you were last there. There's some great, sparse, sound design as well; all desperate breathing and softly clacking shoes on wooden floorboards. At the same time music is minimal, often only appearing when things kick off to underpin the desperate panicky action.
While we're on the bits that don't quite feel 100%, the boss fights tread a fine line between frustration and brilliance. Which one you get largely depends on luck. One has mechanics and options that, from speaking to several people who've played it, not everyone discovers. For example, a certain encounter can be over in minutes, or seem impossible according to what you find. Another is just hard, hard work and - with no onscreen feedback - it's impossible to tell if you're having any effect. As a result it's easy to be left wondering if you're doing the right thing.
At least one section also strays too far in the direction of making you vastly underpowered, creating an insta-death stealth slog that's just a relief to finish. Another misfire is a weird decision you have to make towards the end. The options are odd to begin with but also basically pointless as only one matters - if you chose the wrong thing it's neatly resolved within minutes and everything picks up with the other answer like nothing happened.
These fumbles only stand out because everything else is so precisely milled that the few bumps and divots are easy to feel. They don't detract, you can just tell where it isn't quite perfect. Other than those hiccups this is a great horror game, and that's without mentioning the added danger of playing in PSVR, where the mildewy atmosphere gets into your soul. I played the opening hour and a few other levels in virtual reality and screamed a lot, ending up, during one extended sequence, curled foetal on my side attempting to balance playing and hiding at the same time. It didn't work very well. It's terrifying, and there are sections I played in normal TV-o-vision that I don't think I could have done in VR.
However, it's worth mentioning I'm bulletproof when it comes to motion sickness. I played in virtual reality as a full FPS, with all the stabilisers off (so no segmented turning, tunnel vision, reduced speed etc) making it play exactly like the non-VR version. It was brilliant, but I'm in a minority of people that can do that. I know from speaking to other reviewers that some needed to play it with the anti-hurl aids on, and at least one person felt sick just trying the tutorial.
However you play it, Resident Evil's back. Completely different and yet instantly familiar. Compared to the bloated action of the last few installments this is literally a Resi revelation, executing modern horror ideas, interesting characters, locations, and a fantastic atmosphere to create something that can stand proudly among its sources. It's about as an essentially a horror experience as you can get.
A group of recovering addicts is preparing to climb Mount Rainier and recently they got a hand with their training from a Seattle Seahawk.
The group is Union Gospel Mission's ‘Team Mission." Their Seahawk helper is first-year linebacker Terence Garvin.
“I'm going to put them through the calisthenics, so we're going to do like jumping jacks. I'm going to teach them how to stretch. I'm basically going to put them through the warm up that we do with the Seahawks,” Garvin said.
One of the athletes he helped is Tom Hunsaker. Hunsaker grew up in Western Washington and for years has battled addiction.
“I struggle with depression and anxiety, and I just end up going back to the drugs and alcohol every time, so I'm just here to get a firmer grip on consistency in life and just find a purpose,” Hunsaker said. “I'm just hoping to get back on track and stay on track is the objective.”
Hunsaker said the climb will help him focus on something big, which helps distract him from his ongoing struggles with addiction.
“I just want to get more sobriety under my belt, a couple years, which I haven't had since I was 12 years old,” Hunsaker added.
Garvin said helping these people stay sober is a cause he really believes in.
“My dad he used to do, he had pain pills that he was on and you know pain pills can get addictive too so I understand how that can get,” Garvin said. “I think this is a cool event. I'm really into helping people, and this is something I feel important about.”
For more information about ‘Team Mission," you can go to this website.
Copyright 2017 KING
Thanks to my readers who chose this article when I offered to write about any topic chosen by my Facebook fans.
Imagine that your whole body is tense. The way you feel when you are stressed. But constantly. Consistently. Day after day.
And while your whole body is tense, the tensest part is your neck. Like your own body is trying to choke you. You try and sigh, relax, meditate, breathe… nothing works. You are afraid you may have a heart attack at 40 at the rate this is going.
This is the life of someone with an anxiety disorder.
Now imagine you are so low on energy that you can't get out of bed. You are just exhausted. You're not necessarily sad… more like neutral, like you have no emotions, like someone sucked them all out of you with a vacuum. And people around you are calling you lazy for sleeping in or not working hard enough, and so you retreat even further into yourself.
This is just one day in the life of someone suffering from depression.
Now imagine that you are constantly irritable. You don't know why, but you get angry at every comment your wife or close ones say. You want to yell and scream when they do the smallest thing wrong. You can't concentrate on anything for more than a minute and so you end up working on multiple things but never accomplishing one. Your only escape is television or something that absorbs you. But when you finally leave that world, you are back and more irritable than ever.
This is the life of a person with bipolar who is on the manic side of the cycle.
Now I want you to imagine something else: imagine that there are hundreds, thousands, or even more, of people in your community who go through these difficulties every day. Imagine, even further, that they are not being treated, but are, instead, living in shame, afraid to expose this “weakness” of theirs.
And now imagine, if you will, that what I said is not an exaggeration. That there are people who are living in tremendous pain and difficulty that could be avoided. People who are suffering simply because they are not receiving the care they need. People who are in pain because they were never told that there is nothing weak about accepting help.
Now imagine that even some leaders encourage this attitude. That they push people to just “get over” their difficulties or to study Torah or pray in order to make them go away.
Imagine the same people who have to deal with anxiety, depression, mania, PTSD, schizophrenia, and every other difficulty, living in shame because they are guilty for their own emotions.
This is a reality for more people than we can imagine. This is a day-to-day struggle for many within the orthodox community. And while there have been many great strides in awareness (I've always been so proud that the Have A Therapist campaign was so successful because of the orthodox, Hasidic Jews that helped get it rolling), there is still so much work to be done, still so much stigma to overcome, and still so much education that still needs to happen.
Judaism has always been, in a way, obsessed with health. Saving your own or someone else's life takes precedence over almost every mitzvah in the Torah. Suddenly, when you save someone's life on Shabbat by breaking it, you are making the day even holier.
The Rambam, who was also a trained physician, is famous both in the religious and secular worlds for his beliefs and theories about health.
Miracle story after miracle story revolves in some way around doctors and the physical health of their patients.
And yet… when it comes to mental health, there are crickets. Silence. Not necessarily stigma, but certainly not the powerful stories, the push to help others, the countless charitable organizations, that exist for those with physical health ailments.
There is, of course, absolutely no reason for this to be the case. Because mental health is, whether we accept it or not, the same as physical health. The brain is a part of our physical body, as are our nerves, and practically every other part of our body that creates mental difficulties. Not to mention the vast amount of physical ailments a person can suffer from when their mental health erodes.
I've asked you to imagine all the difficulties a person with mental health problems may go through.
Now I want you to imagine something else.
Imagine that you can do something. That you can improve things. That you have the power to make the Jewish world healthier than it has been for generations. Imagine that you can now solve more problems than any one miracle story ever solved. Imagine that we have the power to make the Jewish community stronger than it has ever been.
And that is the beauty of the situation we find ourselves in: while mental health resources may be lacking, the more we talk about this subject, the more we encourage those around us to seek the help they need, the more we make suffering from depression no different than being physically sick, the more people will be helped. The more happy marriages there will be. The more happy people there will be. The fewer suicides. The more achdus. The less lashon hara.
Practically every problem in the Jewish community could be lessened if we fully embraced mental health. Lives would be saved. People would treat each other better.
Imagine it. Because, just like the problems, it is not so far away from you.
This is a rush transcript. Copy may not be in its final form.
AMY GOODMAN: We turn now to Iraq, what's wrong with cutting and running? That's the question asked by a retired army general, William Odom, about the continued U.S. military presence in Iraq. Odom served as Director of the National Security Agency, the top secret agency, well larger than the C.I.A., under President Reagan. He served as Assistant Chief of Staff for Intelligence, the Army's senior intelligence officer, now Senior Fellow at the Hudson Institute in Washington.
He recently wrote, quote, “The invasion of Iraq will turn out to be the greatest strategic disaster in U.S. history.” In his article, Odom says, “The wisest course for journalists might be to begin sustained investigations of why leading Democrats have failed so miserably to challenge the U.S. occupation of Iraq. The first step, of course, is to establish as conventional wisdom the fact that the war was never in the U.S. interests and has not become so,” he writes. Lieutenant General William Odom joins us on the line from Washington, D.C. Welcome to Democracy Now!
LT. GEN. WILLIAM ODOM: Thank you.
AMY GOODMAN: Well, why don't you lay out your argument? A general calling for cutting and running?
LT. GEN. WILLIAM ODOM: Well, I'm trying to think like a strategist. And in war, as well as in politics and diplomacy, one has to know when to withdraw and when to attack. And this was a misguided attack, and it requires a strategic vision and moral confidence to turn it around, the earlier the better. But as the evidence piles up, I think my judgment is being borne out.
I said before the war in February that if we invade Iraq, this will serve primarily the interests of two people: Osama bin Laden, because it will make Iraq safe for al Qaeda, and it will allow him to have access to kill Americans, which he cannot do in the U.S. very effectively; the second party that would benefit greatly would be the Iranians. Saddam Hussein invaded Iran, and they fought for eight years, and Iranians hated that regime as much more than we did. Therefore it was very much in their interest, and it is clearer now that a Shiite majority will probably end up in control in Iraq, and it will not be pro-American, and it probably will be an Islamic religious republic.
So that's — this kind of outcomes were foreseeable, and then I didn't say anything about it for a year, and pointed out that exactly these things were happening. And I was asked about in August why — whether I thought that journalists were doing a good job in pressing this issue with the President. And the answers you've just read are the ones I gave.
AMY GOODMAN: Now, you wrote this piece. It's appearing a bit on the internet and some local papers. But you offered it to The New York Times as an op-ed piece?
LT. GEN. WILLIAM ODOM: I didn't offer this exact version. I offered a draft op-ed. This is considerably longer than would be accepted as an op-ed.
AMY GOODMAN: But the idea was to call for cutting and running?
LT. GEN. WILLIAM ODOM: Yeah. I said exactly [inaudible] the earlier the better. The idea of staying the course makes no sense at all.
AMY GOODMAN: Have you gotten other op-ed pieces printed in Times?
LT. GEN. WILLIAM ODOM: Maybe 15 or 20, maybe 30 in the past ten years.
AMY GOODMAN: What did they say about this one?
LT. GEN. WILLIAM ODOM: Well, they didn't say. They just didn't take it.
AMY GOODMAN: Why do you think that is?
LT. GEN. WILLIAM ODOM: I really don't know. Maybe they just overlooked it. Maybe they didn't think my writing style was up to previous ventures. But I think the message would have been worth the — if they didn't like the structure of the piece, ask me to trim it or edit it. But I really don't know.
There is a tendency, it seems to me, among both Democrats and Republicans, to really get nervous about doing anything. They know that we're in trouble, and they're just not willing to face up to the reality that we are going to have to one day pick up and leave and that you're almost — as I said in the piece, the structure of this piece, essentially saying that all of the things that the administration says will happen if we leave are already happening or they're irrelevant.
AMY GOODMAN: So, you say the arguments against pulling out, we'd leave behind a civil war, we'd lose credibility on the world stage, it would embolden the insurgency and cripple the move toward democracy, Iraq would become a haven for terrorists, Iranian influence in Iraq would increase, unrest might spread in the region and/or draw in Iraq's neighbors, Shiite-Sunni clashes would worsen, we haven't fully trained the Iraqi military and police forces yet and talk of deadlines would undercut the morale of our troops. You say all of this has already happened.
LT. GEN. WILLIAM ODOM: Sure. Just take the last one. You can see from the exchanges over the training of troops that went up to the Congress the other day, when General Abizaid and General Casey both gave a rather dismal picture of progress in training up units that can fight on their own in Iraqi's forces. They said only one, Rumsfeld, previously had, within [inaudible] before, had told Congress that three, and the number was surging, and, you know, he gave her a rosy picture. And they were much more cautious.
Now, they've been turned around, and they're up on the Sunday morning news shows this week saying, 'Well, things are rosier.' It's clear that they themselves are how dubious about this. They cannot afford to stand up and contradict the regime — rather the administration — too forcefully. I think they can say some of the facts fairly clearly and without [inaudible], if they can avoid it. But — so the judgments out there are not good, and I have heard from many junior officers the view that, yes, we're winning tactically. Our unit wins every tactical battle. But the big picture, the strategic picture, we're losing. If they kill one of us for every thousand we kill — they have over 20 million people, we have 123,000. You know, the numbers are just against us. And once one begins to look at it objectively like that, it — you've got to ask what this is worth, what you gain by doing this.
AMY GOODMAN: Do you think ultimately this is what will happen? It'll just be a matter of years?
LT. GEN. WILLIAM ODOM: Oh, yeah. Look, that's what happened in Vietnam. I mean, I, for different reasons, I had a similar view in Vietnam. By the way the troops don't mind you debating the issue back here. I mean, I was in Vietnam. We — a lot of us wondered why there wasn't more debate. We wondered why mainstream people were not debating it. And they let the fringe left anti-war movement blame us, blame people in uniform. I went over and spoke the other day — you know, I don't have politics, right or left. I've never been a Republican or Democrat. And I have worked in the Carter White House, and I've worked in the Reagan White House.
So partisan — this is not a partisan politics issue. Congressman Walter Jones, who can hardly be called a conservative is a very — I mean, a liberal, is a very conservative Republican from North Carolina, who invented the term “freedom fries” to replace the “French fries” label, has now enrolled a resolution to Congress, calling for a withdrawal. And I was surprised to get calls from him, asking me to come over and attend a small press conference that he had, where he has a small group of Republicans and an equal number of Democrats behind this. And the point I made — the only reason I went and joined them was that I would rather see people on Bush's side and responsible mainline Democrats carry this issue than let it go out to the fringes. And that's where it's headed.
AMY GOODMAN: Lieutenant General William Odom, I want to thank you for being with us, and I hope to continue to talk about this in the coming weeks. This is Democracy Now! DemocracyNow.org. Lieutenant General William Odom served as Director of the National Security Agency under President Reagan. He's now with the Hudson Institute in Washington.
Zeus slumped into his chair for but a moment before he stood and threw the phone across his office in a fit of rage. It exploded on the wall and Derek flinched as shattered plastic and glass fragments hit him.
“Damn it!”
He pounded his desk with heavy hands and a crack sounded out in the office as the desk gave out slightly under the hit.
“Damn it! I was too certain they would come for me.”
Derek flinched and stepped back from the desk. Zeus took a few heaving breaths to calm himself so he could think clearly. They should have stayed close together but it was too late for that now. Poseidon was dead and the trident was gone.
This had gone poorly. Not to mention security personnel were ready to riot when they heard the news that more than twenty had died protecting a shipping magnate. They had come on for easy protection work, nothing like this. That, plus the damned video of Hyperion playing on nearly every screen in the country was not good.
So far the leading theory that had picked up traction was it was a movie set or something along those lines but that was rapidly falling apart as the body count started to rise. Money buys only so much silence. Now the talking heads were just spitting theories from super humans to a fake video and that didn't include the conspiracy nuts.
Though some of them weren't all that far off.
At least there was one upside.
They were quickly being left with the security personnel that had taken the job for one reason.
To kill.
“What now?” Derek said quietly, looking to his boss.
Zeus pinched the bridge of his nose and tried to drive away the headache building behind his eyes over this whole fiasco.
“I don't know.”
Ares and Iapetus arrived on the campus just as the news was breaking about Singapore, where a man had summoned a pillar of fire and at least twenty men were being reported as dead. Ares was sure that would mean more men would be quitting the security teams, they were humans after all. No one was dumb enough to stay on a job with the odds of death rising higher, despite a sizable paycheck.
He turned off his phone, putting the problem out of his mind for the time being, while Iapetus led the way to the office of the Dean, where they would find her.
“How can I help you?” the young man behind the desk was friendly and his voice had a pleasant lilt, offering a smile as they entered, “do you have a meeting?”
“No, but she'll be seeing us,” Iapetus walked to the door with a name he didn't know and pushed it open to see her behind the desk.
Seated at the desk was a woman that looked to be in her late forties or early fifties, slim build and wearing a loose blouse with a black jacket. She did not look impressed to be interrupted until she saw Ares, then her shoulders sagged and she waved off the young man. She stood and walked to the door, ushering them in and looking to the young man.
“It's okay, hold my calls.”
She closed the door and turned her attention to the gods in her office.
She crossed her arms and looked at them over her thin rimmed glasses, adopting a severe look. Iapetus had always admired her attitude, it was much more lively than the others like her. Not a Titan but not an Olympian, something in between.
“What the hell do you want? Come to kill me, finally?”
“I wish.” Ares shrugged, “what? Would be easier.”
“Shut up,” Iapetus chided the man and Aphrodite looked from one to the other, then it dawned on her. She started to laugh, making her way back behind the desk.
“Iapetus, you've changed haven't you. Taking his little bulldog is a nice touch. Can I expect this to be a permanent change?”
“It's temporary but I do appreciate your concern.”
She barked a rueful laugh, taking her glasses off and setting the on the desk. Iapetus had always liked her, maybe too much for his own good. Killing her would have been easier but now he was grateful they hadn't. She might be able to help.
“What do you want?” she said, getting them to business, “why are you in my office. We had an agreement.”
“You've heard, I assume?” Iapetus still wasn't used to this body and shifted uneasily in the chair.
“That the Titans are out? No, I hadn't. It hasn't been all over the news or anything, I haven't seen Hyperion's face plastered in every Tweet for the past twenty four hours. You know, I told you so. Always wanted to be able to say that to all of you. If you wanted to survive out here you should have just left well enough alone. But no, Zeus wanted more. He always wants more.”
“Where are the others?”
She leaned back in the chair and raised an eyebrow.
“I'm sure I don't know what you're talking about.”
“Where are they? We need to talk to them.”
She laughed again.
“Talk to them? Even if I did know where they were I would never tell you. They don't want to be part of any of this. I honor my agreements and promises, unlike others.”
Ares lurched out of his chair and slammed his hands on her desk, leaning forward. She didn't move a muscle. He pointed a thick finger at her and opened his mouth to shout some threat, surely, except he didn't get a chance to speak.
She grabbed that finger and twisted it, the snap of bone echoing in her office as she leaped over her desk. Both of them tumbled back into the chair as Ares opened his mouth to scream or maybe to say something but the tip of the knife dug into the flesh under his chin as Aphrodite kept a knee in his groin and pushed down.
He whimpered.
“Big man,” she whispered, pushing the point of the blade until blood welled around it, “try something now.”
“Enough!” Iapetus stood from his chair so fast it fell backward, he stopped as the door opened and the young man with the friendly tone leveled a shotgun at his chest. She had been the one to secret the Smith out of Zeus' compound, they would have the right weaponry.
“Quite,” the young man said, smiling politely.
Iapetus snorted, raising his hands as Aphrodite stepped back from Ares and he rubbed at the blood dribbling from his chin.
“Get out.” She said, running her hands over her now creased pants and blouse, straightening them out, “now.”
They obliged, slowly.
“We'll find them,” Iapetus said it as they left her office, “with or without you. Then we'll be back.”
He shut the door.
The young man lowered the shotgun from his shoulder and breathed out, looking to her.
“That was fun.”
She shook her head at the young man, the hidden progeny of one of the Titans that she had spirited away before the Olympians took power. He had been with her ever since, just another one of the many scattered Titanic children. That didn't include the Olympian children, none of them could keep it under control.
Like rabbits, she mused, yet they had distorted the myth to make her the one that couldn't bother to keep it in her pants.
“Are the others in place?”
She sat behind the desk and gave herself a moment to mourn the woman she had become, who could now be no more. They would come for her if she stayed, she had gone too far this time. Ares would remember it.
“Yes, it's just a matter of time before they show up to knock on someone's door.”
She nodded.
“They'll need help. Soon. I suppose it's time to take a side.”
He snorted and rested the shotgun over his shoulder.
“I think we just did.”
Oceanus has his new trident, despite all the grumbling about it. I have my chain. Even with both of those we have a long way to go.
Not to mention that, as a group, we were famous. Or I was. The guy in the flames does make an impression. We were becoming the most wanted and the most watched, at the same time. I was informed that this is an impressive feat.
Jeff had found a building under construction with a watchman that might have been as old as us. It was as good a place as any to work out a plan. He was wincing with every step but waved the concern off.
Tough, I like it.
“They'll be coming for us now,” Cronus said it, “we need to split up.”
“That's stupid.” I heard it come from my own mouth and slammed it shut. Not fast enough though.
“Go on.” Cronus was glaring. Can't really blame him.
“We're stronger together, we should keep it that way.”
“He's right,” Phoebe spoke up, and I offered her a smile of gratitude.
“No not you-“ I stop smiling. “-Cronus is right. Coeus can't fight, we need to find someplace safe where I can try to help him, not being dragged across the world where we'll slow you down. As a group we're too big, too much of a target.”
I suppose she was right.
“So, who goes where? What's our next move?”
I don't think anyone has an answer for that. This is a new world for all of us, not at all like the one that we left behind all those years ago. This is one city, one impressive city, and it's overwhelming. Where the hell do we go from here?
“I'm going after her.” Cronus says it quietly but it is heard, there is an edge to his voice I haven't ever heard before. Not even when we fought. Rhea stands by her brother, obviously.
Oceanus puts his hand on Tethys' shoulder and squeezes, moving past her to stand with the three.
“You'll need someone with a real damned weapon. Even if it's a fork. Not to mention all that ocean you'll be crossing.”
“If you're going that way you'll need someone to keep you on the right path,” Crius is next to join their group, “he's good with speed but direction…not so much.”
“I can take them,” Jeff steps up and motions to Phoebe and Coeus, “they'll be too busy tracking you all to realize we've split off. I can take them somewhere safe, maybe we can figure out how to help Coeus. I also think I've broken a few ribs, I could use a break.”
Coeus stares off into nothing without even acknowledging his name.
“Thank you.” Cronus speaks for all of us. Jeff blushes a little. Mortals. So emotional.
“If you're going after her then we'll go find Dionysus, if we dismantle them piece by piece it will be easier than just going after the head of the snake, right?”
I feel their eyes on me, some smile like there's some inside joke that I'm not a part of.
“What?”
“You have changed, we should have thrown you in Tartarus ages ago.”
They laugh.
I don't.
“How do we get where we need to go?”
“I might be able to help.”
The voice is not one of ours. It's someone else. And it comes from behind us. We all turn to see this person slowly stepping out with their hands held high in the air.
Tethys is gone before we can react, like a flash. She hurls herself at him and they both tumble to the ground. She doesn't summon her elemental. She doesn't need to. She's going to use her hands to kill him. She's going to choke the life from him with her bare hands and watch the light go out of his eyes.
She's making excellent progress on that and I don't move to stop it. I would do the same thing.
Before she does Oceanus grab her arm, stopping her fist from slamming into his youthful face. Might knock some of those pretty teeth right out.
We gather around and he looks up at the ceiling, closing his eyes and waiting for it.
“You've got about ten seconds before I let her go at you. Go.”
He opens one eye to see Oceanus holding her arms pinned behind her back, though she's trying her best to break free of him.
“It's not what you think.”
“Not a great start,” I haul him up by his shoulders, “do better.”
“I'm sorry,” he says it to Tethys, not the rest of us though, “I should have come back for you, a long time ago. I'm sorry.”
She looks at him and her shoulders sag, the fight leaving her. Oceanus lets go of her arms, slowly. She takes a deep breath.
And she punches Hermes right across the mouth.
Next
Brown's Gas | Radioactive Waste | Nuclear Accidents
Brown's Gas Neutralizes Radioactive Waste to
Help Undo Nuclear Accidents
Watch Mark Porringa, former Chief Engineer at Chalk River, world's largest nuclear research reactor, as he neutralizes Nuclear Waste.
Note that after the radiation reduction starts, Mark removes the Brown's Gas flame and the radioactive waste continues to burn itself up… On the Geiger Counter notice the sensitivity setting after the burn is made at a more sensitive level than when you see during the first radiation reading.
That means we can get rid of poisonous radioactive waste that is currently stored at nuclear power plants and holding facilities around the world…
Based on performance, perhaps they should probably be called nuclear waste leakage facilities?
We can eliminate this threat but only with your help.
Why is your help needed?
Because storing nuclear waste is a very lucrative business and it can be used to kill people or poison land and water when the politically powerful and other nuts want to invade a neighbor. Vested interests with political power and the politicians who love war do not want their cash cows and war materials to be eliminated.
The Political Elites have banded together and decided that business as usual is worth any risk we the serfs have to take and any amount we have to pay.
After all who would want to get of nuclear waste for less than the cost of 1 year's transportation and storage costs, when you can get a contract to store it until it's no longer dangerously radioactive in about 270,000 years.
God, or someone, appears to be profiting the politically powerful.
Toxic Radioactive Waste Problems
“The Hanford Nuclear Reservation is the largest nuclear waste dump in the Western Hemisphere and a major Northwest environmental issue. It is a serious long-term threat to the Columbia River, which Oregon depends on for power generation, farm irrigation, fishing, transport and recreation.
“Hanford covers 560 square miles of desert in eastern Washington, along 51 miles of the Columbia River. It is 35 miles north of the Oregon border, and 215 miles upstream from Portland.
“From 1943 to 1988 Hanford produced plutonium for nuclear weapons, using a line of nuclear reactors along the river. Cooling water from the river was piped through the reactors, then fed back into the river. Spent fuel rods from the reactors were dissolved in nitric acid to separate out the plutonium. Enormous amounts of highly radioactive and chemical waste were generated in the process. Since the production of plutonium ceased, Hanford's only mission has been cleanup.
“Hanford is owned by the federal government and managed by the US Dept. of Energy (DOE). Because Hanford is subject to both federal and Washington state environmental laws, the US Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) and the Washington state Dept. of Ecology have regulatory powers.”…
“About 53 million gallons of high-level radioactive and chemical waste are stored in 177 underground tanks the size of three-story buildings, buried in Hanford's central area, about 12 miles from the river. Over the years 70 of the tanks have leaked about one million gallons of waste into the soil.”…
“Presently DOE does not have a plan for intercepting the tank waste before the waste reaches the river.”…
“There are three kinds of radioactive solid waste buried at Hanford:
Transuranic
Low-level mixed waste produced by routine operations, environmental and facility cleanup
Transuranic mixed waste
Hanford has an estimated 75,000 barrels of such waste, most of it buried in trenches. There is no cleanup plan in place.”
http://www.hanfordwatch.org/introduction.htm
One Radioactive Waste Solution for Everything?
Yes and No.
The solution is you and I using our social networks to create a viral public awareness campaign to tell people about:
The Problem created by politicians…
Our Costs…
Our Risks…
How to eliminate the problems of nuclear waste disposal…
Why politicians and their protected monopolies don't want a solution to nuclear waste…
We'll give you some hints here:
You can more effectively kill people and poison their land, air and water
You can more easily penetrate armored vehicles
It provides better armor for your own vehicles with only slow radiation poisoning for your troops
Nuclear Waste Storage is very profitable
Nuclear Waste lasts 20,000 years or longer
Nuclear Waste Storage continues to grow because of its long life… Which means more money
If something leaks or breaks, the government will pay the industry to clean it up… Therefore
The more you screw up, the more you make…
Or you can believe in the integrity of politicians and their protected monopolies and cartels and they don't dispose of it because Brown's Gas technologies demonstrated for over 20 years do not exist…
Radioactive Waste Is an International Problem
The brighter the red, the higher the danger…
UK: Radioactive waste ‘may be blighting 1,000 UK sites'
MoD under fire after report finds the number of contaminated sites is far higher than previously estimated…
Rob Edward – guardian.co.uk, Wednesday 2 May 2012 03.00 EDT
India: No policy for radioactive waste disposal… http://southasia.oneworld.net/todaysheadlines/india-no-policy-for-radioactive-waste-disposal “Authorities at Delhi University in India say they are investigating how radioactive waste which this week killed a man was sold as scrap. “A scrap metalworker who was exposed to the radiation died on Monday of multiple organ failure. Several of his colleagues are still in hospital.” http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/south_asia/8651010.stm China: The earthquake last May 12 in Sichuan damaged the most important Chinese nuclear dump, but the authorities continue to conceal the true extent of the incident… Beijing (AsiaNews/Agencies) – Two months after the earthquake that shook Sichuan, the most important radioactive dump in southwest China is still closed, while government authorities refuse to provide details on the true damage to the site and on possible leaks of hazardous material. http://www.asianews.it/news-en/Radioactive-waste-in-earthquake-zone,-Chinese-censorship-suppresses-the-news-12708.html “CCTV said the country has enough fuel now to last up to 70 years and the breakthrough could yield enough to last 3,000 years.”To produce that amount of fuel, however, China would have to build a hugely expensive and highly dangerous breeder reactor, said Matthew Bunn, an expert on the Chinese nuclear program at Harvard University's John F. Kennedy School of Government.”http://www.huffingtonpost.com/2011/01/03/china-nuclear-fuel-reproc_n_803522.html Russia: Dec 20, 2010 – Russian nuclear facilities accidentally—and intentionally—filled the Techa River with radioactive waste and turned the region into one of the … This Ural Mountain village is one of two dozen that originally sat downstream of the Mayak nuclear complex, which dumped 2.68 billion cubic feet (76 million cubic meters) of highly radioactive waste into the river from 1949 to 1956. http://news.nationalgeographic.com/news/2010/12/photogalleries/101221-radioactive-river-russia-pictures/ Hungary nuclear plant leaks radioactive gas (incident level 3, cause: French-German equipment) Reuters AlertNet ^ | April 24, 2003 | Reuters
Radiological Consequences of the Chernobyl Accident for Hungary
“As final consequence the average dose equivalent for Budapest residents due to internal plus external exposure…
From the series of assumptions made, the uncertainty in these values is quite high and the doses received by different individuals can vary considerably.”
http://rpd.oxfordjournals.org/content/19/4/239.short
France: France was yesterday quick to play down the significance of an explosion in a nuclear waste recycling plant in the south of the country which killed one man and injured four others.
http://www.independent.co.uk/news/world/europe/france-on-edge-after-accident-at-nuclear-site-2353692.html
Pick Your Country or Any Country, Because Radiation Migrates
Pick a search engine and search these 2 phrases and add the country of your choice:
radioactive accidents in _________________
radioactive waste in _________________
Also Check:
List of civilian radiation accidents http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_civilian_radiation_accidents
List of (ed: admitted) military nuclear accidents
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_military_nuclear_accidents
Lists of nuclear disasters and radioactive incidents
Both Chernobyl and Fukushima Have 30 KM Radius Quarantines
That's about the size of Hong Kong and the state of Rhode Island added together.
The Hanford Nuclear Waste area is 586 sq miles. Singapore with a population of 5.18 Million and is 687 square miles.
How many nuclear disasters, can we afford?
The politicians and the politically powerful can afford all they can get away with.
The politicians and the politically powerful will always have the money to move.
Do 3 things today.
1. Ask 7 friends to visit this site and if they agree on the importance of radically slashing the dangers of nuclear power plants by neutralizing radioactive waste to visit and ask at least 7 of their friends… Preferably you want to ask 7 people in your network of contacts who are use social media, have email lists, twitter followings, host, guest or call in to talk radio, to share this information…
2. Join our email lists or membership program so that we can continue to provide actionable items to create change…
3. Join our crowd funding campaign to pay for technology demonstrations, publicity campaigns and clean energy project development…
That's it.
Keep in mind, you can step number 3 in 2 ways. You can provide us money for advertising and demonstrations or you can share this with others, which is one thing we do with any money you would give us, and we'll eventually raise enough funds for technological demonstrations to force the politicians and the monopolies to change their policies.
3 simple steps – Do what you can afford today; because, someday, the cost may be too great for any of us…
You may use either one of these links. PayPal will convert any currency you choose to use and deliver it.
One Time Donations – Choose Your Amount USD
PayPal Can Process Most Currencies and Credit Cards
This Payment is to PACE (Planetary Association for Clean Energy)
You may donate $5,000 to $5 at 1 time on the Same Day
For Larger Amounts, Please, Use the Contact Us Link to Request Instructions
http://thelibertygang.com/contact-tlg/
Kudos to Chris Dodd whose third-tier-nothing-to-lose presidential campaign has sprouted him a robust pair of cojones. Dodd became the most prominent Democrat, and the first among
the presidential candidates, to declare he will vote against Bush nominee Michael Mukasey's confirmation as Attorney General.
Angered by Mukasey's Senate testimony last week in which the former federal judge and prosecutor floated a legal "theory" that the President of the United States could, indeed, stand above constitutional statutes, Dodd declared on Monday:
"That is about as basic as it gets," Dodd said. "You must obey the law. Everyone must."
Dodd, along with a slew of other legal and political observers were also dismayed when Mukasey dodged Senators' questions last week about whether or not so-called waterboarding was, in fact, a form of torture. After eluding any straight answer, Mukasey wound up making the incredulous statement that he wasn't quite sure what was meant by the term.
Over the weekend, some leading Senate Democrats ranging from Dianne Feinstein of California to Carl Levin of Michigan engaged in their own form of equivocation, warning they might vote against Mukasey if he doesn't properly clarify his views when he responds to written questions from the Senate later this week.
But Dodd's bold stepping-out on this issue, rejecting any mulligan for a nominee who refuses to call torture by its proper name, seems like it might force the hand of fellow Democrats who might start looking rather silly if they don't turn thumbs down on the newly proposed AG. Within hours of Dodd's statement, fellow candidate and Delaware Senator Joe Biden also said he had made up his mind to vote nay. Campaign spokesmen for John Edwards and Bill Richardson also joined the chorus. And by late Monday night, the campaign of Barack Obama piled on, telling The New York Sun:
"Judge Mukasey has failed to send a clear signal that he understands the legal and moral issues that are at stake for our country, and so I cannot support him." Mr. Obama said even a clarification from Judge Mukasey would be insufficient. "No nominee for attorney general should need a second chance to oppose torture and the unnecessary violation of civil liberties," he said.
While Steve enjoys the Thanksgiving holiday doing family things, I go solo with a review of Night 2 of PWG's 2016 Battle Of Los Angeles featuring the much talked about Young Bucks & Adam Cole vs. Ricochet, Matt Sydal, and Will Ospreay match that got Five Stars from Dave Meltzer, the PWG debut of Cody Rhodes, Chris Hero and Tommy End putting on a crazy match with Pentagon Jr. & Fenix, and more. Plus GIF's and crazy rambling!
Click here to read Steve's review of the show from a live perspective.
Dalton Castle (w/ The Boys) vs. Tommaso Ciampa
So this tournament was supposed to have Jack Gallagher, but instead he was replaced by Tommaso cause Gallagher couldn't be there. This started out with a bunch of shenanigans, including Tommaso killing one of the boys.After that, the match featured more shenanigans. Dalton Castle is pretty skilled as a wrestler, but I really hate his gimmick. I don't know what people find so appealing about him. He's just an annoying spaz who does creepy shit that plays on his opponent's homophobia. He pretty much took Liberace's personality and is using Goldust's schtick from 20 years ago, but in a lame Disney-fied way. Dalton won to advance in the tournament. If you like dumb antics, you'll like this. But I just didn't dig this shit. I can't believe PWG spends money on Castle when they could bring in like 6 local guys just as good (and in some cases, better) as Castle is. Someone tell Super Dragon about good local guys. Best part of the match was Chuck Taylor on commentary saying he hates Tommaso because he almost raped him, twice, and saying “whatever dumb Irish tattoos Kyle O'Reilly has.”
Rating: **
Post match shenanigans: handshake gimmick, farewell to Tommaso before he goes to WWE. Yeah.
Mark Andrews vs. Pete Dunne
This was Dunne's PWG debut. He's another British guy that gets tons of hype from internet fans. This was a “style vs. style” match with Andrews doing his usual high flying offense, and Dunne being more of a technical style, working over Andrews' hand, bullying him on the mat, and throwing him around the ring. He's like a heel version of Zack Sabre Jr. I'd compare him more to Bryan Danielson when he was a heel 10 years ago, but Dunne is nowhere near on that level. To be honest, I was pretty underwhelmed by his performance in the first part of the match. I mean, he's not bad, but he's just very bland and unconvincing on offense. He did a good job at basing for Andrews' offense, This match had a good amount of spots and was entertaining thanks for Andrews. I didn't really care for Dunne's wannabe-Danielson schtick as the match progressed. Mark Andrews was still great. He might be the best European PWG brings in next to Sabre Jr. My only complaint about this match was how long it was. Shit was like almost 20 minutes long and was a main event-style match when it was the second match of the show. Fucking hell man! On top of that, there wasn't much heat behind the match, so there was no need for them to go so fucking long! Still,, this was a good match. Andrews won. Yeah. Dunne needs some fucking personality.
Rating: *** (This would've been rated higher, but the first half really dragged it down. Not that my rating matters or anything. Actually, it does. It's the only rating that matters. My opinion>Everyone else's.)
Cody Rhodes vs. Sami Callihan
Before the match, Cody Rhodes' wife did his ring introduction. I cringed at this because it was pretty corny. Honestly. anything in wrestling/entertainment that involves spouses working together. It's always lame no matter who it is. So anyways, Cody came across as genuinely excited to be on this show. He even had some tights made with the old PWG logo on it, and BOLA on his boots. I really, really respected that. I mean, this is a guy who is the son of a legend, brother of an established star from the 90's, and spent very little time before heading to OVW and eventually WWE. He could've just been like “fuck it, I'm gonna collect a paycheck, do my spots, and get paid extra for having to do a job where the finish isn't even clean” and mailed it in like most guys go his stature do when they hit the indy scene after being coddled in the corporate world of WWE, but instead he worked his ass off and showed tons of enthusiasm.
As for the match, this was the most tolerable Sami Callihan performance I've seen, which honestly isn't saying much. The stupid cat shit was annoying, and I didn't really care about the callback to Cody's Rip Hamilton face-mask. Aside from that, the pacing of the match kept this match from becoming uninteresting overall. Cody worked his ass off in this match. Sami still sucks, but Cody seems to have a great understanding of what the fans want and how to perform on the indy scene. He also seems pretty fucking down god o dangerous shit and stupid bumps, so that makes him pretty awesome. Cody won after hitting Christopher Daniels' “Angels Wings” on Sami for the win. Solid stuff here. Sami still sucks though, and I really think a local would've done a better job in this match than Sami.
Rating: **3/4
Fenix & Pentagon Jr. vs. Tommy End & Chris Hero
I was really looking forward to this match, and really enjoyed it. At one part of the match, Chris Hero busted out some Lucha offense with Pentagon Jr., and soon after that Fenix did a crazy dive where he jumped onto Pentagon Jr.'s shoulders and did a standing moonsault off Pentagon Jr. Shit was nuts dude. Pentagon Jr. and Fenix did a bunch of cool double team spots in this. They're really entertaining to watch as a team. Chris Hero continues to be one of the best wrestlers in the world now as he can work so many different styles, and this match is a perfect example of the versatility of his skill set. Tommy End and Chris Hero did a simple, but awesome move where Hero piledrived Fenix after End kicked Fenix in the head. People gave high praise to the main event, but I thought this was WAY better. Only complaint was the leg slap shit during the striking, which plagues pro wrestling in 2016. Shit needs to go away. Anyways, this match ruled. Lots of cool spots, fun near falls, and a really cool finsih. Fenix and Pentagon Jr. got the win. Check this shit out.
Rating: ****1/2
Trevor Lee vs. Kamaitachi
As usual, Trevor Lee continues to be an entertaining heel. The “TNA Superstar' schtick is sorta lame, but the reaction it gets from some of the idiots in the crowd is pretty funny. This match started out fast and exciting, with Trevor Lee attacking Kamaitachi early on. Both guys took some reckless and unnecessary bumps, which was awesome. Kamaitachi did a crazy diving top rope senton onto Trevor Lee on the floor outside of the ring. Really good stuff here. Trevor Lee got the win to advance in the tournament. Good performance from Lee, and a great showing by Kamaitachi. I also liked how this match didn't go too long and drag, which is a problem in a lot of matches on PWG shows.
Rating: ***1/2
Mark Haskins vs. Cedric Alexander
Much like Tommaso Ciampa replacing Jack Gallagher, Cedric Alexander was taking Adam Cole's spot in the tournament. This started out with Haskins doing some fancy, contrived technical/chain wrestling early on before Cedric made a comeback where they had done some overly-choreographed sequences. I know that the way I worded that seems pretty insulting, but let me just say, they timed their overly-choreographed sequence well. Haskins suffers from the same problem that Pete Dunne does, in that he has no personality or real charisma. He's got some talent, but dude is just so fucking bland. I gotta give Cedric a shit load of credit, he was working this match before hitting going to WWE, and he had a great effort in this and didn't mail in his performance. There was a cool spot where Haskins did a standing sweep that I learned as a jiu-jitsu white belt and modified it by transitioning that into a sharpshooter. This was a fun match. Haskins was impressive, but the dude is really bland. Still, I enjoyed this match. Haskins won via submission.
Rating: *** 1/2
Kyle O'Reilly vs. Matthew Riddle
This was Riddle's PWG and Southern California debut. He was in the UFC and shit. I don't want to type more, Google him or check out the interview I did with him after Night 3 of BOLA. He's got very little pro wrestling experience, but he's managed to take his skill sets into pro wrestling and has been pretty successful so far. Both guys did a very well done worked-shoot style match mixed with traditional style pro wrestling. I really enjoyed this match as it had some pretty shit that you really don't see much of in PWG.I also liked how these guys didn't slap their legs while striking. Finish saw Riddle applying a Twister on O'Reilly, only to end up getting pinned by Kyle after countering the submission attempt with a pin. This was a really clever finish. Hopefully PWG brings Riddle back, or that he ends up getting booked by a respectable promotion in the area like AWS.
Rating: ***1/2
Ricochet, Matt Sydal, & Will Ospreay vs. Adam Cole & The Young Bucks
So this is the match that got a Five-Star rating from not only Steve Bryant, but also by Dave Meltzer of the Wrestling Observer Newsletter, but I'll get into that later. Now obviously opinions are subjective, but I really didn't think this match was anywhere near to being a “Five Star” match. That doesn't mean I didn't think this was a fun spotfest, but it didn't live up to the hype it got, especially when there was a badly botched spot int he opening moments. Ricochet had a cool sequence where he did a bunch of overly choreographed spots in a matter of minutes with Cole and the Bucks, there was a cool spot where Adam Cole countered a top rope rana attempt from Sydal by dropping him on the ropes, and the final moments of the match had cool spots like the Shooting Star Meltzer Driver. This was a really good spotfest, but not “Five Stars.”
Rating: **** (Again, this was really good, but not as great as people make it seem to be.)
Now about Meltzer rating this match the way he did. I remember in 2004 when Samoa Joe and CM Punk had a match in ROH that was rated ***** by Dave and didn't agree with the rating when I saw the match. I remember him rating Samoa Joe vs. AJ Styles vs. Christopher Daniels from a TNA PPV in 2005 as ***** and thinking he overtyped it. After that, I stopped giving a shit about his ratings. Don't get me wrong, Dave is probably the most credible wrestling journalist today (Ryan Satin can go fuck himself) and has lots of valuable knowledge/insights on the business, but when it comes to having an opinion, he's just another fan just like me, Steve, the guys who review PWG shows on 411mania, or anyone who goes to/watches shows. I don't think his word is the gospel at all.
People will probably automatically assume it's the best PWG match ever because of Dave's rating, but there were plenty of matches from PWG's past that Dave would've given ***** had he seen them. Matches like Alex Shelley & Chris Sabin vs. Tyler Black (Seth Rollins) & Jimmy Jacobs, the first PAC vs. El Generico match, the first El Generico vs. Bryan Danielson match, Shingo Takagi vs. El Generico, or the Young Bucks vs. Alex Shelley & Chris Sabin. I'm sure there are many more matches that people can name, but to me, those matches were all better than this main event, and it's a shame that a lot of PWG's past matches won't get the type of recognition that this match is getting.
Final Thoughts
I thought Night 2 was pretty good overall. Hero/End vs. Pentagon Jr./Fenix was the best match of the show in my mind. It flowed really well and had lots of good spots. The tournament matches were really solid overall, with guys having impressive individual performances. The main event was a fun spot fest. There was a badly botched spot and some spots that looked too telegraphed, but it was a fun sprint. The three standout performers of the show were Ricochet for his performance in the main event, Mark Andrews with another great performance, and Cody Rhodes for being one of the most enthusiastic wrestlers I've seen on a show since I've started watching wrestling again. I highly recommend checking this show out.
PWG's Battle Of Los Angeles Night 2 is available at the official PWG website and on Highspots.com on DVD and Blu-Ray.
And she is telling Us … she's not going. Jennifer Holliday announced her decision to drop out of Donald Trump's inauguration concert on Saturday, January 14, apologizing to the LGBT community in an open letter she posted on The Wrap. PHOTOS: Celebrities' Political Affiliations In the letter, which she addressed “to my beloved LGBT community,” the 56-year-old music legend humbly apologized for what she called her “lapse of judgment.” (On Friday, January 13, Holliday was among the handful of performers announced on the lineup for Trump's inauguration event.)
“Please allow me this opportunity to speak to you directly and to explain why I originally made my decision to perform at the inauguration which was what I had thought would be my simply keeping in my tradition of being a ‘bi-partisan songbird' having sung for Presidents Reagan, Bush, Clinton and Bush,” she wrote. “I was honestly just thinking that I wanted my voice to be a healing and unifying force for hope through music to help our deeply polarized country … Regretfully, I did not take into consideration that my performing for the concert would actually instead be taken as a political act against my own personal beliefs and be mistaken for support of Donald Trump and Mike Pence.”
According to the Tony- and Grammy-winning artist, it was the headline of a Daily Beast article that showed her the error of her ways. (The article in question was published Friday and bears the headline “Jennifer Holliday Will Perform at Trump's Inauguration, Which Is Heartbreaking to Gay Fans.”)
“I sincerely apologize for my lapse of judgment, for being uneducated on the issues that affect every American at this crucial time in history and for causing such dismay and heartbreak to my fans,” she continued. “Please know that I HEAR YOU and I feel your pain. The LGBT Community was mostly responsible for birthing my career and I am deeply indebted to you.”
Holliday is best known for originating the role of Effie White in Dreamgirls on Broadway in 1981, and her stirring rendition of “And I Am Telling You I'm Not Going” has been lauded by Broadway fans and music aficionados for decades.
On Friday, the Presidential Inaugural Committee announced that the Thursday, January 19, Make America Great Again! Welcome Celebration concert would include acts including country singer Toby Keith, 3 Doors Down, the Piano Guys and the Frontmen of Country. Actor Jon Voight (Angelina Jolie's father) will make an appearance, and the next day America's Got Talent contestant Jackie Evancho is slated to sing the national anthem.
Keith defended his decision to perform at the inauguration event in a statement to Entertainment Weekly: “I don't apologize for performing for our country or military. I performed at events for previous presidents [George W.] Bush and [Barack] Obama and over 200 shows in Iraq and Afghanistan for the USO.”
According to TMZ, legendary singer Paul Anka also backed out of his performance (he was originally set to sing his hit "My Way"), though he insists the decision is not political.
Sign up now for the US Weekly newsletter to get breaking celebrity news, hot pics and more delivered straight to your inbox!
Want stories like these delivered straight to your phone? Download the US Weekly iPhone app now!
After teasing the launch of new “i” product in India, Xiaomi has today finally unveiled the devices. To everyone's surprise, the company has launched Mi Power Bank 2i, where apparently “i” indicates that it is made in India.
Xiaomi has launched two models of its new Mi Power Bank 2i in India — one comes with 10,000mAh battery capacity while the other comes with 20,000mAh battery capacity, for a price of Rs. 799 and Rs. 1,499 respectively. Both power banks will go on sale from November 23 in India and will be available on Mi.com, Mi Home, Amazon and Flipkart.
The 20,000 mAh power bank comes in a polycarbonate case and features two USB ports. It outputs 5.1 V/3.6 A power from each of the ports, that too even when the process of charging two devices simultaneously is undergoing.
It also supports Quick Charge 3.0 for faster charging, but only when one device is getting charged at a tome. On double pressing the power button, it will enable slow charging for low devices such as Bluetooth headset and fitness band. The device weighs 358 grams and comes with a conversion rate of 93 percent.
On the other hand, the 10,000mAh Mi Power Bank 2i comes with a double anodised aluminium design with 14.2mm thickness. As per the company, it has a conversion rate of up to 85 percent.
This one too includes two USB ports that provide support for 5V/2A, 9V/2A and 12V/1.5A charging options for laptops, tablets and smartphones. The device weighs 240 grams and measures 14.2 mm in thickness.
According to the company, the 20,000mAh Mi Power Bank 2i can fully charge Mi A1 4.3 times, Apple iPhone 7 for 7.1 times and iPad Mini 4 for around 2.5 times, while the 10,000mAh Mi Power Bank 2i can charge Mi A1 up to 2.2 times, iPhone 7 for about 3.5 times and iPad Mini 4 for 1.3 times.
The company says that the devices goes through nine levels of stringent quality testing, alonf with three levels of process inspection at each stage. According to Manu Kumar Jain, head of Xiaomi India, the sales of its Mi Power Bank range in India is four times higher than Lenovo.
Read More: Tesla Launches PowerBank And Desktop Supercharger Priced At $45
In India, Xiaomi recently established its third manufacturing facility in Noida, Uttar Pradesh. Previously, the company had set up two smartphone manufacturing plants in Sri City, Andhra Pradesh. In order to start manufacturing the new power bank range locally, Xiaomi partnered with Shenzhen-based Hipad Technology.
In an impressive fossil fuels travel day, I left the Standing Rock reservation and flew to Italy for the International Slow Food gathering known as Terra Madre. A world congress of harvesters, farmers, chefs and political leaders, this is basically the World Food Olympics. This is my fifth trip to Italy for Slow Food. I first went with Margaret Smith, when the White Earth Land Recovery Project won the Slow Food Award for Biodiversity in 2003, for our work to protect wild rice from genetic engineering. This year, I went as a part of the Turtle Island Slow Food Association- the first Indigenous Slow Food members in the world, a delegation over 30 representing Indigenous people from North American and the Pacific. We have some remarkable leaders, they are young and committed.
It is a moment in history for food, as we watch the largest corporate merger in history- Bayer Chemical's purchase of Monsanto for $66 billion; with “crop protection chemicals” that kill weeds, bugs and fungus, seeds, and (likely to be banned in Europe) glyphosate, aka Roundup. Sometimes I just have to ask: ‘Just how big do you all need to be, to be happy?'
In contrast, the Slow Food Movement, grows in depth and numbers. This year, 7000 people gathered from 140 countries to discuss clean, fair and good food; and how we will make that happen. Carlo Petrini, Slow Food's president, reminded us that this is food which is not produced by forcing others from their land, poisoning ecosystems or underpaying farmers. This is the conference of cool cheeses and meats, amazing produce, and lots of chocolate. Those who come, Carlo notes, come to reload themselves with energy and self esteem.” We are, frankly, quite undervalued.
Why is this important? Because on a worldwide scale two billion people suffer from hunger and a billion are obese. You can guess which side of the equation most Americans are on. Food security is the security of society. That security, will not be found in larger corporate mergers. Consider this: Indigenous farmers are already producing, up to 70% of the food in communities, while industrialized agriculture, with $l3 trillion in investments cannot actually feed the world.
If there are founding mothers and fathers of the Turtle Island Slow Food Association some of them were present this year. Margaret Smith from White Earth is deceased, but 80 or so traveled with me to Italy to accept the award. Clayton and Margaret Brascoupe of the Traditional Native American Farmers Association (Santa Clara) have been staunch in their preservation of traditional seeds, and their nurturing of young farmers. Lorraine Gray (Mohawk /Tesuque Pueblo) remains committed to permaculture, longstanding leaders in the food systems- Patti Martinson and Teri Badhand (Taos Community Economic Development Commission), Dan Cornelius ( Intertribal Agriculture Council) successfully worked to secure the purchase of both buffalo and wild rice from tribal producers for the commodities program; and Melissa Nelson of the Cultural Conservancy, remain as a backbone of the Indigenous Slow Food Movement. But this Terra Madre really featured the leadership of a new generation of traditional farmers and food leaders- Denisa Livingston (Dine) has worked tirelessly to implement the Navajo Nation Junk Food Tax, Kaylena Bray to restore California traditional foods, Victor Martinez to restore Ohlone food, language and culture, Aretta Begay (Dine), Elizabeth Hoover (Mohawk, with a forthcoming book called Garden Warriors), Prairie Rose Seminole (Arikara) and of course, Sean Sherman, the Sioux Chef; just to name a few. As a Founding Mother (if that is what I am called) I could not have been more proud of these young people.
Indeed the work is reaffirmed and so important. As Canadian researcher Pat Mooney explains, “Indigenous people work with 7000 crops and one million varieties, while the majority of industrial agriculture has whittled this down to l35 major crops and l03, 000 varieties.” Agribusinesses are clearly losers.
SCROLL TO CONTINUE WITH CONTENT Help Keep Common Dreams Alive Our progressive news model only survives if those informed and inspired by this work support our efforts
The very foods we grow or harvest have very special powers to combine. As Harriet Kuhnlein, from McGill University explains, “…corn, beans and squash; some are nitrogen hungry and some are nitrogen producing...” Make a meal and all is balanced. “Singularly tortillas are at 62 on the glycemic index, and beans are at 22”, Kuhnlein explains. Put together into a meal, they are at 32. Plants are medicine. There are over 300 natural medicines in plants to reduce blood sugar. And, the lessons of l0,000 years of agriculture and the Irish potato famine tell us that diversity is the answer; the way to adapt plants for climate and for survival.
We live in a time, when 41 percent of Minnesota's streams and lakes have excessive nitrogen, all of them in the state's agricultural regions. Nitrogen is a primary cause of the vast oxygen-depleted area in the Gulf of Mexico known as the dead zone. That dead zone is about a thousand square miles, of destroyed ocean. We live in a time when the climate will change, and industrialized agriculture is sucking up billions of dollars to create “climate smart varieties”, (about $l36 million per smart seed creation), when in fact those plants will not be as intelligent as the plants of our ancestors, with all their adaptation and diversity.
To be sure, life makes strange bedfellows. Max Brooks, of the Modern War Institute at West Point appears more concerned, than even I am, about the Bayer/Monsanto merger. Noting the 2013 US Supreme Court decision in Bowman v. Monsanto, which accorded intergenerational seed ownership to the corporation, Brooks is concerned about the half of US farm land already in GMO production and the foreign ownership of all of this food security. “Crops… are the difference between life and death. …American farmers will now be buying those seeds from a foreign power, albeit a friendly one. And I mean a lot of seeds—Monsanto (through its various licensing agreements) controls 80 percent of the corn market and 90 percent of soybeans…” Brooks is worried about the day when Bayer is purchased by a Chinese multinational, and used as leverage in a political battle. Basically, the company which brought gas to the Nazi gas chambers now has control over most American crops.
In the end, what I want and I think we all want, is good food. I will venture to say that I also want a free healthy school lunch guaranteed to every child in America, and that will cost $5 a day per child to pay farmers a decent price. That's what I want. And I want to grow traditional corn without threat of genetic contamination or theft. And I would like to have water. Petrini reminded us of who we are, “ This is a movement which must be based on emotional intelligence. Bayer has bought Monsanto, but we are the multitudes and we are more powerful.”
And for all of you who are snickering at my international fossil fuels travel; I have a final word: Jet Blue announced this past week that it will be buying more than 330 million gallons of renewable fuel over 10 years to get ahead of the curve on greenhouse gases. Delta, you should follow suit.
I'M AT a Scientology church and the Scientologists are pinching me.
They've even left a mark, they're going at it that hard. Although I'm not entirely sure what they're hoping to achieve.
I'm in a bit of pain here, at a Sydney Scientology church, because I'm on a tour they've offered to journalists.
Earlier this week, the Church fired off an email to reporters offering private tours of one of their six Australian places of worship.
Why? Most likely in an attempt to improve their public image.
Because while the Church of Scientology is a household name - thanks to celebrity believers Tom Cruise and Kirstie Alley - they have a terrible problem.
Many Australians think they are absolutely bonkers. For a number of reasons, the most significant being that they apparently believe that 75 million years ago, an alien warlord brought negative spirits to Earth which plague humanity to this day.
Then there are the allegations that their supposed 'science' is a crock, that they're in it to make money, that they exploit child labour... which Scientologists generally say are malicious lies told by former believers.
And then there are other public image problems, like Tom Cruise's prominent role in the Church.
There are signs that this negative perception has damaged the local Church. Last year one of the Church's most prominent figures resigned, taking a dramatic swipe at the Scientology leadership.
And figures from the latest Census report that the number of Scientologists in Australia dropped significantly over the last decade – by more than 13 per cent between 2006 and 2011.
So I took the Church up on their offer of a private tour because I wanted an answer to a simple question.
Are these people really as crazy as they're made out to be? From their unusual uniforms to a strange pinching examination, today news.com.au takes a firsthand look.
Not your average church
One thing stands out when you walk into a Scientology church -- this isn't your traditional place of worship.
It's futuristic. Some would even say it's cool. Don't think of wooden pews, or kindly old men offering confession. (And no, there aren't any stained glass windows of Tom Cruise jumping on Oprah's couch).
Imagine a military base in a sci-fi thriller. There's a dash of Star Wars in the air, with all the fluorescent lights around. The concourse roof is a mirror. And nearly everyone is dressed like they're in the Navy.
I walk in and step towards their reception desk when the Church's long-time Australian spokeswoman, Virginia Stewart, pops up out of nowhere.
"Daniel? I saw you come in," she says, shaking my hand and beginning to show me around the facility.
But first, I've got a few questions. Men and women are milling around in white-collared shirts, black pants and shoes. Kind of like they were inspired by Cruise in Top Gun. Some even have patches on their shoulders indicating their high-ranking. What's with the dress code?
"The staff in this church are members of the Sea Org," explains Ms Stewart -- one of the few people dressed in your typical business-wear.
The "Org" are the Church's most dedicated members, who have committed their lives to the religion.
That explains why ranks in the religion are military-based. For instance, the founder of Scientology, science fiction author L. Ron Hubbard, held the Church's top rank - "Commodore".
The Org even have a cruise ship anchored in the Caribbean, the Freewinds, which they use as a religious retreat, says Ms Stewart. (A poster in the church has the vessel Photoshopped into Sydney Harbour. It's never visited Australia.)
But you really can't get too far into a conversation with a Scientologist without asking about--
"--the alien thing?" Ms Stewart sees where I'm steering our conversation and rolls her eyes. "We only ever hear about that from the media."
'The alien thing' is what's popularly known as Scientology's creation theory -- their 'Jesus moment'.
Ex-followers have spilled to the media that Scientologists believe, in a nutshell, that an alien warlord brought evil spirits to Earth 75 million years ago.
Warlord Xenu's galaxy was overpopulated, so he dropped billions of aliens in Earth's volcanoes and hydrogen bombed them to smithereens.
Their disembodied souls apparently exist today and produce warped emotions in humans -- unless humans follow Scientology beliefs.
The Xenu thing has been mocked relentlessly, most memorably by an 8-minute segment on South Park.
The Church of Scientology has strenuously denied the alien story, claiming that people only cite it to ridicule them. And their Australian arm says: "Scientology has no religious belief that we are descended from aliens or have aliens living inside us."
If the Church does follow alien beliefs, as has been indicated, it's something the Church wishes to keep top secret.
How you become a Scientologist
In 2008, a Church of Scientology promotional video featuring Tom Cruise was leaked onto the internet. Cruise said: "I think it's a privilege to call yourself a Scientologist, because it's something you have to earn."
As far as I can see, "earning" the right to be a Scientologist involves a lot of hard work... (One wall of the Church even has a 'star chart' - like you would see in a primary school classroom - that monitor how far individual Scientologists have progressed in their coursework.)
And some money, too, that goes into maintaining the Church. They compare it to parishioners funding a Reverend.
At the beginning, though, it seems like a walk in the park. New recruits go through what is essentially a three week detox involving vitamins, tests and sitting in a sauna.
But there is a reason part of the Scientology Church building is more reminiscent of a university library than a religious institution.
To be a Scientologist, you have to study the "scriptures" of the religion in the chronological order L. Ron Hubbard wrote them, by participating in various courses.
Some of the courses can take weeks to complete and are sold as lessons that can improve your life, such as "How To Get Motivated" and "How to Improve Relationships". The upper limit is between $700 and $1400.
I peek into one of the classrooms. Everyone looks very absorbed in what they're studying. What are those two Sea Org officers doing at the head of the classroom, though?
Ms Stewart tells me the officers are monitoring for "physiological signs" that the students are "not understanding" the course content.
That is, if the supervisors see that you look bored or tired or listless, they'll be sure to get you back on the straight and narrow.
It's a hardcore study camp.
The Scientologists were not the only ones being monitored. I am too.
Another Church spokeswoman, Sei Broadhurst, follows me around holding a white iPhone in her hand. I believe she is recording our conversation.
Unusual practices
As a Scientologist, you have "the ability to create new or better realities", Cruise explained in his famous leaked interview.
And Scientology's spokeswoman Virginia Stewart gave me a practical demonstration of another part of the process they are required to follow to reach that point.
They use a method they call "auditing".
We're walking down a long corridor in the "auditing" wing of the Church. And Ms Stewart is explaining how auditing is essentially the religion's twist on counselling.
It involves the use of an "E-Meter", a low voltage electrical device which (the Scientologists say) can measure changes in electrical charges in the body that are caused by "emotional distress". A counsellor walks a Scientologist (or prospective one), through the implications of the machine's results.
A pamphlet explains the process is designed to help "guide you onto your personal path to success ... ultimately becoming an expert on the subject of you".
Once a newcomer has completed the auditing process they are judged as reaching a "state of Clear" – when somebody is no longer affected by irrational fears.
Little booths branch off from the corridor we are standing in, with two chairs, a table and an E-Meter in each one.
But I can hear an eerie, white noise coming from the corridor.
What is that sound? I wonder. "Is that noise from the E-Meters?" I ask.
Oh, that. The Scientologists explain the noise is all about privacy. Ms Stewart says it's used to block out sound so people cannot hear what's going on in the booths. And so they don't get disturbed by things happening outside.
In Scientology, no one can hear you being audited.
"Every corridor has the white noise," she explains, matter-of-factly.
The final test
Given what I've just seen, it's with some hesitation that I'm submitting to an E-Meter test. Plugging yourself into an electrical device for a strange religion is unnerving.
I'm gripping onto the handles of the device and I can feel an electrical sensation beneath my fingertips.
The Scientologists get me to "think about a recent argument I've had".
That's supposed to make the meter on the device move. It doesn't, leaving the Scientologists disappointed.
They tell me that pain is apparently supposed to get a reaction from the device. So Ms Stewart starts pinching me.
It does nothing. They keep at it, but all it does is leave a mark on my wrist.
"Have you had any drugs or alcohol?" one of their spokespeople asks me after another lacklustre result. Nope. It's 11am on a Thursday.
The meter does jump dramatically when I think about another incident in the past that gets me a little worked up...
But honestly, I reckon that might have been because my hands might have moved during the process.
Ms Stewart says the process does not work if someone is a non-believer or not interested.
Maybe that was it. Maybe I'm just sceptical. Or maybe it's all a complete hoax.
It's worth pointing out the American Psychiatric Association has advised against psychiatrists practising Scientology techniques.
A different kind of people
The Scientologists emphasise that they're well-meaning. And they're perfectly friendly. They send volunteers to disaster zones like Queensland after the 2011 floods. They don't stop talking about spiritual growth.
"It helps us know real answers to what life is," Ms Stewart says as we start to wrap up.
But they've also been ridiculed in the media, and slagged as a "criminal organisation" in federal Parliament by Senator Nick Xenophon. Any attempts to rehabilitate their image will take years - if they can.
They worry about being "treated unfairly" by the media and reckon their religion isn't all that different to any other.
Around the end of our chat I ask Virginia Stewart, who has been the Church's spokeswoman since 1996, how long she's been with the church. Turns out she has been with them all her life.
But to an outsider like me, the Church's practices just seem bewildering.
It's lucky they pinched me.
If they didn't I probably would've had to do it myself -- so I wouldn't pass it all off as a strange dream.
With or without aliens.
Talk about this story on Twitter: @newscomauHQ
Will Liz lie under oath to protect her ex?
Red (James Spader) may have intercepted the key witness in the case of the murdered DC harbormaster, but that didn't save Liz (Megan Boone) from having to go to trial on Thursday's episode of The Blacklist (9/8c, NBC). "She is brought in because of evidence collected by Det. Wilcox (Michael Kostroff)," Boone tells TVGuide.com. "He turns out to be a very aggressive investigator. It's either Liz goes in or Cooper's reputation is on the line because Cooper (Harry Lennix) is called in to confirm that it was official business, and he doesn't want to perjure himself."
POLL: Are The Blacklist's Tom and Liz made for each other? Vote!
Although Liz claims that the circumstances surrounding the harbormaster's death is FBI business, viewers know that there's another reason she wants to keep things hush-hush: her ex Tom (Ryan Eggold) strangled the harbormaster to cover for Liz. But with major criminal charges on the line, wouldn't turning in Tom be the best and most prudent way to exonerate her?
"Ostensibly, that's true, but with Red in the picture, a new way always seems to crop up," Boone says. "He's got something up his sleeve. Also, you have to keep in mind Red's relationship with Tom and how that's going to affect his decision on how to handle the situation. But you know he'll always do everything he can to protect Lizzie. The Major, the [episode's] actual Blacklister, has a lot to do with protecting Lizzie as well and has a lot to do with Tom's story line. We'll find out a little bit more about where Tom comes from and his past and how he became a spy."
Check out what else Boone has to say about Liz's strategy, her feelings for Tom and more:
What is Liz like on trial? Does this interfere with her ability to do her job?
Megan Boone: Liz is actually so preoccupied with the trial that she doesn't have anything to do with chasing down the Blacklister this week, which is the first time she's been taken out of commission for the task force. She ends up in the judge's chamber speaking one-on-one with him and a stenographer. He wants her to divulge all of the information about her life ever since she met Red. It becomes this cat-and-mouse [game] in which she tries to keep as many secrets about the task force that she can, but is persuaded to give information so that he can feel satisfied enough to say in court that it's more important to national security that this task force remain a secret than to go into a public trial over this murder. It becomes a very interesting psychological thriller between Liz and the judge as to how she's going to get herself out of this.
In an earlier interview, you said that it's too simple to say that Liz is in love with Tom, but perhaps there's a co-dependence? He even called her before going undercover again.
Boone: I think that there are very intense feelings there that border on love and hatred. What I have been quoted as saying in the past is that there's no longer a clean, sensible, pure love between them. It has become a relationship that has become toxic in my mind. Whenever someone in a relationship changes, the dynamic between the two people change. So the question really is now, "Does Tom seek redemption? Or does Liz go so far to the dark side that they can now become collaborators in some way?" If their relationship is to continue, they're in that paradox now.
In a TVGuide.com poll, 63 percent of votes were against Tom and Liz together. But the Red-Liz (Lizzington) 'shippers out there seem to be vocal.
Boone: I'm very well aware of them. They actually have the loudest 'shipper voice on social media.
They must have been thrilled with the last episode when Red is about to be shot, and he calls out, "Lizzie," right before he's saved.
Boone: Yes, and when she says, "I care about you." I think the interesting thing about Red Reddington is that ostensibly he's a sociopath. Only terror lies before him, and there's destruction in his wake. But the people who are closest to him love him dearly. Dembe (Hisham Tawfiq) and Lizzie both love Red. Even though Lizzie has a very conflicted relationship with that love because she knows who he is, she shows these people a side of him that not very many other people see. That is where the Lizzington crowd comes from. They sense that. And because the audience sees that side of Red, they want that side of Red to prevail.
Who is Tom Keen? Blacklist producers and star tease mystery man's return
What can you say about The Fulcrum? Is the device that Liz got from the rabbit and handed to Aram really The Fulcrum?
Boone: Lizzie believes that that's The Fulcrum. She's admitted to Reddington that she has it because she thinks that's what it is. I'm in the dark about it.
There's a side story about Cooper and his brain tumor and a clinical trial. Does this tie in with the main Blacklist theme or is this a side story?
Boone: This is a B story line, but there's a blackmail going on with Tom Connolly (Reed Birney). He's conducting a blackmail scheme with Cooper, so that's going to possibly tie in with a Blacklister in the future.
We recently saw Amanda Plummer as The Deer Hunter. Is there another female Blacklister coming up?
Boone: There is. There are more female Blacklisters. I think it's so great how many people really seeing Amanda Plummer because for some reason, all of these monsters [have been traditionally] male, and female monsters are so interesting. Like, a female serial killer poisons you slowly. They are deadly. I just want to see more and more of that come to the forefront because understanding the psychology of an evil woman and writing to that, to me is so underutilized and so interesting.
Is there one of those that you can tease coming up in terms of how similar or dissimilar she is from The Deer Hunter?
Boone: The next female Blacklister [Vanessa Cruz, played by Nacho Libre's Ana de la Reguera] is different because she uses her sexuality to lure her victims. The Deer Hunter was initially identified as a man because it was a man, but it was more like an asexual predatorial thing. Whereas this one is very sexual.
How is it going between Aram (Amir Arison) and Samar (Mozhan Marno)? It looks like she started a little flirtation with him. Will that continue to develop?
Boone: I think so. All I know from my perspective is that Mozhan and Amir are having a lot of fun playing it. I think the writers have a lot of fun writing those two characters. Mozhan brought a lot of slow-burn kinds of sexiness to the war room that we didn't have. And Amir brought an energy and a vitality to the war room that is just so vigorous. I love working with him, both of them. Bringing them together was such a great idea because of this polarity they create. One is just rooted to the ground, and the other is flitting around the air filled with excitement.
The Blacklist airs Thursdays at 9/8c on NBC.
TODAY'S VIDEO: Watch the Grey's Anatomy cast try to say these medical tongue twisters!
We are little over three months away from the production start date of Star Wars Episode VII and we have yet another casting rumor to address surrounding the film. While no one has officially been cast, despite the numerous high profile names that have been flying around, a new casting call has surfaced thanks to Yahoo! UK.
Per a casting call the site picked up on, the production of Star Wars Episode VII is looking for a tall actor with upright posture who is also thin and slim — you know, like a Wookie.
“Tall Man (Male, 21 – 60) Male, 7 ft to 7.3 ft tall with a slim/thin build and upright posture. Not too worked out or too ‘thick set' especially in the shoulders. Broad facial features would be a bonus.”
This is a casting development that had to have been expected by Star Wars fans as recent health issues have caused long time Chewbacca actor Peter Mayhew to drop out of the new film. But while the actor who is cast as the new Chewbacca will never actually have his face shown on screen, he'll be stepping into an iconic role that will forever change his life.
Mayhew has made a living off of being the guy who played Chewbacca in the original Star Wars films and has become a staple at Star Wars cons all over the world. So stepping into the suit of Chewbacca is more than just starring in a Star Wars movie, it's accepting the torch from Mayhew and taking on the life he's being forced to leave behind.
Of course, there's nothing official that says the casting call is for the next Chewbacca, but it doesn't take a Bonthan Spy to put the pieces together.
Once you have Windows 8 up and running, the first thing you'll want to do is start installing the apps you need to get things done. Thankfully, Microsoft's new Windows 8 store offers quick access to a number of the applications you'd normally have to go hunt down anyway, but it also has some real treasures worth downloading. Here are some of the best.
Advertisement
Mail, Calendar, People, and Messaging - You probably already have these apps pre-loaded with WIndows 8. If you don't grab them first. As their names imply, they give you quick access to your email, calendar and contacts right from the Start Screen. Mail and Calendar support multiple account types, including Microsoft and Outlook.com accounts, Google accounts, and others. People can connect with Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn, and Outlook. Messaging gives you access to MSN and Facebook friends.
- You probably already have these apps pre-loaded with WIndows 8. If you don't grab them first. As their names imply, they give you quick access to your email, calendar and contacts right from the Start Screen. Mail and Calendar support multiple account types, including Microsoft and Outlook.com accounts, Google accounts, and others. People can connect with Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn, and Outlook. Messaging gives you access to MSN and Facebook friends. Kindle - While the Kindle app for Windows 8 works especially well on Surface tablets, it works just as well on your Windows 8 desktop or laptop. Sign in with your Amazon account to get access to all of your Kindle books, and you can even pin them to the Start Screen to get right back to a book you're reading. All of the features you would expect in a Kindle app—highlighting, dictionary lookup, text and background colors, font size, and more—are all available in the app.
- While the Kindle app for Windows 8 works especially well on Surface tablets, it works just as well on your Windows 8 desktop or laptop. Sign in with your Amazon account to get access to all of your Kindle books, and you can even pin them to the Start Screen to get right back to a book you're reading. All of the features you would expect in a Kindle app—highlighting, dictionary lookup, text and background colors, font size, and more—are all available in the app. Google Search - If you still prefer Google to Bing, the Google Search app for Windows 8 puts Google in a nice big tile right on your home screen. The app gives you a nice, simple search bar, but also lets you voice search, gives you quick access to Google services like Gmail, Google News, Google Drive, and Google Reader, and more. It'd be nice to have a Google Search bar right on the Start Screen, but maybe in the next update.
Advertisement
Evernote - If you're a heavy Evernote user, the Evernote app for Windows 8 lets you browse, edit, organize, and manage your notebooks and notes right from the Start Screen. The app doesn't do anything that the webapp doesn't do, but it's a fast and free way to get to all of your notes without going to the Desktop, opening your preferred browser, and logging in. The Windows 8 app saves you more than a few steps, and gets you working right away.
- If you're a heavy Evernote user, the Evernote app for Windows 8 lets you browse, edit, organize, and manage your notebooks and notes right from the Start Screen. The app doesn't do anything that the webapp doesn't do, but it's a fast and free way to get to all of your notes without going to the Desktop, opening your preferred browser, and logging in. The Windows 8 app saves you more than a few steps, and gets you working right away. MetroTwit - Our favorite Twitter client for Windows, MetroTwit for Windows 8 looks just as good on the Start Screen as it does on the desktop. You can view your streams side-by-side, browse user profiles, update your own stream, view and manage lists, everything you would expect from a solid Twitter client. The free version is ad-supported and only lets you manage one account. If you shell out $5 for the Pro version, you can manage multiple accounts and remove the ads.
Advertisement
TuneIn Radio - For those of us who enjoy a little streaming music or internet radio while we work, TuneIn Radio, one of your favorite internet radio services, has a Windows 8 app and live tile that gives you complete access to the service's massive catalog of streaming music stations, terrestrial radio stations that simulcast on the internet, and global stations with live streams. Once you hit play, the live tile shows you what you're currently listening to, and you can open other apps, go to the desktop, or get to work without having to go all the way back to the app to quickly check what you're listening to. You can even pin your favorite stations to the Start Screen.
- For those of us who enjoy a little streaming music or internet radio while we work, TuneIn Radio, one of your favorite internet radio services, has a Windows 8 app and live tile that gives you complete access to the service's massive catalog of streaming music stations, terrestrial radio stations that simulcast on the internet, and global stations with live streams. Once you hit play, the live tile shows you what you're currently listening to, and you can open other apps, go to the desktop, or get to work without having to go all the way back to the app to quickly check what you're listening to. You can even pin your favorite stations to the Start Screen. Skitch - Skitch for Windows 8 puts all of the tools of the desktop app on the Start Screen, including the ability to annotes and decorate images, manage uploads to your account, browse images you've already uploaded, and more. You can use the app to take photos from your webcam and upload that, or you can use Skitch to edit pictures already saved to your computer before sharing them.
Advertisement
FlightAware - One of the nice things about the Start Screen is that it gives you quick access to useful information, often through live tiles. If you travel, or have to pick someone up who's on their way to you, FlightAware tells you more than you could possibly want to know about your flight. Its arrival time, date, current position, even its altitude and speed are all available, and if you need to know when someone's landed, you can create notifications for specific flights so you'll know when to leave for the airport. You can even track national flight delays, so you know if you're in for a rough time when you get there.
- One of the nice things about the Start Screen is that it gives you quick access to useful information, often through live tiles. If you travel, or have to pick someone up who's on their way to you, FlightAware tells you more than you could possibly want to know about your flight. Its arrival time, date, current position, even its altitude and speed are all available, and if you need to know when someone's landed, you can create notifications for specific flights so you'll know when to leave for the airport. You can even track national flight delays, so you know if you're in for a rough time when you get there. XBox SmartGlass - Even if you don't have a Windows 8 tablet, we think that XBox SmartGlass is worth installing if you do have an XBox 360 in your house. Since you can use your computer as a second screen for your XBox through SmartGlass, you can control the browser on your 360 to bring up web pages, you can redeem codes and download games, and if you have downloaded music and video on your Windows 8 PC, you can push them to your 360 to display on the big screen effortlessly. Plus, as more XBox 360 games incorporate SmartGlass features, anyone with a Windows 8 desktop or laptop in your house will be able to interact with the people playing on the TV in the living room.
Advertisement
Windows 8 Cheat Keys - The Start Screen and all of the changes to Windows 8 are difficult to get used to, we understand that. Windows 8 Cheat Keys is an app that helps you get the hang of it quickly. The app offers multiple tips, time-saving hints, and shortcuts every day to help you navigate Windows 8 like a pro. In no time, you'll be old hat and wondering, "Windows 7 what?"
Advertisement
The Windows 8 Store is surprisingly large and full of useful apps for an OS and product this new, so don't hesitate to try something new if it looks like it'll be useful for you. There were plenty of apps we didn't cover here because they were either really geared towards Windows 8 tablets like the Surface, or because they came from developers we weren't terribly familiar with. Just like with mobile apps, make sure you take a look at the developer and the permissions an app requires before you install it, and a good glance at the reviews won't hurt either, although you should always take those with a grain of salt.
We should also note that reading news and browsing headlines on the Start Screen was a joy—and there are plenty of apps for newspapers, magazines, and even some tech blogs. Most of the apps just reformat the top stories and articles for comfortable tiled viewing, but it's definitely a fun and interesting way to surf the headlines. With more apps coming to the Windows 8 Store every day, if you don't find an app specifically for your favorite web site or service, just stay tuned—it'll likely appear quickly.
The letterhead said “Riverview Corridor” and carried an authentic-looking logo of a train or bus in motion. The contact information provided the phone number to the Ramsey County Regional Rail Authority.
But the written announcement was an April Fools' Day hoax of elaborate proportions: “Since the West Seventh route has proven unworkable, the Corridor will now be known as the Grandview Corridor and will make its way from downtown to the west along St. Paul's iconic Grand Avenue.”
Ramsey County officials studying a potential bus or rail route from downtown St. Paul to the Minneapolis-St. Paul International Airport say they have no intention of rerouting their plans down Grand Avenue, and they're calling a flier announcing a Grand Avenue route a misleading April Fools' prank.
The flier, which has appeared on Facebook and was even posted to the announcement board of one or more secure condominium buildings, announces a “public engagement opportunity” at 5 p.m. April 1 at Mitchell-Hamline School of Law on Summit Avenue.
Andrew Rorvig, president of the Summit-Hill Association/District 16 Planning Council, said Tuesday that an unknown number of residents attempted to attend the fake meeting, and complaints to the district council have been steady.
“We had gotten quite a few calls, or emails and communications, and we put out some notices this afternoon on our social media just to let people know it was not accurate,” said Rorvig, noting that residents are still miffed about an aborted plan to install city parking meters along Grand Avenue. “After our run-in with parking meters, people are a little on edge about surprises coming from the city.”
Rorvig added: “I worry that this may be another example of certain groups trying to pit Main Street businesses and historic preservation against transit options.”
At RiverviewCorridor.com, county planners have posted their own notice setting the record straight: “There was not a meeting scheduled for Saturday, April 1 and the information in the flyer was false.” Related Articles Ordway 2019-20 season has ‘The Color Purple,' ‘Groundhog Day,' ‘Once on This Island'
Highland Park Middle School online threat began with argument at school, police say
Minnesota United will have company. Here's what's up with 5 tenants moving in near Allianz Field.
Chai Lee, Kris Fredson among 17 members chosen for Met Council
St. Paul company develops Uber-like service for disabled passengers
It goes on to say: “It has come to our attention that some neighbors acted on the information and attempted to attend the falsely advertised public meeting. The Riverview Corridor Transit Study team has gone to great lengths to seek meaningful public participation in our work to improve transit connections in St. Paul. We value the time people choose to contribute to this work and take your ideas and concerns very seriously. We seek to be respectful of your time.”
The ongoing Riverview Corridor Transit Study is examining potential bus and rail routes both on and near West Seventh Street, as well as a five-mile rail spur owned by the Canadian Pacific Railway. More public meetings are planned this summer.
GoPro needs a win. The company's name may be synonymous with action cameras, but the market it helped pioneer nearly 15 years has long since become overcrowded by cheaper and more specialized option designed by big and small names alike.
The company recently outlined plans to adapt its small and nimble cameras into a virtual reality play with the Omni, but it's the Karma that most longtime onlookers have been watching. GoPro has been developing its own drone for some time now, first partnering with quadcopter stalwart DJI on the project, and then eventually going it alone.
After a planned early 2016 planned release, Karma is finally ready to take flight.
The drone's key selling point is portability – a definite benefit for a product designed to take on the go, alongside the company's small cameras. This comes courtesy of fold-up wings. To really drive the point home, the Karma ships with its own backpack, so it can be bagged up and taken along on a bike ride or ski trip.
[gallery ids="1388717,1388716,1388711,1388708,1388702,1388701,1388727,1388729,1388730"]
Also interesting is the inclusion of a three-axis camera stabilizer (“Hollywood caliber stabilization,” according to the company) that can be pulled off the drone and attached to the company's Karma Grip, for on the go, stabilized shooting, akin to what DJI is offering up with its own gimbals.
Aside from the portability, the Grip is probably the drone's most interesting feature — and will most likely be available as a standalone at some point, giving users the opportunity to get steady footage during your standard Mountain Dew-infused extreme sport jaunt, without having to plunk down cash for an entire drone.
The drone also ships with a touchscreen controller that makes it possible to operate the vehicle without the need for a smartphone or tablet. It's priced at $799 and is compatible with the Hero4 and Hero5. There's also a bundle with the Session camera for $999 and one with the Black, priced at $1,099.
There won't be any balloons dropping from the ceiling to mark this milestone. And if there are any bells and whistles, it will only be from the metal detector.
The American Civil Liberties Union held a news conference this morning to commemorate what it says is the addition of the millionth name to the nation's terrorist watch list. The number is a calculation based on a 2007 Justice Department inspector general report, which said the database had 700,000 records and was growing by an average of 20,000 a month.
Since then, the ACLU has dutifully kept a tally on its Web site. The event and the counter are mostly symbolic -- a theatrical way for the ACLU to call attention to "bloated watch lists" that have caused traveling trouble for Nelson Mandela, Sen. Ted Kennedy, federal air marshals and lots of people named Robert Johnson.
“Members of Congress, nuns, war heroes and other ‘suspicious characters,' with names like Robert Johnson and Gary Smith, have become trapped in the Kafkaesque clutches of this list, with little hope of escape,” Caroline Fredrickson, director of the ACLU Washington Legislative Office, said in a statement.
But are there really a million people on the terrorist watch list?
“No,” says Chad Kolton, spokesman for the FBI's Terrorist Screening Center, which manages the list.
There are only 400,000 on it, and 95 percent are not U.S. “persons.” (Persons = citizens plus others with a legal right to be in the U.S.)
The “million” number refers to records. The difference is a result of listing several different aliases or spellings for a suspected terrorist.
“That is not the same as 1 million names or 1 million individuals,” Mr. Kolton said. “It's a little bit frustrating because I feel like they are getting away with muddying up the terms.”
The ACLU's focus on the number clouds the success of the program, he added. Screening and law enforcement agencies encountered the actual people on the watch list (not false matches) more than 53,000 times from December 2003 to May 2007, according to a Government Accountability Office report last fall.
“The watch list has enhanced the U.S. government's counterterrorism efforts by (1) helping frontline screening agencies obtain information to determine the level of threat a person poses and the appropriate action to take, if any, and (2) providing the opportunity to collect and share information on known or appropriately suspected terrorists with law enforcement agencies and the intelligence community,” the auditors wrote.
The addition of 20,000 names a month is a sign of increased military and intelligence efforts in the Middle East and Southeast Asia in the past few years, Mr. Kolton said. He noted that with 6.7 billion people in the world, “the small fraction of a fraction that are involved in terrorist activities still yield very large numbers.”
Still, 400,000 names. That's one terrorist for every 16,775 people in the world.
That large net ensnares many innocent travelers, leading to an erosion of civil liberties, the ACLU argues. People flagged by the watch list have reported having to go through extra screening or having to answer numerous questions to prove they are who they say they are. Others have been prevented from getting on planes.
Akif Rahman, a computer consultant who spoke at the press conference, said he has been repeatedly detained at airports and border crossings when trying to re-enter the country, according to a copy of his comments provided by the ACLU.
Once, after visiting relatives in Canada, “I was detained for more than five hours – extensively questioned, physically manhandled by a federal officer and shackled to a chair,” he said. “I was afraid, angry and humiliated. I simply could not believe this – I was born a U.S. citizen, simply re-entering my own country.”
The FBI and the Transportation Security Administration, which handles security at airport checkpoints, say they recognize passengers' frustration and are doing what they can to stem false hits.
Frequently-stopped passengers who want to clear up the confusion about their identity can log on to a Department of Homeland Security Web site, where they can provide more information about themselves.
In addition, after three false matches, the Terrorist Screening Center checks the record in the watch list to see if the information is correct, if there's any new information and if the person needs to be on the list at all, Mr. Kolton said.
New York was named the country's best city for biking this week by Bicycling magazine. Rising from seventh place on the publication's previous list (in 2012), New York City beat out reigning cycling hubs like Portland, which fell from first in 2012 to fourth this year, and Minneapolis, which dropped from second to third place.
The magazine based its rankings on a number of factors indicating how a city accommodates bikers. One is bike-sharing programs, which have been launched in metropolitan areas across the country in recent years. New York's Citi Bike is the nation's largest, hosting more than 10.3 million rides (and zero deaths) since its May 2013 launch. Other important factors included bike lanes and safety, areas where New York has excelled, having adding more than 400 miles of bike lanes in the past five years. Then there's the sheer number of people who bike in the city: New York's bicycle commuters doubled to nearly 35,000 from 2008 to 2012.
The other top 10 cities on the list are Chicago; Washington, DC; Boulder, Colorado; San Francisco; Seattle; Fort Collins, Colorado; and Cambridge, Massachusetts.
Bicycling also named the worst place to bike in the country: Suffolk County, a New York City suburb on Long Island.
The obvious question, after the worst start of Jon Lester's career: Is he hurt?
His manager says no. The pitching coach says no. The Red Sox left-hander says no.
So did a scout who was in Fenway Park Sunday. “It did not look like it,'' he said.
What, then, did the scout see?
“His delivery lacked angle,'' he said. “Because of that his fastball was often up in the zone with flat action, rather than driving it down as he has in the past. He also seemed to have a limited feel for changing speeds to slow the Jays' bats. They were dialed into his speed, and looking for something up in the zone. They got it often.''
All four of Toronto's home runs off Lester Sunday came on pitches up in the zone.
The most incomprehensible aspect of Lester's season has been his performance at home. Among big-league pitchers with 20 innings or more at home Lester's 7.39 is the highest in the American League. Last season, Lester had a 3.49 ERA at home in 13 starts.
Lester has given up 12 home runs in 67 innings already at Fenway this season, compared to 7 in 80 innings in 2011. He has allowed 93 hits and 24 walks, leaving him with a WHIP (walks plus hits per inning) of 1.75, highest in the American League. And the 38 extra-base hits he has allowed at home are the most in baseball.
Lester, while professing his love for Boston in an interview last week with ESPNBoston.com, seemed receptive to the possibility of being traded, which was an unthinkable prospect when this season started, less so now.
"It's not up to me,'' he said. “One thing I know in baseball is you should never be comfortable where you are. It doesn't matter who you are. It's a business. If I got traded tomorrow, no hard feelings, it's a business.
"Would I be sad? Yeah. Like I said, we've got a house here, we made a lot of good friends here, we just started a foundation here. It'd be tough. It'd be tough on my family, but it is what it is. It's like being transferred in a business -- you've got to go where they tell you."
Lester even hinted that a change of scenery might be beneficial.
"That's one of those questions you don't know until it happens or doesn't happen," he said. "I think if you asked Youk that he'd say the same thing. Hey, I love it here, but I don't know if a change of scenery is good. I haven't had a change of scenery. I think when you leave Boston, unless you go to a New York or Chicago, it can't do anything but help you.
"This is a tough place to play, you know? I love playing here because it makes people accountable. ... I love that part about this place, but I think if you go from here to, I don't know, Texas, it would probably be easier to play. You don't have to worry about other things. You just go out and play."
This quest for cable freedom has been a couple of years in the works. Before I called the cable company to bid my farewell I imagined that I would need a vast array of devices to fill the entertainment void: a device for games, something for television shows, a contraption for streaming movies through Netflix and, finally, something to control all of the above. But it turns out a computer can do all those tasks with some software upgrades and a wireless keyboard and mouse.
I have to be honest, this isn't as easy as just plugging a computer into a monitor, sitting back and watching a movie. There's definitely a slight learning curve. One difficult part of this equation was getting used to the wireless mouse. We use a mouse called the Loop, made by Hillcrest Labs, that costs $99. The Loop looks more like a chocolate-frosted doughnut with buttons than something that navigates a television set. To navigate the screen you hold it out and wave your hand from side to side as if you are conducting an orchestra.
As for the computer, you don't specifically need a Mac Mini. This set up can work with most inexpensive PCs; just make sure the video card can handle the streaming video requirements. Our refurbished Mac Mini cost $380 online.
Although the initial investment was costly, totaling $550, it took only a few months to recoup the money. Back in the olden days of cable we were forced to shell out a relatively standard $140 a month, for television service alone. This cost gave us access to a digital video recorder and hundreds of unwatched TV channels.
Photo
Contrast this with today, where our only expense is $9 a month to stream Netflix videos from the Web and the $30 a month that we always spent on an Internet connection. O.K., maybe that's not completely accurate. When the wireless keyboard died a few weeks ago I was forced to spend another $4 for two new AA batteries. We've not yet recovered from that financial loss.
We still come home from work and watch any number of shows, just like the people who continue to pay for cable. We just do it a little differently, starting the computer and then using services like Hulu, Boxee, iTunes and Joost. Another interesting twist to this experience is that we're no longer limited to consuming traditional programming. With these applications we can spend an entire evening flicking through videos from YouTube, CollegeHumor or Web-only programs.
Here are a few of the applications on our home setup:
Boxee is probably the most clicked icon on our television. You can download this free open-source application from Boxee.tv. It's important to note that it's still in test phase and a little rough around the pixels, but over all it allows you to access almost any type of video content online. You can easily stream CNN, Current TV, PBS and more. Most important for us, Boxee easily allows access to the Netflix streaming service, which offers up thousands of movies and television shows (just not always the most popular options).
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
Next there is Hulu Desktop, the joint venture among Fox, NBC, ABC and many other mainstream programming outlets. This service allows you to watch more than 1,700 television shows, including traditional favorites like “30 Rock,” “The Daily Show With Jon Stewart” and “The Office.” Hulu's downloadable desktop application, as opposed to hulu.com, works extremely well with large screens. Apple's iTunes application replicates all the features of Apple TV, allowing you to buy or rent movies and listen to your music collection.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Be warned though that iTunes can get expensive. If you watch premium-cable television shows, you can pay more than $40 for the season of a single show. But even that is less than one month of cable. Since there are so many other entertainment options online, we just skip “Dexter” and “Weeds.” Trust me, there is a lot of great free or ad-supported content out there.
Finally there's Joost.com. Although it's not a downloadable application and only accessible through a Web browser, Joost offers free streaming movies and a strange variety of cartoons.
While Microsoft's Xbox 360 (starting at $200), is not absolutely necessary for this setup, it delivers an array of lively entertainment options. I can, of course, play video games, but I can also rent movies (through the Xbox marketplace or through Netflix's online viewing service), and browse Twitter and Facebook, with a new feature that lets you watch a streaming interface of your social networks flow across the screen.
I understand this kind of living room experience isn't for everyone. It's a lot less work to just click a button up or down on a standard remote control. And it can be difficult to explain how to use this unfamiliar toolbox of buttons, programs and devices.
Over Thanksgiving a friend graciously house-sat at our apartment. It took my wife more than an hour to write a detailed description explaining how to use our new TV setup. After explaining how to use the mouse and keyboard, we had to describe how to switch among applications. The instructions read:
“If you want to watch “Ugly Betty,” or “Saturday Night Live,” you will need to load up Hulu. If you'd like to watch some of the movies we've downloaded, you will have to quit Hulu, open up Boxee and navigate to the movies folder. To use Netflix, you'll need to switch to the Xbox and. ... ” But after a few hours of randomly clicking into cyberspace, our friend figured it out.
There is one other showstopper. I know the sports and technology enthusiasts don't often mix, but if you're one of the few people who live in both of those worlds you might have to look for other options. To watch baseball you can buy a little dongle that plugs into the back of your computer and streams free over-the-air high-definition channels. I bought this for the Yankees games and it worked perfectly. If you're an ESPN fan you have two options. Stick with cable, or go to a bar to watch the basketball games.
Over all, I couldn't be happier with our computer television setup. Now, I just have to figure out what gadgets I'm going to buy with the $1,600 a year I no longer send to the cable company.
Health And Marriage: Benefits For Men
Marriage Is Actually Good For You
Page 1 of 2
If you find the prospect of “tying the knot” stressful, you may want to consider very real evidence that married or partnered men are healthier and live longer than their single counterparts. Contrary to conventional wisdom, men in committed relationships experience less stress, reducing the chances of chronic disease and sudden illness. Health and marriage and the benefits for men are undoubtedly closely related.
The health benefits of marriage seem to come from lower levels of the stress hormone cortisol, but it's a combination of factors that makes walking down the aisle toward a committed relationship healthier than going it alone. Certainly, there are advantages to maintaining a perpetual string of one-night stands, but the concept of health and marriage may trump the idea for some men.
The complex link between health and marriage
A 1996 Rand Study, titled Marital Status and Mortality: The Role of Health, states men in their 50s, 60s and 70s have lower mortality rates compared to never-married, divorced or widowed men, but the reasons are complex.
One suggestion is that marriage encourages healthy behaviors that include not smoking, avoidance of excessive alcohol intake, better nutrition, and care in times of illness. Men who are married are less likely to engage in risky behaviors like substance abuse or drinking and driving. Parenting within a marriage further promotes healthy behavior.
Stress hormones lower for married men
Researchers from the University of Chicago found that marriages and romantic commitments lower stress hormones.
Dario Maestripieri, Professor in Comparative Human Development at the University of Chicago, and lead author of Between- and Within-sex Variations in Hormonal Responses to Psychological Stress in a Large Sample of College Students, says that "although marriage can be pretty stressful, it should make it easier for people to handle other stressors in their lives. What we found is that marriage has a dampening effect on cortisol responses to psychological stress, and that is very new."
The study was conducted on 500 masters degree students who were given a series of stressful computer games. Among the group, 40% of the men and 53% of the women were married or in a relationship. The researchers collected saliva samples to measure cortisol and testosterone levels, before and after the games.
The surprising finding at the start of the study was that single men and women had higher levels of the stress hormone than married participants. Men in a committed relationship had lower testosterone levels — findings that the scientists say happens in primates and birds when males engage in fatherly behavior. Single students in the study had higher testosterone levels that “can potentially influence many aspects of an individual's response to environmental challenges including tendency to take risks, psychomotor function and coordination, and cognitive performance.”
Our look at health and marriage and the benefits for men continues…
It was as if the 26-year-old centerman - who agreed to terms on a two-year contract on July 1 - was transported right back to his childhood.
"It might sound silly, but it's like a little kid on Christmas with all your new toys and you get to pull everything out of the bag, try it on and make sure it all fits," said Holland, who wasted little time before testing out his new duds after they arrived in his hometown of Caledon, ON. "I was home alone at the time, so I put my helmet and my gloves on and I looked at myself in the mirror. There's something special about putting on equipment with that logo on it. It really kind of hits your heart."
Holland also received a pair of hockey pants to complete the set for his test run in the new gear. The jersey, however, is something he's saving for the right moment.
"Hopefully, I earn the right to put on the real jersey come the season and then it'll really hit home," admitted Holland, who boasts 35 goals and 81 points in 243 career NHL games with the Ducks, Maple Leafs and Coyotes since making his debut with Anaheim in 2011-12. "It's cool the first time you wear it with your skates. You kind of put it all together. Cracking that opening-night roster and putting on that real jersey would bring that excitement again."
Holland certainly wasn't lacking in motivation heading into the offseason following an admittedly disappointing year. After seeing limited playing time in Toronto early on last season and suiting up for just eight games, Holland was dealt to Arizona on December 9, where he finished out the 2016-17 campaign before becoming an unrestricted free agent on Canada Day.
"Obviously, last year was a bit of an 'off' season for me. I wasn't happy with how things went. It was tough for me to find my footing and I was never sure if I fit in. I was kind of always on the outside looking in," explained Holland, who found himself watching from the press box in Toronto as the Maple Leafs' young studs blossomed and put up big numbers offensively. "I also didn't really appreciate the mental toll the trade was taking on me, the highs and the lows - and there were a lot of lows.
"One of my goals this year is to kind of find my feet again and be more myself around the rink. I'd like to come in and help complement the guys who are already there and help lead the team into the postseason," added Holland, who put up a career-high 27 points (9G, 18A) in 65 games in 2015-16. "I also really want to focus on being able to bring it every night. If you want to keep your job in the NHL, you have to do that."
In order to switch things up preparation-wise, Holland rented out his downtown Toronto condo and returned home to Caledon to train for the summer. Unlike previous years, though, Holland elected to work out on his own as opposed to with a group of fellow NHLers. It was a change Holland insisted he had to make.
"I'm out of the downtown madness, which I really wanted this summer. I didn't really want to be the guy walking around and people seeing the ex-Maple Leaf. It's a big hockey market. I just wanted to remove myself from that for a few months," said Holland, on his temporary move back to his roots. "I've been pretty secluded this summer. Training on my own has been refreshing. I've been going hard for quite a few months and I'm feeling really good."
It won't be long before Holland arrives in Montreal to battle for a job with the big club. He only has good memories of his time in the city as a both a visiting player and a draftee. In 2009, Holland and his family were in attendance at the Bell Centre as the Ducks made him the ninth-overall selection. He didn't forget that experience when it came time to put pen to paper with the Canadiens - and neither did his mother, Jude.
"On July 1, when we had a couple of offers on the table, my mom even mentioned the draft being in Montreal as a reason to go there, as something like an omen," concluded Holland, who would relish the chance to make Montreal his hockey home for years to come. "You want to try and prove everybody right. They signed me for a reason and I want to show them that they made a good decision. I would love nothing more than to be a Montreal Canadien for the foreseeable future."
Broadband ISPs have been painted into a corner for a long time when it comes to Wi-Fi. If you're a broadband ISP and you don't offer Wi-Fi, hordes of your customer base will leave you for a competitor who does. But if you're a broadband ISP and you do offer Wi-Fi, you've just given your customer a good reason to hate you that has nothing to do with your core business model—they have dead spots in their house that your gateway device's radios don't reach, and it's your problem, because you told the customer that you'd handle their Wi-Fi.
As a technical enthusiast, it's easy to think "well, yeah, ISP Wi-Fi always sucks" and not even bother your ISP about it—you just go to the store, look for something better, and take the burden onto your own shoulders as though the ISP never offered Wi-Fi in the first place. But that's not how most consumers think—which, for many years now, has left ISPs footing the bill for support calls and truck rolls for a problem that isn't actually their core business and that they're not particularly well-equipped to solve.
This makes Comcast's recent decision to invest heavily in Plume, hop onto its board of directors, and offer it directly to their own customers via inside sales channel a potential game-changer. Comcast's pre-existing, already-deployed xFi gateway devices got a remote firmware push that turned them into Plume head units, giving Comcast access to Plume's excellent remote telemetry suite. It also means that, later this year, Comcast customers who have been using the company-provided equipment will be able to purchase Plume pods directly from Comcast, presumably at a reduced rate, and just plug them in throughout the house. The important bit here is that customers won't need to replace their existing (Comcast) router or change their network settings—they can just add pods.
(Jeff Fusco/AP Images for Comcast)
(Jeff Fusco/AP Images for Comcast)
This new approach of being able to simply add pods to the network you already have should have incredibly strong appeal for typical consumers. Whether Plume is the absolute best Wi-Fi product out there or not, it's very good, easy for a non-technical person to deploy, and the telemetry makes it easy to troubleshoot remotely when things go wrong. This makes Plume's approach perfect for an ISP looking for massive scale in-home deployment with little or zero boots-on-the-ground expertise needed.
On the surface, this (and the wealth of other pretty cool xFi consumer features Comcast is pushing in its press release) is obvious good news for consumers. But the really interesting aspect of Comcast's move isn't the tech aspect so much as the business aspect—what the follow-on impact looks like for the entire Wi-Fi industry. When roughly a third of the entire broadband-using consumer base in the US is covered by default with cheap, easy good mesh, what happens to the motivation to go to a box store and buy a competing Wi-Fi device? Are the hardcore enthusiasts who are willing and eager to fiddle with something even if it works going to be enough of a consumer presence to keep routers and mesh kits stocked in local brick-and-mortar stores in Comcast markets? What happens if all this works out really well, and Spectrum or Verizon want the same deal?
(Jeff Fusco/AP Images for Comcast)
(Jeff Fusco/AP Images for Comcast)
I can't help but remember the incessant controversies and lawsuits surrounding anything Microsoft bundled in with Windows: not just Internet Explorer, but Windows Media Player and Microsoft Security Essentials, too. The arguments always revolved around Microsoft's position as the de facto desktop operating system monopoly holder and the potential that it could strangle entire industries just by including a "default" option that most consumers would never bother to change. It's a contentious issue that was never really settled once and for all, and I find it hard not to see echoes of it here.
When I spoke to Plume CEO Fahri Diner about the news, I asked him if he'd figured out a strategy for the anti-trust suit yet. He laughed... but I'm not sure I was kidding.
Upcoming Hero Sales
Artanis — Sale Price: 375 Gems
Thrall — Sale Price: 250 Gems
Upcoming Featured Skins
Crimson Purifier Artanis
Ashen Hellhammer Thrall
Jailbird Tychus
Azure Ordermaster Valla
Spectre Nova
Fel Demonic Tyrael
Woodland Ranger-General Sylvanas
Raider Maraudin' Muradin
King Stitches
Upcoming Featured Mounts
Cyber Ram
Amani War Bear
Hunter Felsaber Demon
Weekly Sale Bundle
Next week's Collection Update will begin Tuesday, August 15! Check out the new list of featured items and Hero discounts below:The following Skins and Mounts will enter the Featured Item Rotation, and will be unlockable using Gems until next week's Collection Update:If you'd rather pick up everything at once, we're also going to add a new Weekly Sale Bundle to the Featured tab in your Collection. This limited-time bundle contains all of the items above at a discounted Gem price, but will only be available until next week's Collection Update takes place.
On 27 April 1994, South Africa introduced a new national flag, at the same time the country held its first democratic elections in which African National Congress (ANC) won. Nelson Mandela became the first democratic president. It replaced the previous national flag which had flown over South Africa since 31 May 1928 until just before midnight on 26 April 1994.The national flag first flew on 10 May 1994 when Mandela was inaugurated as the president.
Frederick G. Brownell Source:www.bbc.com
The flag is made up of six colours: chilli red, white, spectrum green, blue, black and yellow represent a symbol of the unity of the different race groups in South Africa. The flag was designed by Frederick G. Brownell, from theState Herald of the Republic of South Africa. Initially, members of the public and design studios were asked to submit their ideas and about 7,000 sketches were submitted. However, the Negotiating Council, who had appointed the National Symbols Commission, and the public did not find any that were suitable.
NimbleTV is letting their users now that their service will be shut down starting January 12th. This is the email going out to their customers:
“Dear Nimbler,
For over a year now, NimbleTV has been delivering customers a comprehensive Internet TV offering. Weve been listening to customer feedback and analyzing an endless amount of data to truly understand what our users, and the next generation of TV viewers, want from us.
Weve been using this data to revamp our services and quickly realized that all of our efforts must be focused on innovation rather than making small incremental changes and updates to the current service.
As a result, weve decided to pause the NimbleTV service as it stands today so we can concentrate on developing something even better and more amazing than before.
As a current paying subscriber, your service will be available through Monday, January 12. After that, you will not be able to access your account or recordings. We will work with the service provider to get you a pro-rated refund for your subscription fee within the month.
We apologize for any inconvenience this may cause. Please know that you will be among the first to know when we re-launch the new and improved service later this year.
Thanks for your continued support!
All the best,
Ashley Hayes | NimbleTV Concierge “
Back in December 2014 NimbleTV announced it had stopped accepting new customers. When we contacted them for comment they sent us the following statement “We are working on improvements to the Pro product and saw a significant uptick in demand leading up to the holidays. We made the decision to temporarily pause allowing new sign-ups until those tweaks are in place.” Jasmine Moadel VP of Marketing NimbleTV. We have reached out to NimbleTV again for comment on this suspension of service but have yet to hear back from them.
If you are unfamiliar with Nimble TV they offered streaming packages of live TV shows with DVR services online. Think of them as a cable provider that only streamed online. It was a great service for people wanting US networks that lived overseas. Even premium networks like HBO could be added for extra cost. To find our more check out our review of them from last summer.
It is starting to look like Sling TV announcement may have forced NimbleTV to reconsider their service. Well Sling TV is considerable more limited the price is also cheaper.
NimbleTV service was very popular with US military families living overseas so they could watch America TV when stationed in Germany or Korea. Hopefully for them and all of NimbleTV users the service will return. If for nothing more than to be one more options for cord cutters.
Please follow us on Twitter, or like us on our new Facebook page.
JAIPUR: After the police complaints lodged a day earlier, at least half-a-dozen court cases have been filed against four authors and three organisers of the Jaipur Literature Festival (JLF) where extracts from Salman Rushdie's banned book 'The Satanic Verses' were publicly read on January 20.
In Jaipur, five complaints have been filed by different individuals and organizations, including the India Milli Council and the BJP minority cell, in a lower court demanding action against four authors Hari Kunzru, Amitava Kumar, Jeet Thayil and Ruchir Joshi and festival organizers Sanjoy Roy, Namita Gokhale, William Dalrymple.
Four of the complaints in Jaipur are scheduled to be heard by different courts on Tuesday, while the Milli Council's case is slated for a hearing on January 30. The case in Ajmer court by an individual allegedly linked to the ruling Congress party would be heard on January 25.
"We did not know that Rushdie would be participating at the literary event through video conferencing, otherwise we would have requested the court to order a stay on this too," the Mili Council secretary Abdul Latif told TOI on Monday.
The Council has sought action under various sections of the Indian Penal Code (IPC). "The book is banned in India so, legally, the authors cannot even read from it at a public event," Latif said. "We have sought action under IPC sections 153, 153A, 295, 295A, 298, 505, 504 and 120B," he added.
IPC Section 153 involves prosecution for wantonly giving provocation with intent to cause riot, Section 153A relates to punishment for promoting enmity between different groups on grounds of religion, Section 295A pertains to deliberate and malicious acts, intended to outrage religious feelings of any class by insulting its religion or religious covers beliefs and Section 298 is invoked for uttering words with deliberate intent to wound the religious feelings of any person.
"A series of complaints have been filed in separate courts, including five at Jaipur and one at Ajmer against the authors and organizers. One complaint at Jaipur is by the BJP minority cell's Daulat Khan and the one at Ajmer by Muzaffar Bharti, who represents a local group, is a primary member of the Congress," alleged Kavita Srivastava, the civil rights organization PUCL's secretary.
The hardliner Muslim organizations and community leaders have been opposing Rushdie's participation in the literary event this year even though the author attended it as one of the speakers in 2007. The Muslim community protestors maintain that Rushdie's book has hurt its religious sentiments.
Last week, I waxed poetic on why Windows Phone can't afford to not jump into the quad core fray. Most of the reasoning behind the opinion was based on marketing, pure and simple. Quad core is greater than dual core in the eye of the average consumer. So, in order to gain that priceless market share that we all know and love, it was reasoned that if you want to win hearts and minds, it will have to be done with four shiny cores resting snugly in the belly on the Lumia 980 Epic Superphone Plus.
“Quad Core” is a marketing sign that writes itself. But when it comes down to brass tacks, we're talking about what people might want versus what a phone actually needs. And when it all comes down to it, Windows Phone need no stinkin' quad cores.
Built For Efficiency
Microsoft has taken a page from Apple's playbook and designed an operating system that is extremely fluid and efficient. More cores would not really serve any great purpose with an operating system that is designed from the ground up to do more with less. The key is to understand the architecture involved here
Four cores basically allow a processor to either do four tasks simultaneously, or to split up one task four ways. This is really nice when one is rendering video editing, or calculating pi to the gazillionth place, but for surfing facebook, you don't really need to break up the work all that much. Further, most apps and operating systems won't work like that unless they're specifically designed to. Video streaming for example is not generally a task that can be broken up into four parts and stitched back together like a video Frankenstein. Some processor manufacturers boast that their processors CAN do that, but not all processors can.
Unless an app is specifically designed to break up it's processing mojo into equal parts, it will not allow the architecture to capitalize on that particular benefit. Most apps are not designed to do this, for a number of different reasons. Most commonly, these reasons range from the “It vastly complicates the code needed to do XYZ task” to “It's a major pain to troubleshoot should issues arise”. At the end of the day, the benefit doesn't outweigh the cost that goes into designing an app to make the most out of four or even two cores in a processor.
The Great Battery Debate, Part Deux
The battery life myth has to rear its ugly head again in this article. We already touched on this topic in explaining why four cores would be good, but it bears repeating that if you talk to 10 different experts about the “more cores equals more battery” phenomenon, you'll get five who agree and five who disagree. And then they'll all go out for martinis and stick you with the bill. Rude.
Once again, it comes back to the architecture involved. Samsung's Octo-goblin processor, featuring a fast quad core and slower quad core chip in the same boat is designed with battery life in mind. Presumably, the faster processors will be tasked with the heavy lifting – video, games, etc. While the light-weights get to handle the girly-girl tasks like email retrieval, SMS, Facebook, etc. This indeed could lead to a more efficient battery use, and in theory a quad core, or dual-dual core system could work in that way as well. As a matter of fact, ARM is working on that very concept with their BigLittle Processing initiative that it claims can improve battery efficiency by as much as 70%.
I'm not so sure the technology is there yet.
More Is Not So Much Better
For what it is worth, Windows Phone is an extremely efficient operating system, built around the idea that more is not necessarily better. They've even designed a few tricks and animations to make the flow even more seamless, as displayed by our own Adam Lein last summer. With that in mind, and knowing that the next Lumia supergodphone extreme 980 will sport updated hardware, more memory and a luxurious camera, I'm not so sure we need to wait with bated breath to see how many cores this bad boy will be packing. Windows Phone already makes the best with what it has and doesn't suffer from much if any lag, even when the Lumia 900's lonely-heart core is running Windows Phone 7.8.
Money Talks
There is another factor that cannot be ignored – money, dollars, euro, pesos, and in some cultures, livestock. Looking more so at Nokia, arguably the godfather of Windows phones, it doesn't make financial sense to go with quad core CPUs given the overall limited benefits. Depending on what numbers you look at the price differential between a dual core processor and a quad core processor is somewhere around three dollars. Not a bank breaker in many cases, but when you're selling off your headquarters in order to make payroll, an extra three million dollars for every million phones is not exactly small potatoes. In this case, we're not talking about an overall savings to the consumer, one way or another, but if you look at the price of Samsung's Octa-core processor versus a dual core processor, now you're looking at closer to thirteen million dollars, which in Chicago will buy you an outfielder with average defense.
Specifications are pretty. Four is greater than two, and yes, chicks dig the long ball. But when all is said and done, what makes a great phone is a great, smooth, fluid user experience. And Windows Phone has that in spades.
The nine men from Rochdale were yesterday convicted of abusing five vulnerable teenagers after plying them with alcohol, food and small sums of money in return for sex.
However, the true number of victims, who were "passed around" by the gang, is likely to be nearer to 50, police have admitted.
Greater Manchester Police and the Crown Prosecution Service have now apologised after they failed to bring the case of the first victim - Girl A - to trial following her cry for help in August 2008.
One 13 year-old victim became pregnant and had the child aborted while another was forced to have sex with 20 men in one night, Liverpool Crown Court heard.
Complaints to social workers and the police were ignored because they were "petrified of being called racist", former Labour MP for Keighley Ann Cryer said.
Mrs Cryer, who has campaigned to bring the issue of Asian sex gangs to light, said the girls had been "betrayed" and condemned to "untold misery" by the police and social services.
(Clockwise from top left) Abdul Qayyum, Rochdale rape victim known as Girl E, Kabeer Hassan, Qamar Shahzad and Abdul Rauf (Getty Images/Anita Maric /newsteam)
"This is an absolute scandal. They were petrified of being called racist and so reverted to the default of political correctness," she said.
"They had a greater fear of being perceived in that light than in dealing with the issues in front of them."
Girl A told police that she had been raped and provided DNA evidence from her attacker, however the CPS twice decided not to prosecute him.
The 15 year-old's abuse continued and at its height she was being driven to flats and houses to be raped by up to five men a night, four or five days a week. She was singled out because she was white, vulnerable and under-age.
Her ordeal only ended when her teachers forced social workers to intervene after she fell pregnant and they became concerned by the number of Asian men picking her up from school.
Girl A said that in a six-hour interview she gave police details about her abusers and where the attacks took place. Crucially, too, she handed officers underwear that proved she had been raped by two men in a single attack.
"I hoped they were going to do something and it would stop," she said.
"But it just carried on. It just started again with different men and more men this time, and that's when it started becoming up to five men a day".
Kabeer Hassan, Abdul Aziz, Abdul Rauf, Mohammed Sajid, Adil Khan, Abdul Qayyum, Mohammed Amin, Hamid Safi and a 59-year-old man who cannot be named for legal reasons were yesterday found guilty of running a child exploitation ring at Liverpool Crown Court.
Greater Manchester Police is now being investigated by the IPCC over the failings of its first investigation in 2008.
When GMP did finally pass a file on Girls A's rape to the CPS the following year, a Crown lawyer decided not to charge anyone because he said she would not be a sufficiently credible witness to put before a jury. A second CPS lawyer backed that opinion.
It was only after social workers notice an upsurge in cases of child grooming that police reinvestigated and made a series of arrests which led to yesterday's convictions.
It can be reported that the trial was delayed by two weeks when two Asian barristers quit the case due to intimidation by far right groups outside Liverpool Crown Court.
And a tweet from BNP leader Nick Griffin almost caused the trial to collapse when it led to allegations of the jury having a "far-right bias".
Assistant Chief Constable Steve Heywood acknowledged that officers could have dealt with the case "better than we did".
But he denied that the girl's complaints had been "brushed under the carpet" because officers were reluctant to confront the issue of race.
"At the time we did what we thought was best," he said. "We have learned a lot of lessons.
"The issue here is genuinely about vulnerability. It just happens that they are Asian men. In no way did we sweep it under the carpet."
Steve Garner, head of children's services at Rochdale Council, denied the teenager had been let down by his department.
"No," he said. "I think it's really important to remember that what we know now and what we knew in 2008 is very, very different and what we have done is put the lessons in place".
Rochdale MP Simon Danczuk said: "What's become clear is that if police had acted seriously on these concerns in 2008 many of the victims of this appalling case would not have had to go through such horrific trauma.
"It is simply unacceptable that these young women were let down in this way by people they should have been able to trust."
Protect Your Stuff 1-year protection plan: $22.99 – $28.99 Buy Now
The Lytro camera is the world's first light field camera that captures fundamentally different data than conventional cameras. The camera records the entire light field - all the rays of light traveling in every direction through a scene - instead of a flat 2D image. You can refocus a picture and change perspective in the scene of a picture after you take it. You can also view them in 3D. This means you can create interactive, living pictures that tell a unique story. When you share these living pictures with your friends and family on Facebook and Twitter, they can interact and play with the pictures too.
The Lytro camera is not intended to replace your point-and-shoot camera or DSLR; resolution is optimized for sharing over the web. It's an additional camera you'll take with you that will showcase some of the unique and evolving abilities of light field photography.
Make the impossible possible. Change your perspective.
Perspective Shift allows you to interactively change your point of view in a picture after you've taken the picture. On a computer or mobile device, you can shift the living picture in any direction; left, right, up, down and all around.
Perspective Shift works on light field pictures you've previously taken and with any new pictures you take. Change your perspective and see the moment come alive.
See pictures in Perspective Shift »
Looks like no other camera looks. Does what no other camera does.
The Lytro camera is built around revolutionary technology that captures and processes the entire light field. So it's no surprise that it's radically different, inside and out.
Aluminum housing
The anodized aluminum housing makes the camera strong yet lightweight.
Grip
Easy to hold, precision-tooled silicone enables you to effortlessly shoot with one hand or with two.
Shutter button
No autofocus means none of the shutter delay that comes with it. Instantly capture a shot before the moment is gone.
Slider
Running your fingertip across the slider controls the optical zoom.
Lens
An 8x optical zoom lens with a constant f/2 aperture offers a wide range of creative shots.
Light field sensor
We joined a micro-lens array to a digital image sensor to capture the color, intensity, and direction of light entering the camera — 11 million light rays to be precise.
Light field engine
This is where the magic happens. The Light Field Engine processes the light rays captured by the sensor, so you can view it on the screen and refocus with a tap.
Touchscreen
You control most of the camera functions with a tap or a swipe. And the backlit display lets you compose, review, and refocus your pictures
Create pictures that wow
The Lytro camera gives you two ways to create living pictures. In Everyday Mode, with just the simple press of the shutter button, you'll capture life's great moments and each day's priceless expressions.
In Creative Mode, you control the blur in the scene with just a tap. You can create amazing pictures like those with refocus between a small flower and a mountain range or along the legs of an ant crawling on the lens. You can also capture high zoom shots and compose dramatic portraits. You'll never look at pictures the same way.
See pictures taken in Creative Mode »
Take control of your scene
The Lytro camera now gives you more control over the light in the scene with the addition of Manual Controls. Set shutter speed and ISO through simple access of the controls from the camera's touchscreen. Use Manual Controls to capture pictures like light painting shots with dramatic refocus and living pictures in motion.
The ISO range is 80 (min) to 3200 (max), and the minimum shutter speed is 1/250. You can also lock exposure and control the ND filter.
See pictures taken using Manual Controls »
Enhance your pictures with Living Filters
Try out a new way to play with living pictures with nine interactive filters accessible from both Lytro Desktop and Lytro Mobile for iOS. Living Filters respond to every click to show off your unique style and imagination.
Give an evening shot more drama with the Film Noir Filter. Use the Carnival Filter to let friends twist the scene. Living Filters increase the fun in your light field pictures – including pictures you've previously taken. See pictures enhanced with Living Filters »
Share in the moment, wirelessly.
The free Lytro Mobile App, combined with your camera's built in Wi-Fi capabilities, allows you to upload living pictures directly to your Lytro Web Gallery and Facebook from your iPhone or iPod Touch. You can process your living pictures for Perspective Shift, export to anaglyph red and blue 3D JPG, and save them to your camera roll. Lytro Mobile also lets you share living pictures to Twitter or Facebook, or save them as an animated GIF to send to your friends and family.
Discover great shots. The Lytro Mobile App also makes it easy to view popular and recent images shared to Lytro.com so that you can discover what other light field photographers are shooting. Lytro Mobile Overview »
From your camera to your computer to your world.
Get ready to share.
Import your living pictures to your computer with the free Lytro Desktop application and they'll be ready to refocus, sort, and share. Lytro Desktop also allows you to process your living pictures for Perspective Shift, All-in-Focus, and 3D. You can easily arrange your pictures by date, organize them into stories, or add them to your favorites. When you're ready to share with friends or family, Lytro Desktop makes that just as simple.
Works with both Mac and Windows
Lytro Desktop works with Mac OS X 10.7 or later (Intel Core 2 Duo or newer), Windows 7 (64-bit only), and Windows 8 (64-bit only). Download and System Requirements »
Explore a new dimension
Dive to new depths and interact with your living pictures in an entirely new way. Process any of your pictures, old or new, for Perspective Shift and enjoy them in stunning 3D on Lytro Desktop. Have an Apple Airplay device or computer connected to a TV? Even better. Extend the Lytro Experience to the living room using Presentation Mode, viewing 2D and 3D in full screen for everyone to enjoy.
3D support isn't limited to 3D HDTVs, either. Lytro Desktop and Lytro Mobile can display anaglyph red and blue 3D on any connected display.
Sharing is good
With a couple of clicks, you can post to your own personal page in the Lytro Web Gallery, where your living pictures will be stored for free subject to Terms of Use. You can also have Lytro Desktop or Lytro Mobile post to Facebook at the same time.
Any Living Picture you've posted can be shared on Twitter, Google+, or your blog — and you can email friends a link to your picture in the Lytro Web Gallery.
Your pictures are in for a lot of clicks. And taps
When friends check out the living pictures you've shared, they get to explore them the same way you do. They can refocus again and again just by clicking or tapping, shift the perspective, and post their comments. It doesn't matter whether they're using a computer, a tablet, or a smartphone. And they don't need any special software. It's just like looking at ordinary pictures. Except a lot more fun.
BONUS Camera Sleeve (new)
With technical, coated canvas on the outside and soft microfiber fabric on the inside, the sleeve is perfect for your regular photowalks. A matching wrist strap ensures fast access to the camera.
Shipping Note: Shipping to Alaska and Hawaii is not available for this item
A physical address is required for delivery. No Military or PO Box shipments available
Warranty: 90 Day Camera; 1 Year Sleeve - Lytro
Party of three! Joseph Duggar and his wife, Kendra Caldwell — who tied the knot on Sept. 8 — are expecting their first child together, the couple confirmed to Us Weekly.
“During this season that we are celebrating the birth of Christ, we are so excited to share with you that we are expecting the gift of a child ourselves!” the Counting On stars told the mag. “Wow, it's so exciting!!! We've both always loved children and seen them as a real blessing from God. It's so surreal to think of being parents and having our own little one. We cannot wait to see this new baby!”
https://www.instagram.com/p/Bc2Ye6GgYMr/
The exciting news doesn't come as too much of a surprise, though, considering rumors of a pregnancy have been swirling for weeks! Joe and Kendra had gone radio silent once they returned home from their Grecian honeymoon in October, and fans were getting desperate for some answers. The Duggars posted a baby photo of Joseph on Dec. 4, and one fan practically begged for information. “How is this guy doing??? We need updates!!! I love him and Kendra; they are the cutest couple EVER!!!! Hope to hear from them soon!” Plus, Kendra did hide behind her mom in a recent photo, and we couldn't help but wonder if she was trying to obscure a bump! In the family's recent Thanksgiving photo, she was wearing plenty of layers to make it impossible to tell.
Their whirlwind romance began when they met at church when they were younger. They confirmed in March that they were courting, and Joseph proposed to Kendra at his sister Joy-Anna Duggar's wedding in May. “We are so grateful for how the Lord brought us together,” they said in a statement on the Duggar family's blog at the time. Congrats to the happy couple — we can't wait to meet their little one!
Fans are concerned now that Kendra Duggar is married. Find out what they are by watching the video below!
Since his birth in 1985, our favorite plumber Mario has gone through numerous evolutions. Now it is a cult video game that exists on several platforms with many different versions. However, the latest development that Mario went through is the most exciting: the character is now able to learn and feel in the confines of his 8-bit universe.
Three researches, from the University of Tübingen in Germany, gave Mario the ability to live and converse with an adaptive learning artificial intelligence method.
The project was created for a video competition organized by the Association for the Advancement of Artificial Intelligence (AAAI). The non-profit organization's aim in this contest is to debunk the fear and gloom associated with the development of artificial intelligence.
The project has been developed to create an artificial intelligence that can learn and live in its own environment. The Mario designed by the researches can answer questions, make assumptions based on his experiences and give decisions according to his feelings. Mario starts in his world with the awareness of his body and he adds new information to his knowledge as he goes on in the game. The interesting thing is that he can have emotions that are primed either by his 8-bit world or a voice command from the researcher.
The image above illustrates how Mario learns by experience. After being asked to jump on Goomba, he reports back on what he has learned: "If I jump on Goomba, then he certainly dies". Add his emotions to the mix and you get a Mario acting on his emotions. When he feels hungry, he collects coins and when he is curious he roams around.
The artificial intelligence developed for Mario is not too sophisticated. However, it is innovative considering that Mario's psychology comes first his movements. You can check the video for more information on how the artificial intelligence of Mario works.
Story via IFLScience, image via Youtube
Home takes you back.
After the world kicks you around, it is home that heals all of those wounds. Family and friends and memories and everything about the past that was good is waiting to embrace you and nearly throw you a parade. They may even overpay you $24 million.
Deron Williams went back home to Dallas after his disastrous year(s) in Brooklyn and carved out a happiness niche even as he will never be the Deron Williams of old and may have a career without a NBA title. It is the Dwight Howard blueprint.
It is the appeal of the Atlanta Hawks for Howard. It is the last Dwight Howard contract even as pessimism reigns. It is frequently whispered that, perhaps, Dwight Howard is one of those people who can never be happy.
If he signs in Atlanta, it will be Howard's fourth team in four years. Like many marriages, his best was his first.
He is still chasing everything that happened in Orlando but the NBA has changed. Strategically, teams don't dump it into a big man and surround him with shooters on the wing. The modern game incentivizes ball and player movement to create space and uncontested shots. It's not about the big man down low punishing some small cretin who cannot stop him. In the best situations, and you can thank Mike D'Antoni for this, the ball hums and pops and moves. In the worst situations, Howard complains that he doesn't get the ball enough and when you think about it, how many players have this gripe? Howard is an anomaly. He is in a class by himself.
How did he get here? By being Dwight.
In Orlando, he was a little ticked off because Stan Van Gundy began taking his Howard criticisms to the media. And then there was that way awkward presser when Van Gundy was talking about how Howard went upstairs to have him fired and then Howard walked in, put his arms around Van Gundy as if they were BFF's. Howard's methodology for relieving tension is to smile incessantly until his face breaks. But everyone believed Van Gundy. No one believed Howard.
Dwight further imploded upon himself when he opted-in on his contract so the fans wouldn't hate him, even as it was a bad business decision. Later in the summer, when Howard had back surgery, and the Magic didn't have a strong enough contingent at the hospital, Howard felt unloved. He wanted out.
In Los Angeles, it was always going to be a disaster. Howard is light and fun-loving, Kobe is dark and menacing and a perfectionist. It wasn't that Howard wasn't a perfect player, it was that he didn't pay attention to the basketball is war details that Bryant based his career on. It was always going to end in divorce. Add to that Mike D'Antoni had little use for Howard, thought he was a whiner.
When Howard was ejected in an elimination game in the playoffs, he walked off the court, soon to be a free agent. As he left for the locker room, Kobe Bryant walked in. Bryant had been watching the game in the training room. The moment Bryant entered the arena, limping after Achilles surgery, he was greeted by the Staples crowd with a standing ovation. The imagery was powerful. One was a traitor, the other was a hero. A quitter going out. A hero coming in. But that wasn't the last straw for Howard who wanted to be in Los Angeles. He tried to get the Lakers to amnesty Kobe and install him as the face of the franchise.
In Houston, it started out well. Everyone was happy. Everyone was young. Everyone liked to have a good time. Gone was the morose locker room infected by a maniacal star and an ownership group that catered to him. Soon enough, the James Harden reality set in. Harden may not have Kobe's fierce personality and drive but he had his game. He was Kobe-lite on the offensive end. He was a ball stopper. He clutched the ball like it was a bag of stolen money. Harden never really trusted Howard to be a dominant force and it can be argued that Harden only trusted Harden. He needed the Rockets world to be about him. Howard grew dissatisfied again, believing he was more of a player than the Rockets thought he was or Harden allowed him to be. One more Howard coach was fired and he did a Howard normal thing: he had moments when he quit. And then he did a non-Howard thing. He admitted it.
So Atlanta is home for all the right reasons and Atlanta is home for all the wrong reasons. If he signs, he will be showered and loved. It is always a huge embrace when you walk through those familiar doors. Until it starts to feel like the same old thing. The problem with Howard in Atlanta…actually, there are two problems.
The first problem is the style of play. The Hawks are ball movers. They function with their bigs being able to drain mid-range shots or threes. Howard doesn't that skill set and will find himself with the same “touches” problem he had in Los Angeles and Houston.
The second problem is the Hawks personality. They are a tough, serious minded bunch focused on winning and they don't bitch and complain and they never quit. They take their game and their successes and their lumps and their position in the Eastern Conference seriously. You don't see a lot of on the bench fun and games; the Hawks know what is at stake from game one. Paul Millsap is toughness personified. Kyle Korver is an edgy three point shooters who runs through screens and sets some nasty ones himself. Kent Bazemore, if he is re-signed, is as fun as you are going to get. Mike Scott has off court issues and on court he brings a certain street hardness. This isn't the Howard feel good, lets goof around and make this fun kind of mix.
So what is interviewing with Atlanta about?
He needs love. He wants money, $24 million to be exact. The Dwight Howard max money market has shrunk and frankly he has to take whoever wants him. The perfect fit for Howard was if he had taken less money and signed with the Warriors in 2013. Stylistically, the Warriors embrace the should be having fun at all times mantra that Howard has never outgrown.
Atlanta is Howard's best chance at a long term deal even without his touches and even when, at times, Budenholzer will have him on the bench for five scorers.
Yesterday, a NBA scout said, “he wouldn't touch him [Howard]”, because of all the baggage Howard brings. The Hawks don't have to worry about Howard infecting the locker room. Paul Millsap is the leader and Howard, if in Atlanta, will have to fall in line.
But expect him to be unhappy about it.
photo via llananba
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Fifty-five percent of U.S. river and stream lengths were in poor condition for aquatic life, largely under threat from runoff contaminated by fertilizers, the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency said on Tuesday.
High levels of phosphorus and nitrogen, runoff from urban areas, shrinking ground cover and pollution from mercury and bacteria were putting the 1.2 million miles (1.9 million km) of streams and rivers surveyed under stress, the EPA said.
“This new science shows that America's streams and rivers are under significant pressure,” Nancy Stone, acting administrator of the EPA's Office of Water, said in a statement.
Twenty-one percent of the United States' river and stream length was in good biological condition, down from 27 percent in 2004, according to the survey, carried out in 2008 and 2009 at almost 2,000 sites.
Twenty-three percent was in fair condition and 55 percent was in poor condition, the survey showed. The finding uses an index that combines measures for aquatic life, such as crayfish and water insects.
Of the three major climatic regions surveyed - eastern highlands, plains and lowlands, and the west - the west was in the best shape, with 42 percent of stream and river length in good condition.
In the eastern highlands and the plains and lowlands, 17 percent and 16 percent of waterway length respectively was in good condition.
By far the most widespread stress factor was phosphorus and nitrogen, which are used in fertilizer. Forty percent of river and stream length had high levels of phosphorus and 28 percent had high levels of nitrogen, the report said.
Risk levels of mercury in fish tissue were exceeded in 13,144 miles of rivers. Streams were not surveyed. In 9 percent of river and stream length, samples for enterococci bacteria topped levels for protecting human health.
Federal, state and tribal researchers carried out the survey at sites ranging from the Mississippi River to mountain streams.
The survey report is the first statistically based overview of the condition of U.S. rivers and streams.
On the evidence of the season thus far, Jürgen Klopp has no qualms over throwing Kevin Stewart into precarious situations.
In the early stages of the 2016-17 campaign, the young Englishman has emerged from the bench to help the Reds see out wins over Arsenal and Chelsea, as well as a draw with Tottenham Hotspur - all away from home.
Stewart admits it can be difficult to quickly adapt to the intensity of such high-profile games when being introduced in the latter stages.
But he has no doubts over the positive implication of his many cameos this term from a personal perspective.
"It's always good for me and my confidence and progression, knowing that [the manager] trusts me in really important games," he told Liverpoolfc.com.
"Most of the time when I come on, we're usually leading. So I guess it's to see the game out and bring the energy levels up a bit to make sure everyone is still following runners and tackling.
"It is really difficult because you don't know the intensity of the game or how it feels because you've not been involved. But it's something you've got to do to help the team.
"I just watch closely to make myself feel as much a part of it as possible so when I do come on I don't feel too much of a stranger. It's hard as it is anyway, but the little percentages can help."
The Reds turn their attentions to the EFL Cup once more this evening, as Spurs arrive at Anfield aiming to contest a mouthwatering fourth-round tie.
Klopp has shuffled his pack somewhat in previous cup outings this season, and Stewart will hope to get the nod in a starting role should that be the case again.
The 23-year-old is certainly ready for such an eventuality, thanks to his professional approach during a period where starts have been hard to come by.
"We make sure that we get the intensity we need in training, the ones that don't play, and I've played in a few U23s games as well," he added.
"It's no problem staying ready for when I'm called upon.
"I think that's how I am anyway, whatever the situation is. I give my best in training, 100 per cent all the time and you can't really go too wrong like that."
The Reds' third-round victory over Derby County last month saw promising midfielder Ovie Ejaria handed his first-team debut as a second-half substitute.
Stewart, who made his senior Anfield bow in the FA Cup after returning from a loan stint with Swindon last term, was delighted to see his fellow Academy prospect get a chance.
And he says the club's young players are keen to push each other on to greater heights so that they can make the most of the opportunities afforded them by Klopp.
"It's really good to see. A year ago at the Academy, [Ejaria was] playing at U18 level; it's just really inspiring to watch him. I'm really happy for him because I've seen all the steps of him developing," he continued.
"It's competitive and we're all going after the same things but it works. You talk to each other about it in training and it's a battle but it's fun competitive.
"Cup games or league games are a really good opportunity – at this level, any game is.
"Everyone is watching all the time so whatever the competition it's good for our development to be involved."
HTC, Oculus and Sony among companies to join forces on industry VR standards Google, Acer and Samsung are also part of the Global Virtual Reality Association.
As more and more companies scramble to join the growing virtual reality craze, several of the early adopters have joined forces to try to set some standards for the VR burgeoning industry.
The Global Virtual Reality Association has been established "to promote responsible development and adoption of VR globally with best practices, dialogue across stakeholders, and research. GVRA will be a resource for industry, consumers, and policymakers interested in VR." Among the founding members are VR hardware players HTC, Oculus, Sony, Google, Acer and Samsung. Noticeably absent from the group are Valve, creator Steam VR, and Microsoft, which is working on the HoloLens.
The organization is still in its infancy, so no GVRA-sponsored events are planned at this time, but the FAQ for the group says that those shouls be coming soon: "The GVRA will commission international research, create educational materials, and host and participate in discussions on issues important to the future of VR worldwide. The group will also create and share best practices for industry around the world."
The premise is an interesting one, as some developers have found it difficult and costyly to develop for VR, let alone multiple VR hardware devices. Rocketwerkz' Dean Hall said on reddit recently that "[The VR equipment is] very different and it is more expensive and difficult to support the different headsets. I have always hated multi-platform development because it tends to 'dumb down' your game as you have to make concessions for the unique problems of all platforms."
Martin Dimitrov, Deputy Chair of Bulgaria's parliamentary energy committee, has dismissed the announcement of Russian President Vladimir Putin about the suspension of the South Stream gas pipeline project as a bluff.
“There is no way Russia is giving up on the South Stream gas pipeline project,” Dimitrov declared Tuesday in an interview for the morning broadcast of Nova TV.
“This is a tactical move on the part of Vladimir Putin and of Russia. They would never give up on the South Stream gas pipeline project. A possible rerouting of the conduit through Turkey would make the project two to three times more expensive, thereby rendering it economically impossible, not just inefficient. Such a pipeline already exists - it is the Blue Stream, which goes through Turkey, and cannot be filled,” Dimitrov explained.
He claimed that the announcement on Monday had been nothing more than a tactical move aimed at stepping up pressure on Bulgaria and the European Commission to implement the South Stream gas pipeline.
“Just wait and see how this move of Moscow causes hysteria in Bulgaria, with a number of people urging the authorities to accept any proposal of Russia because the country would otherwise face losses,” Dimitrov noted, as cited by Sega daily.
He insisted that Bulgaria had not been left without a choice.
“Russia wants to build the South Stream gas pipeline. It just has to happen in line with EU rules and be economically efficient for Bulgaria,” he pointed out.
Yahoo's decision to scan clients' email accounts at the behest of US authorities has prompted questions in Europe as to whether EU citizens' data had been compromised, and could help derail a new trans-Atlantic data sharing deal.
Reuters reported yesterday that Yahoo complied with a classified US government demand to search customers' incoming emails for specific information provided by US intelligence officials.
The office of the Data Protection Commissioner, the lead European regulator on privacy issues for Yahoo, said today it is making enquiries about the matter.
European politicians called on the European Commission to look into the issue and lawyers said a legal challenge to the new EU-US data sharing deal agreed earlier this year was now more likely in Europe.
"Any form of mass surveillance infringing on the fundamental privacy rights of EU citizens would be viewed as a matter of considerable concern," the regulator in Dublin, where Yahoo's European headquarters is based, said in a statement.
Yahoo said in response to the original Reuters story that it was "a law-abiding company, and complies with the laws of the United States".
It declined to confirm whether it scanned users emails or to say if Europeans' emails were intercepted as part of the programme.
Johannes Kleis, a spokesman with BEUC, an umbrella group for European consumer organisations, called on other EU data protection authorities to investigate Yahoo.
Fabio de Masi, a German member of the European parliament with the leftist Die Linke party called on the EU high representative for external affairs Federica Mogherini to seek clarification from US authorities about the treatment of EU data.
Ashley Winton, a data protection and privacy lawyer with Paul Hastings, said the revelations that Yahoo had helped the authorities scan user emails could prompt clients to ditch Yahoo.
In addition to retail users in Europe, Yahoo also provides email services for other companies including UK listed groups Sky Plc and BT Plc.
Sky did not respond to a request for comment.
When asked about the mater, BT referred to Yahoo's comment about being a law-abiding group.
In February, the United States and Europe published a new deal to allow US companies to move data on EU clients to the United States.
Some European politicians have criticised the deal, saying it does not offer enough protection against mass surveillance by US intelligence agencies.
Mr Winton said the Yahoo news increased the chances of a legal challenge in Europe against the so-called ‘Privacy Shield' deal.
Exeter centre will start against Argentina on Saturday having shown Eddie Jones that he has learned to do the small things well
As Eddie Jones explained his England midfield selection for the Argentina Test there were echoes of the Exeter director of rugby, Rob Baxter, from a few seasons ago. When someone looks, plays and behaves like a top player, even if he is not the established first choice, Baxter reckons international coaches should trust their own eyes. Jones, in naming Henry Slade at 12 against the Pumas on Saturday, has done precisely that.
It is possible for even the most experienced head coaches to lose sight of what really matters in the blizzard of wellness stats, hydration readings and assorted other supposedly essential facts they are now buried beneath on a daily basis. Jones complained to his squad in their morning meeting that he is starting to feel like the team's data analyst but he scarcely needed a spreadsheet to identify the most enticing replacement for the rested Owen Farrell.
Slade is not the biggest, heaviest, quickest or the most prolific try-scorer to play centre for England but his work on the training field and domestic form for the Chiefs has ultimately trumped all else. As Jones acknowledged, the 24-year-old has “got everything there is … he's got nice feet, good balance, a good head on him, some speed, courage.” Which begs the obvious question: why has he never started for England at inside-centre before?
Henry Slade replaces Owen Farrell in England opener against Argentina Read more
Jones, it turns out, has been pondering the same thing ever since Slade performed so well in England's World Cup warmup Test against France at Twickenham in 2015 that he propelled Sam Burgess, his midfield partner that day, into Stuart Lancaster's final squad. “I remember seeing this kid who had feet, nice balance and speed,” Jones said. “Then I didn't see him again. I thought he'd been taken somewhere.”
Admittedly Slade, by his own admission, took a while to shake off the mental and physical after-effects of the horrible lower leg fracture he suffered at Wasps in December 2015 but until this summer's tour to Argentina he had not started a match for his country since the Uruguay pool game in Manchester that concluded Lancaster's tenure.
Despite the Chiefs' walking off with last year's Premiership title, Jones's niggling doubt was the Devonian's work rate off the ball, regardless of his priceless, rare gift of time on it. “Sometimes those really talented kids don't understand how you have to work hard, to change that talent into consistent performance,” Jones said. “He's really learned that.”
All it took, in the end, was one specific measurement to back up Jones's intensifying gut feeling. “One of the most important stats we collect is on high-speed running. Imagine we kick the ball and you have to sprint after that ball. Then the ball goes back over your head and you've got to sprint back. He was the lowest in our team 12 months ago. On Tuesday he was the highest. He's learned he has to do the small things well and he's done that brilliantly.”
It did no harm that Slade started both wins against the Pumas. Coincidence or not, England have also won all seven of his Tests. The next task is to make it impossible for Jones to drop him, regardless of who may be available to face Australia, and his new midfield partner, Jonathan Joseph, certainly sounds excited. “I'm really looking forward to playing with him,” said the Bath centre. “Something special could work there. His distribution, his ability to see space … it's what outside-backs thrive off.”
Argentina's coach claims the pressure is all on England in autumn Test Read more
If it does work, with George Ford pulling the strings and Elliot Daly and Anthony Watson creating havoc out wide, Jones will have some tricky calls to make. He is hardly going to omit Farrell but the Saracen feels happiest at 10, which would mean dropping Ford to the bench. And what about Ben Te'o, Manu Tuilagi, Alex Lozowski and Piers Francis, to mention just four other candidates for the No12 jersey? Even Slade would be unwise to assume anything yet.
“This is Sladey's opportunity to show he can be a third choice at 12 – or one of the choices at 12,” said Jones, reserving the right to keep his options open.
What Jones describes as a “sparring match” in the buildup to the “heavyweight contests in the 2019 World Cup” will certainly be a significant one for south Devon with the Teignmouth-reared Sam Simmonds set to win his first cap off the bench after the unlucky Tom Curry damaged a wrist in training.
Above all else, however, Jones wants his pack to come snorting out of the autumn blocks – “That's where the game is won or lost … if you get good quality ball then the little guys can run with it” – and not to underestimate Argentina.
“They know if they beat England at Twickenham then their whole season turns around. They'll go back to Buenos Aires, sit on the beach as heroes and everyone will want to buy them a beer and a steak,” he said.
England, having defeated the Pumas three times this year, want their visitors to return home empty-handed once again.
IRISH SOLDIERS FROM the Siege of Jadotville will finally receive bravery medals – almost 56 years after they fought.
The decision was taken at Enda Kenny's last cabinet meeting today.
In 1961 when the United Nations intervened in the Katanga conflict in the African Congo, a contingent of 155 Irish troops were sent to the Congo on the peacekeeping mission. A Company were sent into Jadotville after a Swedish company pulled out.
Their battle was effectively swept under the carpet and the medals board at the time denied them the honour of being awarded medals.
Source: PA Wire/PA Images
Today's decision was made after fifth year pupils at Galway Community College lobbied politicians.
Taoiseach Enda Kenny said, “I am very pleased to announce this decision to award medals to the men of “A” Company. This fully recognises their bravery and courage during the unique circumstances of the Siege of Jadotville.
The UN peacekeeping operation in the Congo was the first time the UN deployed a significant military force and it was also one of Ireland's earliest UN peacekeeping operations.
‘Just teenagers'
While Commandant Pat Quinlan was 42, the bulk of the troops were just teenagers. Photos of the men before the siege show them with regulation blue helmets askew and rifles in their hands.
Tadhg Quinn was 19 when he fought at Jadotville, he told TheJournal.ie that they didn't have enough food, ammunition or water for the siege. At one stage, they were sent jerry cans of water – but they were petrol cans that hadn't even been cleaned out.
The also spent months in captivity after the siege and were only allowed one spoon of liquid each.
Source: Wikipedia
Last year The Siege of Jadotville was released in cinemas before moving to Netflix.
Northern Irish actor Jamie Dornan played Commandant Pat Quinlan.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Japan's resurgent army - explained in 60 seconds
Japan's cabinet has approved a record 4.98 trillion yen (£28bn, $42bn) budget for defence spending, amid a long-running maritime dispute with China.
The new budget represents a 2.8% rise from the previous fiscal year. It marks the third year of increased spending after a decade of cuts.
New Defence Minister Gen Nakatani said it was needed to deal with the "changing situation" around Japan.
The money is expected to go towards patrol aircraft and vessels.
These include 20 maritime patrol aircraft, five crossover aircraft - which have both airplane and helicopter functionalities - and six stealth fighters.
The defence ministry is also planning to buy 30 amphibious vehicles and an early-warning aircraft, which can detect vessels and other aircraft from a long distance.
The approval comes after last year's successful push by Prime Minister Shinzo Abe to reinterpret the country's pacifist constitution and allow the military to come to the aid of an ally under attack, which some of Japan's neighbours saw as a move towards increased militarism.
Image copyright Reuters Image caption The disputed East China Sea islands are claimed by both Japan and China
Dispute over islands
Beijing and Tokyo are engaged in a bitter dispute in the East China Sea over islands known as Senkaku in Japan and Diaoyu in China.
The islands are controlled by Japan. But since the Japanese government purchased three of them from their private Japanese owner in 2012, a long-simmering row over their ownership has escalated dramatically.
Mr Nakatani, who was appointed defence minister in December, said on Sunday that "the situation around Japan is changing".
"The level of defence spending reflects the amount necessary to protect Japan's air, sea and land, and guard the lives and property of our citizens."
Image copyright Reuters Image caption Mr Nakatani was speaking on Sunday at a military drill for airborne troops
He noted that Chinese naval ships were appearing more frequently near Japan's waters and its fighter jets were being flown "abnormally close" to Japanese aircraft.
Mr Nakatani's statements, made at a military drill for airborne troops, prompted criticism from China, which said its maritime activities were "completely legitimate".
China has also seen a sharp increase in its official defence budget, which is more than two and half times larger than Japan's.
The US has by far the world's largest military budget, spending $600bn on defence last year.
Japan's defence spending boost is part of a record 96.3 trillion yen overall budget for the government for the coming fiscal year.
Social security spending, including care for the elderly, has also been boosted.
It is being financed partly from increased revenues from last year's unpopular increase in the sales tax, as well as the issuing of government bonds, which has gone down from 40% last year to 38% this year.
and Harry Reid and the White House. Do you want this to be the legacy of your efforts?
[A]n insurance industry insider who has been deeply involved in the health care fight emails to declare victory. "We WIN," the insider writes. "Administered by private insurance companies. No government funding. No government insurance competitor."
Or this?
GOP aides are increasingly confident that the Senate bill will represent the public option's "Waterloo," as one aide puts it, chiefly because it's questionable whether pressure from liberals in the House will do much to prevent what emerges from the Senate from getting into the final bill largely intact. That has some GOP aides already chortling that the public option is headed for defeat. "If you're looking for a Waterloo, the public option's is fast approaching," one emails. "Whatever comes out of the Senate will undoubtedly be in the final bill and it sounds like Lieberman and Snowe have their hands on the wheel."
The bill without a public option is little more than a big ol' wet kiss to the insurance industry, a gift of some $600 billion and millions of new subscribers. Sure, they'll have a few more hoops to jump through to figure out how to dump people and deny their claims, but they'll still be able to do it. There are bits and pieces in the legislation that will help control costs, but without a program that expressly challenges the status quo of employer-based private insurance, it can't be called "reform."
If the insurance companies come out of this declaring victory, it's not reform. You can help remind the 10 Senators negotiating on the public option of that fact.
But Kenneth Arrow, the economics Nobel laureate, showed in his 1951 doctoral thesis that the problem runs far deeper than anyone had imagined. Mr. Arrow's “impossibility theorem” says that there is no mechanism that can coherently speak for the will of the people.
Loosely speaking, this extraordinary result says that any mechanism that aims to speak for the will of the people — that is, not a dictatorship — will be susceptible to at least one of three defects.
The first possible defect is the problem the marquis illustrated — the problem of preference cycles. The second possible defect is that voters will make choices that suggest that the addition of irrelevant alternatives leads them to change their minds. This is the equivalent of choosing chocolate over vanilla, only to reverse course and choose vanilla instead, once strawberry has been added to the menu.
The third possibility is that even when each voter individually prefers chocolate ice cream to vanilla, somehow collectively the voters will choose vanilla instead. (I'm grateful to the economist Alex Tabarrok for this ice cream analogy.)
The news isn't all bad. The fact that any voting rule is susceptible to one of these defects doesn't mean that the voters must make incoherent choices, merely that it could happen. (And perhaps it just did.)
Mr. Arrow's impossibility theorem suggests that maybe the Republican primary results say less about the desires of Republican voters than they do about tensions inherent in groups of people collectively deciding what to do.
Economic theorists have also pointed to a reason that the modern G.O.P. may be particularly susceptible to making strange choices. If disagreements between voters are simple enough — such as when some want more liberal policies and others more conservative policies — simple majority rule won't result in any of the defects that concerned Mr. Arrow. Perhaps disagreements between Democrats are this simple.
After having issued the command, you will be asked a number of questions. Answer them as you desire. Below is how I answered the questions when creating my server keystore.
What is your first and last name? [Unknown]: Ivan Krizsan What is the name of your organizational unit? [Unknown]: Home Unit What is the name of your organization? [Unknown]: Home Organization What is the name of your City or Locality? [Unknown]: Home City What is the name of your State or Province? [Unknown]: Home State What is the two-letter country code for this unit? [Unknown]: SE Is CN=Ivan Krizsan, OU=Home Unit, O=Home Organization, L=Home City, ST=Home State, C=SE correct? [no]: yes
The result should be a file named “server_keystore.jks”.
Create the Client Truststore
The client truststore contain one or more entries for certificates that the client is expected to trust. When the client tries to connect to a server, the identity of the server is verified against the entries in the truststore.
To create the client truststore, I used the following two commands:
keytool -export -alias httpskey -keystore server_keystore.jks -storepass secret -file server.cert keytool -import -v -trustcacerts -alias httpskey -keystore client_truststore.jks -storepass secret -file server.cert
After having issued the second command, you will be asked whether to trust the certificate in the server.cert file. Answer yes to this question.
Now you should have a total of three files: “server_keystore.jks”, “client_truststore.jks” and “server.cert”. Copy the first two files to the “src/main/resources” of the example project we created earlier.
Create the Mock Server Configuration
In the example project there should be a file named “httpsunittestwithhttpclient.xml” in the “src/main/app” directory. Paste the following Mule configuration into this file:
<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?> <mule xmlns:https="http://www.mulesoft.org/schema/mule/https" xmlns="http://www.mulesoft.org/schema/mule/core" xmlns:doc="http://www.mulesoft.org/schema/mule/documentation" xmlns:spring="http://www.springframework.org/schema/beans" xmlns:test="http://www.mulesoft.org/schema/mule/test" xmlns:xsi="http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema-instance" xsi:schemaLocation=" http://www.springframework.org/schema/beans http://www.springframework.org/schema/beans/spring-beans-current.xsd http://www.mulesoft.org/schema/mule/core http://www.mulesoft.org/schema/mule/core/current/mule.xsd http://www.mulesoft.org/schema/mule/https http://www.mulesoft.org/schema/mule/https/current/mule-https.xsd http://www.mulesoft.org/schema/mule/test http://www.mulesoft.org/schema/mule/test/current/mule-test.xsd"> <https:connector name="HTTPSNoClientCert" clientSoTimeout="10000" serverSoTimeout="10000" socketSoLinger="0"> <!-- Removes the Mule session information from messages sent over this connector. --> <service-overrides sessionHandler="org.mule.session.NullSessionHandler"/> <!-- Sets the keystore and passwords used by this connector. --> <https:tls-key-store path="server_keystore.jks" keyPassword="secret" storePassword="secret" /> </https:connector> <flow name="https-noclientcert-flow"> <https:inbound-endpoint exchange-pattern="request-response" host="localhost" port="8082" connector-ref="HTTPSNoClientCert"/>
If you are familiar with Mule configuration files, please feel free to skip the following explanation.
The above Mule configuration file contains:
A HTTPS connector named “HTTPSNoClientCert”.
A Mule connector contains the configuration for a means of communication. In this case the communication use the basic protocol HTTPS with some timeout parameters and a keystore.
In addition the connector has a null session handler configured on it which will prevent Mule from sending out Mule session information to clients.
A Mule connector contains the configuration for a means of communication. In this case the communication use the basic protocol HTTPS with some timeout parameters and a keystore. In addition the connector has a null session handler configured on it which will prevent Mule from sending out Mule session information to clients. A flow named “https-noclientcert-flow”.
A Mule flow describes a potential path a message may travel.
A Mule flow describes a potential path a message may travel. The flow in turn contains an inbound endpoint.
The inbound endpoint is a receiver for messages sent to the flow.
As can be seen, the flow references the HTTPS connector mentioned earlier using the connector-ref attribute. The host and port attributes specifies the address and port at which the inbound endpoint will be listening for incoming messages.
The inbound endpoint is a receiver for messages sent to the flow. As can be seen, the flow references the HTTPS connector mentioned earlier using the connector-ref attribute. The host and port attributes specifies the address and port at which the inbound endpoint will be listening for incoming messages. After the inbound endpoint, the flow contains a test-component.
Its purpose is to log received messages to the console.
Its purpose is to log received messages to the console. Finally the flow contains a processor that sets the payload of the (outgoing) message.
We can test the mock HTTPS server by right-clicking on the Mule configuration file we just created and selecting Run As → Mule Application. Then open a browser, like Firefox, and enter the URL “https://localhost:8082/”.
There may be a warning about an untrusted certificate, but just confirm that you trust the certificate. Having done that, you should see a string like this in the browser window if everything works as expected:
Hello, the time is now 2014-10-05T21:28:19.948+02:00
Add a Log4J Configuration File
In order to be able to see what Mule logs, add the following file named “log4j.xml” in the “src/test/resources” directory in the example project:
<!DOCTYPE log4j:configuration SYSTEM "log4j.dtd"> <log4j:configuration> <appender name="stdout" class="org.apache.log4j.ConsoleAppender"> <param name="Target" value="System.out" /> <layout class="org.apache.log4j.PatternLayout"> <param name="ConversionPattern" value="%d %-5p %-30C - %m%n" /> </layout> </appender> <logger name="org.mule"> <level value="INFO"/> </logger> <logger name="org.mule.transport"> <level value="WARN"/> </logger> <logger name="org.mule.tck.functional"> <level value="DEBUG"/> </logger> <root> <priority value="WARN" /> <appender-ref ref="stdout" /> </root> </log4j:configuration>
Implement the Test
So far, we have only been preparing for the actual purpose of this article, namely the test showing how to connect to a server over HTTPS. The reason I prefer the Apache HttpClient to connect to the server over, for instance the Mule client API, is that it gives me more control over the request sent to the server and I also know that the response I receive in my test-code has not been altered in any way.
The test that connects to the mock server looks like this:
package se.ivankrizsan.mule.https; import java.security.KeyStore; import java.util.HashMap; import java.util.Map; import javax.net.ssl.SSLContext; import javax.net.ssl.TrustManagerFactory; import org.apache.commons.io.IOUtils; import org.apache.http.Header; import org.apache.http.HeaderIterator; import org.apache.http.HttpResponse; import org.apache.http.client.methods.HttpGet; import org.apache.http.conn.scheme.Scheme; import org.apache.http.conn.ssl.SSLSocketFactory; import org.apache.http.impl.client.DefaultHttpClient; import org.junit.Assert; import org.junit.Before; import org.junit.Test; import org.mule.tck.junit4.FunctionalTestCase; /** * Tests connecting to a HTTPS server that does not require a client certificate. * * @author Ivan Krizsan */ public class HttpsNoClientCertificateTest extends FunctionalTestCase { /* Constant(s): */ /** Mule configuration file(s) loaded by the test-case. */ private final static String[] TEST_CONFIGURATION_FILES = { "httpsunittestwithhttpclient.xml" }; /** URL which to send test-request to. */ private final static String TEST_ENDPOINT_URL = "https://localhost:8082/"; /** Client truststore. */ private static final String CLIENT_TRUSTSTORE = "client_truststore.jks"; /** Client truststore password. */ private static final String CLIENT_TRUSTSTORE_PASSWORD = "secret"; /* Instance variable(s): */ private DefaultHttpClient mHttpClient; @Override protected String[] getConfigFiles() { return TEST_CONFIGURATION_FILES; } /** * Prepares for tests by performing creating and initializing the HTTP * client used to send test-request. * * @throws Exception If error occurred. */ @Before public void setUp() throws Exception { mHttpClient = new DefaultHttpClient(); /* Load client truststore. */ final KeyStore theClientTruststore = KeyStore.getInstance("JKS"); theClientTruststore.load(loadResource(CLIENT_TRUSTSTORE), CLIENT_TRUSTSTORE_PASSWORD.toCharArray()); /* Create a trust manager factory using the client truststore. */ final TrustManagerFactory theTrustManagerFactory = TrustManagerFactory.getInstance(TrustManagerFactory .getDefaultAlgorithm()); theTrustManagerFactory.init(theClientTruststore); /* * Create a SSL context with a trust manager that uses the * client truststore. */ final SSLContext theSslContext = SSLContext.getInstance("TLS"); theSslContext.init(null, theTrustManagerFactory.getTrustManagers(), null); /* * Create a SSL socket factory that uses the client truststore SSL * context and that does not perform any kind of hostname verification. * IMPORTANT: Hostname verification should be performed in a * production environment! * To turn on hostname verification, change the * ALLOW_ALL_HOSTNAME_VERIFIER below to STRICT_HOSTNAME_VERIFIER. */ final SSLSocketFactory theSslSocketFactory = new SSLSocketFactory(theSslContext, SSLSocketFactory.ALLOW_ALL_HOSTNAME_VERIFIER); /* * Register the SSL socket factory to be used with HTTPS connections * with the HTTP client. * A {@code Scheme} object is used to associate the protocol scheme, * such as HTTPS in this case, and a socket factory. */ final Scheme theHttpsScheme = new Scheme("https", 443, theSslSocketFactory); mHttpClient.getConnectionManager().getSchemeRegistry().register( theHttpsScheme); } /** * Tests a successful HTTPS connection. * * @throws Exception If error occurs. Indicates test failure. */ @Test public void testSuccessfulConnection() throws Exception { /* * Create a HTTP GET to the HTTPS endpoint and set a HTTP header * on the request. */ final HttpGet theHttpGet = new HttpGet(TEST_ENDPOINT_URL); theHttpGet.addHeader("test-header-name", "test-header-value"); /* Send the HTTPS request. */ final HttpResponse theHttpResponse = mHttpClient.execute(theHttpGet); Assert.assertNotNull("A response message should have been received", theHttpResponse); /* Insert headers from the response in a map. */ final Map<String, String> theResponseHeadersMap = new HashMap<String, String>(); final HeaderIterator theHeaderIterator =
The code is fairly well commented, but I will despite this provide a brief analysis:
The test-class inherits from the class FunctionalTestCase .
FunctionalTestCase is a base-class for tests that wants to start a Mule instance as part of the tests.
. is a base-class for tests that wants to start a Mule instance as part of the tests. The method getConfigFiles returns the Mule configuration file(s) that are to be loaded into the Mule instance started as part of the tests.
In this case it is the Mule configuration file containing the mock server.
returns the Mule configuration file(s) that are to be loaded into the Mule instance started as part of the tests. In this case it is the Mule configuration file containing the mock server. The setUp method creates and configures an instance of the Apache HttpClient that uses a certain truststore to verify the identity of the server(s) it communicates with.
method creates and configures an instance of the Apache HttpClient that uses a certain truststore to verify the identity of the server(s) it communicates with. The test-method testSuccessfulConnection tests what is expected to be a successful connection attempt to the server.
Running the Test
If we now right-click the test-class in the IDE and selects Run As → JUnit Test, the test should pass and you should see, among other things, output similar to this in the console:
******************************************************************************** * Message Received in service: https-noclientcert-flow. Content is: / * ******************************************************************************** 2014-10-05 22:00:11,845 INFO org.mule.module.logging.DispatchingLogger - Full Message payload: / Message properties: INVOCATION scoped properties: INBOUND scoped properties: Connection=true Host=localhost:8082 Keep-Alive=true MULE_ORIGINATING_ENDPOINT=endpoint.https.localhost.8082 MULE_REMOTE_CLIENT_ADDRESS=/127.0.0.1:50474 User-Agent=Apache-HttpClient/4.2 (java 1.5) http.context.path=/ http.context.uri=https://localhost:8082 http.headers={Host=localhost:8082, User-Agent=Apache-HttpClient/4.2 (java 1.5), Keep-Alive=true, test-header-name=test-header-value, Connection=true} http.method=GET http.query.params={} http.query.string= http.relative.path= http.request=/ http.request.path=/ http.version=HTTP/1.1 test-header-name=test-header-value OUTBOUND scoped properties: LOCAL_CERTIFICATES=[Ljava.security.cert.X509Certificate;@76c5ccf MULE_ENCODING=UTF-8 SESSION scoped properties: Response headers: {LOCAL_CERTIFICATES=[Ljava.security.cert.X509Certificate;@76c5ccf, X-MULE_ENCODING=UTF-8, Date=Sun, 05 Oct 2014 22:00:11 +0200, Content-Length=52, Connection=close, Content-Type=tex t/plain, Server=Mule EE Core Extensions/3.5.0} Response body: Hello, the time is now 2014-10-05T22:00:11.859+02:00
From the above, we can see that the request, with the HTTP header “test-header-name” having the value “test-header-value”, was received by the mock server. We can also see the response headers and the response payload, the latter which contains the same type of greeting string that we saw in the browser when testing the mock server.
Note that we can also see that the Apache HttpClient library was used to send the request to the server by looking for the “User-Agent” HTTP header which has the value “Apache-HttpClient/4.2 (java 1.5)”.
It was 50 years ago today that dignitaries and local residents flocked to the brand new Macdonald-Cartier Bridge.
The 617-metre long, six-lane bridge over the Ottawa River was inaugurated on Oct. 15, 1965. It had been under construction for two years, and on that day it was filled with people — on bikes, in cars and on foot.
Many important dignitaries took in the bridge's inauguration, which involved placing a bronze plaque midway between the two provinces it connected. They included the then-premiers of both Quebec and Ontario, Jean Lesage and John Robarts, as well as the prime minister of the day, Lester Pearson.
The bridge is currently in the midst of a $5 million upgrade, including its deck, sidewalks and concrete surface.
In the piece of archival footage above, federal public works minister George McIlraith talks about the Macdonald-Cartier Bridge, days before its inauguration.
Hi guys! It's time for another update. Down below you can review the changes in 4.2, and I hope you'll enjoy what it has to offer. As always let me know if there are any bugs or any other issues. Have fun!
Posted by trancemaster_1988 on Aug 19th, 2017
Hi guys! It's time for another update. Down below you can review the changes in 4.2, and I hope you'll enjoy what it has to offer. As always let me know if there are any bugs or any other issues. Have fun!
Vanilla Fixes
* Removed 'Resist Corprus Disease: Variable', 'Resist Corprus Disease: Strong', 'Resist Corprus Disease: Great' and 'Weakness to Corprus Disease' from NPCs as the spells were useless and didn't have any effect on gameplay.
* Removed 'Ghost Curse', 'Ogrul's Quick Again', 'Scrib Paralysis', 'Alit Bite', 'Wrath of Uthol' and 'Grave'-curses from NPCs as they are special spells not intended to be used by unique NPCs or creatures.
* Shuzug gro-Bug and Shagdub gra-Murz, Tel Aruhn could sometimes appear naked due to their skills in light armor being set too low.
Morrowind Rebirth Fixes
* Fixed an issue where the spell 'Burden of Sin' being set as 'target' instead of 'touch' caused an "invalid trap" error message appearing under certain circumstances.
* Fixed (potentially) an issue where the minaret in Gnisis were missing which caused floating banners and other statics hanging in the air next to the temple.
* Fixed an issue where it was impossible to get out of the Deadlands if you didn't have access to levetation spells/enchantments.
* Fixed an issue where a missing texture for the St.Felms statue 'tr_st_statue.dds' could cause the game to crash.
* Fixed an issue where the bridge connecting Vivec Entrance and Vivec was floating above ground.
* Fixed issues where light-sources had to low light radius, making some areas too dark.
* Fixed some texture issues on the Silver Battle Axe.
* Fixed collision issues with some plants/flowers.
* Fixed spaces and underscores in NPC names.
* Landscape fixes and improvements.
* Fixed doubling issues.
Morrowind Rebirth Changes
* Vampire clan vendors have recieved tweaks so that they offer more meaningful items for sale. They also have more money and some items like ammo, probes, potions and repair items now restock.
* Removed the (horrendous) female variations of the Imperial Cuirass and Imperial Chain Cuirass introduced by the expansions.
* The outfitter in Balmora, Clagius Clanler, now is more of an oddball trader rather than another pawnbroker.
* Most vendors that deal with potions now restock and have a larger selection to choose from.
* All named Ash Ghouls now have a unique model to set them apart from regular Ash Ghouls.
* Randomized the amount of gold in all containers that used to have a set amount of gold.
* All summons now emit a small white light and are somewhat trancelucent.
* Lowered the volume of some in-game effects that were painfully loud.
* Added a few more basic spells to Arrille such as Jump and Feather.
* Randomized the content of urns that used to have just bonemeal.
* Arangaer, The Scribbled Scroll, Balmora no longer sell spells.
* All summons now have the prefix "Summoned" in their name.
* Dreamers (talkers), are no longer half-naked and unarmed.
* The topic 'Ald Redaynia' now mentions that it's a village rather than a site of an old ruined wizard's tower.
* The topic 'Pelagiad' now mentions the Mages Guild in Pelagiad.
* The topic 'Imperial Legion' now mentions Fort Ashmoth.
* The topic 'Forts' now mentions Fort Ashmoth.
* Elone's Directions now mentions Seyda Outpost.
* Travel guides no longer have the barter option.
* Greatly improved performance in Seyda Neen.
* Kwama Foragers are now hostile again.
* Hundreds of misc tweaks.
Morrowind Rebirth Additions
* New places of interest such as ruins, mass graves, bandit camps etc.
* Added a proper sleeping quarters to Guild of Fighters, Balmora.
* Added a palisade to Gnaar Mok plus additional detailing.
* Added 28 new enchanted Dwemer weapons to leveled-lists.
* Added 8 new enchanted shields to leveled-lists.
* Added 8 new enchanted staffs to leveled-lists.
* Lots of new props around Vvardenfell.
* Added 25 new seasonal rumors.
* New creature:
- Dremora Archer
* New Artifact:
- Frostsong
* New armor
- Dwemer Towershield
* New Spells
- Spelldrinker: Wild
Balance
Game settings
* Tweaks to hand-to-hand damage output by changing 'fmaxhandtohandmult' from 1.000 to 0.7500, as it was a bit too strong at higher skill levels (0.500 vanilla).
* Drastically lowered the cost for creating enchantments by changing 'fenchantmentvaluemult' from 800 to 500 (1000 vanilla).
* The distance at which NPCs greet the player has been lowered from 3 to 2 (6 vanilla).
* The maximum attribute multiplier has been decreased from 5x to 4x:
* Min running speed from 120 to 125 (100 vanilla).
* Max running speed from 160 to 200 (200 vanilla).
Creatures
* Bloodmoon summons Wolf and Bonewolf has recived a bit more health + reduced magica cost.
* Alits now have a 50 % resistance to poison.
* Skeleton movement speed from 50 to 60.
Weapons
* Dagoth Dagger value from 75 to 125.
Clothing
* Exquisite Amulet enchantment capacity from 60 to 160.
* Extravagant Amulet enchantment capacity from 30 to 100.
* Expensive Amulet enchantment capacity from 15 to 60.
* Exquisite Ring enchantment capacity from 60 to 80.
* Extravagant Ring enchantment capacity from 30 to 50.
* Expensive Ring enchantment capacity from 15 to 30.
* Emperor's Defence value from 975 to 2250.
* Alchemist's Robe value from 1750 to 2750.
Spells (base cost)
* Weakness to Fire base cost from 0.3 to 0.2.
* Weakness to Shock base cost from 0.3 to 0.2.
* Weakness to Poison base cost from 0.3 to 0.2.
* Weakness to Frost base cost from 0.3 to 0.2.
* Resist Blight Disease base cost from 2.0 to 0.5.
* Resist Common Disease base cost from 0.5 to 0.4.
* Absorb Fatigue base cost from 14 to 10.
* Spell Absorption base cost from 6 to 0.8.
* Absorb Magica base cost from 14 to 12.
Spells (general)
* Energy Leech magnitude from 5-25 to 25-25.
* Tap Energy magnitude from 12-12 to 20-20.
* Spelldrinker: duration from 5 to 15 seconds.
* Spelldrinker: Strong duration from 5 to 15 seconds.
* Spelldrinker: Great duration from 5 to 15 seconds.
* Spell Absorption duration from 5 to 15 seconds.
Graphics
* New meshes for Steel Broadsword, Nordic Iron Helm, Cavern Beams, Baskets, Crates and much more!
* New mesh/texture/icon for the shield Emperor's Defence.
* Improved the look of the Iron Crossbow.
* New icon for the Silver Katana.
Misc
* New extensive readme.
On July 22 Spain passed a law (link in Spanish) called the canon AEDE, after the acronym for Spain's daily newspapers' association. The law has been dubbed the tasa Google (“Google tax”) in the Spanish press and gives these publishers the right to seek payment from any site that links to their content with a “meaningful” description of the work.
Though the government hastened to clarify (Spanish) that the law won't apply to social networks like Twitter and Facebook, what it means for search engines such as Google and sites like Digg or Reddit—or even Quartz—is still quite unclear. What's a “meaningful” description? How much compensation is due per link? Who arbitrates in the event of a dispute? And in a world where every news outlet writes the same story, what is exclusive content? The fine for violation of the law is as much as €300,000 (Spanish) and one study says it would cost internet firms €1.13 billion euros (Spanish).
The law has invited criticism from internet entrepreneurs who fear it will stifle innovation, since so many new web businesses depend on linking in some form; from magazines and digital outlets that aren't members of AEDE and won't be able to claim compensation; and of course from Google itself, which protested on its Spanish blog in February that Google News doesn't carry ads, and noted that publishers can easily remove themselves from search results at any time. (Every website has a file called robots.txt that can instruct search engines not to index it.) That, of course, the publishers don't want to do, since without Google's links they would lose a huge number of readers.
But Spain is not the first European country to try to force Google to pay them instead. Germany passed a similar law last year, which will soon be put to the test: Several of Germany's major publishers last month demanded Google Pay them 11% of its revenue from linking to their content. (What they'll demand from ad-free Google News isn't clear.) Google has also resolved copyright disputes over linking with both French and francophone Belgian news publishers by funneling more money their way.
The fact that Spain's law protects only its daily newspapers and not other publishers may make it harder to defend, but now that it has passed, we'll have to wait for the first test cases. How they'll be enforced is still unclear, but it's worth remembering that Spain gave us the case that led to another controversial ruling that went against Google: the “right to be forgotten.”
Play SID Files on the Real Commodore 64
Michał Kalbarczyk Blocked Unblock Follow Sep 30, 2016
A long time ago, I've written Inesid, a SID files Web Player. It looks like an old Commodore 64 program with a retro interface. Lately, I've added a tree view, so you can easily browse all HVSC collection and play a file you want.
But there was something that bothers me! Can I play all these songs directly on my Commodore 64 ?
After a research, the answer is yes!
All I need is a MIDI cartridge for Commodore 64. Luckily I have kerberos.
Great! Another thing is a software. There are a lot of software that can play midi notes, but there is not enough. There must be something else. Then I found Station64. Is support a ASID protocol. But there is no any working SID player that supports this protocol.
Chrome now supports WebMIDI. So why not Inesid ?
Because I can't find any ASID documentation online, I've asked the Station64 author. Got it! It was really fast. Thanks a lot!
Now I'd like to present to you, shiny new Inesid that can play SID files on the real commodore. All you need is to run Station64, choose MIDI port and play! Check it out!
Reliever Javier Lopez, a Rule 5 pick who went on to win four World Series championship rings with the Red Sox and Giants, is retiring.
Lopez, 39, was a free agent.
“More than anything, it's just time,” Lopez said. “It's a young man's game. Although I think I can compete, it's getting harder and harder to get ready for spring.
Article continues below ...
“I'm looking forward to some other things in my life. We'll see what they are. I don't know yet, but we'll come up with something.”
Lopez did not make his major-league debut until he was 25, but wound up pitching for 14 seasons, finishing with 839 appearances, 41st on the all-time list.
Originally selected by the Diamondbacks in the fourth round of the 1998 draft, he went to the Red Sox as a Rule 5 pick in 2002.
He won his first World Series with the Sox in '07, but made his biggest mark with the Giants, contributing to their championship bullpens in 2010, '12 and '14.
“Javier is the kind of player every manager would want to have on his team,” Giants manager Bruce Bochy said. “He was not only great to have in the bullpen but in the clubhouse too. Winning the 2016 Willie Mac award (as the Giants' most inspirational player) showed how much he was revered and appreciated by his teammates.”
Lopez's agent, Barry Meister, expressed similar sentiments.
“I've been representing players for over 30 years, and this is one of the finest human beings I've ever represented,” Meister said.
“He's someone I look up to, not just as a player, but as a man. I love this guy.”
The controversial Rideau Street bar that saw a homicide and stabbing outside its doors last month will shut down, Rideau-Vanier Coun. Mathieu Fleury says.
Fleury tweeted out the news about Mingle Room on Monday after holding several talks with community groups, the bar's owner, the property owner and the police.
In June, popular local athlete Ashton Dickson, 25, was gunned down around 1 a.m. after an argument that began inside Mingle Room spilled outside. He died outside the establishment a short time later.
Earlier that month, a 25-year-old man was stabbed in front of the Mingle Room after nearby residents heard gunfire.
The two incidents triggered an investigation by the province's Alcohol and Gaming Commission.
A sign found on the bar's doors Monday announced the closure, and thanked patrons for their support.
“It is regret that we are announcing that due to some changes, Mingle room is now closed,” reads the sign.
“We wish the future occupants of this space nothing but success. It has been a pleasure to serve and to build a home for many of you.”
Residents of the community have been lobbying the city to have the four-year-old bar shut down.
It's not the first time city councillors and staff have pushed for the closure of a controversial private business. In October, River Coun. Riley Brockington met with the landlord of 1319 Shillington Ave. near Merivale Road over complaints he had received about the Suya Spot, which had become a location police were repeatedly being called to. That business closed its doors later that month.
Hello and welcome back to Part 2 of my guide to getting through Silver. In this article, I'll be talking briefly about the five roles and which ones are best for climbing as well as how to choose an optimal champion to maximize your chances of winning.
I was going to write a part on choosing your role before this one but there seems to be many resources readily available on which roles are best for climbing in solo queue so I'll just speak about it briefly. In my and the general population's opinion, the best two roles for solo queue are jungle and mid lane. Jungle is probably the most influential as you're able to freely influence the entire map as part of your role while in the other positions you'll be spending the majority of your time farming minions in lane. The next most influential role is mid lane as you have to option to roam to either side lane or into the enemy jungle. You're close enough to each of these locations that you can very quickly react to opportunities that present themselves. The other three positions are all limited by distance from the map as well as the need to stay in lane to farm. Top lane players are limited by their teleport cooldown. Support players can make roam plays but leave their marksman exposed in lane. Marksmen players are typically looking to stay in lane and farm as much as possible. I personally queue up as mid lane and jungle but any role can be successful if you know how to effectively influence the map.
After you've chosen which roles you want to play, you can decide on champions to learn for those roles. To that end, I definitely have to recommend taking a look at win rates for specific champions within specific roles which can be found on many different websites such as champion.gg and leagueofgraphs.com. Champions with high win rates typically give you a higher chance to win once you've learned to play them well. Sure, it can be super fun to play Lee Sin jungle or maybe you've been dying to try out Miss Fortune support but you're statistically giving yourself a handicap. Besides looking at win rates, I typically look for a champion that has at least one of four characteristics.
The first characteristic that I look for is lane dominance. A good example of a champion that excels at this is Pantheon. He has targeted damage ability as well as a targeted stun that makes it extremely easy to pressure lane and potentially get kills. On top of that his ultimate allows him to roam to one of the other lanes easily. Lane dominance is the earliest step a player can take to winning the game. By shutting down your lane opponent and then using your advantage to snowball other lanes, you set yourself up for an easy victory. Other examples of these types of aggressive laners are Kayle and Miss Fortune whom along with Pantheon, have an easy time dominating their lane opponent and as a result enjoy a win rate significantly higher than fifty percent. I only look for this characteristic for champions I'm planning to lane with. I think the next two traits are far more important for junglers.
The second characteristic that I look for is strong single target crowd control (CC) abilities. Examples of this kind of champion are Skarner and Malzahar. Each one of these champions has an ultimate that is targeted onto specifically one champion but is guaranteed to lock them up for a period of time. By using your ultimate, you're basically throwing up a huge indicator to your team that they should kill the person that you targeted, and if that's an enemy carry in a late game scenario, you've basically just won the game for your team. Of course it's not always going to be that easy and there are a lot of factors involved, but by having an easy point and click disable, you give yourself an edge over maybe someone like Varus that has a similar ultimate that is used to disable but since it is a skillshot, is far more likely to fail. Other examples of these single target CC type champions are Vi and Warwick.
The third characteristic that I look for is champions with strong late game team fighting potential through area of effect (AOE) CC abilities. Three examples of this kind of champion are Amumu, Kennen, and Galio who each have ultimates that disable in a big circle. Galio actually currently has the highest win rate of all top laners which is probably something I (and most likely you) did not expect. In a late game situation, the team that can kill the enemy carries fastest is probably going to win and having abilities that lock up multiple targets at once facilitate this. Another example of this kind of champion is Morgana who also has an AOE CC ultimate.
The last characteristic I look for is ability to influence the map easily. Several champions have abilities that allow them to cover great distances very quickly which gives them an edge when they move to influence other areas of the map. Examples include Quinn and Karthus. Quinn's ultimate allows her to move at high speeds which opens up windows where she can gank easily without sacrificing farm in her lane. Karthus' ultimate allows him to deal damage to all enemy champions from wherever he happens to be on the map which could be the decider in whether your team gets a kill or not. I would tend to be careful with this trait however as roaming and making educated plays takes a lot of practice and on the fly decision making. You may put yourself in a bad position through poor execution and come off worse as a result. This trait is extremely rewarding in getting your team ahead but could lead to you getting punished instead.
Many champions actually fit into more than one of these categories which makes them extra suitable for solo queue. My personal favorite and the champion I used to get to Gold this season is Kennen. I saw him played during the World Championships, bought him, played a couple of normal games with him, then climbed from Silver I to Gold on a seven game win streak. Kennen is kind of a hybrid of all three of the categories I described above as he can easily dominate lane thanks to his ranged auto attacks and he has both single target CC and AOE CC from his passive and ultimate. Miss Fortune is a hybrid of lane dominance through her Double Tap (Q) and late game team fighting thanks to the strength of her ultimate. Morgana has strong single target CC because of the duration of her Dark Binding (Q) as well as strong AOE CC from her ultimate. Annie is similar to Morgana as she has targeted CC on her Disintegrate (Q) and AOE CC from her ultimate and Incinerate (E).
As a general rule of thumb, I try to play lane dominant champions in lane with some kind of easy to use CC and for the jungle I generally play champions with strong CC.
Even though I just got done talking about how specific champions with certain characteristics are preferable choices, that shouldn't discourage you from playing champions that you think are fun and you can win with. I'd much rather have someone that averages a seventy percent win rate with Cho'Gath over sixty games as opposed to someone being forced to first time Yasuo because it happens to counter the enemy Gnar. If you're comfortable with an off meta champion, by all means you should play it instead of a more meta champion. Another prominent example of this is Faker who is currently playing in NA Solo Queue during his World Championship run. He currently has an eighty-five percent win rate with Ryze over twenty-six games which is insane considering Ryze has the lowest win rates in both the top and mid lane across all champions. If you're struggling to find a champion to main, try and follow my guidelines. However, if there's one champion that you just love to play, play that champion as perfectly as possible and it will be just as good as any other meta pick.
I'll just include my own personal recommendations for strong solo queue champions at their positions. I think they are strong enough to carry on their own and offer powerful set up tools to aid your team. They should also be fairly simple to pick up with a little bit of practice.
Top: Kennen, Malphite
Jungle: Skarner, Zac
Mid: Kennen, Annie
Marksmen: Miss Fortune, Jinx
Support: Janna, Blitzcrank
That concludes the second part of my series on climbing from Silver to Gold. If you enjoyed my content, please toss me a follow-on Twitter.
Get your own AKRacing Chair here and support our players, all profit goes towards the teams!
One of the many ways EFF is fighting illegal NSA spying is in our lawsuit First Unitarian Church v. NSA. In this case, we represent 24 organizations that want to protect their freedom of association. We filed a major brief in this case over the weekend detailing how the NSA's mass collection of phone records has resulted in decreased calls to and from these organizations – an unconstitutional violation of their First Amendment rights. Our filing came just after the Executive Branch's Privacy and Civil Liberties Oversight Board (PCLOB) reached the same conclusion, specifically describing the organizations' injuries as “entirely predictable and rational.”
But what is this “freedom of association” anyway? The debate over the NSA spying often focuses on the deep and disturbing privacy violations, but as First Unitarian Church v. NSA shows, there are critically important free speech issues involved as well. Here's a deep dive on the issue to explain why freedom of association is so vital to our freedom of speech, and how the NSA's phone surveillance violates that right.
Privacy in Group Association
In 1956, the State of Alabama accused the local chapter of the NAACP of operating in the state without the proper license. As part of its lawsuit, the State required the NAACP to turn over its membership list. The NAACP refused, explaining that if it could not assure its members a meaningful degree of privacy, then people would be discouraged from being members. The dispute went all the way up to the Supreme Court, which agreed with the NAACP.
The Supreme Court explained that:
“Effective advocacy of both public and private points of view, particularly controversial ones, is undeniably enhanced by group association, as this Court has more than once recognized by remarking upon the close nexus between the freedoms of speech and assembly. It is beyond debate that freedom to engage in association for the advancement of beliefs and ideas is an inseparable aspect of the ‘liberty' assured by the Due Process Clause of the Fourteenth Amendment, which embraces freedom of speech. . . . This Court has recognized the vital relationship between freedom to associate and privacy in one's associations. . . . Inviolability of privacy in group association may in many circumstances be indispensable to preservation of freedom of association, particularly where a group espouses dissident beliefs.”
In later cases, the Supreme Court explained that this freedom of association was a First Amendment right derived both from the freedom of speech and the freedom to peaceably assemble.
The NSA's First Amendment Violations
The NSA's phone records dragnet interferes with this “privacy in one's associations” in the same way as Alabama's attempt to force the NAACP to disclose its membership list – it reveals who associates with groups such as People for the American Way, Students for Sensible Drug Policy, the Council on American Islamic Relations, and Calguns, a California gun owners organization.
The government, in opposing our lawsuit, was completely tone-deaf to the fact that people do not want the government to know who they call and who calls them, and especially not if this information is gathered and searched over a long period of time like the five years the government currently keeps our telephone records. The government simply refused to acknowledge that its program was capable of harming the freedom of association. Instead, it claimed its dragnet was harmless. After all, the government argued, it was only collecting phone numbers, not identities. So they want us to pretend that the NSA and the FBI don't have access to whitepages.com and many other widely available reverse lookup directories. The government also claimed that there is no harm in collecting the phone records of millions of innocent Americans because a human did not “access or review” the records. But the records (and necessarily all of them) are reviewed through multiple computer searches. Finally, the government claimed that people couldn't reasonably be nervous about the potential for the government to misuse the records. Apparently the NSA and the FBI want us to forget the misuse of past secret surveillance programs, such as the illegal COINTELPRO programs that included the wayward investigations of Martin Luther King and John Lennon.
Dozens of Organizations Harmed
In our brief, we highlighted the actual harms that the organizations have suffered:
“The government's mass collection program has resulted in a decrease in the communications that plaintiffs' members and associates are willing to have with them, has burdened plaintiffs' and their members' abilities to communicate with each other and has removed the prospect of having the existence of those communications remain unknown to the federal government. The mass collection program has thus interfered, for example, with plaintiffs' abilities to offer anonymous hotline services and has caused them to alter the way in which they fulfill their missions and provide services to their associates, often rendering it impossible for them to do so without incurring significant expense. Plaintiffs are receiving fewer telephone calls from their members and others who they serve as a result of the program. Plaintiffs can no longer assure those who wish to associate with them that the fact of their telephone communications with plaintiff will remain a secret from the government. This inability is especially damaging to the missions of this organization that advocate for privacy rights and for those organizations in which dissident communities associate. At least one plaintiff has experienced a decline in membership attributable to the collection of its call detail records. Many plaintiffs have had to communicate less and less efficiently and effectively with those persons who wish to associate with them, and vice-versa.”
We gave specific examples, too:
“As plaintiff Council for American-Islamic Relations explained, ‘When communications to which we are a party trigger additional government scrutiny, our organizational mission is undermined. The Associational Tracking Program makes it more difficult for CAIR to effectively accomplish its mission of defending the civil liberties of American Muslims.' The CAIR plaintiffs have explained that one of their programmatic services is to provide advice to those suspected of being terrorists. They thus inevitably receive calls from those on a terrorist watch list. Because the NSA analyzes all calls made and received by those who receive calls from suspected terrorists, and then, as a third 'hop,' all calls made and received by those persons, one who calls CAIR or is called by CAIR faces a very high probability that her phone records will be analyzed by the NSA. As set forth in the CAIR declarations, this creates a very strong disincentive for members to call CAIR or for CAIR to reach out to its constituents." “California NORML experienced an abrupt drop in the number of hotline calls we received after revelation of NSA's phone surveillance program in late June. Prior to then, we received an average of about 15-20 calls daily on our hotline; afterwards, calls dropped to 5-10 per day. This data supports our belief that the NSA program had a chilling effect on our constituents' willingness to communicate with us. Moreover, several of our members expressed similar concerns in this regard.” Patient Privacy Rights saw calls to its hotline halved form 40 calls a month to 20 after the phone records dragnet became public. Phone calls to the Franklin Armory dropped 70 percent after the program became public. Phone calls to Students for Sensitive Drug Policy were also halved, from 6 to 3 per day. The Charity & Security Network explained that "'We have been forced to expend time and resources on exploring new technologies that may protect the privacy of our communications, although we cannot be sure that they will actual ensure confidentiality. Some activities are delayed until in-person meetings can be arranged. On an ongoing basis, the surveillance program inhibits the ability of staff and membership to communicate about sensitive factual and strategic issues. This hampers our ability to effectively carry out our work.'” Human Rights Watch noted increased concerns about their confidentiality from its stakeholders and believes that some individuals have refrained from reporting human rights abuses to it because of the phone record dragnet.
Oversight Board Agrees
In last week's report, the PCLOB agreed that these harms are indeed real, and rejected the government's claim that the NSA's dragnet is innocuous:
“These accounts describe changes in behavior on the part of journalists, sources, whistleblowers, activists, dissidents, and others upon learning that the government maintains a comprehensive and daily updated repository of call detail records on their telephone calls. The Board believes that such a shift in behavior is entirely predictable and rational. Although we cannot quantify the full extent of the chilling effect, we believe that these results — among them greater hindrances to political activism and a less robust press — are real and will be detrimental to the nation. . . “With such vast numbers of telephone records readily subject to review, it would not be speculative for these individuals to fear that their own records may be culled from the NSA's collection repository and subject to review by government analysts.”
The government will file its final papers in about a month. A hearing will be held April 25.
Easter isn't exactly a holiday that gets associated with the horror genre very often. With the exception of last year's Holidays, in which Nicholas McCarthy gave us one of the most horrifying Easter bunnies ever created, there aren't a lot of Easter-themed horror movies out there (though Critters 2 just barely makes the cut). Austin-based artist Marcela Piñeda, who goes under the pseudonym “The Exorstitch” aims to fix that injustice by giving some of your favorite horror (and one non-horror) film an Easter-y twist in a gallery she calls “A Very Scary Easter“!
What would be more terrifying than waking up on Easter morning to see Frank the Bunny putting eggs in your Easter basket? Nothing. The answer is nothing.
Imagine participating in this Easter egg hunt (which Piñeda has renamed “Ovomorph Hunt”). You might get a nasty facehugger surprise!
At least Piñeda's version of Buffalo Bill has the courtesy to send a nice basket of colored eggs with his daily serving of moisturizer. Catherine Martin probably would have been a little bit happier in her pit if Jonathan Demme's (or Thomas Harris's) version of Bill did this.
Admittedly, the head-exploding set piece in David Cronenberg's Scanners would have lost some of its impact if confetti exploded out of the ConSec scanner's head instead of brains and blood, but it would have made the film a bit more kid-friendly. And who doesn't want a kid-friendly Cronenberg film? Fun fact: cascarón is Spanish for a hollowed out chicken egg filled with confetti or small toys.
How do you make George A. Romero's Creepshow even more terrifying? Put a Peep, arguably the nastiest candy ever created, front and center on its poster.
Which of the above prints is your favorite? Let us know in the comments below!
This is a blog about the Anti-Counterfeiting Trade Agreement (ACTA). More information is available here: /acta
ACTA is an attempt to bypass multilateral institutions
Negotiations on ACTA were formerly announced on October 23, 2007. The ACTA announcement came less than three weeks after the World Intellectual Property Organization (WIPO) adopted the “Development Agenda,” and was part of a broader strategy by right holders to move norm setting and technical assistance into more secretive, closed and captured institutions.
The WIPO Development Agenda was a far reaching agreement on reforming the UN specialized agency dealing with intellectual property. The WIPO reform agenda had been underway since 2003. The 2007 agreement promised greater transparency, easier NGO accreditation, a recognition that the impact of intellectual property rights on consumers and innovation are complex, and that policymakers should balance competing interests and objectives, including human rights, the public interest in greater public access to goods and knowledge, the control of anti-competitive practice, and the need to protect the public domain.
The ACTA focused on the enforcement of intellectual property rights, a topic that had been difficult to pursue within the multilateral institutions of WIPO and World Trade Organization (WTO). Many developing countries were struggling to come to into compliance with the new WTO norms for intellectual property and had a paucity of statutory limitations and exceptions to copyright or patent rights. For them, the first priority was to amend domestic laws to provide for reasonable flexibilities, before undertaking greater enforcement efforts.
ACTA was conceived both as a set of binding norms for enforcement, and also as a new institution that would provide the opportunity to create newer binding commitments, establish “best practice” norms, and provide ongoing technical assistance to developing countries, outside of the WIPO framework.
Negotiations were a secret to the general public, while corporations were well informed.
From the beginning, the United States and the European Union sought to negotiate ACTA in secret. The negotiating texts were secret, and so too were the names of the government officials attending negotiating meetings. Even the venues were secret. Only after extensive pressure for more transparency did the ACTA negotiators agree to release even vague meeting agendas.
We are not sure when the negotiators began to mark up the negotiating text, but by early 2008, the US, Japan, Canada and the EU had tabled a series of proposals for the text of various chapters of ACTA. (See: Seven Secret ACTA documents from 2008). Seven of these documents were subject to a FOIA request, which was rejected by the Obama Administration in March 2009, on the grounds that the proposals for the ACTA were national security secrets. (See: /blogs/2009/03/14/some-news-stories-on-acta-foia). It took a vote of the European Parliament to force the release of a version of the negotiating text in April 2010, and even that was scrubbed to “not identify participants' positions in respect of square bracketed options.” The next version of the text that was released was a November 15, 2010 text, after the negotiations were considered closed.
Access to negotiators was quite limited. At first, the meetings were completely inaccessible. When venues were leaked, negotiators began a practice of inviting NGOs from civil society groups to attend brief meet and greets, but on such sort notice that it was impossible for most people to book inexpensive airline tickets to justify travel budgets, for the chance to meet with delegates. Typically, the public was told 24 to 48 hours in advance that they would have the opportunity to meet with negotiators. In the 9th round of negotiations in Lucerne, NGOs received last minute invites meeting with negotiators, on the same day a major public civil society meeting on ACTA was scheduled to be held in Geneva.
What transparency there was from ACTA was the result of a series of leaks of the ACTA text, including several that occurred in 2010, after the EU Parliament began to receive copies. The leaks were useful, but also quite risky for the persons leaking the text, and their authenticity was questioned by journalists and members of Congress, when we raised objections to specific provisions. USTR and DG-Trade themselves often implied that whatever text we had been not the latest version of the negotiation.
The secrecy surrounding the negotiations was not total, as governments provided copies of the negotiating text to various industry lobby groups. The very first leaked ACTA text was obtained from a lawfirm representing several big corporate right holders. The USTR provided access to the ACTA text to hundreds of persons representing big corporations as “cleared advisers” on trade advisory bodies, and through an ad hoc system of non-disclosure agreements (NDAs).
See, for example:
/node/590
/node/706
/acta-petition
/blogs/2009/03/13/who-are-cleared-advisors
/blogs/2009/03/14/some-news-stories-on-acta-foia
/node/1121
/node/698
/node/801
/blogs/2009/03/20/ustr2review-transparency
/blogs/2009/03/14/euro-parliament-acta
/content/view/246/1
/node/715
/blogs/2009/03/26/views-of-civil-society-on-ustr-review-of-trade-related-transparency-policies
/blogs/2009/03/16/what-should-be-transparent
/node/1362
Developing Countries were excluded from negotiations, even though they are the target of the new norms.
Trade negotiators from the European Commission and USTR make it clear that the ACTA norms were designed to eventually be imposed on developing countries. Despite being the putative target of the new norms, only two developing countries — Morocco and Mexico — participated in the negotiations.
On December 4, 1986, the UN adopted a Declaration on the Right to Development (A/RES/41/128). Several Articles in the Declaration emphasized the importance of sovereignty and participation in governance, including, for example:
Article 1.2. The human right to development also implies the full realization of the right of peoples to self-determination, which includes, subject to the relevant provisions of both International Covenants on Human Rights, the exercise of their inalienable right to full sovereignty over all their natural wealth and resources.
Article 3.3 States have the duty to co-operate with each other in ensuring development and eliminating obstacles to development. States should realize their rights and fulfil their duties in such a manner as to promote a new international economic order based on sovereign equality, interdependence, mutual interest and co-operation among all States, as well as to encourage the observance and realization of human rights.
Article 5. States shall take resolute steps to eliminate the massive and flagrant violations of the human rights of peoples and human beings affected by situations such as those resulting from apartheid, all forms of racism and racial discrimination, colonialism, foreign domination and occupation, aggression, foreign interference and threats against national sovereignty, national unity and territorial integrity, threats of war and refusal to recognize the fundamental right of peoples to self-determination.
Article 8.2. States should encourage popular participation in all spheres as an important factor in development and in the full realization of all human rights.
Judging by countless statements by DG-Trade and USTR officials to their own lawmakers and citizens, ACTA is, by design, a form of foreign domination and a threat against national sovereignty and self-determination, in violation of this UN Declaration on the right to development.
The ACTA norms are restrictive, unfair, and undermine or eliminate flexabilities in intellectual property laws that are needed to protect the public interest.
ACTA is an agreement to change current international rules for the enforcement of intellectual property rights. The changes give holders of intellectual property rights more ways to enforce those rights, increases the damages for those who infringe intellectual property rights, and creates a new institution to both implement the new norms and to change the new norms.
ACTA refers to right holders 42 times, typically to convene more rights on the right holder, at the expense of consumers or users of intellectual property. For example, in the damages section of ACTA, judicial authorities are required to consider “any legitimate measure of value the right holder submits,” and not required to consider measures of value put forth by the alleged infringing party. Despite the fact that the term is almost never found in any national statutes, ACTA requires judicial authorities to consider “the suggested retail price” of a good as the value of the injury of the infringement, even though most cases of infringement involve goods that are routinely sold in real market transactions below the suggested retail price, and many infringements involve low valued uses of goods.
ACTA requires that “its judicial authorities or the right holder has the right to choose” the remedy or presumptions of remedies that are most favorable to the right holder. Right holders are given asymmetric rights as regards discovery against real or merely alleged infringers. Provisional measures are granted the when alleged infringements are “likely to cause irreparable harm to the right holder,” without requiring consideration of the harm to the alleged infringer. Government can provide for “limitations on the liability of, or on the remedies available against, online service providers,” but only “while preserving the legitimate interests of right holder.”
ACTA systematically changes the balance between right holders and users now found in the TRIPS agreement, in an agreement that was negotiated with asymmetric secrecy between right holders and consumers. The US negotiating team for ACTA was headed by a former lobbyist for Lilly and Time-Warner, and the chief negotiator for the US copyright office left the government and joined the US Chamber of Commerce, during the last year of the ACTA negotiation, to work on the enforcement of intellectual property rights, on behalf of right holders.
By creating higher norms for damages from infringement, the ACTA makes it more risky for businesses and consumers to undertake activities are may or may not actually constitute infringement. Everyone must become more risk adverse, even when the activity they are engaged in may ultimately be legal.
ACTA provides for inadequate flexibility to create exceptions to general rules. The United States blocked efforts by some countries to create wider flexibility to create statutory exceptions in remedies to infringement, even though US law already has several such exceptions for patents, trademarks, copyright, and other types of intellectual property rights.
ACTA makes it more difficult to implement liability rules, in cases where the public should have more freedom to use protected goods
One special catagory of goods that will be particularly impacted by ACTA are orphaned copyrighted works. ACTA makes it much more difficult to fashion limitations on remedies for infingement, that permit solutions to the orphan works issue to be resolved outside of the TRIPS 3-step test. (See: Access to Orphan Works, and ACTA provisions on damages, KEI Policy Brief 2010:1, 20 October 2010).
The Orphan Works issue is part of a larger area of policy concerning limitations on remedies for infringement. The new ACTA norms on damages and other ACTA provisions on remedies shrink the policy space lawmakers now have to shape more modern intellectual property laws that give the public more freedom to use goods now protected by intellectual property rights. In the area of copyright, this puts a greater emphasis on the TRIPS 3-Step test, which has been interpreted in a highly restrictive manner by right holders and their political allies, and creates barriers to the use of the limitations on remedies that exist in Part III of the TRIPS on the remedies to infringement.
The secret process that created ACTA sought to establish a new captured institution that will advance right holder interests through both hard and soft norms.
ACTA creates a new ACTA Committee, which has broad powers to amend the agreement, and to provide technical assistance on its implementation, and to promote “best practices . . . on reducing intellectual property rights infringements including techniques for identifying and monitoring piracy and counterfeiting.”
Despite the massive criticism of the ACTA negotiating process, there is no requirement that the ACTA Committee operate in a transparent, open and inclusive process, and no political commitment from any of the ACTA members to do so.
ACTA is widely seen as the first step in a longer and more ambitious right holder driven process to increase the surveillance of uses of goods, and to continually advance right holder interests at the expense of consumers and users of intellectual property goods. Multilateral institutions like the World Intellectual Property Organization (WIPO) are relatively more open and more accountable than is the ACTA Committee. ACTA was created to give right holders more control over how technical assistance and software norm making is done, and to provide a more friendly environment to adopt hard norms, via the internal ACTA amendment process.
The United States does not consider itself bound by ACTA, but will seek to impose ACTA on developing countries.
USTR has repeated assured Congress that it is not bound by ACTA, and that no changes in US law will be made to comply with ACTA, even in those areas where ACTA conflicts with US law, such as our many limitations on damages from infringement for copyright and trademarks. The US government does intend for ACTA to be binding on developing countries, as part of a “do as we say not as we do” foreign policy.
See, for example: Two areas where ACTA is inconsistent with US law, injunctions and damages, James Love and Krista Cox, KEI Policy Brief, 2011:2 30 September 2011, revised 3 October 2011.
Four lost Kirby minigames from the Super Famicom's Satellaview have made their way into the hands of preservationists after a surprise auction and some help from fans.
Kirby no Omocha Hako (「カービィのおもちゃ箱 or “Kirby's Toy Box”) was a Satellaview title consisting of 10 mini-games. The Japanese only peripheral allowed players to download games via a satellite connection. Plenty of games were made for the Satellaview but many have been lost to time. For those that are found, it can take a long time to get them back to their original state.
Matthew Callis and a network of preservationist encountered four of the missing Kirby mini-games in the hands of one buyer in Japan's Ishikawa Prefecture. The following games were for sale:
“Circular Ball” / “ぐるぐるボール”
“cannonball” / “キャノンボール”
“Pachinko” / “パチンコ”
“Arrange Ball” / “アレンジボール”
Strapped for cash but faced with an opportunity to save a bit of gaming history, fellow preservationist Frank Cifaldi sent out a signal boost on social media to see if eager fans cold make sure they won the raffle. They rallied to help and the preservationist managed to win all four auctions. The total cost? 85,500¥ or $813.08 USD.
Advertisement
Preservationists often find rare gems at auction. From prototype builds to incredibly rare titles, various games find their way into the hands of people looking to find the best price they can. Sattelaview games are particularly difficult to acquire. The games were written temporarily into system memory and were replaced when a new game was downloaded.
“It's basically impossible to preserve all of these games,” Cifaldi told me. “The only way they exist on their temporary cartridges is if they happen to be the last game someone played.”
Advertisement
Finding one of these would be difficult. Finding four presented a huge opportunity. Many of these carts are put up for blind auction. It's rare to know what you're getting in advance. Only three Kirbys Toy Box mini-games were preserved before now. Once these fresh finds are in the preservationists' hands, they plan to ensure the games are playable in emulators.
“We do stuff like this all the time,” Cifaldi noted. “But preserving a slight ROM variation for the European version of a common game isn't as sexy as a Kirby game that was genuinely considered lost.”
According to The Hollywood Reporter, Warner Bros. is moving ahead with a Suicide Squad spin-off movie featuring Margot Robbie's Harley Quinn.
Aside from starring in it, Robbie is said to be producing the untitled movie as well. "But in an interesting twist, the project is not a Quinn solo movie," THR adds. "Rather, it would focus on several of DC's female heroes and villains."
Who might that include? Reportedly, "names such as Batgirl and Birds of Prey have surfaced, although in what capacity, it's not clear." There is already a screenwriter working on the project, but the identity of said writer is not known at this time; however, "it is known that the writer is female."
And how did this all come about? "Sources say that Robbie was the impetus for the project, adding that when she got the part for the movie, she dove deep into the comics to learn as much as possible on the character," THR reports. "In the process, she fell for DC's female characters. She brought on the writer to help develop the project and brought it Warners, which snapped it up." 23 years ago, Harley Quinn made her debut in the Emmy Award-winning Batman: The Animated Series. The creative team behind the show, Paul Dini and Bruce Timm, created Joker's bubbly and outrageous female sidekick. Funny enough, they had only planned to use her one time, but she instantly became a hit and the rest is history!
It feels good to be bad…Assemble a team of the world's most dangerous, incarcerated Super Villains, provide them with the most powerful arsenal at the government's disposal, and send them off on a mission to defeat an enigmatic, insuperable entity. U.S. intelligence officer Amanda Waller has determined only a secretly convened group of disparate, despicable individuals with next to nothing to lose will do. However, once they realize they weren't picked to succeed but chosen for their patent culpability when they inevitably fail, will the Suicide Squad resolve to die trying, or decide it's every man for himself? Suicide Squad hits theaters August 5, 2016. -----
An Asian Australian woman has been racially abused on a Sydney train after asking a passenger to stop littering.
"You've got the rubbish on your f---ing head and your f---ing bags," a middle-aged blonde woman was filmed yelling at the frightened passenger on an evening service between Chatswood and Epping on May 11.
The younger passenger had allegedly approached the older woman and asked her to stop dumping rubbish on the train, ABC reports.
"No Americans, not anybody else, only Asia. Where's the f---ing money come from?" the woman continues.
Sydney Trains chief executive Howard Collins condemned the racial abuse.
"The sooner we understand what's going on the quicker we can get our police involved and deal with such people," he said.
The incident mirrors a similar attack on an Asian couple in a Sydney park in 2015. During that encounter a middle-aged woman with blonde hair can be seen berating the pair and allegedly demanding they give up their seat for another woman because she is white.
She was later charged and prosecuted.
Another video taken in 2015 on a bus also shows a middle-aged blonde woman sitting beside an Australian Asian woman and hurling insults at her.
"(You're a) f---ing ugly f---ing ch---," she says in the video.
"We all know what you are. Take your f---ing luggage and p--- off. F---ing ch---."
It is unknown if it is the same woman in all three tapes.
© Nine Digital Pty Ltd 2019
Psychedelic fungi known as 'magic mushrooms' could help smokers who are struggling to give up kick the habit.
A new report by Bloomberg cites, a new study in the Journal of Psychopharmacology which "found that smokers who had long had trouble quitting their habit managed to remain smoke-free for six months using a highly unorthodox method: Consuming the active ingredient in magic mushrooms".
The volunteers consumed pills containing psilocybin – the compound in magic mushrooms which can induce euphoria, hallucinations, perception changes, a distorted sense of time, spiritual experiences, as well as nausea and panic attacks – as part of a cognitive behaviour therapy program at Johns Hopkins University, Baltimore, US.
Six months later 12 of the 15 participants remained non-smokers, according to the study results.
This new method appears to have a far higher success rate than existing medicines, such as Pfizer's Chantix, which has a success rate of about 35 per cent. Other methods include, nicotine patches and gums, all of which are less successful according to Matthew Johnson, an associate professor of psychiatry and behavioural sciences at Johns Hopkins.
"The rates of quitting were so high: twice as high as what you typically see with the gold standard medication," he said in a telephone interview. "It is a very small study, but it's an indication that something very strong is going on here. It answers the question of whether this is worth pursuing."
Concerns Ireland will require an International Monetary Fund-EU bail-out helped push yields on 10-year Irish Government bonds up to around 9pc, a record, as investors demanded higher returns to shoulder the risk.
Markets worry whether Ireland will be able to pay its debts, given its costly bank bail-out, weak growth and a huge budget deficit of 14.4pc of GDP, the eurozone's highest.
British taxpayers took a hit as shares in Royal Bank of Scotland fell 2.7pc to 41.02p on fears over the state-backed bank's exposure to the Irish market through an estimated £50bn of loans. One source said some traders were using the bank as a proxy to short Ireland.
Brian Lenihan, Ireland's finance minister said the spike in borrowing costs was partly driven by "unintended" German comments proposing bondholders be forced to take losses or "haircuts" if sovereign debt is restructured.
The market nerves pushed the spread between Irish 10-year bond yields and German yields to well over 6 percentage points, a new record. The cost of insuring Irish debt against default also hit a fresh high.
"The bond spreads are very serious and there is international concern throughout the eurozone about that," said Mr Lenihan, adding he would look for clarification of the German plans. He also tried to reassure that comments from Ireland's central bank governor – that IMF austerity plans for Ireland would not differ greatly from Dublin's – were not laying the ground for aid.
Germany has indicated the proposals would not apply to existing debt, but fears over potential losses are high after France said on Wednesday that investors must share in the cost of safeguarding debt.
German Chancellor Angela Merkel argued on Thursday that taxpayers could not keep being told they "have to be on the hook for certain risks, rather than those who make a lot of money taking those risks."
Although the Irish government is fully funded into the middle of next year, analysts warned politicians' talk of haircuts risked creating a self-fulfilling prophecy that Ireland and other debt-laden nations will have to restructure.
Irish yields are now well above the levels Greece faced just before it saved from defaulting through a €110bn (£93bn) loan in the spring, according to Capital Economics.
"The most likely outcome now is that Ireland will need to receive assistance from the EU/IMF," said Gary Jenkins at Evolution, who estimated a funding requirement of around €43bn over two years.
Attempts from the European Commission to reassure for a second day running that Ireland has not requested any assistance from Europe did little to placate investors, after Commission president Jose Manuel Barroso said it was ready to "act if necessary".
There were warnings solvency fears were spreading as Portugal and Spain also saw the cost of insuring their debt against default soar, which kept the euro under continued pressure, hitting a five-week low under $1.37.
Heavy Turnout, Confusion Over Voter ID Causes Some Issues
Enlarge this image toggle caption Alan Diaz/AP Alan Diaz/AP
Ever since the surreal presidential election of 2000, voter access on Election Day has come under increased scrutiny. Tuesday was no different, with heavy turnout and confusion over new laws causing some issues.
But even in battleground states, there were few reports of major problems by late evening.
Close attention was being paid to reported difficulties voters faced at polling places because of the anticipated closeness of the presidential race between President Obama and Republican Mitt Romney, and concerns about problems created by the impact of Superstorm Sandy.
In battleground states like Florida and Ohio, and other important states like Pennsylvania, there were the usual Election Day reports of malfunctioning voting machines. But other problems were related to more recent controversies over early voting and voter ID requirements.
Election Protection Coalition, an alliance of legal groups working to protect voters' rights, said that by 5 p.m. EST on Tuesday, it had received 71,809 calls from voters reporting difficulties. That compared with 100,00 for all of Election Day four years ago.
Barbara Arnwine, executive director of the Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law, called the voting situation in New Jersey a "catastrophe" in a teleconference early in the day.
The state's plan to allow voters displaced by the storm to email their ballots foundered early in the day when computer servers in Hudson and Essex counties failed.
In both New Jersey and Pennsylvania, voters were being asked for identification by some officials in polling places. That was despite New Jersey not having a voter ID law and Pennsylvania's controversial law requiring photo ID having been struck down by a federal court weeks ago.
Still, some Pennsylvania officials, at least early in the day, were asking for identification.
"A huge concern is the confusion in Pennsylvania over photo ID. This is the fault of the Pennsylvania state government," said Arnwine. "We lay it at their foot that voters are having so many problems in that state. The government simply hasn't done its job of informing voters that ID is required only for first-time voters or first-time voters in the county if they registered by mail. ... Still signs are posted outside polling places saying ID is required."
The problems in all-important Ohio seemed to center on malfunctioning voting machines, which weren't scanning ballots correctly. The Election Protection Coalition said the malfunctions appeared to mainly be in Cleveland, Dayton and Toledo, cities with heavy concentrations of Democrats.
As a result, Arnwine said, election officials were placing some ballots that couldn't be scanned and couldn't fit in "emergency ballot boxes" into boxes meant for provisional ballots. That raised concerns for election lawyers that those ballots might be confused with provisional ballots, which by Ohio law can't be counted until Nov. 17 at the earliest.
In Florida, there were reports of election officials erroneously sending some voters to the wrong precinct, which could wind up with voters being forced to cast provisional ballots, Arnwine said.
In numerous jurisdictions around the nation, especially battleground states, voter turnout caused long lines at polling places, which still existed at the time the polls closed. That caused officials in numerous places to let voters who were in line at poll closing to cast ballots.
Bob Edgar, president of Common Cause, which was part of the voter-rights alliance, said the patience of voters — many of whom waited in line for hours before they could cast their ballots — was a positive amid all the reported problems.
"We're also hearing stories of hope and fortitude. Voters are staying in line until they can cast their ballot," said Edgar. "Young people are voting for the first time. ... Voters are standing up and voting. They're turning out. They're having their say."
Edgar also commended officials in New Jersey and New York for their efforts to make it possible for displaced citizens to vote. For instance, he said, New Jersey allowed those affected by the storm to cast provisional ballots anywhere in the state. Meanwhile, Pennsylvania issued a directive allowing first responders from the state who traveled to help rescue and recovery efforts in the region to cast absentee ballots.
People carrying a mourning man at a hospital after a suicide attack in Kabul, Afghanistan. Mohammad Ismail / Reuters
41 have been confirmed dead, with 80 more wounded, after a suicide bombing in Kabul, Afghanistan.
The attack, which hit the Afghan capital on Thursday, targeted a Shia cultural organisation, but the Afghan Voice news agency was also hit, according to the BBC, which reported that the Islamic State terrorist group said it was behind the attack.
Students who had gathered at the Tibian Social and Cultural Centre for a discussion forum to mark the 38th anniversary of the Soviet invasion of Afghanistan were reportedly among those killed and wounded when the blast went off inside.
The blast also hit the offices of the Afghan Voice news agency, which are at the same location.
The Independent reported that an unknown number of attackers set off an explosion outside the centre before storming it and then set off explosive devices in the basement of the building where the forum was taking place.
The first explosion was followed by at least two more blasts, according to the Interior Ministry, which told the BBC that the following blasts did not cause any fatalities.
A student named Mohammad Hasan Rezayee told Tolo News: "We were inside the hall in the second row when an explosion from behind took place. After the blast there was fire and smoke inside the building and everyone was pleading for help."
Sayed Abbas Hussaini, a journalist with Afghan Voice, told Reuters that one reporter at the agency had been killed while two had been wounded.
The Islamic State said on its propaganda outlet Amaq that it had targeted the Shia centre with a suicide bomber and other bombs, according to the BBC, while the Taliban issued a statement saying they were not involved.
Local hospitals are treating dozens of wounded people after the attack, which President Ashraf Ghani's spokesman in a statement called an "unpardonable" crime against humanity.
The Islamic State, also known as ISIS, ISIL, or Daesh, has been behind numerous attacks on Shia targets across Afghanistan in recent months, according to the BBC.
Biraj Patnaik, the South Asia director of Amnesty International, said: "This gruesome attack underscores the dangers faced by Afghan civilians.
"In one of the deadliest years on record, journalists and other civilians continue to be ruthlessly targeted by armed groups."
To avert a government shutdown at the end of the week, lawmakers are hoping that a stopgap measure will provide congressional leadership more time to negotiate a larger funding bill.
The deadline for Congress to pass a spending bill is midnight Friday — coincidentally, President Donald Trump's 100th day in office.
But a short-term continuing resolution, or CR, introduced late Wednesday by House Appropriations Committee Chairman Rodney Frelinghuysen, R-N.J., would extend funding to May 5, until Congress can pass a bill that would fund the government through September.
"This continuing resolution will continue to keep the government open and operating as normal for the next several days in order to finalize legislation to fund the federal government for the rest of the fiscal year," Frelinghuysen said in a statement released last night.
He added, "I am optimistic that a final funding package will be completed soon."
GOP makes government funding offer excluding money for wall
Government funding, health care top agenda as Congress returns before Trump's 100th day
House Speaker Paul Ryan said today he was "confident" the short-term CR would pass, and Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell tweeted, "We expect to pass a short-term funding bill" before Friday's deadline.
We expect to pass a short-term funding bill before Fri's deadline so a final draft can be shared w members prior to consideration next week — Leader McConnell (@SenateMajLdr) April 27, 2017
"The reason this government funding bill is not ready is because Democrats have been dragging their feet," Ryan said today. "So the reason we need an extension in the first place is because Democrats are dragging their feet ... People need to be able to read the bill, so it inevitably, under any scenario or circumstance, requires a short-term extension."
While Republicans believe the CR will pass the House and the Senate, House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi of California said that Democrats will support the measure but that it "depends on what form it takes."
She said the Democrats' position is that if they're ready to cut a deal on the larger spending bill, they'll support the CR being pushed by Republicans and "allow another week."
"But if it's just more time kicking the can down the road to have the same back-and-forths and unknowns injected into the debate, we're not there," Pelosi said.
She acknowledged that some Democrats don't want any stopgap bill passed, saying, "They think that ... there's been plenty of time and they're not going vote for the CR. But depending on where we are on this bill, I think some will. I will."
"We are never going to shut the government down," Pelosi said. "We are hoping that we will be able to resolve these differences."
The negotiations on an all-encompassing funding bill have focused on funding for Trump's proposed border wall and Affordable Care Act subsidies.
Ryan said the bill would not include key Obamacare payments to insurers, which Democrats were hoping to protect. However, Republicans have offered Democrats a deal that doesn't include funding for the wall.
Ryan told reporters Wednesday on Capitol Hill, "We're getting really close" to a final spending bill. "Now it's just kind of getting down to the final details."
ABC News' Benjamin Siegel contributed to this report.
Lebanese Hezbollah has backed calls by the Palestinian armed group Hamas to launch a new uprising against Israel in response to the US recognizing Jerusalem as the capital of the Jewish state, Hassan Nasrallah, the Hezbollah leader, said in a televised address.
LIVE UPDATES: Dozens injured in West Bank clashes following Jerusalem declaration
“The most important response would be a Palestinian uprising and an Islamic summit that would declare Jerusalem as the eternal capital of Palestine,” Nasrallah said, as quoted by Lebanon's Naharnet TV.
"We support the call for a new Palestinian intifada [uprising] and escalating the resistance which is the biggest, most important and gravest response to the American decision," he added.
Violence broke out in Bethlehem following Donald Trump's announcement that the US now recognizes Jerusalem as Israel's capital #verifiedpic.twitter.com/7AH5EBNB8F — RTDigital (@RT_Digital) December 7, 2017
Nasrallah also called for unity and support for the resistance among Muslims in the face of Wednesday's announcement by President Donald Trump.
Earlier Thursday, Hamas leader Ismail Haniyeh said “we should call for, and we should work on launching an intifada in the face of the Zionist enemy" in response to the US move.
Trump's unilateral decision on recognizing the contested city of Jerusalem as Israel's capital was taken despite the Palestinians viewing the eastern part of the city as the future capital of their sovereign state.
Nasrallah pointed out that Washington disregarded the Palestinians “although it is the guarantor of the agreements” between Israel and the Palestinians. Trump, by his announcement, told Israel that Jerusalem “is for you, and it is under your sovereignty,” Hezbollah's leader said.
‘#Jerusalem is like a wife, you can't share it' – Israeli debates Arab on RT https://t.co/9F1m2QPb81pic.twitter.com/D41c8gG4f7 — RT (@RT_com) December 7, 2017
He warned that Muslim people and their sacred sites in the city, including the al-Aqsa Mosque, are now in “extreme danger.”
“Do not be surprised if one day we wake up to find al-Aqsa Mosque demolished,” Nasrallah declared calling for a Monday rally in the Lebanese capital, Beirut. “What will be the fate of the Palestinian residents in Jerusalem? What will be the fate of the Palestinian properties in Jerusalem? Will they be appropriated or demolished?”
Israel regards Iran-backed Hezbollah as a terrorist organization, blaming the group for firing rockets into Israeli territory as well as other provocations. Tel-Aviv has waged two wars against Hezbollah, with the latest conflict in 2006 leaving over a thousand civilians dead in Lebanon during a month of fighting. Hezbollah convoys inside Syria have also been a frequent target of airstrikes by Israeli warplanes in recent years.
“The support of Hezbollah is a quite an important and a meaningful factor” for the Palestinians, Vyacheslav Matuzov, Society for Friendship and Business Cooperation with Arab Countries, told RT. However, he said it would require the Palestinian Authority to encourage an intifada and for the people to “go out into the streets.” Matuzov said he's unsure if Mahmoud Abbas is eager to support calls of an uprising as voiced by Hamas and Hezbollah. “For now, it's a diplomatic rivalry,” the former emissary said, referring to the Palestinian president's consultations with foreign leaders on the issue of US recognition of Jerusalem as the capital of Israel.
Russian police and security agents have detained 140 people following prayers at a mosque in Moscow.
A statement from the Federal Security Agency reported by Russian news agencies said that those detained at the Dorul Arqom Islamic cultural center on April 26 included 30 citizens of unspecified foreign countries.
RFE/RL's Tajik Service reports that most of those arrested were ethnic Tajiks who were taken to various police stations.
At one station, 25 people were held, with eight later released.
Those who remained in detention at the station told our correspondent that they were being held without charges.
The detentions come a week after the two suspects in the fatal Boston Marathon bombings were identified as originating from Russia's North Caucasus republic of Chechnya and sympathizing with Islamic extremists.
With reporting by AP
RFE/RL's Tajik Service RFE/RL's Tajik Service attracts a young, influential audience with its timely, locally focused reporting. The government's continued vigor in controlling politics and media has lent further impetus to Radio Ozodi's trusted coverage. webteam@rferl.org Subscribe via RSS
An artist's illustration of the Arkyd telescope being developed by asteroid mining firm Planetary Resources, which hopes to launch one Arkyd as a crowdfunded instrument meant to serve the public.
The world's first selfie-snapping, asteroid-hunting, public space telescope is $1 million closer to its launch into Earth orbit, having surpassed its initial crowdfunding goal.
Planetary Resources' online fundraising campaign soared past the seven-figure mark Wednesday evening (June 19), green-lighting the asteroid-mining company's plans to deploy a publicly accessible space telescope in 2015.
More than 11,000 people pledged at least $10 to the project, which promises to not only capture images of its supporters' selected astronomical targets with the Arkyd space telescope, but also photograph their submitted self-portraits ("Space Selfies") on a digital screen mounted on the outside of the small satellite. [Gallery: Planetary Resources' Asteroid-Mining Plans]
"Thank you everyone who pushed it over the $1 million mark!" Peter Diamandis, Planetary Resources' co-founder, wrote on Kickstarter, the website that is hosting the crowdfunding campaign.
It took 20 days to raise the $1 million. Pledges can still be made for another 10 days, until 10 p.m. EDT on June 30 (0200 GMT July 1).
Planetary Resources intends to mine near-Earth asteroids for resources such as water and precious metals, with the ultimate goal of helping expand humanity's footprint out into the solar system. The company has designed its Arkyd-100 space telescope to search for potential target space rocks.
"Our primary goal has been to build technology enabling us to prospect and mine asteroids," the company wrote on its website promoting the funding campaign. "We've spent the last year making great leaps in the development of these technologies. These advancements have presented us with the opportunity to engage in another passion of our team: to make space exploration accessible to everyone."
Path to $1 million
Planetary Resources launched the crowdfunding drive on May 29 during an event held at The Museum in Flight in Seattle.
For just $25, the company offered to upload a photo of the backer's choice to the Arkyd, display it on a small digital screen mounted on the exterior of the satellite and then capture it in a photo with the Earth's horizon looming in the background. The "Space Selfie" promises to be the first orbital "photo booth," delivering digital images (or prints at higher pledge levels) to the supporters.
For pledges beginning at $99, supporters' funds contribute to students' and scientists' research using the Arkyd. For $200, backers can opt to point the telescope at an astronomical target of their choosing. A $5,000 pledge buys the chance to identify a school, university or museum to receive observation time.
At the top level of support, $10,000 or more, backers are offered tours of Planetary Resources' facilities, invitations to the Arkyd launch, the opportunity to etch their name on the space telescope and the chance to name one of the asteroids that the Arkyd is expected to discover.
Planetary Resources also lists "add-ons" to the pledges, including T-shirts and greeting cards printed with supporters' astronomical or "Space Selfie" images, an Arkyd embroidered mission patch and a half-scale model of the space telescope.
Bolstered by media reports, endorsements by "Star Trek" actors and by museum directors, as well as the support of about 70 social-media evangelists who the company calls "Vanguards," Planetary Resources' Kickstarter campaign raised more than $200,000 on its first day.
By the second day, the pledges surpassed half a million dollars. It took only four more days to reach $750,000.
On Wednesday, the final push to $1 million was helped by a post on The Oatmeal, a popular comic website.
"I donated the maximum amount, $10,000, which means I get to... name a freakin' asteroid," wrote Michael Inman, The Oatmeal's founder, in a note to his readers. "They've got 11 days left to meet their goal, and if this project is successfully funded, I'm going to let you guys vote on the name."
Onward, upward and outward
With $1 million behind them (the project was 101 percent funded within several hours of the goal being reached), Planetary Resources is now looking to its "stretch goals," including adding an additional ground station at $1.3 million, a digital "Beta Selfie" taken of each supporter's self-photo during the space telescope's build up at $1.5 million, and a $1.7 million "mystery goal" that the company says it will reveal when the campaign reaches 15,000 backers.
Ultimately, Planetary Resources wants to double its goal. At $2 million, the company will add the ability for its Arkyd space telescope to help in the search for alien planets.
"We're not done yet," Chris Lewicki, Planetary Resources' president, said in a video released late Wednesday night. "We have got stretch goals out there, the $2 million alien-hunter goal, where we turn the Arkyd into a planet finder."
Lewicki and his team gathered in the Planetary Resources' Seattle office to watch the total pass the $1 million mark, celebrating the milestone with champagne.
"It was really a great time," Lewicki said, showing a photo of champagne being poured over his head to explain his "disheveled" appearance. "Thanks to everyone out there again and help us take this momentum through the last 10 days of the campaign."
For more information, see planetaryresources.com or the company's Kickstarter campaign.
Follow collectSPACE.com on Facebook and on Twitter at @collectSPACE. Copyright 2013 collectSPACE.com. All rights reserved. Story on SPACE.com.
First ever synthesis of stanene will give scientists the opportunity to see if its electronic properties are as odd as predicted
The onward march of new two-dimensional materials continues: researchers from China and the US have reported the first successful fabrication of an atom thick layer of tin – stanene . The finding is significant because two-dimensional tin has been predicted to exhibit a range of unusual electronic phenomena, such as topological insulation, where electrons can travel freely along the edges of the material without encountering obstacles such as other electrons or atoms, resulting in no dissipation of energy through heat.
Until now, the production of stanene has proved elusive. ‘Bulk tin with a diamond structure is not a layered material,' explains one of the team's leaders, Jin-feng Jia, of Shanghai Jiao Tong University in China. ‘Free-standing stanene may not be stable; in order to get stanene firstly one must have a suitable substrate, secondly one has to determine that the film has the necessary honeycomb-like bilayer atomic structure, and thirdly one has to determine that the film has the right electronic band structure. All the experiments have to be done in situ in an ultrahigh vacuum system.'
A key to the success of the new work was to identify a suitable substrate upon which to condense highly purified tin atoms by molecular beam epitaxy under tightly controlled conditions. The researchers found that bismuth telluride (Bi 2 Te 3 ) fitted the bill as a substrate. ‘Stanene has a hexagonal lattice, so the surface of the substrate must also have a hexagonal lattice,' says Jia. ‘The lattice mismatch between the substrate and the stanene should be small and it should be energetically favourable to stanene to grow in a quasi-two-dimensional growth mode on the substrate.'
The researchers grew a layer of tin atoms on the substrate and confirmed its predicted structure – resembling buckled honeycomb – through scanning tunnelling microscope imaging. Key electronic characteristics were measured using angle-resolved photoemission spectroscopy. ‘With the help of first principle calculations our experimentally determined atomic and electronic structures agree with the theoretical predictions,' Jia says.
Having created what they are convinced is stanene, the team says that the next task will be to carry out electronic transport measurements to explore the potentially unusual quantum properties that have been predicted for the material.
Commenting on the study, Neil Wilson, who works on two-dimensional materials at the University of Warwick in the UK, says: ‘This is a crucial first step in exploring the properties of this new material, but there are still significant challenges. Here the growth substrate interacts strongly with the stanene, fundamentally changing its properties. It will be necessary to isolate the stanene from the growth substrate in order to test its intrinsic properties against the theoretical predictions. Applications will then require integration of the stanene with other materials, without losing its intrinsic properties.'
Correction: On 10 August the story was updated to include the correct formula for bismuth telluride
AC Milan are ready to challenge Serie A champions Juventus in the race to sign Sampdoria midfielder Andrea Poli.
The Italian, who spent last season on loan with Inter, could join their cross-town rivals next season.
The news comes from Sky Sport Italia who claim Milan have stepped up their efforts to capture Poli.
The former Under-21 international is expected to be sold this summer as his contract expires in 2014.
The Marassi outfit aren't running the risk of losing the midfielder for nothing and a €6 million offer is thought to be sufficient.
Poli has expressed a liking for the Rossoneri in the past when he gave an interview with Tuttosport back in March.
He has made 30 Serie A appearances this season scoring three goals.
Follow Louis Gibberd-Thomas on Twitter: @mercutio156
This Is When Next-Gen GTA 5 May Come Out
This Is When Next-Gen GTA 5 May Come Out
Share. Michael, Trevor, and Franklin may return in November. Michael, Trevor, and Franklin may return in November.
A European retailer listing for the next-gen and PC versions of Grand Theft Auto V points to a possible November 14 release date.
PC Gamer reports that Coolshop posted the November 14 release date for Grand Theft Auto V before changing it to a more vague December 31 listing earlier today. Big games usually come out on Fridays in Europe, which gives the November 14 date a little bit more plausibility.
Exit Theatre Mode
Grand Theft Auto V was announced for PC, PlayStation 4, and Xbox One during E3 last month. And the updated version of Rockstar's open-world game will reportedly "take full advantage of the power of PC."
The enhanced version of Grand Theft Auto V has officially only been given a fall release window. For more on the open-world game — which has sold 33 million copies — be sure to check out IGN's review of the Rockstar title as well as our wiki guide.
Evan Campbell is a freelance news writer who streams games on his Twitch channel, talks about Nintendo weekly on the NF Show, and chats about movies and TV series on Twitter.
Afghanistan and Ireland have been approved as Full Members by the ICC, meaning they have become cricket's 11th and 12th Test-playing nations. This was signed off on by the ICC Board in London on Thursday, during the ICC's AGM.
Afghanistan and Ireland's boards had applied to the ICC to have their status upgraded from Associates, and this was put to vote at the meeting on Thursday and unanimously supported.
Ireland first gained ODI status in 2005 after finishing runners-up in the ICC Trophy tournament, which they hosted, to gain their first World Cup berth. Two years later they scored a shock upset of Pakistan on St Patrick's Day in Jamaica and they've never looked back, qualifying for two subsequent World Cups in which they defeated England and West Indies to further press their case that they could maintain competitiveness with other Test nations.
"Test cricket is the pinnacle, it's the best. Not being able to play Tests was the reason cited by some players, who weren't able to achieve that career fulfilment with Ireland, as the reason they went to England," Cricket Ireland chief executive Warren Deutrom said. "That reason is now removed, we can play Tests ourselves. Who can say for certain that players won't leave in the future, but that can't be the reason for it now."
Afghanistan's rise has been even sharper having first gained ODI status in 2009 with a sixth-place finish at that year's World Cup Qualifier in South Africa. It followed three consecutive promotions over the previous year when they began in Division Five of the World Cricket League. Like Ireland, they have demonstrated the talent to stand toe-to-toe with Full Member nations, securing three straight ODI and T20I series wins over Zimbabwe as well as a win over eventual champion West Indies at the 2016 World T20. Most recently they drew their maiden ODI series in West Indies.
Graphic: Ireland and Afghanistan join the Test club ESPNcricinfo Ltd
"Another day that we can lock in our history and be proud," Shafiq Stanikzai, ACB chief executive, said, adding there was still more work to be done. "Every achievement is great, but it opens the door to challenges. We'll be hosting our international matches in Greater Noida and Sharjah, there should be a day when we can host inside Afghanistan."
The vote is not just an endorsement of each country's respective on-field talents but a seal of approval for efforts made in recent years to build up their domestic structures. In the last three years, both countries have started a multi-day competition with each receiving first-class designation from the ICC in the last year, a harbinger of Thursday's Full Member affirmation.
Since 2005, both countries have demonstrated their readiness for five-day cricket through their dominance in the Intercontinental Cup, the ICC's first-class competition for Associates. Ireland has won four of the last five editions, with Afghanistan interrupting that streak with a victory in the 2010 tournament. The two sides currently sit in the top-two spots in the current edition of the competition, Afghanistan holding a one-point lead after securing an innings victory at Greater Noida over Ireland earlier this year.
Afghanistan has only lost once in the 20 Intercontinental Cup matches they've played, that coming in the 2013 final to Ireland. Ireland's record is just as enviable, with 24 wins, three losses and 10 draws in 37 matches. But they will now be leaving that competition behind at the end of the year, with the door to Test cricket now wide open to them.
Turkish parliament now grants secret fund to President Erdoğan
ANKARA – Turan Yılmaz
AA Photo
A regulation granting a discretionary fund for the presidency was passed as part of a government-sponsored omnibus bill in the General Assembly of the Turkish parliament early March 27, despite objection from opposition parties.The president can use the fund “for state necessities that contain discreet intelligence and defense services; the national security and higher interests of the state; political, social and cultural purposes; and extraordinary services,” according to the regulation passed in parliament, which made changes to the Public Finance Management and Control Law, which provides the discretionary fund for the prime ministry.How and where the presidential discretionary fund will be used will be defined by a presidential enactment that will only bear the president's signature. The discretionary fund for the prime ministry is paid with an order that is signed by the prime ministry, the finance minister and the relevant minister for whom the fund is used.Just like all the other presidential enactments, which are regulated under Article 107 of the constitution, the enactment for the presidency discretionary fund will not be subject to administrative jurisdiction.A discretionary fund covers a great range of expenditures as it can be used for anything from confidential missions to retrieving cultural monuments overseas, which is seen as necessary for the government and the state. The law forbids the use of this fund for family purposes, adding that the fund cannot exceed the funds given with the overall budget of the relevant year.The regulation giving a discretionary fund for the president was inserted in the omnibus bill in a motion filed by Interior Minister Sebahattin Öztürk, who was appointed to the post for three months in early March to replace Efkan Ala, who procedurally resigned from his post as part of a constitutional obligation designed to ensure a neutral election environment, which will take place on June 7.While the fund was defended by ruling Justice and Development Party (AKP) deputies, the regulation elicited the objections of opposition party deputies.Development Minister Cevdet Yılmaz said the discretionary fund was given to a post and not a person, therefore the president, as the head of state, would act responsibly, adding that there was nothing odd about the fund.AKP Group Deputy Chairman Ahmet Aydın said the fund to be given to the presidency was normal and should also be perceived as normal.“[The president] has assumed duty to conduct the missions that need to be done for the higher interest of the state. It is absolutely normal that there are some fund allocations to him to pursue according to these national interests. It should be perceived as normal,” said Aydın.But Republican People's Party (CHP) Group Deputy Chairman Akif Hamzaçebi objected to the regulation, suggesting that the new fund, which he dubbed as the “presidential coup,” was an attempt to gain control over the Turkish National Intelligence Agency (MİT), which is under the authority of the prime ministry.“This is a constitutional coup. [President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan] wants to tie the illegal structure inside MİT directly to himself. With this regulation, secret operations will be conducted much more easily under Erdoğan's instruction,” said Hamzaçebi. “This is treason to the parliamentary system and the prime minister.”Hamzaçebi added that with the discretionary fund, a “parallel state” had been established inside the presidential palace.Nationalist Movement Party (MHP) Group Deputy Chairman Oktay Vural questioned the regulation by asking what the president would do with this fund. Vural mocked the presidential discretionary fund by proposing that deputies send one of their monthly salaries to the presidency, as the presidency's money was not enough, so that a discreet fund was being established.Meanwhile, regulations on various topics were also passed with the omnibus bill, including a controversial Internet bill.The new Internet regulation give ministers the power to order the removal or blocking of an online publication to “defend the right to live, secure property, ensure national security and public order, prevent crime and protect public health.”The Telecommunications Directorate (TİB) can enforce the request of the ministry, with a blanket ban of the offending website if deemed necessary, within a maximum of four hours.Accordingly, social media users who share content that has been subject to a legal complaint in Turkey will be punished.The incentive program announced by Prime Minister Ahmet Davutoğlu in early January to encourage working women to have more children by giving them 300 Turkish Liras for a couple's first child, 400 liras for the second, and 600 liras for the third, while also easing conditions for new mothers to return to their jobs after maternity leave, was also passed with the omnibus bill.While the bill opened new quotas for the appointment of teachers to schools, which is a long-time problem in Turkey, the quota for the Sports Ministry is being increased due to a reconstruction of the ministry.The bill also foresees monetary support for Turkish citizens who will marry before the age of 27 and have already raised a certain amount of money for this purpose.
PITTSBURGH, Pa. - Pittsburgh Penguins forward Chuck Kobasew is out for at least three weeks with a lower body injury.
Coach Dan Bylsma says Kobasew was hurt in the first period of Monday's 3-1 win over the Carolina Hurricanes. Kobasew, who signed with Pittsburgh as a free agent in the off-season, has two goals in 12 games for the Penguins.
Kobasew's injury came one game after the Penguins lost defenceman Rob Scuderi with an ankle injury that will require surgery.
The Penguins are already playing without forward James Neal (upper body), forward Beau Bennett (undisclosed injury) and goaltender Tomas Vokoun. Vokoun is out until at least January while he recovers from a blood clot.
Pittsburgh forward Brandon Sutter did not practice on Tuesday. His status for Wednesday's game against Boston is unclear.
While on a mission over Laos, Capt. Lance P. Sijan ejects from his disabled McDonnell Douglas F-4C Phantom jet near Vinh, North Vietnam. Despite suffering a skull fracture, a mangled right hand, and a compound fracture of the left leg during his ejection, Sijan successfully evaded capture for more than six weeks.
Eventually Sijan's wounds and lack of sustenance overwhelmed him and he collapsed along a road, where he was found by North Vietnamese troops. After several days of captivity, Sijan gathered his strength and escaped. Still weakened and suffering from his injuries, Sijan was recaptured and tortured, and then transported to the infamous prison known as the Hanoi Hilton. While there, he contracted pneumonia and died. Throughout his ordeal, Captain Sijan never gave up his desire to escape and resisted his captors to the very end. When the American prisoners of war (POWs) were released in 1973, several of Sijan's fellow POWs immediately initiated a recommendation for Sijan to receive the Medal of Honor. On March 4, 1976, President Gerald Ford presented the medal to Captain Sijan's father in a ceremony at the White House.
The price of bacon keeps getting heftier.
According to the Bureau of Labor Statistics, the average price of a pound of bacon in American cities rose another 6 cents in June, to an all-time high of $6.11. That's a 14 percent increase since June 2013 and a whopping 41 percent more than it cost in June 2012, when people were already writing articles about how expensive bacon was. Here's a graph illustrating the dramatic rise in bacon prices over the past couple years:
For what you'd spend for a pound of bacon today, you could buy a whole four-pound chicken, a six-pack of PBR, 10 pounds of bananas, 36 eggs, or a paperback copy of the fourth installment of George R.R. Martin's A Song of Ice and Fire series, A Feast For Crows.
Of course, prices rise all the time -- that's the nature of inflation. But the dramatic spike in the price of bacon goes far beyond inflation, which is hovering around 2 percent a year. To see just how dramatically, I adjusted the monthly average price of bacon for inflation, using the PCE deflator, the Federal Reserve system's preferred measure of inflation. It turns out that bacon prices have consistently surpassed previous all-time highs, even after accounting for inflation. Here's a graph illustrating that trend:
As you can see in that graph, there was another major boom in bacon prices in the early-'80s. But the surge going on now puts it to shame. After adjusting for inflation, bacon is now 21 percent more expensive than it was at its 1980s peak in September 1982.
Three basic factors account for the latest rise. A virulent disease, porcine epidemic diarrhea virus, has been killing American pigs by the thousands for almost a year, drastically reducing the stock of livestock available for bacon-making. Demand for bacon keeps rising. And an ongoing drought across much of the U.S. has forced feed prices to historic highs.
That said, bacon isn't the only breakfast staple getting more expensive. Disastrous diseases also have dramatically increased the price of orange juice and coffee in recent months.
One of the most common questions I get asked by our users is how can I invest my Bitcoins. I'll start out by saying that I'm no investment expert but throughout the year and half I've been dealing with Bitcoins I've gained some insight about the different options for investing. This post lists my own personal and uneducated opinion about Bitcoin investments – use it at your own risk.
Option #1 – Keep your Bitcoin for the long term
This option is as simple as it sounds. Buy as many Bitcoins as you can afford losing (don't ever invest an amount you can't afford to lose) and hold on to them until they reach a profitable target goal. For example, I bought my first Bitcoins when they were $120. Even if I sell them now I'd still be at a 350% profit. My personal opinion is that the price of Bitcoin will rise as it gets more and more mainstream so I prefer to use times like these when the price is low to buy and wait for at least a 20% profit before selling. You won't find a better ROI (Return On Investment) anywhere else.
Option #2 – Loan Bitcoins to “strangers” for a steady monthly yield
One of the more promising startups I've encountered lately is BTCJam. The site acts as a peer to peer lending network were you can lend your Bitcoins to strangers that are in need of a loan and they are committed to paying you back under certain terms. The annual percentage rate (APR) for these types of loan can reach almost %20 which is huge.
This investment method is a bit risker since you are trusting someone you do not know to pay you back. Having said that, keep in mind that all transactions are done through BTCJam and that loaners have specific credit scores according to the amount of credibility they have (verification of identity, paid out previous loans etc.).
I loaned my first Bitcoins this month and am currently waiting for my first payment to come in, once I have it I will update how much profit I made from this transaction. The advantage of using this method is that if all goes well you are actively increasing your number of Bitcoins month by month. For the record – I'm not affiliated in any way with BTCJam.
Option #3 – HYIP (High Yield Investment Programs)
About 2 months ago I was introduced the the concept of HYIP. The basic idea is that you invest some money and get a high yield on that money pretty quickly. Almost all of these programs are complete scam. At the time I wasn't aware of this and decide to take my chances on a website called MyDailyBitcoin (the site is no longer active). The site promised to give you a 10% return daily for the amount you invested.
Since I was pretty skeptical I initially invested a small amount of 0.1 Bitcoins. I waited for 2 weeks and saw that I actually got paid what I was promised. I then invested a larger amount of 1 Bitcoin. About a week or so after the site became inaccessible. I've searched the Bitcointalk forum and found a post debating the legitimacy of MyDailyBitcoin. Reading through the threads it seemed that MyDailyCoin was closing shop and several people stated that if you send your public address to a woman name Alana Tor you will supposedly get a refund.
I was hesitant about this since the email was just a general email address ([email protected]) not even related to the domain MyDailyBitcoin.com – this is typical of Bitcoin scams. Also, no actual verification was required other than sending your public address and your email address. After debating this for a while I decided to actually give it shot. Amazingly enough I got my refund, but as I continued to read through the post on BitcoinTalk I saw that I was lucky – many people didn't get any response or refunds from MyDailyCoin.
To sum it up I would advise you to avoid any HYIP investments you find. If you're still considering such an option I'd look for an informative “about” page of the company which includes actual people and their personal profiles on LinkedIn or Facebook. I'd also inquire a bit about the investment process and of course not spend more than I can afford to lose.
If you have any other forms of investments you use to profit from your Bitcoins I'd love for you to share your thoughts about them in the comment section below.
Update: Following this post I got a lot of emails with other various investment opportunities which I will list here. I am not affiliated in any way with these site nor do I recommend them since I haven't had any experience with them. Use these sites at your own risk.
Bitcoin Trader – Another HYIP that so far seems to be paying out for most people that contacted me and also has some testimonials on Google + which seem to be legit.
BTC Lending Club – Seems to be some sort of HYIP (400%+ APR) although they claim to make their money through lending and borrowing just like BTCJam.
oh god it has been way too long since i did thisand i started off with Ahuizotl too oh my god why did i do that to myself he is so difficult to draw you don't even knowanyways yes, have Ahuizotl doing a villain song. technically this song probably should have gone to Nightmare Moon, what with it being about bringing everlasting darkness and all, but i already gave her a comic and i can't really think of any better songs for Ahuizotl than this one.so, hat tip to the crazy bronies on TV Tropes, who created a gigantic tropes page for the whole Daring Do book series . i incorporated bits and pieces of it here, but tried not to do the whole thing, since it's constantly changing and trying to piece together a story out of trope examples is how Charles Manson went insane. true story, ask anybody.also, the song is from an early version of. Yzma was going to have a villain song in early versions of the movie, but then production hell happened and her song got cut from the film, but survived on the soundtrack. "Snuff Out the Light" (c) Disney(c) Hasbro, Lauren Faust, et alvarious vectors, like the Nightmare Moon statue, the mare-containing moon, and the backgrounds in the first and last couple panels from as always, feel free to make recordings and stuff. and if you can convincingly imitate Ahuizotl's accent, i will award you one (1) internet.also Ed Wood is best pony.EDIT 6/27: there is always a derp somewhere. thanks to for pointing it outEDIT 6/28: well that was fast! have the comic set to the song by PassionfrootefulEDIT 7/30: and of course, have a recording by EDIT 8/27/2013: still going! have a recording by
"Thousands of people around Russia and abroad have joined Victory Day parades and celebrations to mark 70 years since victory over Nazi Germany in WWII. Many of them gathered to march with the so-called “Immortal Regiment” to honor the veterans of the war. Crowds of people carrying photographs of veterans who went through World War II have come to rally across Russia in a symbolic action known as the Immortal Regiment (Bessmertny Polk) march. “They must march on victoriously at all times,” says the statement on the event's web page." (RT)
-------------------------------------------
RT interviewed an Englishman participating in the march. John Laughland carried his uncle's photo while marching with the Immortal Regiment in Moscow. His uncle, his father's younger brother, died while serving with the Royal Navy on Arctic convoy duty. Also marching with the Immortal Regiment, was Vladimir Vladimirovich Putin carrying a large framed photo of his father. I'm sure he had security nearby, but they weren't evident on the RT report. The image was of the President of Russia marching shoulder to shoulder with his fellow Russians honoring their fathers and mothers and keeping their memories alive. This image and the whole idea of the Immortal Regiment leave me in awe.
In stark contrast, our boycotting of the Victory Day celebration in Moscow was shameful and petty. To force others to join us in this boycott is beyond shameful. And all this to support Nuland's Nazi adoring, atrocity committing junta in Kiev. It fills me with disgust.
TTG
Get the biggest daily stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
Warning: Video contains adult language
Three people have been arrested after ugly scenes broke out during a protest at Warwick University.
A video has also emerged which appears to capture the moment protesters, from campaign group Warwick for Free Education, were CS sprayed by police.
The group had been staging a 'sit-in' protest against student fees at the university's Senate House building as part of a national day of action when three police vehicles arrived and officers began to wrestle with protesters in an apparent attempt to clear the building.
In the video of the incident, a taser can be heard loudly crackling in the background as officers from West Midlands Police barked orders at the 25-strong crowd.
University officials said they called police to the protest and police confirmed they had been asked to attend after a member of university staff said they had been attacked by one of the protesters.
Three people were arrested at the site of the protest, one on suspicion of assault and two others on suspicion of obstructing police.
Craig Mcvey, a PhD student at the university, was taking part in the protest.
He said: “We were sitting around having a conversation when we saw some police lights and the students were just telling each other to keep calm.
“The police came in and started grabbing at a particular person. I got shoved away and there was a big ruckus.
“A police officer took out his CS spray and sprayed it in one person's eyes and then into a crowd of about ten people.
“A taser was taken out and was being made to crackle by pressing the trigger, but it wasn't used.
“It felt particularly disproportionate. When the police came they didn't say why they were there.
“A lot of younger students were visibly shaken and left in tears. It was quite a shock, especially considering that it was a quiet protest - we weren't even shouting.”
A spokesman for West Midlands Police said: “Police were called to reports of an assault at the University of Warwick Central Campus in Coventry this afternoon.
“Officers arrived at Senate House at 4.50pm to find a group of around 25 students protesting about fees and a staff member reported that he had been assaulted by one of the group.
“Three people were arrested from the site, one on suspicion of assault and two others on suspicion of obstructing police.
“Police officers and security staff from the university worked together to ensure everyone was safe. The protest continues and officers remain at the scene to ensure there is no further breach of the peace.”
Peter Dunn, from the University of Warwick's press office, said: “Students have been planning protests across the country and we knew there would be a protest here.
“We have held a number of protests here in the past and security was on hand to help facilitate a peaceful protest.
“We have never had an issue of this nature in the past.
“Shockingly and surprisingly there appears to have been an unprovoked act of violence of such a nature that we had to call the police.”
About this mod Adds craftable, unenchanted clothing to the game, as well as craftable unenchanted staffs. Requires Dragonborn Requirements DLC name Dragonborn Permissions and credits Author's instructions File credits Got the idea for the staffs from the "Craftable Unenchanted Staffs" mod by FantasyWriter (on Steam). This is, however, all my work, the idea simply came from seeing his mod so I thought I would add a similar thing to mine. Donation Points system This mod is not opted-in to receive Donation Points Translations Polish Translations available on the Nexus Language Name Polish Author: LordTorus Craftable Clothing and Staffs - Polish Translation
This adds a whole bunch of unenchanted clothes to the crafting menu at the tanning rack, as well as a few select items to the forge and staff enchanter. The clothes are all treated as clothing by the game engine so should work with the Mage Armour perk etc.
Some of these items are not marked as "playable" in the vanilla game. Because of that, they may have clipping issues etc. There is nothing I can do about that.
Now includes the unenchanted staffs from Dragonborn, they may be crafted from the staff enchanter in Tel Mithryn. (Got the idea from another author's mod so I thought I would add the same functionality it in here.)
Also adds the woodcutter's axe and pickaxe to the iron crafting menu at the forge.
~ REQUIRES DRAGONBORN ~
The clothes included are:
> Archmage Boots
> Archmage Robes
> Green Monk Robes
> Thalmor Boots
> Thalmor Gloves
> Thalmor Robes
> College Hood
> College Hood (Variant 1)
> College Hood (Variant 2)
> College Robes Apprentice (Variant 1)
> College Robes Apprentice (Variant 2)
> College Robes Common
> College Robes Common (Variant 1)
> Cultist Robes
> Blue Dark Elf Outfit (no hood)
> Dark Elf Outfit (no hood)
> Red Dark Elf Outfit (no hood)
> Dark Brotherhood Hand Wraps
> Dark Brotherhood Hood
> Dark Brotherhood Robes
> Dark Brotherhood Shoes
> Emperor's Robes
> Executioner's Boots
> Executioner's Gloves
> Executioner's Hood/mask
> Executioner's Robes
> Greybeard Boots
> Greybeard Hood
> Greybeard Robes
> Jarl Outfit 01
> Jarl Outfit 02
> Jarl Outfit 03
> Jester Boots
> Jester Gloves
> Jester Hat
> Jester Clothes
> Necromancer Robes
> Psiijic Boots
> Psiijic Gloves
> Psiijic Hood
> Psiijic Robes
> Telvanni Robes
> Temple Priest Robes
> Temple priesthood
> Temple Priest Robes
> Vaermina Robes
Change. Added:
> Monk Robes Brown
> Monk Robes Grey
> Monk Robes Red
> barkeeper's Clothes
> Fine Clothes 01
> Fine Clothes 01 (Variant)
> Fine CLothes 01 (Wedding Dress Variant)
> Fine Clothes 02
> Fine Clothes 02 (Variant)
> Merchant Hat
> Merchant Boots
> Merchant Clothes
> Merchant Clothes (Variant)
> Focus Gloves
> Staff Template (Unenchanted Staff) - Alteration
> Staff Template (Unenchanted Staff) - Conjuration
> Staff Template (Unenchanted Staff) - Destruction
> Staff Template (Unenchanted Staff) - Illusion
> Staff Template (Unenchanted Staff) - Restoration
> Woodcutting axe
> Pickaxe
Change. Added:
> Blacksmith Robes
> Blacksmith Robes (Variant)
> Skaal Boots
> Skaal Coat
> Skaal Gloves
> Skaal Hat
I also added a few unenchanted weapons which are all temperable:
> Ash Spawn Battleaxe (stats of steel battleaxe, requires steel perk)
> Ash Spawn Waraxe (stats of steel waraxe, requires steel perk)
> Headsman's Axe (stats of iron battleaxe)
I may add more later, but that should be enough for now. I haven't included the hooded versions of these clothes because they require an extra slot (head) so aren't good for enchanting.
COMPATIBILITY
In order to get a CLOTHING submenu at the tanning rack I had to usurp the Studded category which studded armour is in. The Studded armour is now under IRON.
Therefore, anything which uses the STUDDED category will have issues with this mod.
Enjoy!
Thanks for downloading, I hope you enjoy my mod, I am proud of it.
If you find any bugs, problems, or suggestions, leave a comment. I will do my best to fix them.
Terry Firma
And here I thought that Thou shalt not steal was a revered commandment by Jews as as well as Christians. From Haaretz:
France's Chief Rabbi Gilles Bernheim acknowledged that he plagiarized several parts of his latest book. Bernheim said Tuesday in a statement that parts of the 2011 book “Forty Jewish Meditations” were taken from other sources.
Even more disturbing may be that when confronted with his plagiarism, he lied about what he did — and smeared a dead man in doing so.
The affair started in early March when the Strass de la Philosophie blog revealed that a passage on hasidic exegesis from Bernheim's work was almost identical to an interview of the philosopher Jean-Francois Lyotard that appears in the 1996 book “Questioning Judaism” by Elisabeth Weber. Soon after the disclosure, Bernheim said some of the meditations in his book were transcripts of lessons he gave in the 1980s while he was a chaplain for French Jewish students. He said the lessons were often recorded and that copies of his personal notes were distributed to the listeners, implying that Lyotard, who died in 1998, plagiarized him and not the opposite. His version was contradicted by Weber, who interviewed Lyotard and specified that the philosopher answered her questions without a single note.
Bernheim still hasn't come clean. While nominally accepting responsibility for the plagiarism in a “the bucks stops here” kind of way, he insists that he didn't know about the pilfered passages in his book; he was hoodwinked by his “ghostwriter,” he claims. Reminds me of how copyright infringers on the web always claim that it's the webmaster's fault.
We will learn the truth, I think, especially now that the investigation is getting crowd-sourced following allegations that Bernheim has been at this for some time:
Jean-Noel Darde, a senior lecturer at Paris 8 University, suggested on his website that Bernheim also might have plagiarized books by other authors such as Elie Wiesel, Jean-Marie Domenach and Charles Dobzynski.
[image via la-croix.com]
The Federal Communications Commission hosted the second meeting of the Robocall Strike Force on Wednesday, October 26, 2016 from 1-2 p.m. in the Commission Meeting Room, located at 445 12th Street, SW, Washington, DC 20554. The event included remarks from Chairman Wheeler, Commissioners Clyburn, Rosenworcel, Pai, and O'Rielly, and AT&T CEO Randall Stephenson, the Chair of the Robocall Strike Force.
The Robocall Strike Force is an industry-led group which has been working for two months to develop comprehensive solutions to prevent, detect, and filter unwanted robocalls. Robocalls and telemarketing calls are the number one source of consumer complaints received by the FCC. However, giving consumers meaningful control over the calls and texts they receive requires collective action by the industry.
Industry leaders moved to form the Strike Force in response to a call to action by FCC Chairman Tom Wheeler directing industry to develop an action plan to address consumer concerns with robocalls and deploy anti-robocall solutions within 60 days. The FCC hosted a meeting to kick off the Strike Force's work on August 19, 2016. The Strike Force reported to the Commission on its proposed action plan at the October 26 meeting. At this meeting, Chairman Wheeler proposed a third meeting of this group in six months.
Documents
CONTACTS FOR FURTHER INFORMATION: For media inquiries, contact Will Wiquist, Office of Media Relations, Federal Communications Commission, at 202-418-0509 or will.wiquist@fcc.gov. For all other inquiries, contact Jerusha Burnett, Consumer and Governmental Affairs Bureau, Federal Communications Commission, at 202-418-0526 or jerusha.burnett@fcc.gov.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
ORLANDO, Fla. -- The Christian-owned restaurant Chick-fil-A is known for its “Closed Sunday” sign, but that didn't stop its Orlando location from opening Sunday to help the community.
After the attack at the Orlando nightclub that killed 49, community members waited in lines to donate blood to help the victims. A few employees from the local Chick-fil-A decided to hand out meals to people waiting in line.
They also gave free food law enforcement officials who responded to the Orlando shooting scene, WOFL reports.
The Chick-fil-A shared photos on its Facebook page of its busy employees.
Another Orlando-area Chick-Fil-A posted a message of support on their sign: "God Bless the USA. Home is where the [heart is.] Orlando is our home. #prayfororlando."
[takeaction]
Sebastian Gorka, who was propelled from Breitbart alongside Stephen Bannon into the White House to advise President Donald Trump on terrorism, did not like being attacked on social media by an academic called Michael Smith.
So he called him and allegedly threatened him with a lawsuit, but he might not have known that Mr Smith in South Carolina was recording the call, obtained by Newsweek.
Mr Gorka apparently phoned Mr Smith on his personal mobile phone rather than from his White House office or mobile phone on which the calls would be logged.
We'll tell you what's true. You can form your own view. From 15p €0.18 $0.18 $0.27 a day, more exclusives, analysis and extras.
Mr Gorka, whose views about Islam are widely deemed to be extremist, asked if they had ever met, and Mr Smith confirmed they had not.
"Why is this vitriol popping out of you, every day now?" Mr Gorka asked. "I look at your Twitter feed once or twice a day and it's half a dozen tweets about me, and I've never even met you."
"Wow," Mr Smith responded. "Are you defeating jihad by monitoring or trolling my Twitter feed?"
Mr Smith countered that he was a private citizen, being phoned by a White House official, and that he considered Mr Gorka to be unqualified to work in the White House and to be a "charlatan".
Mr Gorka describes himself of Twitter as an "Irregular Warfare Strategist" and is the author of Defeating Jihad. In his book, he describes how radical Islamic terrorists are driven by passages from the Koran, rather than government repression, civil war or other factors.
Ibrahim Hooper, communications director of the Council on American-Islamic Relations, told The Independent that Mr Gorka was a "conspiracy theorist".
"In a recent interview, he wouldn't even say whether the President considers Islam to be a real religion," he said. "He's not just a consultant that goes on CNN and the networks. He's in the White House formulating policy."
Mr Gorka, a Hungarian-born and British-educated terrorism specialist, invited Mr Smith on the phone to the White House for a cup of coffee and asked him to bring "all the evidence" to prove Mr Smith had directly contributed to White House terrorism policy and to discuss their opposing views.
Mr Smith has been a frequent contributor on television and to think tanks about terrorism, and his particular focus is the use of social media by Isis and al-Qaeda. In Foreign Policy Magazine he was included in a list of "100 Leading Global Thinkers".
After Mr Gorka opened his calendar and invited Mr Smith to his office on 8 March, the phone call escalated as the White House adviser said it was "weird" how Mr Smith attacked him.
"I've never met you and I've never attacked you," he said, clearly becoming more frustrated. "And your Twitter feed is an incessant berating of my professional acumen. Put yourself in my shoes, Mr. Smith. Have you done that? How would you like it if someone you've never met, daily and professionally attacked you?"
Mr Gorka withdrew his invitation the same week, citing further attacks against him and the President by Mr Smith.
Mr Gorka's expertise on Islam has been strongly criticised by publications like The Washington Post and Wall Street Journal.
"He thinks the government and intelligence agencies don't know anything about radicalisation, but the government knows a lot and thinks he's nuts," former CIA expert Cindy Storer, one of his critics, told the Journal.
Mr Gorka was arrested in January last year when he tried to pass through a security checkpoint at Reagan National Airport in Washington DC with a loaded handgun.
We'll tell you what's true. You can form your own view.
At The Independent, no one tells us what to write. That's why, in an era of political lies and Brexit bias, more readers are turning to an independent source. Subscribe from just 15p a day for extra exclusives, events and ebooks – all with no ads.
Subscribe now
AUSTIN, Texas — A classicist, biologist and computer scientist all walk into a room — what comes next isn't the punchline but a new method to analyze relationships among ancient Latin and Greek texts, developed in part by researchers from The University of Texas at Austin.
Their work, referred to as quantitative criticism, is highlighted in a study published in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences. The paper identifies subtle literary patterns in order to map relationships between texts and more broadly to trace the cultural evolution of literature.
“As scholars of the humanities well know, literature is a system within which texts bear a multitude of relationships to one another. Understanding what is distinctive about one text entails knowing how it fits within that system,” said Pramit Chaudhuri, associate professor in the Department of Classics at UT Austin. “Our work seeks to harness the power of quantification and computation to describe those relationships at macro and micro levels not easily achieved by conventional reading alone.”
In the study, the researchers create literary profiles based on stylometric features, such as word usage, punctuation and sentence structure, and use techniques from machine learning to understand these complex datasets. Taking a computational approach enables the discovery of small but important characteristics that distinguish one work from another — a process that could require years using manual counting methods.
“One aspect of the technical novelty of our work lies in the unusual types of literary features studied,” Chaudhuri said. “Much computational text analysis focuses on words, but there are many other important hallmarks of style, such as sound, rhythm and syntax.”
Another component of their work builds on Matthew Jockers' literary “macroanalysis,” which uses machine learning to identify stylistic signatures of particular genres within a large body of English literature. Implementing related approaches, Chaudhuri and his colleagues have begun to trace the evolution of Latin prose style, providing new, quantitative evidence for the sweeping impact of writers such as Caesar and Livy on the subsequent development of Roman prose literature.
“There is a growing appreciation that culture evolves and that language can be studied as a cultural artifact, but there has been less research focused specifically on the cultural evolution of literature,” said the study's lead author Joseph Dexter, a Ph.D. candidate in systems biology at Harvard University. “Working in the area of classics offers two advantages: the literary tradition is a long and influential one well served by digital resources, and classical scholarship maintains a strong interest in close linguistic study of literature.”
Unusually for a publication in a science journal, the paper contains several examples of the types of more speculative literary reading enabled by the quantitative methods introduced. The authors discuss the poetic use of rhyming sounds for emphasis and of particular vocabulary to evoke mood, among other literary features.
“Computation has long been employed for attribution and dating of literary works, problems that are unambiguous in scope and invite binary or numerical answers,” Dexter said. “The recent explosion of interest in the digital humanities, however, has led to the key insight that similar computational methods can be repurposed to address questions of literary significance and style, which are often more ambiguous and open ended. For our group, this humanist work of criticism is just as important as quantitative methods and data.”
The paper is the work of the Quantitative Criticism Lab (www.qcrit.org), co-directed by Chaudhuri and Dexter in collaboration with researchers from several other institutions. It is funded in part by a 2016 National Endowment for the Humanities grant and the Andrew W. Mellon Foundation New Directions Fellowship, awarded in 2016 to Chaudhuri to further his education in statistics and biology. Chaudhuri was one of 12 scholars selected for the award, which provides humanities researchers the opportunity to train outside of their own area of special interest with a larger goal of bridging the humanities and social sciences.
Dexter and Chaudhuri are co-corresponding authors on the paper, and the co-first authors are Dexter, Theodore Katz (Massachusetts Institute of Technology), Nilesh Tripuraneni (Univesity of Cambridge), and Tathagata Dasgupta (Harvard University). Other authors at UT Austin are Adriana Casarez, a graduate student in the School of Information, and Ayelet Haimson Lushkov, associate professor of classics. Ajay Kannan, James A. Brofos, Jorge A. Bonilla Lopez and Lea Schroeder, of Dartmouth College, and Maxim Rabinovich (University of California at Berkeley) are also authors on the paper.
I had no idea what to expect, but I was told that I have a secret mamaw! My santa was so sweet and really paid attention to my info :3 I was SO HAPPY and excited when this big box showed up at the door! My mom was like "IS THIS FROM YOUR SANTA?" and I had tears in my eyes already. I opened it to see an art kit, (since I wanted to learn to draw and fun stuff like that) A drawing book to help teach me, a drawing pad, CUTE STICKERS, I LOVE STICKERS and adventure time mini figures (BECAUSE I LOVE AT) (& can't wait to put these on my desk at work) tears were welling up in my eyes and I couldn't be more grateful.
&& apparently there's more coming!! o.o YAY!
My endless thanks to my santa for everything.
UPDATE: A second package arrived!! Fill with goodiess :D Candy, cute little tags for presents, and a handcrafted bag :D I LOVE IT. Thank you so much <3333
p.s molly liked it too, she had to investigate!
President Donald Trump indicated to Republicans on Tuesday that they should ignore widespread voter disapproval of his agenda as he urged them to once again jettison filibuster rules in the U.S. Senate in order to ram through a bill that would strip health coverage from an estimated 23 million people over the next decade and pass massive tax cuts for the nation's wealthiest individuals and corporations.
"The U.S. Senate should switch to 51 votes, immediately, and get Healthcare and TAX CUTS approved, fast and easy. Dems would do it, no doubt!" the president tweeted Tuesday morning.
According to a recent Quinnipiac poll, only 21% of voters approve of the Republican "wealthcare, not a healthcare bill" which passed the House of Representatives earlier this month and is derisively known as Trumpcare.
Meanwhile, Trump's budget proposal—released in detail last week and immediately slammed by economic experts as erroneous and unworkable and by progressives as "immoral," cruel, and the epitome of class warfare—has landed with a reported "thud" even among those who backed Trump's presidential bid. And while tax cuts nearly always poll well among U.S. voters, Trump's plan, which focuses on giving massive giveaways to billionaires like himself, has been widely viewed as a direct betrayal to the many low-income and working-class voters who helped usher him into office on promises that he would confront the establishment elite.
While the Republicans in the Senate have vowed to write their own "repeal and replace" healthcare bill, as opposed to taking up what their House colleagues sent over, Trump has made it clear he believes House version is a "great" proposal and given it his full endorsement.
And while Trump might think killing the filibuster would make life easier for him, Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell—though he did use the so-called "nuclear option" in order to get Trump's U.S. Supreme Court nominee Neil Gorsuch confirmed—has repeatedly ruled out doing the same for other legislative business.
SCROLL TO CONTINUE WITH CONTENT Help Keep Common Dreams Alive Our progressive news model only survives if those informed and inspired by this work support our efforts
As Jason Easley, writing at PoliticusUSA, argues, "Trump wants the legislative filibuster changed because a change is the only way that any of his legislation stands any chance of passage.... [the president] is losing, and he wants Republicans to rig the game so that he can win."
And MSNBC's Steve Benen suggested Trump's tweet was a combination of ignorance and political misdirection as he offered three key takeaways for readers to keep in mind:
1. We already know that Senate Republicans will not do this, at least not anytime soon. Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell (R-Ky.), among other GOP leaders, has said in no uncertain terms that the legislative filibuster isn't going away, the president's pleas notwithstanding. 2. Trump, who's never demonstrated an even rudimentary understanding of the legislative process, may not appreciate these details, but both health care and tax cuts are being pursued through the reconciliation process – which means they already can't be filibustered. If filibusters were eliminated entirely, it might be a little easier to pass these priorities, but Democratic opposition is not the source of the White House's problem. 3. The president is apparently convinced that Democrats would scrap all filibusters, but it's worth remembering that Dems had the Senate majority for eight years – January 2007 to December 2014 – and did not do what Trump claims.
According to Benen, Trump is likely "laying the groundwork for failure" and angling for a way to put the blame on Democrats if and when the Senate fails to pass his legislative wish list.
Two California towns have earned a place on the National Trust for Historic Preservation's list of top heritage destinations for 2011. The nonprofit organization each year selects a Dozen Distinctive Destinations that "boast a richness of character and exude an authentic sense of place," according to a statement released Tuesday.
The coastal town of Eureka on Humboldt Bay was singled out for its Victorian homes and nearby old-growth redwood forests. Sonoma too was recognized for the town's wine-country roots that reach into the early 19th century. Many Californians, who likely already know these tourist spots, might consider revisiting, with a focus on their architectural and cultural qualities.
Other destinations that made the 2011 list include Alexandria, Va.; Chapel Hill, N.C.; Colorado Springs, Colo.; Dandridge, Tenn.; Muskogee, Okla.; New Bedford, Mass.; Paducah, Ky.; San Angelo, Texas; St. Paul, Minn.; and Sheridan, Wyo.
The National Trust also wants to know what places on the list you like best. Fans are invited to vote for one of the 12 between Tuesday and March 15. Participants will be entered to win a free two-night stay at any Historic Hotel of America, which includes places such as Cavallo Point in the San Francisco Bay Area and the Waldorf Astoria in New York City.
Click on the Dozen Distinctive Destinations website to learn more about what makes these destinations special and to register to vote.
Quantum particles in a synchronized dance
Quantum systems oscillate in synchronization after a short time just like classical pendulums
As if by magic, seemingly independent pendulum clocks can come together to tick simultaneously and in synchrony. The phenomenon of “self-organized synchronization” frequently occurs in nature and engineering and is one of the key research fields of Marc Timme's team at the Max Planck Institute for Dynamics and Self-Organization. The physicists in Göttingen are part of a German-Italian collaboration which has now published an amazing discovery in “Nature Communications”: even quantum systems can synchronize through self-organization, without any external control. This synchronization manifests itself in the strangest property of the quantum world – entanglement.
Several pendulum clocks can synchronize to one frequency of oscillation as if by magic when they have a common suspension. Christiaan Huygens observed this phenomenon for the first time in 1665. © Henrique M. Oliveira & Luís V. Melo Several pendulum clocks can synchronize to one frequency of oscillation as if by magic when they have a common suspension. Christiaan Huygens observed this phenomenon for the first time in 1665. © Henrique M. Oliveira & Luís V. Melo
In 1665, the Dutch researcher Christiaan Huygens (1629-1695) was working on a novel clock for ships. At the time, pendulum clocks were the state of the art, and a specially shaped pendulum was intended to respond less sensitively to the rocking of the ships. Ship's clocks working as precisely as possible were the key to exact determining longitude. For protection, Huygens had built two of his pendulum clocks into a heavy housing, which was suspended such that it should largely compensate the rocking of the ship. He then discovered a surprising phenomenon: Although the clocks ran independently of each other and were not subject to any external influence, their pendulums swung in precise synchrony within at most half an hour after each restart.
Huygens surmised even back then that the two pendulums synchronized via tiny “imperceptible motions” in the joint suspension of the two clocks. His guess was correct, as physicists were later able to demonstrate for such oscillating systems. “One can observe such clocks as well as manyother oscillating objects to synchronize with each other even in the absence of any external influence,” explains Marc Timme, theoretical physicist at the Max Planck Institute for Dynamics and Self-Organization in Göttingen. The professor heads a Research Group that studies the dynamics of networks and analyses, for example, the behaviour of electricity grids.
A joint suspension causes the pendulums to synchronize
The self-organized synchronization of seemingly independent oscillators to one frequency can be observed in many systems in nature and engineering. The prerequisite is often a “hidden” coupling, as via the joint suspension for the pendulum clocks. Scientists like Timme also call this a locking behaviour, with all oscillators involved synchronizing to precisely one frequency and then remaining trapped in it. This actually works with children's swings suspended from a joint beam as well. If they are pushed off from different starting positions, they may synchronize to a single frequency at some stage.
The examples are not limited only to mechanical oscillations. “Synchronization alsohappens for many different biological networks,” explains Timme “The phenomenon for instance occurs in the brain when nerve impulses synchronize.” This synchronization of brain waves in certain areas seems to be important for the working of our thinking organ. But it can also achieve too much. “Large-scale, extensive synchronization of brain waves in the brain is characteristic for epilepsy,” says Timme.
Quantum objects synchronize without any external influence
On the left, the pendulums do not oscillate in synchronization; on the right, they have organized themselves to a synchronized oscillation. With quantum systems, such a classical synchronization can be the “smoking gun” for entanglement. This prediction of the German-Italian collaboration working with Marc Timme and Dirk Witthaut can be checked in the laboratory. © Jülich Research Centre On the left, the pendulums do not oscillate in synchronization; on the right, they have organized themselves to a synchronized oscillation. With quantum systems, such a classical synchronization can be the “smoking gun” for entanglement. This prediction of the German-Italian collaboration working with Marc Timme and Dirk Witthaut can be checked in the laboratory. © Jülich Research Centre
All these self-organized ordering phenomena are based on the fundamentals of the classical – non-quantum world. However, a German-Italian research collaboration has now discovered synchronization emerging even for pure quantum systems. This collaboration was initiated by Marc Timme together with his former postdoc Dirk Witthaut, who in the meantime heads an independent research group at the Forschungszentrum Jülich. The conceptually new work has now been published in the renowned Nature Communications journal. In the publication, the scientists demonstrate for the first time that isolated systems comprising large numbers of quantum objects, such as the atoms of a Bose-Einstein condensate which is trapped in an optical lattice, for example, can synchronize in a very similar way to classical systems of physics.
In a Bose-Einstein condensates, whose experimental realization was honoured with the Nobel Prize in physics in 2001, several atoms behave like a single quantum object, individual atoms can nevertheless be trapped in an optical lattice. Such grids are constructed from the electromagnetic potential of crossed laser beams and resemble an egg box made of light, in which the atoms are spread out. The quantum particles can synchronize in the box without any external influence whatsoever, meaning they are likewise self-organized. “This is the main news of our article,” says Timme.
These oscillating quantum systems can be imagined as manyHuygens' pendulum clocks. These clocks were coupled with each other via a beam, from which they are all suspended. In consequence, their pendulums oscillate synchronously after some time. The quantum systems synchronize in just the same way by interacting with each other. This self-organized transition to a synchronized collective is in complete correspondence with classical physics.
Synchronized quantum objects are entangled
But something more happens in the quantum world – a collective quantum state forms. This quantum state represents the uncertainty of quantum mechanics as such: entanglement. Quantum systems which are entangled with each other can no longer be described independently of each other. In our example of the clocks this would be roughly as if it were no longer possible to recognize the pendulums individually – each pendulum would contain information on all the others. All pendulums would therefore behave together like one object, a quantum object. “Classical synchronization is the ‘smoking gun' for the formation of quantum mechanical entanglement,” says Dirk Witthaut, lead author of the study, “and this is extremely surprising.”
This finding throws new light onto the fascinating phenomenon of entanglement. Entangled systems have been routinely produced in many physics laboratories for decades. The new results are not just important for basic research. For some time now the quantum information research field has been working on using entanglement as a technical resource, be it in quantum computers of the future or in the error-proof transmission of information. The article now published by the German-Italian collaboration also makes concrete proposals as to how the self-organized synchronization of a quantum collective can be detected in the laboratory. It will therefore be fascinating to see in which form the phenomenon really shows up and how it inspires new lines of research.
For Marc Timme, this paper is also evidence of how important the collaboration between different disciplines is in making such unusual discoveries. He himself is an expert on the dynamics of classical self-organizing systems and synchronization in particular. His research fields are known as “nonlinear dynamics” and “network dynamics”, the former of which has also become widely known as “chaos theory”. Dirk Witthaut in contrast comes from the area of quantum physics. Only the intense collaboration of the two schools of thought in physics led to the discovery that classical synchronization in the quantum world has something to do with quantum mechanical entanglement. “It is often very difficult to fund and carry out such interdisciplinary projects in particular, because they cannot be assigned to any of the traditional disciplines,” says Timme. The success in Göttingen was only possible because the Max Planck Society supported this interdisciplinary research in the long term and as pure research without a predefined goal.
RW
After coming up with the technique, Mr. van der Meer helped lead the team that applied it using an accelerator at CERN called the Super Proton Synchrotron.
In 1983, CERN reported that proton-antiproton collisions in the synchroton had created particles known as W and Z bosons, key components of the so-called weak force.
The weak force is one of the four fundamental forces of the universe, the others being gravity, electromagnetism and the strong force, which holds atomic nuclei together.
The weak force is of no consequence at the scale of everyday objects. But for subatomic particles, it is a major influence. For instance, the weak force enables the sun to shine by allowing hydrogen atoms to fuse together, releasing heat and light. The W and Z bosons convey the weak force in much the same way photons — particles of light — convey electromagnetism.
The next year, Mr. van der Meer and his CERN colleague Carlo Rubbia, an Italian physicist, were awarded the physics Nobel for “their decisive contributions to the large project, which led to the discovery of the field particles W and Z, communicators of weak interaction.”
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
Simon van der Meer was born Nov. 24, 1925, in The Hague, the Netherlands. After graduating with an engineering degree from the University of Technology in Delft, he worked on high-voltage equipment for electron microscopes at Philips Research Laboratory in Eindhoven.
In 1956, he joined CERN, developing methods to corral and guide various particles.
Beginning in the 1960s, Mr. van der Meer and others started working on a technique called stochastic cooling, which measures charged particles as they pass by and then applies an electric field to nudge them in the desired direction.
In a statement, Rolf-Dieter Heuer, director general of CERN, and Stephen Myers, director of accelerators and technology at the laboratory, said stochastic cooling was typical of Mr. van der Meer's inventions: “deceptively simple at first sight, but to anyone who truly understands accelerators it was nothing less than a stroke of genius.”
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
For the weak force experiments, physicists needed high-speed collisions between a proton, a particle found in the nucleus of atoms, and its antimatter doppelganger, the antiproton.
Since protons exist in every atom, making beams of them is easy. But an antiproton is rare, and it annihilates the moment it touches a proton. Particle accelerators can create sprays of antiprotons with high-energy proton collisions, but the antiprotons fly out in different directions with not enough left for the experiments. With stochastic cooling, the spray of antiprotons could be shepherded into a tight beam.
The beam of antiprotons was then collided with a beam of protons traveling in the opposite direction. In the ensuing subatomic carnage, CERN physicists spotted clear signs of W and Z bosons.
Mr. van der Meer retired from CERN in 1990. He is survived by his wife of 44 years, Catherine van der Meer-Koopman; a daughter, Esther van der Meer; a son, Mathijs; a sister, Gay van der Meer; and a granddaughter.
Building on Mr. van der Meer's work, Fermilab added stochastic cooling to its more powerful Tevatron collider, leading to the discovery in 1994 of the top quark, the final piece of matter in the Standard Model.
“That was a key technology,” Dr. Marriner said. “We copied his ideas.”
Security experts say that Canadian intelligence has developed a powerful spying tool to scope out and target specific phones and computers so as to better set up hacking and bugging operations.
The outlines of the technology are contained in the slides of a PowerPoint presentation made to allied security agencies in June, 2012. Communications Security Establishment Canada (CSEC) called the tool "Olympia," showing how its analysts sifted through an immense amount of communications data and zeroed in on the phones and computer servers they determined merited attention – in the demonstration case, inside the Brazilian Ministry of Energy and Mines.
Within weeks, CSEC figured out who was talking to whom by plugging phone numbers and Internet protocol addresses into an array of intelligence databases. In this way it "developed a detailed map of the institution's communications," Paulo Pagliusi, a Brazilian security expert who examined the slides, told The Globe.
Story continues below advertisement
The slides are part of a large trove of documents that have been leaked by Edward Snowden, the former contractor with the U.S. National Security Agency (NSA) whose disclosures have set off a debate over whether the agency has improperly intruded on the privacy of Americans. Other disclosures have raised questions about its spying on foreign governments, sometimes with the assistance of allied intelligence agencies.
The Globe and Mail has collaborated with the Brazil-based American journalist Glenn Greenwald, based on information obtained from the Snowden documents. Mr. Snowden, who went into hiding in Hong Kong before the first cache of NSA documents was leaked, has been charged by the United States with espionage and theft of government property. Russia has granted him temporary sanctuary.
Canadian officials declined to comment on the slides. Responding to an e-mail requesting comment on whether Canada co-operated with its U.S. counterpart in tapping into Brazilian communications, CSEC spokesman Andy McLaughlin said the agency "cannot comment on its foreign intelligence activities or capabilities." Prime Minister Stephen Harper said earlier this month that he is "very concerned" about reports CSEC focused on the Brazil ministry.
Any ability to sift through telecommunications data for specific leads can be valuable for electronic-eavesdropping agencies, especially the capacity to map out – without necessarily listening into – an organization's Internet or voice communications. This, in turn, can help isolate specific devices for potential hacking operations. By developing "Olympia" as a method for doing just this, Canada added to its spymasters' toolkit.
The PowerPoint presentation by CSEC was first reported by Brazil's Fantastico TV program, which earlier reported the NSA spying, in conjunction with Mr. Greenwald. Brazilian officials expressed outrage at the United States, but their criticism of Canada was more fleeting. They say they now intend to put public employees on an encrypted e-mail system.
The CSEC presentation – titled Advanced Network Tradecraft – described a technological reconnaissance mission aimed at the Brazilian energy ministry in April and May of 2012. According to the presentation, the agency knew very little about the ministry going in, apart from its Internet domain name and a few associated phone numbers. The presentation never makes clear CSEC's intentions for targeting the Brazilian ministry.
The leaked slides also suggest Canada sought to partner with the NSA, with one-slide saying CSEC was "working with TAO to further examine the possibility" of a more aggressive operation to intercept Internet communications.
Story continues below advertisement
Story continues below advertisement
"TAO" refers to "tailored access operations," said Bruce Schneier, a privacy specialist for the Berkman Center for the Internet and Society at Harvard. "It's the NSA 'blackbag' people." (A "blackbag job" refers to a government-sanctioned break-and-enter operation – hacking in this case – to acquire intelligence.)
It is not clear whether CSEC or the NSA followed up with other actions involving the Brazilian ministry.
I've witnessed some sorry fucking sights in my life, but the display you just put on in front of that nursing home crowd was the most pathetic excuse for Christian-themed slapstick I've ever seen. Dropped lines, missed cues, and I don't know what you all thought you were doing during the Ten Commandments skit, but it sure as shit wasn't what we rehearsed.
Come on, are we just a bunch of assholes fucking around here? Or is this a clown ministry?
Advertisement
We've got standards to live up to. We're not just some dipshits in polka-dot overalls and fright wigs playing grab-ass. We're clown ministers—righteous Christians called to preach the word of the Gospels through costumes, props, and physical comedy.
Maybe you forgot, but when you put on those big floppy shoes and that Jesus-fish necktie, you're not just some grease-painted jerk-off standing there with your thumb in your ass. You are a messenger of our Lord and Savior. We're supposed to be saving souls here—using our comic antics to spread hope, faith, and Christian goodwill. Do you think we opened the audience's hearts one fucking iota to the everlasting love of Jesus with that huge stinking turd of a puppet show you just tried to pass off as the parable of the prodigal son?
Seriously, are you fuckwits here to share the good news of the Kingdom of Heaven through lighthearted hijinks and pantomime or to yank on your goddamn dicks?
Seriously, are you fuckwits here to share the good news of the Kingdom of Heaven through lighthearted hijinks and pantomime or to yank on your goddamn dicks?
Advertisement
Yeah, I'm talking to you, Father Rumplebottom. When you play Judas chasing Saint Glitterbug and Jingles the Penitent around the Last Supper table with a seltzer bottle, you're supposed to slip and fall on your 30 pieces of silver. That's the punchline to the whole bit, for crying out loud! The same goes for you, Blowflower T. Hezekiah. A fucking monkey could've made a better Immaculate Heart of Mary balloon sculpture than you did this afternoon. Oh, and by the way—just how exactly are we supposed to glorify God with our walls of Jericho tumbling routine when half of you shitheads forgot your trumpets in the van?
Do you think the greats, clown ministers like Faithful Bonko or ChooChoo the Prophet, ever phoned it in like that? No. When they were supposed to teach a Sunday school class the story of Noah's Ark, they got out there and started pulling stuffed animals out of their sleeves, two of each kind, in an endless chain, until they had the attention of every kid in that audience. You can't just throw on a red nose and an oversized crucifix necklace and expect a group of recovering alcoholics or terminally ill children to invite the Holy Spirit into their hearts right then and there—especially not when you're out there pissing around like a gaggle of bumbling dildos like you were today.
Most of the seniors in that rec room had nodded off by the time we got to Humble Doink's burning bush ventriloquism act, and with the god-awful snoozefest you just put on, I can't say I blame them.
Advertisement
Look, it's up to you. If you'd rather sit around and wank each other off than spread the wisdom of the Lord, that's fine—just go do it somewhere else. For any of you who are ready to start taking God's mission seriously, chalice-juggling practice is this Saturday.
I don't plot. I don't outline. I don't even do character sketches. I know, I know … I've tried, I really have. Every time I try, I freeze and lose the spark for the story.
Here's the irony, I'm a planner—not just any planner--a neurotically compulsive planner. I've never met a project, a trip, a day that I didn't plan to the last detail. Seriously. Weeks are mapped out in my dateplanner. Days are detailed on insert sheets within the weekly plan. I even have a task list on my iPhone. Each new project starts life as a shiny Gantt chart. My brain is always two steps ahead, calculating how to go from here to there, anticipating roadblocks and thinking through potential detours.
You'd think my compulsion to plan would lead to careful plotting of stories. But nooooo. Sigh.
A story idea will come at me—sometimes it's a title, sometimes an event, sometimes an object—then bounce around, collecting more details like a dust bunny grabbing at every strand of hair in the living room until it's fully formed and ready to move out on its own.
But unlike the carefully calculated project plan (I can tell you within a day or three how long each draft will take) the brainstorming and writing process need more freedom.
Say hello to my good friend, Mind Mapping.
Mind mapping is a thinking tool that goes with the flow of the thought process rather than forcing those thoughts into a linear order. It's creative and visual and perfect for brains that have a tendency toward the squirrel story threads. I heard it once described as “the little Swiss-army knife for the brain.” That was all I needed!
There are plenty of mind mapping software options to choose from (some paid, some free, depending on the features you want) or you can freehand with different colored markers and a large sheet of paper (or white board). Whatever works best for you.
I've tried the marker and paper and software before. For one of my picture books, I used crayons and poster board—man that was fun! But for my women's fiction, I prefer software that's easy to drag and drop and move and tweak.
Here are a couple of pointers that have worked for this non-linear thinker.
Brain dump.
The idea behind a mind mapping session is not to detail the story plan but to empty your brain of details for the story. Order doesn't matter. Whatever comes to mind, whenever it comes to mind, put it down. Link it to other ideas or details as the connections become clear.
For example, in my WIP, my main character receives a letter from someone in her past that awakens a secret she's tried to forget for over 20 years. The first thing I put down was “secret.” From there, I let my mind loose. Obviously the secret affects her, so she gets a bubble. But there's the person who sent her the letter, the person who wrote the letter (he's dead, by the way), her job, the friends who were affected by the secret back in the day, her parents, a rescue dog, one of the kids she works with, her husband.
Next, I looked at each of the bubbles and added to those. What about the secret will affect her job? Why does she suddenly feel the need to look for an old high school friend she hasn't spoken to since graduation? Why would she adopt a dog suddenly?
At this stage, the items you jot down don't need to have clear lines to others but they do need to inspire parts of the story. As you start digging a bit deeper into each one, you'll discover how each relates to the other pieces. And you'll add additional twigs to each new branch of your map.
Don't tie yourself to one way of doing your map. Maybe you start with individual words or a couple of words. For example, maybe there's an anecdote between two characters that jumped to mind or a description of an object or place. Put those down as they came to you, don't try to force them into the one or three word bubbles to match the others. Everything is fair game!
The more the merrier.
When you create an outline for your story, you have one outline. Mind mapping doesn't have to be just one map per story. You're not trying to organize your thoughts, you're releasing them. If one bubble sparks an a-ha moment, give if it's own map. See where it takes you.
For my WIP, I currently have four maps—the main one I started with, one for my main character (this is where I've captured things I know about her, details that bring her to life for me), one for her job/career, and another for her senior year in high school (20-some years ago). Each time I open a new page and let my mind run free with the possibilities, I see new story paths and details.
Think of mind mapping as the hot air balloon vision for your story. It takes you out of the forest of details and puts you up high above the treetops, to see the whole of the wooded space and all the cute little story squirrels scampering around in there.
Interestingly enough, I'm a linear writer. I have to start at the beginning and work through to the end of the story. I never fully know the end until I get there. With mind mapping, I get the big picture idea for my story, I have random details and an understanding for how each fits with the others—I have the map to guide me through the forest. I may still veer off a path in pursuit of another squirrel, but I know that to get to the end of my trek, I'll have to get back on the main path.
If you're not a plotter, not a linear thinker, give mind mapping a shot. It's an organic, visual thought process that appeals to right brainers. Most mind mapping software have the ability to turn the visual brainstorming into a linear outline. That's a bonus if you need to turn in an outline (or expand it into a synopsis) to your agent or editor.
I'd love to hear from pantsers and plotters how you approach the brainstorming process. Are you a linear thinker or a visual thinker? What tools or processes help you capture your ideas?
About Orly
After years of pushing the creativity boundary in corporate communications, Orly decided it was time for a new challenge. Three women's fiction manuscripts later (plus a handful of picture books), it's safe to say she's found her creative outlet. When she's not talking to her imaginary friends, she's reading or at least trying to ignore everyone around her long enough to finish “just one more paragraph.” Orly is the founding president of the Women's Fiction Writers Association.
You can find her on Twitter at @OrlyKonigLopez or on her website, www.orlykoniglopez.com.
Share this...
Pinterest Linkedin
An angry Italy summoned Austria's ambassador after the government in Vienna announced it was ready to re-introduce border controls and deploy troops and armored vehicles along the border to block any migrant influx out of Italy. Austrian Defence Minister Hans Peter Doskozil told Kronen Zeitung daily that troops could go to the Brenner Pass and that four Pandur armoured personnel carriers had been sent to the Tyrol region with 750 troops were on standby.
“We need to prepare for the migration development in Italy, and I expect very promptly that border controls will have to be activated and assistance requested,” Hans Peter Doskozil told the online edition of the Krone daily, adding that a military deployment at the busy Alpine pass would be "indispensable if the influx into Italy [across the Mediterranean] does not diminish". While Austria has border checks with Hungary and Slovenia, elsewhere - such as on the border with Italy - it adheres to the EU open borders system.
Doskozil explained that “these are not battle tanks. These are armored vehicles without weapons which could block roads. These were already used during the refugee crisis of 2015/16 at the Spielfeld border crossing [with Slovenia],” just in case Italy got the impression that its northern neighbor was preparing to invade.
The Austrian border check point at Brenner.
The border controls will include the Alpine Brenner pass, which forms the border between Austria and Italy, one of the main mountain passes in the eastern Alps. There isn't a strict time plan for the step-up in border security, but, according to Doskozil's spokesman, “we see how the situation in Italy is becoming more acute and we have to be prepared to avoid a situation comparable to summer 2015” according to Reuters.
Austrian Foreign Minister Sebastian Kurz said that Vienna is prepared to "protect" the frontier with Italy "if necessary," as he spoke with the Austria Press Agency. Later Italy's foreign ministry said it had summoned Austrian Ambassador Rene Pollitzer "following the Austrian government's statement about deploying troops to the Brenner (pass)".
The latest turmoil inside Europe's customs union comes two years after Germany admitted over a million mostly Syrian migrants, as part of Angela Merkel's "Open Door" (since shut) welcome, and just days after Italy's interior minister demanded other EU nations "step up" and relieve Italy of the sudden flood of inbound migrants.
The Italian governor of South Tyrol, Arno Kompatscher, sought to defuse tensions. According to BBC, he said Austria had issued similar warnings about the border previously, and the situation there remained "quiet and stable". Austria was gearing up for a general election in October, Mr Kompatscher noted. The anti-immigration Austrian Freedom Party (FPÖ) is expected to poll strongly.
People-smuggling gangs have been exploiting the violence and chaos in Libya. The shortest crossing from Libya to Italy is only about 460km (290 miles). Nearly 85,000 migrants and refugees arrived in Italy in the first half of this year, across the Mediterranean. The UN refugee agency UNHCR says that is about 20% more than in the first half of 2016.
To be sure, the UN joined Italy's appeal, with Vincent Cochetel, the UNHCR'S special envoy for the central Mediterranean, saying that “this is not sustainable. We need to have other countries joining Italy and sharing that responsibility." So far, nobody in the European "Union" has stepped up to "share the responsibility" of Europe's generous refugee acceptance program.
The latest report by the UNHCR, revealed another troubling statistics: few of the migrants coming to Europe will grant asylum: 30% of them are fleeing conflict or persecution, while 70% of those arriving in Italy are economic migrants. Most migrants and refugees are young, single men with little or no education, and almost 15% are unaccompanied minors.
Meanwhile, Italy has also warned that the current scale of migrant arrivals is unsustainable and that it could even close its ports and impound aid agencies' rescue ships. In other words, yet another refugee crisis in Europe is imminent.
It will be the second time this has happened in two years. In 2015, the EU's Schengen system, or the free movement across most European borders, was overwhelmed by an influx of migrants and refugees, whoe reached Central Europe via the Balkans, and most sought asylum in Germany. Since then, tighter border controls in the Balkans have reduced the numbers heading north from Greece. Most of the influx to Austria was via Hungary. Many of those who came by train or on foot were refugees from Syria, Iraq and other conflict zones.
So far 101,000 migrants have entered Europe in 2017 via the Mediterranean and according to the latest figures, 2,247 people have died or are missing at sea.
dana dooley designs (d3) is the brain-child of 24-year-old dana dooley -- couldn't have guessed that, right? i've been crocheting since i was six, a craft i learned (and continue to learn) from my grandma. it is so absolutely amazing what hands+hook can produce, and i always push myself to try something new. i find simple joy in creative color combinations and experimenting with new stitches, and i never make the same project twice! after successfully selling my work via other venues, i thought to take the action to the internet!
the work i sell through d3 is 100% designed, crafted, finished, and adored by me. if you desire a design in different colors, size, intricacy, (not) lined, whatever... just send me an custom-order request, and i will try my best to craft you your very own design by dana!
d3 is based in sacramento, ca, and is indebted to the moral support provided by future hubby jimmy, and to the lap warmth/yarn selection skillz of babycat minions link and ganon.
please contact me either through etsy or e-mail (danadooleydesigns@gmail.com) if you have any questions/concerns/praise/qualms. i take care to be very prompt and thorough in my reply.
Accepted payment methods
Michigan's unofficial presidential election results were fully reported as of Nov. 9, but some news outlets still haven't called the state in favor of Republican Donald Trump.
Unofficial results from the Michigan Secretary of State's office show Trump ahead by a little more than 13,000 votes. Some national news outlets, including the Associated Press, have not yet called the state for Trump because the margin over Democrat Hillary Clinton was so slim.
Trump wins Michigan by 13,225 votes, tentative results show Donald Trump won Michigan by 13,225 votes with all 83 counties reporting.
The Secretary of State doesn't "call" elections, but officials say the unofficial results are unlikely to shift substantially when they're officially certified later this month.
All of Michigan's 83 counties have until Nov. 22 to verify the election results, and the state Board of Canvassers will meet Nov. 28 to make it official.
Although it's possible minor vote shifts could occur if mistakes are discovered during the canvassing process, it's unlikely to change the final result, Secretary of State spokesperson Fred Woodhams said.
"We have no reason to think that Trump's lead over Clinton will be reversed," he said.
See how voter turnout changed in every Michigan county from 2012 to 2016 In the 2016 presidential election, Michigan's status as a historically Democratic state changed in dramatic fashion.
Michigan law allows for an automatic recount if the election is found to be closer than 2,000 votes, Woodhams said.
"We recognize that it's close, but we're confident in the system that we have in place," he said.
Clinton had led the polls in Michigan throughout the campaign, but they narrowed significantly in the closing days and the Michigan Republican Party were predicting a potential win here. Trump and Clinton and their surrogates held multiple rallies in Michigan in recent days.
President Barack Obama won Michigan by 9.5 percentage points in 2012.
Essential is slashing the price of its eponymous phone, down to $499 at its website. That's a $200 price cut from the original $699 price, less than two months after it began shipping to customers. There is really no other way to read the move except as a signal that it wasn't selling well at $699 — especially given that the only US carrier stores it's available in have “Sprint” above the door. It certainly doesn't help that it now has to face the Pixel 2 and Pixel 2 XL head-to-head.
Of course, that's not how Essential sees it, saying that the price drop is there in lieu of “a massive TV campaign to capture your attention,” which is hard not to see as a wry Google and Apple dig. “We think making it easier for people to get their hands on our first products is a better way to get to know us,” the company's blog post adds.
An aggressive price cut
It's common for Android phone prices to go down over time, but this is an aggressive price drop both in its timing and its amount. To help salve the burn that customers who paid the full price might be feeling, the company is offering a $200 Essential Store “friends & family code” to be used towards the purchase of another phone or a module. The only module available thus far, of course, is the 360 camera.
In the time since Essential released the phone, it has made good on its promise to release software updates to improve camera performance — though it's neither as fast nor as good as what you'll get on a Galaxy S8 or Pixel 2. Depending on how you feel about the camera's importance, $499 is either a steal or the appropriate price for this phone.
Vice News recently profiled Alex Jones and examined the radio host and documentary filmmaker's growing prominence in the era of Donald Trump.
“Throughout his 20 plus year career in broadcasting, Alex Jones has transformed from a local celebrity with a public access cable show to the undisputed king of alternative media,” the report states.
“His YouTube channel has racked up well over a billion views. That's 10 times as many as NBC News's YouTube channel.”
Alex explains in the interview why Infowars has become even more popular in the wake of the 2016 presidential election.
“The mainstream media just ignored and ignored and ignored, laughing at flyover country,” Jones says. “The truth is we'd already taken the nation back psychologically many, many years ago.”
Also, watch: ‘Alex Jones Responds To Vice Hit Piece'
884613c1d11cd0c0bff093017a42b55f (most recent first)
Auto mode will automatically cycle through 10* random QR codes so you don't have to lift a finger! Just set the delay below and hit Go to begin second delay * Why 10? Well if people just kept it running after leaving their computer, that's a lot of server resources going to waste. Plus, the recent list tracks only your last 10 anyway so if you do need to go back to a good find, it'll be in that list.
This generates randomized QR codes for scanning into the LootTheWorld app for Borderlands 2. To get a new code, simply use the browser's reload page function or click on the QR code If you find a nice code, you can "decorate" it by assigning rarity color and titling your find! Click the decorate link! You can save the QR code image (with decorations!) as an image via right-click → Save as Don't forget to share your good finds! Like to contact me? Email hellfroze@gmail.com
Tip me in dogecoin if you like using this site!:
Wallet: DKg2J8moKg5GzUVSWNJHVajmTwSPRCXGDR
(don't bother scanning, it's a white lvl 69 grim rifle) Interested in learning about dogecoin?
Title of Item: eg Lvl 50 Inspiring Presence (SMG)
Color of Item:
green
blue
purple
etech
orange
pearl
(this code has been viewed 415 times)
Quiz: Iranian Leaders -- Past And Present Start the quiz to find out! Start Quiz
The decision by Iran's powerful Guardians Council to bar former President Akbar Hashemi Rafsanjani from running in next month's presidential election paves the way for the country's establishment to bring a loyalist to power.It also deals another blow to the credibility of the June 14 poll, analysts say.With his potential appeal to both reformists and conservatives, Rafsanjani was considered a major challenge to the establishment's plans to hold a "peaceful" election and replace the unruly President Mahmud Ahmadinejad with an obedient, hard-line figure loyal to Supreme Leader Ali Khamenei.Hard-liners had attacked the 78-year-old Rafsanjani over his age and past support for the opposition Green Movement, and had called on the Guardians Council to disqualify him.His elimination, analysts say, is another indication of the increasingly authoritarian nature of the Islamic republic, where the circle of power has been steadily shrinking.The pragmatic Rafsanjani has spent decades as one of the country's key figures and held some of its top posts. He currently heads the Expediency Council, which mediates between the parliament and the Guardians Council.Nevertheless his positions on many issues that have not been in line with the establishment are seen as a threat, according to Alireza Nader, a senior analyst at the Rand Corporation."The Guardians Council's decision does show that Rafsanjani, who is considered to be a pillar of the revolution in Iran and a founder of the Islamic republic, faces a lot of opposition from within the political system. It also indicates how authoritarian and closed the Islamic republic has become as a political system -- so much so that Rafsanjani, one of the key figures, is not allowed to run for president," Nader explained.New York-based Iranian journalist Roozbeh Mirebrahimi believes the banning of Rafsanjani from the June 14 vote marks a turning point for the Islamic republic."I think this is the most significant elimination, conducted by Khamenei's team, of the current that support the thoughts of the founder of the Islamic republic, Ayatollah Khomeini. Even if the decision is overturned [through an intervention by Khamenei], the fact that this was allowed to happen demonstrates that Khamenei cannot tolerate even someone like Rafsanjani," Mirebrahimi said.While the decision to ban Rafsanjani came as something of a surprise, the decision to ban Ahmadinejad's right-hand man, Esfandiar Rahim Mashaei, was widely expected.Mashaei, who has been accused of undermining the clergy, was quoted by the semiofficial hard-line news agency Fars as saying that he will appeal to Khamenei.Rafsanjani did not have an immediate reaction to the Guardians Council's decision.His elimination will disappoint many Iranians who considered him the only acceptable option in next month's vote.Mehrzad Boroujerdi, director of Middle East studies at Syracuse University, says the decision to disqualify Rafsanjani is likely to deepen the gap between the establishment and parts of the population."It could lead to an increasing alienation of some parts of the society from the regime, more than the past. Those who came to the streets four years ago were met by force, and now they will feel that there is no likable candidate for them to vote for. I think we will witness a political dissociation between these segments of the society and the establishment," Boroujerdi predicted.Ahead of the Interior Ministry's announcement on May 21 of its list of approved candidates, parliament member Ali Motahari warned that excluding Rafsanjani would bring the very principles of the Islamic establishment into question.And Ayatollah Haeri Shirazi, a member of the Assembly of Experts, warned in an open letter to Khamenei that the disqualification of “prominent” figures would damage the vote.Boroujerdi says the Iranian establishment apparently decided that the fallout from banning Rafsanjani would be less costly than letting him compete in the election."In politics, any decision comes with a price. The coming of Rafsanjani would have had a price, and his disqualification also brings problems; [the authorities] had to weigh and see, with regard to their long term interests, which price they were willing to pay," Boroujerdi explained.The Guardians Council approved a total of eight candidates for next month's presidential poll, with nuclear negotiator Said Jalili considered one of the leading contenders.Two moderate figures were also allowed to run: former nuclear negotiator Hassan Rohani, who is close to Rafsanjani, and former Vice President Mohammad Reza Aref, who held his post under former reformist President Mohammad Khatami.
Your browser does not support HTML5 video tag.Click here to view original GIF
Look at this shit. This shit sucks.
The NBA playoffs have been pretty good so far. Giannis is turning into a postseason destroyer, John Wall is the best show on TV, and the Thunder and Rockets have given us a truly amazing combination of exhilarating and awful play. I'm entertained! The basketball has been good.
Advertisement
Except, of course, for all the damn fouls on three-point attempts. James Harden has been fouled behind the three-point line eight times in the four games he's played this series, and a few of those fouls came from the particularly nasty trick you see in the GIF above. All series, Harden has been throwing his arms into defenders who are trying to hedge or go over screens and drawing cheap fouls.
This is crap!
Your browser does not support HTML5 video tag.Click here to view original GIF
Advertisement
Big-time crap!
Your browser does not support HTML5 video tag.Click here to view original GIF
There are a couple of things that are frustrating about this, one of them being the fact that defenders are suddenly being punished for having limbs and playing defense the way they've been taught to since they were six years old. But also, the NBA was supposed to have snuffed out this cynical style of play years ago.
Advertisement
Remember when Kevin Durant used to steal oodles of points with his “rip-through” move, in which he would swing the ball up into a defender's outstretched arm and force a foul call? The league changed the rules in order to stop rewarding that play way back in 2011, and yet here is Harden getting away with essentially the same thing in 2017. He seems to be benefitting from the fact that his move doesn't look like the one Durant used to do—Durant baited guys in 1-on-1 situations—but the spirit of what he's doing is the same. Harden has essentially discovered a loophole to the new rip-through rule, and the referees haven't been smart enough to avoid rewarding him for it.
It's not fair to just point out Harden, either. Perhaps inspired by his tricks, it seems like many players are going out of their way to draw cheap fouls during these playoffs. Russell Westbrook has gotten in on the act himself a few times, victimizing Lou Williams on both occasions.
Your browser does not support HTML5 video tag.Click here to view original GIF
Advertisement
Chris Paul went for the old-school rip-through late in last night's game against the Jazz, and Victor Oladipo did the same thing (but didn't get the call) at a critical moment against the Rockets.
Some examples of this tactic are certainly more egregious than others, but I think we can all agree that this shit is lame as hell and should no longer be rewarded.
A NEW law will come to the rescue of women who have run out of birth control pills when they are a long way from their doctor but feeling close to the man in their life.
Women caught short will be able to get resupplied by a pharmacist without needing a doctor's prescription under legislation passed by the Senate today.
The same will go for people who need anti-cholesterol drugs to keep going, but have run out of stocks, according to the National Health (Fifth Community Pharmacy Agreement) Bill.
Health Minister Tanya Plibersek said the new laws will mean “patients will not have to risk missing their medication if they're unable to see a doctor when their pills run out”.
Provisions already exist allowing chemists to dispense emergency supplies of a necessary drug, but in these cases the drugs without prescriptions do not attract the subsidy from the Pharmaceutical Benefits Scheme, which can make them expensive.
Under this law, the two types of drug issued in an emergency will get the PBS subsidy. Other medicines might be added to the list later.
To be specific, the laws will cover oral hormonal contraceptives for systemic use in the prevention of pregnancy, and lipid modifying agents, or statins, for the treatment of high cholesterol.
Ms Plibersek said the legislation ensured there could be uninterrupted access to birth control pills and high cholesterol medication, known as statins, two of the most commonly prescribed medications in Australia.
In 2010-11, Australian cholesterol fighters filled 22 million prescriptions for statins, helped by $1.1 billion in Pharmaceutical Benefits Scheme (PBS) subsidies.
Plus, women gave pharmacists 590,000 prescriptions for the pill helped by $7 million in subsidies.
However, there will be conditions to the sale of the non-prescription drugs, which include:
* There will have to be an immediate and ongoing need for supply of the medicine to facilitate continuity of therapy, and the patient cannot get to a prescriber in time to get a valid prescription;
* The medicine has been previously prescribed for the person, and there has been prior clinical review by the prescriber that supports continuation of the medicine;
* The medicine is safe and appropriate for that consumer;
* The pharmacist provides written communication to the most recent prescriber advising of the supply of the medicine to the consumer within 24 hours.
When a nation-state has a rather nasty running drug war (that is way more than just a metaphorical drug war), headlines tend to be dominated by all kinds of rough incidents, usually involving murder, beheadings, and other nightmare-inducing stuff. But don't slag off Mexico. It only looks terrible because people keep talking about how it's terrible.
Mexico might well have ruled supreme
In 1846-48, the decisive war for control of North America was waged. The United States won, doubled its land size and, at a stroke, halved its nearest rival's territory. Up until this point, a race was on to see who would be the continent's hegemon. Both Mexico and the United States were growing, industrializing, and had the potential to dominate all of North America and hence the Western Hemisphere. But in the 1846-48 war, superior American military leadership managed to capture the Mexican capital and overran Mexico's sparsely populated northern frontier. What would history have been like if General Wilfred Scott's Mexico City invasion had failed? Possibly, with control of both coasts, it could well have been Mexico, and not the United States, that would rise to superpower status in the 20th century.
Power comes from geography, demography, and resources
And Mexico still has all three in spades. In 1846, the U.S. and Mexico were about evenly matched, except that Mexico had access to both the Pacific and Atlantic Oceans and the U.S. did not. From an economic perspective, this gave Mexican merchants an advantage in transportation costs. Over time, that could have led to Mexico edging out the U.S. in growth to the point where Mexico could have dominated the U.S. militarily and economically, not the other way around.
The vast reaches of the western territories had the potential to swing matters permanently into America's favor. Imperialists knew as much – not only would they secure the Pacific Coast for American shipping, but they'd gain all the resources, including timber and minerals, locked up in the Rockies and Cascades, which would fuel the industrial revolution occurring back east. Such territory didn't need to be developed immediately to be an advantage; simply knowing it could be later on improved America's chances.
Additionally, the empty spaces of California would provide a decisive demographic advantage, as California could be turned into a breadbasket that could feed surging waves of immigration. It's no accident that America's most populous state today is California with the largest GDP in the country. Imagine if Mexico had that edge.
But despite this, Mexico still has the potential to be the most powerful state in Latin America
The only other state that rivals is Brazil, but Brazil is hampered by geographic disadvantages, the first being the lack of two coasts. Mexico can always transport goods to both Europe and Asia cheaper than Brazil. Moreover, Brazil's territory is still occupied by the Amazon rainforest, which forces Brazil's population to crowd into slums along its coasts, forcing the Brazilian state to spend more resources than it would like on urban management rather than further development.
Thanks to all these factors, Mexico's military is the second largest in Latin America – right behind Brazil which, with its recent history of military dictatorship and traditional rivalry with Argentina, has kept an ample force. But to extend Brazil's power into the Pacific is more expensive and requires greater diplomatic effort. Pacific bases must be secured somewhere on South America's west coast, something Brazil has yet to do. Mexico has no need; should it ever desire a larger Pacific force, it needs only find the appropriate port.
Mexico is also unhindered by long land borders with potentially hostile neighbors. The United States northward has zero interest in further expansion, but forces within Argentina, Bolivia, Venezuela, Peru, and Colombia may all agitate matters in Brazil itself, forcing it to spend more resources on securing those remote borders. As Brazil develops, these many borders will start to look more and more like a liability.
Mexico also has quick and easy access to the world's largest economy – a dream of many a middle income country.
Powerful on its own, but standing next to giants can make anyone feel small
Part of the reason Mexico has never developed a large army or navy capable of spreading influence across the Caribbean and Pacific is because its elite know such a thing will be seen as direct challenge to the U.S. The last time Mexico competed, it lost – and Mexico can afford neither a hot nor cold war with the superpower. This has kept Mexican power unrealistically limited and makes it appear weaker than it actually is. Mexico can't currently stand up to the U.S., but should something happen to American power – like, say, a sudden push for isolationism – it would be Mexico that would be the first to expand into the security gap.
Democratization is having a really positive effect for Mexico, as well
During the Cold War, the U.S. preferred a stable, predictable Mexican government, one that had no potential to fall to the communists (and what a coup that would have been). Mexican elites, wary of yet another U.S. invasion, consolidated power into the Institutional Revolutionary Party (or PRI, using its Spanish name) and ensured every election was rigged in their favor. This kept the U.S. out and reinforced a Mexican political culture based on cauldillos – “big men” who created vast patronage networks and functioned like semi-feudal lords.
But ten years after the Cold War ended and the communists ceased to be a threat, Mexico held its first-ever properly democratic election. The result has been, with each successive electoral cycle, a steady elimination of the corruption and inefficiency that bogged Mexican growth in the 20th century. The Cartel Wars are a symptom of this, as cartels, once part of the PRI's electoral machinery, are useless in the now-legitimate political contests. The state could not have turned on them in the 1980s because the cartels often provided the foot soldiers of the PRI's stranglehold on power. But it is now increasingly educated, democratically-appointed bureaucrats accountable to their voters who abhor the cartel's violence that are the cogs in the state's machine. As a result, Mexico's economy is enjoying still strong-growth – a result of the pent-up power within.
The cartels are no threat to the Mexican nation
Unlike security breakdowns in other countries, the cartels are not a symptom of forces that could destroy the Mexican nation itself. They are extraordinarily powerful criminal groups, but that's all. None of them have political or social programs capable of replacing the Mexican state. None of them even have designs to do so; all they can manage is to slow down Mexico's growth and take a great deal of innocent people down with them. On a long enough timeline, they will be suppressed and reduced to the same kind of underground status American gangs have. That will take time and lives, but nobody should kid themselves into believing these gangs can take on the full power of the Mexican military.
Mexico's future will be, as always, tied up in America's
Mexico will undoubtedly turn into a great power by the end of the 21st century. It's relationship with the United States will be a deciding factor in how peaceful that rise is. America by the middle point of the century will have a huge number of Mexican-Americans, especially concentrated in the southwest. Will America do what it's always done and successfully integrate these people into a new national culture? Or will it go down the ineffective and self-defeating path of bigotry, exclusion, and alienation which has always tempted it?
If the former, the U.S. and Mexico will deepen their ties, perhaps going so far as to create a currency and customs union as Mexico's wealth starts to come on par with America's. The U.S. will likely keep ensuring security for both, but Mexican forces might end up being integrated into a North American NATO – and being so close, Mexico might one day enjoy a “special relationship” with the U.S. that see its forces deployed in pursuit of the American-led global order.
If the latter, Mexico and America will face conflict, unrest, and perhaps even war, as Mexican-Americans in the U.S. agitate for their rights and a rising Mexico employs its new powers to support them. A second Mexican-American war is not out of the cards, for even if Mexico loses militarily it might still win a political concession if it enjoys world support. Moreover, Mexico could become an ally of any American rival – a nightmare for American strategists. Either way, Mexico's 21st century will be dependent on how America views it – and if Americans can handle the idea of a wealthy Mexico coming alongside them.
North America is about to get a whole lot more complicated
And the U.S. won't be able to dominate the continent as readily as it could before. The hinge will be how the U.S. manages Mexico's rise.
Advertisements
Additionally, the law eliminates the weaponry that bullfighters use in the ring. Prohibited from injuring the animals in any capacity, they are only permitted to use the capote and the muleta (traditional colored capes) to create a theatrical display for the audience.
Under the law, participating bulls will have to be examined to ensure their physical and psychological well-being
Under the new rules, bullfights can only be held in permanent arenas and the participating animals have to be at least four years old and certified by veterinarian examinations before and after the fight to verify their “physical and psychological well-being.” Both bulls and bullfighters will also be forced to undergo drug tests.
The law sets new regulations for the mandatory on-site medical facilities, as well as regulations on breeders to ensure that they treat and transfer the bulls in a humane manner. New rules will also prohibit minors under the age of 18 from attending (previously the minimum age was 16) in addition to prohibiting the sale of alcohol on the premises of fights.
Bullfighting was declared part of Spain's cultural heritage in national laws introduced in 2013 and 2015 by the conservative Popular Party (PP) government of Mariano Rajoy, but remains highly controversial.
In 2010, the northeastern region of Catalonia banned the practice but in 2016 Spain's Constitutional Court overturned the prohibition citing these heritage laws.
English version by Henry Hahn.
Recently, Sony gave a preview of its third quarter earnings that set the stage for a grim set of final figures. Those figures were released Thursday, on the same day that Nintendo unveiled the results of its sales during the third quarter. Although both companies are facing the same problems when it comes to general economic conditions, Nintendo seems set to stay in the black regardless, and it's worth taking a look at why.
The most fundamental problem that both companies face is that much of their income comes from overseas sales, and the Yen has strengthened considerably against many currencies as people flock to its relative stability. That means that all of the overseas revenue is diluted in value when it's converted to Yen on its return to the company.
Sony: trouble in diversity
This can be clearly seen in Sony's financial statement, which broke out the company's electronics operations revenue in detail. From having over �200 billion in revenue (currently about $2.2 billion) in the Q3 of 2007, the division slid to a loss of �16 billion. Nearly half of that drop, �94 billion, came from the exchange rate alone. Nintendo took a hit from the foreign exchange problem as well, but nothing nearly that severe. The company isn't breaking out quarterly figures, but is instead giving combined numbers for the first nine months of its current fiscal year. During that time, the damage from the foreign exchange rate has eaten into its profits, but only to the tune of an 18 percent year-over-year drop.
Part of Sony's problem is its diversity. For the most part, its different electronics offerings aren't mutually supportive—owning a Vaio PC doesn't seem to make anyone more likely to buy a Bravia TV or a PS3. As such, sales of nearly everything plummeted. This was especially true of its mobile phone affiliate, Sony Ericsson, which made a big contribution to the �45 billion lost by the electronics division.
The game division, all things considered, did moderately well for Sony. Sales dropped by about a third year-over-year, but the group managed to stay above water, bringing in a profit of �400 million. That's a big (97 percent) drop year-over-year, but Sony calculated how that figure would look if the Yen's value were pegged at where it started the fiscal year, and found it would actually be up by over 150 percent.
That sounds great, at least until you look at the numbers, which suggest that most of this boost comes from changes in margins and PS3 software sales, as sales of everything else were down. The flagship PS3 was down nine percent year-over-year, the PSP dropped slightly more, while the PS2 was clearly slouching towards end-of-life territory, with sales plunging by over half. Its software sales followed it with a similar plunge, and PSP software sales were in line with its drop, as well. The only win? PS3 software sales, which rose by over 50 percent.
Nintendo: strength in focus
Nintendo, as we mentioned, only provides its results in terms of the total of the fiscal year, of which the holiday season constituted the third quarter. Some quick math with the previous quarter's results, however, yield some pretty impressive numbers. Net sales were �700 billion, yielding a profit of �68 billion, or about $750 million. It's not all good news, though—as of its last quarterly report, net income was running about �10 billion ahead of the previous year; now they're running about �45 billion behind, even though operating income is up substantially.
In terms of actual hardware, the DS moved just shy of 12 million units over the holidays, while the Wii picked up another 10.4 million in sales. That leaves the Wii comfortably ahead of where it was this time last year, and just shy of having 45 million units sold in its lifetime. That huge installed base is driving software sales. With three fiscal quarters down, software sales were nearly double what they were at this point last year, and over 82 million units of software were sold in the holiday quarter. All told, software sales accounted for about �250 billion in revenue.
It's clear that Nintendo has guessed right in designing a console that can appeal to the mass market, one that it acknowledges in its earnings statement: "Nintendo will continue to pursue expansion of the gaming audience and provide products that offer unique entertainment that puts smiles on the faces of people of all ages and genders." Its focus on that market has helped it avoid having its success in gaming diluted by the broad losses in many divisions that are plaguing Sony, despite the fact that both companies are facing a similar economic problem.
Ukrainian soldiers' elation about receiving military kit from the Pentagon has reportedly been short-lived. Some of the supplied Humvee vehicles probably witnessed the Desert Storm operation in 1991, the Washington Post found out.
The paper checked serial numbers on some of the vehicles and it appeared that they date from late 1980s and early 1990s. In fact, some of them are truly exotic, being equipped with doors and windows made of plastic. They may be convenient when you drive in the desert sand under scorching sun, but Ukraine has real winter time, with snow and temperatures well below zero Celsius.
Another problem with the Ukrainian Humvees is their tires. They are old and crumble, very likely because they have spent a lot of time at some military facility. The tires are also hard to find in Ukraine, and are pricey. At $1,000 per tire, the price tag is leaving Humvees stranded.
Read more
It was earlier reported by Ukraine's autoconsulting.com.ua website that Pentagon-supplied Humvees were powered with truly American 6.2-6.5 liter engines, powerful yet fuel-thirsty. These engines consume about 20 liters per 100 kilometers, which – while being small potatoes for the Pentagon – is a big deal for Kiev's chronically underfunded troops.
The Washington Post cited Pentagon spokesman Lieut. Col. Joe Sowers, who said in an e-mail that the US continues sending equipment and training Kiev's troops “to help Ukraine better monitor and secure its border, operate more safely and effectively, and preserve and enforce its territorial integrity.”
Ukrainian servicemen, on condition of anonymity, expressed their dissatisfaction with the American equipment they are receiving.
“If the Americans are going to send us equipment, don't send us secondhand stuff,” a Ukrainian special forces commander told the Post.
An anonymous American official explained the low quality of American military aid with Washington's haste to help and a lack of funding.
“We wanted to get things there as fast as possible and we had no money appropriated for this crisis,” the official told the Post.
Another 100 Humvees of “similar vintage” have been authorized for delivery to Ukraine as part of the US military's program for transferring extra equipment “as is” to its allies.
An unnamed Pentagon official admitted to the Post that this means “the stuff that's sitting around somewhere that no service can use.
“In some cases Humvees might be provided … for spare parts. They're not good enough to drive, but you can tear them apart and cannibalize [them],” the official said.
GeForce GTX 1070 AERO 8G OC Graphics Card is rated 4.3 out of 5 by 15 .
Rated 5 out of 5 by reibureibu from Great price for the 1070 I've had this card for about a month now, and it's been a beast of a card. My monitor is the Asus VG248QE 24-inch (1920x1080, 144hz) and I've been playing Overwatch on ultra settings at 120fps, Witcher 3 on high/ultra at 80fps, Fallout 4 at ultra (no mods) at above 144fps, and fully-modded Fallout 3/NV at 60fps (these two games aren't built to go above 60). I've gotten to overclocking it with MSI Afterburner to see how it fares, and it does decently - I've managed to squeeze out about an extra 20fps in Overwatch and 10fps for Witcher 3. However I don't think this card is really meant to be overclocked more than a bit, which is fine considering its price and how well it performs in general. Overall I'd consider this card to be phenomenal, and more than met my expectations. Now I'm spoiled and am constantly trying to tweak games to reach the 144fps cap, whereas on my old card I was ecstatic to hit 60fps.
Rated 5 out of 5 by Anonymous from I would buy this for another system build. I purchased this version of the GTX 1070 because I did not want one that looked like the Founder's edition, plus it came in a bit cheaper. This card has exceeded my expectations. No issues installing it or the drivers. I need bigger monitors to take advantage of its potential.
Rated 5 out of 5 by Erez from Amazing GPU for the price This is a real gem - very fast and quiet GPU. Put's to shame my older AMD R9 290 & Nvidia 970 cards.
Rated 1 out of 5 by QPR FC from Didn't Work in my PC - Power Draw Was Above Stated Specs The GPU card must draw more than 175 Watts as that is what I have available in my PC for graphics. I bought the card based on the MSI Specifications which I believe is incorrectly stated. I contacted MSI on two occasions and they were useless with their responses....absolutely diabolical responses, enough to stop me from ever buying MSI products again. However, B H Photo stepped up, understood the situation and allowed me to RMA for a refund. Thank you! I then purchased the EVGA GTX 1070 Founders Edition and it works....very happy, so that does draw less than 175 Watts. Thank you B H Photo & Video.
Rated 5 out of 5 by Megan R. from Good card for the price I installed this in my video workstation to improve system performance. It made a huge improvement in Davinci Resolve in both effects processing and rendering times. My render time for 3m30s 4K video clip went from approximately 1 hour to 6 minutes. It didn't really help much with Premier Pro except for GPU accelerated effects, the render time didn't improve at all. My workstation is near the bottom end for 4K but I don;t have much of a budget and this card was well worth the price.
Rated 4 out of 5 by Cameron from First Blower Card, Not bad Ive been away from PC gaming for a while and when I decided to build a new rig I did a lot of research mostly because of budget. This card has met and exceeded my expectations. It is powerful enough to handle the AAA titles that are out now and for the foreseeable future. Although I havent tried the VR functions, everything else is flawless. Its super quiet under normal conditions and not much louder when under heavy load and the card is pushing lots of air. Straight out of the box I get between 80 and 100 FPS on 90% of the games that I play even running two monitors at the same time. Even though this thing can be Overclocked, Im saving that for when I find a game that I love and play everyday that wont get me to at least 80 FPS.
Rated 5 out of 5 by Bosco from MSI/Nvidia .. hit one out. I bought this card on the 13th July 2016. This card was delivered to me on the 15th July 2016. I bought it to replace my GTX 960 Evga 2gb card. Very easy to install. I was lucky that my previous card was using a 6+8 pin for power, so I didn't have to do anything other than slot everything in. The monitor resolution I have is 1080p at 140Hz. This card easily maxes it out on every game I have ( Witcher 3, Fallout 4, etc.) I also use stereoscopic. I love the quiet function of the fans (they don't spin until the temperature rises over 60 degrees Celsius). I recommend putting this card on silent mode using the MSI gaming app, so the fans stay quiet. The extra overclocking doesn't make a huge difference in frames and I value having a quiet PC as more important. It was very well packaged with the graphic card being contained in an anti-static bag which I put my old graphic card in after installing my new one. My computer specs are i7-6700K (4 Ghz), 16GB DDR4 RAM (1600Hz), 650W power supply and this new graphic card. Overall, I definitely recommend this card to anyone interested in buying a GTX 1070. This is one powerful card. Yes, the price is higher, but that doesn't really change anything overall. The card is worth the price to me. This amounts to a card that is more powerful than the 980ti. And yet to have any major driver improvements. It also has 8GB of some highly overclockable GDDR5 RAM. A lot of consumers might be put off the cost, but 960s and the like are still going strong, so selling your old card will offset some of the pain. This thing will do 60 FPS at high stability throughout my full Ultra Witcher 3 game PLUS ini tweaks for shadows and foliage. That is something my 960 couldn't handle. At all. I waited to finish my playthrough of Witcher 3 specifically for this card, and all that time was most definitely worth the wait. The only thing better would be if a card could run Witcher 3 like that in 4K, but that is surely a gen or two away.
Paula Denyer (born Paul Charles Denyer, 14 April 1972) is an Australian serial killer currently serving three consecutive sentences of life imprisonment with a non-parole period of 30 years[1] for the murders of three young women in Melbourne, in 1993.[2] Denyer became known in the media as the "Frankston Serial Killer" as her crimes occurred in the neighbouring suburbs of Frankston.[3][4] Later, during her imprisonment, when aged around 30, Denyer began identifying as a transgender woman, but was refused permission by prison authorities to wear make-up, receive sex reassignment surgery, or legally alter her name.[1] Contents
Early life Edit
Denyer was born as Paul Charles Denyer on 14 April 1972 to British immigrant parents, Anthony and Maureen Denyer in Campbelltown, New South Wales, an outer suburb of Sydney. Her parents had immigrated to Australia in 1965, before moving to Adelaide, and in 1981, the family (now including five sons and a daughter) relocated to Melbourne.[5] Denyer then reportedly had difficulty fitting in amongst her peers in her new town, which led to problems with study and self-confidence that were worsened by significant weight gain during her teen years. At age 11, she slashed the throat of her sister's teddy bear, and cut the throat of the family cat before hanging it in a tree; at age 13, was arrested and cautioned for stealing a car; and at age 15, for assaulting a fellow student.[5] After school, she had problems holding down jobs, was fired seven times, and failed a physical when trying to enter Victoria Police.[5]
Crimes Edit
Denyer, aged 20-21 and identifying as male at the time of her crimes, started to stalk and attack a number of women in and around the Melbourne suburb of Frankston during a five-month period in 1993.[2] The first known incident attributed to Denyer occurred in February 1993, when Donna Vanes' Claude Street unit in Seaford was broken into.[6] After a series of disturbing prank-calls, Vanes was fearful of being alone. Arriving home with her boyfriend at around 1:00am, having been out for about an hour, they found that her cats' throats had been slashed, as had the walls, furniture, and some of her baby's clothes. Female pornographic imagery was also found, and the message "Donna you're dead" written in blood on the wall.[6] Unwilling to stay at the unit, she moved in with her sister, who was living in the unit next to Denyer, and whose neighbour had also recently been the victim of a break-in slasher. The first murder victim was 18-year-old Elizabeth Stevens, who had come to Melbourne from Tasmania in January 1993 to study at TAFE Frankston.[6] Living in Paterson Avenue, Langwarrin, with her aunt and uncle, she had alighted from a bus at the stop on Cranbourne Road, on Friday 11 June. As she had been expected home at around 8:00pm, her uncle started searching for her in his car at 10:00pm, and the police were notified around 1:00am, but little could be done given the bad weather that day.[6] The next morning a man found her partially concealed body in Lloyd Park Reserve: she had been strangled, stabbed, her throat had been slashed, and a criss-cross pattern was carved into her chest. A month later, on Thursday 8 July, 41-year-old Rosza Toth alighted at Seaford railway station, and headed north along Railway Parade on her way home. Around 5:50pm, as she walked past Seaford North Reserve, she noticed a man loitering near the toilet block, and was attacked shortly after passing him. Toth was dragged into the park, but broke free after Denyer held a fake gun to her head, and she pretended to submit. Shaken, and with light injuries, she then ran back to the road, stopped a car, and was assisted by the driver back to her house.[6] That same night the second murder victim, 22 year-old Deborah Fream who lived near Kananook Station, Seaford, was abducted in her car in the early evening. She had left her 12-day-old son at home with a male friend when she went out at 7:00pm on a short trip to buy some milk for an omelette dinner.[6] By 8:00pm, when she still hadn't returned, he called her boyfriend, the police, and the local hospital seeking news of her whereabouts and possible accidents. The friend and boyfriend drove around trying to locate her, then reported her missing at Frankston Police Station. On the afternoon of Monday 12 July, a farmer found Fream's partially covered body on Taylors Road, Carrum Downs; like Stevens, she had been strangled, savagely slashed, and her throat cut. On Friday 30 July, the third and final victim, 17-year-old schoolgirl Natalie Russell, was attacked while walking home from John Paul College.[7] Despite media speculation, heightened public fear, and warnings from her school, she had taken her usual short cut home to Frankston North, a fenced walkway (now called Nat's Track in her memory[7]) which passes between two golf courses on Skye Road. At 8:00pm, Russell was reported missing to Frankston Police Station, and a police search soon found her body. She had been dragged from the path through a large hole in a wire fence into adjacent scrub. She had died in a similar manner to the others, but during the attack she had put up a considerable fight, which assisted investigators due to DNA evidence finally being available at the scene.
Investigation Edit
Police became involved with the case after the incidents at Denyer's block of units, where the first slasher break-in occurred, and at Vanes' unit in February 1993. The murder of Stevens was the first incident to attract a large investigation, as did the disappearance of Fream, when a search was organised and scuba divers examined the Kananook Creek. No external forensic evidence was found at the Stevens scene, and no witnesses came forward.[6] With Fream, again, no foreign forensic evidence was found at the scene due to poor weather, but witnesses later recalled her car, a gray Nissan Pulsar, had been seen driving erratically and flashing its high-beam lights. Her car was located by police the next day at nearby Madden Street, and forensics found traces of Fream's blood inside, alongside a new dent in the front, and the driver's seat pushed back. Denyer later explained how, at the milk bar, Fream had left her car unlocked, and she had climbed into the back seat, and threatened her with the gun shortly after she drove from the store. After the second attack, and with Toth's description (she described her attacker as 18-20 years old, 180cm tall, with a round face and blue-eyes), police drew up a profile of the suspect: a male, likely unemployed or with a menial job, likely a local resident, aged 18-24, average looking, and living alone.[6] The Russell attack provided police with the breakthrough they needed. At 2:30pm, a postal worker saw a rusted yellow Toyota Corona without number plates parked near Nat's Track on Skye Road, with a man using binoculars acting suspiciously inside.[6] As he stopped at a house to call police, he noticed Russell approaching the track alone, observed by the suspicious man, who then ran up the track. Police responded, noted the registration label number, door-knocked a few nearby houses, but soon had to leave to attend to another call before the man returned. The later forensic investigations of the walkway revealed three holes cut in the fence with the same tool, with blood traces on one, alongside skin and hair traces on Russell but not belonging to the victim.[6] Police also informed investigators of the registration details, which were quickly traced to the car's owner, Paul Charles Denyer. Detectives visited her small unit at 186 Frankston‑Dandenong Road, Seaford, the afternoon of 31 July - a unit shared with Denyer's girlfriend, and next door to Donna Vanes' sister.[4] While her movements were being checked, she admitted to being in the vicinity of the Fream and Russell murders at the time.[5] She was then taken to Frankston Police Station, and her videoed interview commenced at 9:20pm. She was unable to adequately explain the cuts and scratches the officers noticed, and also admitted being in the vicinity of the Stevens attack.[5] She agreed to have her DNA collected, and early on 1 August, suspecting that the police had DNA evidence, admitted to the murders, the Toth assault, and the slasher break-ins.[5] Denyer also told detectives that she had been stalking women in the Frankston area "for years",[4] and that the motivation for the crimes was a desire to kill from the age of 14 and a general hatred of girls and women.[8]
Trial and imprisonment Edit
Gender identity Edit
According to the first of "The Paul Denyer Letters", dated 29 November 2003, Denyer began identifying as a woman that same year.[11] Denyer has claimed that these feelings of gender dysphoria are what led her to seek revenge against women by murdering them.[13] In "Letter 6", dated 4 February 2004, she wrote: "I committed these disgusting crimes ... not because I ever hated womankind, but because I have never really felt that I was male."[11] Around this time, Denyer began wearing women's clothing and cosmetics in prison, in defiance of prison orders.[8][14] Denyer also filed freedom of information requests to learn of the Victorian government's policy on gender reassignment surgery for prisoners and sought evaluation to determine her suitability for such surgery, which was also rejected by medical specialists and criticized by the transgender community.[8] By summer 2004, Denyer was receiving counselling on gender identity issues from prison psychologists.[15] However, as of 2013 , Denyer had not yet taken the step of legally changing names.[14]
Media Edit
The case was covered by Casefile True Crime Podcast on 18 and 25 June 2016.
See also Edit
References Edit
For Rutherford B. Hayes, election evening of November 7, 1876, was shaping up to be any presidential candidate's nightmare. Even though the first returns were just coming in by telegraph, newspapers were announcing that his opponent, the Democrat Samuel J. Tilden, had won. Hayes, a Republican, would indeed lose the popular vote by more than a quarter-million, but he had no way of knowing that as he prepared his concession speech. He went to bed a gloomy man and consoled his wife, Lucy Webb. “We soon fell into a refreshing sleep,” Hayes wrote in his diary, “and the affair seemed over.”
But the ugliest, most contentious and most controversial presidential election in U.S. history was far from over. Throughout the campaign, Tilden's opposition had called him everything from a briber to a thief to a drunken syphilitic. Suspicion of voter fraud in Republican-controlled states was rampant, and heavily armed and marauding white supremacist Democrats had canvassed the South, preventing countless blacks from voting. As a result, Florida, Louisiana and South Carolina were deemed too close to call, and with those states still in question, Tilden remained one electoral vote short of the 185 required by the Constitution to win election. With 165 electoral votes tallied for Hayes, all he needed to do was capture the combined 20 electoral votes from those three contested states, and he'd win the presidency. The ensuing crisis took months to unfold, beginning with threats of another civil war and ending with an informal, behind-the-scenes deal—the Compromise of 1877—that gave Hayes the presidency in exchange for the removal of federal troops from the South, effectively ending Reconstruction.
For Samuel Tilden, the evening of November 7, 1876, was cause for celebration. He was on his way toward winning an absolute majority of votes cast (he would capture 51.5 percent to Hayes's 48 percent) and gave newfound hope to Democrats, who had been largely shut out of the political process in the years following the Civil War.
Born in 1814 in New York State, Tilden studied at Yale and New York University. After being admitted to the bar in 1841, he made himself rich as a corporate lawyer, representing railroad companies and making real estate investments. After the Civil War, he built up a relationship with William M. “Boss” Tweed, the head of Tammany Hall, the Democratic political machine that dominated New York politics in the 19th century. But when Tilden entered the New York State Assembly in 1872, he earned a reputation for stifling corruption, which put him at odds with the machine. He became governor of New York State in 1874, and gained a national reputation for his part in breaking up massive fraud in the construction and repair of the state's canal system. His efforts gained him the Democratic Party's presidential nomination.
Tilden was attacked on everything from his chronic ill health and his connections to the railroad industry, widely viewed as rife with corporate corruption at the time. Sixty-two and a lifelong bachelor, he was respected for his commitment to political reform though considered dull. With corruption charges plaguing associates of the sitting president, Ulysses S. Grant, Tilden's candidacy could not have been better timed for Democrats to regain national power.
Although he captured the popular vote, the newly “reconstructed” states of Louisiana, Florida and South Carolina, still under federal occupation, hung in the balance. The Republican Party, which controlled the canvassing boards, quickly challenged the legitimacy of those states' votes, and on a recount, supposedly supervised by personal agents who were dispatched to these states by President Grant (along with federal troops), many of Tilden's votes began to be disqualified for unspecified “irregularities.” Democrats had no doubts Republicans were stuffing ballot boxes and claimed there were places where the number of votes exceeded the population. Most egregious was Louisiana's alleged offer by the Republican-controlled election board: For the sum of $1,000,000, it would certify that the vote had gone to the Democrats. The Democratic National Committee rejected the offer, but similar reports of corruption, on both sides, were reported in Florida and South Carolina.
After all three contested states submitted two sets of electoral ballots (one for each candidate), Congress established an electoral commission in January of 1877, made up of five senators, five Supreme Court justices and five members of the House of Representatives. The commission—seven Republicans, seven Democrats and one Independent—heard arguments from lawyers who represented both Hayes and Tilden. Associate Justice Joseph P. Bradley of New Jersey emerged as the swing vote in the decision to name the next president of the United States.
On the evening before the votes were to be cast, Democrats paid a visit to Bradley, who read his opinion, indicating that Florida's three electoral votes would be awarded to Tilden, giving him enough to win. But later that evening, after Democratic representatives had left Bradley's home, Republican Senator Frederick T. Frelinghuysen of New Jersey and George M. Robeson, Secretary of the Navy, arrived for some last-minute lobbying. Aided by Mary Hornblower Bradley, the Justice's wife, the two Republicans managed to convince Bradley that a Democratic presidency would be a “national disaster.” The commission's decision made the final electoral tally 185 to 184 for Hayes.
Democrats were not done fighting, however. The Constitution required a president to be named by March 4, otherwise an interregnum occurred, which opened up numerous possibilities for maneuvering and chaos. The Democrats threatened a filibuster, which would delay the completion of the election process and put the government in uncharted waters. The threat brought Republicans to the negotiating table, and over the next two days and nights, representatives from both parties hammered out a deal. The so-called Compromise of 1877, would remove federal troops from the South, a major campaign issue for Democrats, in exchange for the dropped filibuster.
The compromise enabled Democrats to establish a “Solid South.” With the federal government leaving the region, states were free to establish Jim Crow laws, which legally disenfranchised black citizens. Frederick Douglass observed that the freedmen were quickly turned over to the “rage of our infuriated former masters.” As a result, the 1876 presidential election provided the foundation for America's political landscape, as well as race relations, for the next 100 years.
While Hayes and the Republicans presumptively claimed rights to victory, Tilden proved to be a timid fighter and discouraged his party from challenging the commission's decision. Instead, he spent more than a month preparing a report on the history of electoral counts—which, in the end, had no effect on the outcome.
“I can retire to public life with the consciousness that I shall receive from posterity the credit of having been elected to the highest position in the gift of the people,” Tilden said after his defeat, “without any of the cares and responsibilities of the office.”
His health did indeed fail him shortly after the election. He died in 1886 a wealthy man, leaving $3 million to the New York Public Library.
Sources
Articles: ”The Election That Got Away,” by Louis W. Koenig, American Heritage, October, 1960. “Samuel J. Tilden, The Man Who Should Have Been President,” Great Lives in History, February 9, 2010, http://greatlivesinhistory.blogspot.com/2010/02/february-9-samuel-j-tilden-man-who.html ”Volusion Confusion: Tilden-Hayes,” Under the Sun, November 20, 2000, http://www.historyhouse.com/uts/tilden_hayes/
Books: Roy Morris, Fraud of the Century: Rutherford B. Hayes, Samuel Tilden, and the Stolen Election of 1876, Simon & Schuster, 2003. John Bigelow and Nikki Oldaker, The Life of Samuel J. Tilden, Show Biz East Productions, 2009.
TEL AVIV, Israel — A gag order has been imposed on all Israeli government spokespeople and even on cabinet ministers in the wake of the release of the International Atomic Energy Agency's report on Iranian nuclear activity. The Prime Minister's office, for now, is said to be “reading the report.”
After a bumpy few months on the media front, Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu is said to be concerned that any reaction whatsoever by Israel, whose claim that Iran is preparing a nuclear bomb has been confirmed by the report, may appear to be crowing.
In light of the IAEA report, which reveals “credible evidence” of Iranian nuclear ambitions in the military arena, Israel, which has long been a primary target of Iranian threats, is preparing a major international push for “crippling sanctions” which could affect the Iranian oil industry and its central bank operations.
As a result, Israel's standing in the international community is now on top of the agenda, and Haim Ramon, a leader of the opposition Kadima party, beseeched Netanyahu over the airwaves Wednesday morning to preserve Israel's leverage over Europe and the United States.
Related: How to see through the spin on Iran
“The only way we can act against Iran is if we are on good terms right now with the rest of the world,” he said, dismissing the possibility of an Israeli air strike against Iran outright.
This seems to be the line adopted by the few official Israelis who are speaking publicly.
Tzachi Hanegbi, a member of parliament representing the prime minister's own Likud party and a hard-liner on security issues, defined the possibility of an Israeli military strike against Iran as “absolutely the worst possible scenario. The only thing worse would be a nuclear Iran. But the military option is the worst option short of that.”
There appears to be an increasingly vocal consensus in Jerusalem that Israel is incapable or unwilling, militarily or diplomatically, to face off alone against a defiant Iran.
Meir Javedanfar, a professor for contemporary Iranian politics at the Inter Disciplinary Center Herzliya who recently published an article entitled, “Why Israel Won't Go It Alone,” said that the IAEA report will mostly “increase the pressure against Iran.”
“This is a major crisis for the Iranian government and it's a crisis that it cannot walk away from,” he said. “Chances of war in the immediate future remain slim. The Israeli government is very unlikely to attack without American consent but the economic and diplomatic consequences cannot be ignored by Iran's rulers.
“They are basically denying the report's findings and they will try to discredit it. But this time, it will not be enough. What the west should do is to apply more pressure against the Iranian regime but keep the doors open. The Iranians are susceptible and are not suicidal. When they realize the pressure is too much, they will compromise, as they have in the past.”
Alex Vatanka, an adjunct scholar specializing on Iran at Washington's Middle East Institute said the IAEA report, on its own, “is not a game changer in any way.”
What counts, he says, pointing out the international membership of the agency, which is a UN subsidiary, is “which countries have signed up.”
“This report has not been released on a whim. It depends entirely on which countries support the conclusions. The only angle where I can see this being able to contribute greatly to the dynamic that has existed since 2002, is in allowing for more sanctions against Iran.
“We are not talking about a moment of ‘Lets go to war!' Not at all. At best we are talking about tightening the noose around the Iranian regime's neck.”
Russia, which shares a long border with Iran, and China, for whom Iran is a principal source of oil and a major trade partner, have both indicated displeasure and even opposition to the report's conclusions.
Both Russia and China are permanent members of the United Nations Security Council. Vatanka believes the Russians, at least, will attempt to “dilute” any possible new sanctions or penalties.
Related: Russia warns West against military action on Iran
“In the absence of military strikes the only real way to deal with Iran is containment, sanctions. All this report can do is bring more countries into the fold and put them in the western-led camp that says that Iran has to pay a price for its non-compliance.”
Russia, in particular, is concerned with waning influence in a changing Middle East, in which it has lost or is losing traditional allies such as Libya's Muammar Gaddafi and Syria's Bashar al-Assad.
“What's left if you are a Russian strategist looking at this region in terms of Russian spheres of influence is Iran. If you weaken Iran further they would look at that as a weakening of Russian influence in the Middle East,” Vatanka said.
Talk of a unilateral Israeli strike against Iran, which had reached a fever pitch in Israeli media and some American blogs over the last week and a half, has diminished to almost zero overnight with the release of the report.
“Speculations discussing the point of view about Israeli leadership, for example that Netanyahu and [Foreign Minister Ehud] Barak have decided on an attack, have been blown out of proportion. No Israeli official has stated that Israel has decided to attack Iran,” points out Javedanfar.
“This is not to say that the state of Israel does not consider the military option, but the international community became nervous about Iran after allegations that Iran wanted to kill the Saudi ambassador to the United States, and from that point on it was all out media.”
For people dissatisfied with the four or five soda choices at a typical restaurant or convenience store soda fountain, a new Coca-Cola machine is a dream come true.
The new Coca-Cola Freestyle dispensers offer more than 100 flavors from a single machine - from Coke to root beer to lemonade - but also allows for unlimited blending of those flavors. Want a raspberry Coke mixed with peach Fanta and grape Vault? Hard to say what that would taste like, but the point is it can be done.
A more predictable choice might be to mix orange Fanta with vanilla Coke. The only drinks excluded are creme sodas.
The machines, now being installed in 29 North Florida Firehouse Subs restaurants owned by the Jacksonville-based chain, contain multiple products from under the Coca-Cola Co. corporate umbrella - some not readily found elsewhere in Jacksonville. It uses customized technology and highly concentrated flavoring ingredients that together blend the beverages inside the machine, on demand, as users press touch-screen logos. The beverage is then dispensed into the customer's waiting cup.
Those machines will be the first in the Jacksonville area, said Firehouse spokeswoman Cecily Sorensen.
Firehouse Subs CEO Don Fox said the chain's experience with the machines began in September 2009 in three restaurants in Atlanta - the corporate home of Coca-Cola.
"We had great success with it," he said. "The restaurants had increased customer traffic."
And the number of people who paid for a drink with their sandwiches went up as well, he said. Before the machines were installed, 68 percent of customers bought a beverage with their sandwiches. The Freestyle machines pushed those numbers up to 75 percent, he said.
Fox said the three Firehouse Subs restaurants in the test were all franchisee-owned, and all three expressed interest in signing a lease with the beverage companies to keep their machines in their stores.
The success was so great in those three restaurants, Fox said, the decision to enter into a $250,000 agreement with Coca-Cola to install the machines in the 25 corporate-owned restaurants in the Jacksonville area and four others in Gainesville and Ocala was an easy one to make.
"We're rolling into all the restaurants this month," he said.
The first three went into Firehouse Subs locations in the chain's Julington Creek, Mandarin, and San Marco restaurants last week; in the coming week 10 more are receiving the new machines, Sorensen said.
Fox said the company will watch the sales numbers after the one-year market test and then decide whether the lease and maintenance agreement should be renewed. He said the company's management expects the business increases to be even better in Jacksonville than in Atlanta.
At least one restaurant manager, Earl Campbell, who manages the Firehouse Subs at 1949-1 San Marco Blvd., said customer response has been great in the early going. Campbell said he thinks there's already been an increase in business.
"I think they should call it 'Choices,'" he said.
Bishop Kenny student Lindsay Self, 16, waited to fill her cup at the machine Friday. This was the third time she'd visited and used the new machine in the week since the machine has been installed, she said.
"It's really cool," she said. "It has so many flavors, you don't always have to drink the same thing."
kevin.turner@jacksonville.com, (904) 359-4609
Coca-Cola Freestyle Flavors
Coca-Cola
Coca-ColaCherry CokeCoke with LimeVanilla CokeRaspberry CokeOrange Coke
Diet Coke
Diet CokeDiet Cherry CokeDiet Coke with LimeDiet Vanilla CokeRaspberry Diet CokeOrange Diet Coke
Coca-Cola Zero
Coca-Cola ZeroVanilla Coke ZeroCherry Coke Zero
Caffeine-Free Diet Coke
Caffeine-free Diet Cherry CokeCaffeine-free Diet CokeCaffeine-free Diet Coke with LimeCaffeine-free Diet Coke with OrangeCaffeine-free Diet Raspberry CokeCaffeine-free Diet Vanilla Coke
Sprite
SpriteSprite with CherrySprite with GrapeSprite with PeachSprite with RaspberrySprite with Strawberry
Sprite Zero
Sprite ZeroSprite Zero with CherrySprite Zero with GrapeSprite Zero with PeachSprite Zero with RaspberrySprite Zero with Strawberry
Vault
VaultVault Red BlitzGrape VaultOrange VaultPeach Vault
Barq's
Barq'sDiet Barq's
Pibb
Pibb XtraPibb Zero
Dasani
Dasani with CherryDasani with GrapeDasani with LemonDasani with LimeDasani with OrangeDasani with PeachDasani with RaspberryDasani with Strawberry
Dasani Sensations
Dasani Sensations - CherryDasani Sensations - GrapeDasani Sensations - LemonDasani Sensations - LimeDasani Sensations - OrangeDasani Sensations - PeachDasani Sensations - RaspberryDasani Sensations - Strawberry
Fanta
Fanta CherryFanta Fruit PunchFanta GrapeFanta LimeFanta OrangeFanta PeachFanta RaspberryFanta Strawberry
Fanta Zero
Fanta Zero CherryFanta Zero Fruit PunchFanta Zero GrapeFanta Zero LimeFanta Zero OrangeFanta Zero PeachFanta Zero RaspberryFanta Zero Strawberry
Hi-C
Hi-C CherryHi-C Fruit PunchHi-C GrapeHi-C OrangeHi-C RaspberryHi-C Strawberry
Minute Maid
Minute Maid Cherry LemonadeMinute Maid Light Cherry LemonadeMinute Maid Light LemonadeMinute Maid Light Orange LemonadeMinute Maid Light Raspberry LemonadeMinute Maid Light Strawberry LemonadeMinute Maid Orange LemonadeMinute Maid Raspberry LemonadeMinute Maid Strawberry Lemonade
Powerade
Powerade ION4 Fruit PunchPowerade ION4 GrapePowerade ION4 LemonPowerade ION4 LimePowerade ION4 OrangePowerade ION4 RaspberryPowerade ION4 CherryPowerade ION4 Strawberry
Powerade Zero
Powerade Zero CherryPowerade Zero Fruit PunchPowerade Zero GrapePowerade Zero LemonPowerade Zero LimePowerade Zero OrangePowerade Zero RaspberryPowerade Zero Strawberry
Source: Coca-Cola Co. Freestyle Facebook page
Memories of the JFK assassination
On this Sunday, Nov. 24, 1963 file photo, Jacqueline Kennedy kisses the casket of her husband, President John F. Kennedy, lying in state in the rotunda of the U.S. Capitol in Washington, accompanied by their daughter Caroline, kneeling alongside. (AP Photo/Henry L. Griffin, File)
A recently declassified CIA report found that former agency director John McCone withheld information on the assassination of President John F. Kennedy.
The 2013 report showed that McCone kept information from the Warren Commission, the group established to investigate the Nov. 22, 1963 killing of Kennedy during a Dallas appearance. Politico reported CIA historian David Robarge wrote that the agency was part of a "benign cover-up" designed to keep the commission focused on what they saw as the truth behind the assassination: "that Lee Harvey Oswald, for as yet undetermined motives, had acted alone."
Oswald was murdered by Dallas nightclub owner Jack Ruby two days after the Kennedy assassination and conspiracy allegations have swirled around the Kennedy death for more than 50 years.
McCone died in 1991. His testimony before the commission maintained that Oswald was the lone gunman and said there was no evidence the assassin was part of any conspiracy, either by foreign or domestic forces.
The report alleged McCone withheld information related to CIA plots to assassinate Cuban leader Fidel Castro, including some efforts that involved organized crime. There have been claims through the years that Kennedy's murder was ordered by the Cuban government, but the commission didn't follow that lead and McCone didn't reveal any suspicions about a possible connection.
"If the commission did not know to ask about covert operations about Cuba, he was not going to give them any suggestions about where to look," the CIA report notes.
Other tidbits of information in the report include evidence the CIA had been in communication with Oswald before 1963 and that it had been monitoring his mail since 1959.
McCone's actions, according to the report, was based partly on the (Lyndon Johnson administration's) "interest in avoiding disclosures about covert actions that would circumstantially implicate (the) CIA in conspiracy theories and possibly lead to calls for a tough US response against the perpetrators of the assassination," the article states.
You can read the complete Politico report here.
By WNCN Staff -
RALEIGH, N.C. (WNCN) - The North Carolina Department of Insurance is going to examine Blue Cross and Blue Shield of North Carolina after the company has had problems with payments and enrollments.
The DOI said Insurance Commissioner Wayne Goodwin met with top BCBSNC executives this week to discuss the matter.
The department plans to examine how the company is complying with statutes and regulations and plans to issue a public report.
The department has received more than 1,000 complaints from customers since Jan. 4.
Blue Cross and Blue Shield has admitted it billed customers incorrectly and has vowed to fix the problems.
Last week, the Department of Insurance said it was swamped with complaints about Blue Cross and Blue Shield.
"I'm going to hold Blue Cross and Blue Shield of North Carolina accountable for fixing its problems and doing right by consumers," Goodwin. "In the meantime, I have shifted additional staff members to the phones at the Department of Insurance to help people get the health care they need."
Consumers in need of assistance from the N.C. Department of Insurance should call 855-408-1212 or visit www.ncdoi.com.
In a statement, Blue Cross and Blue Shield said, "We apologize for the frustration this has caused and will work with the department throughout its review. Though the majority of issues that many of our members have faced have been resolved, some work remains. We will continue working hard to address our customers' concerns and deliver the level of service they expect."
Adelaide United Head Coach, Guillermo Amor, has finalised his squad for the Reds upcoming 2017 AFC Champions League group stage campaign.
The Reds host Japanese giants Gamba Osaka at Hindmarsh Stadium on matchday one of Asia's Premier club competition at Hindmarsh Stadium next Wednesday night.
Along with Gamba, Chinese side Jiangsu Suning as well as Korean outfit Jeju United will be Adelaide's Group H opponents.
United's squad includes three foreign players, Baba Diawara, Isaias and Sergio Cirio with Kim Jae-Sung selected as the Club's Asian player under the AFC's 3+1 rule.
Speaking on the squad, Amor said: “We are looking forward to taking part in the AFC Champions League after going through so much to qualify last season.
“We are confident that we can be very competitive against some of the biggest teams in Asia and cannot wait for the competition to start.”
Adelaide United squad:
1.Eugene Galekovic (gk) (c)
2.Michael Marrone
4.Dylan McGowan
5.Taylor Regan
7.Kim Jae-Sung
8.Isaias
9.Baba Diawara
11.Sergio Ciro
12.Mark Ochieng
13.Marc Marino
14.George Mells
15.Ben Warland
16.Jesse Makarounas
17.Nikola Mileusnic
18.Riley McGree
19.Ben Garuccio
20.John Hall (gk)
21.Tarek Elrich
22.Ryan Kitto
24.Jordan O'Doherty
26.Lachlan Brook
27.Joshua Mori
28.Ryan Yates
29.Ryan Strain
30.Daniel Margush (gk)
31.Alec Maiolo
32.Paul Wilson
92.Eli Babalj
Adelaide United will host Gamba Osaka in its first AFC Champions League 2017 group stage match on Wednesday, 22 February at Hindmarsh Stadium. Kick-off is at 7.30pm ACDT.
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The United States on Monday played down the idea of creating a buffer zone along the Syria-Turkish border after a media report cited it as a possible concession to Turkey in return for use of bases to launch attacks on Islamic State militants in Syria.
U.S. Vice President Joe Biden (L) speaks next to Turkey's President Tayyip Erdoğan during a news conference following their meeting at Beylerbeyi Palace in Istanbul November 22, 2014. REUTERS/Murad Sezer
Representatives at the White House, U.S. State Department and the Pentagon all said U.S. officials were considering a range of proposals with Turkey over security near its border with Syria but were not ready to implement a specific plan.
“Right now, we don't believe a buffer zone is the best way to relieve the humanitarian crisis there in northern Syria,” Colonel Steve Warren, a Pentagon spokesman, told reporters.
State Department spokeswoman Jen Psaki said talks were going on about many proposals put forward by fellow NATO member Turkey, including on how to secure the Syria border, but there were still differences and no decisions had been made.
Ankara has long sought a no-fly zone or secure area and it has been the subject of frequent high-level talks.
The Wall Street Journal, citing unnamed U.S. and Turkish officials, said an agreement could include a safe zone along part of the Syrian border to protect refugees and certain opposition forces that would also “be off-limits” to aircraft from Syrian President Bashar al-Assad's government.
This would be a compromise for Turkey, which has sought a formal “no fly” zone covering a wider swath of northern Syria.
A protected zone along the Turkish-Syrian border would help safeguard opposition fighters being trained in Syria and shield opposition supply lines, the report said.
Asked what might be better than a buffer zone to relieve the humanitarian crisis, Warren said: “Continuing for us to apply pressure on (Islamic State militants) is probably the most effective way to relieve that crisis.”
Ankara's plans for establishing safe zones, with air defense as a key component, have received a cool reception from many NATO allies.
Military experts say it would necessitate either agreement from the Syrian government or taking out Damascus' advanced air defense systems.
Such a move would risk dragging Western powers further into Syria's three-year-old war, and anger President Bashar al-Assad's allies, Russia and Iran.
Complicating matters, Assad is using the U.S. air strikes as cover for his own air campaign against Syrian rebels, hitting the Islamic State stronghold of Raqqa in retaliation for the group's killing of Syrian soldiers.
Almost all apps can take advantage of share features offered by iOS and Android. This can be useful to:
Allow the user to share his activity. For example, the Uber app allows the users to share their estimated time of arrival.
Offer an easy way for the user to tell his friends about the app.
Share products, items or pages inside the app. Recently, Tinder added a "Recommend" button on the user profiles, to share someone's profile page with a friend that could be interested. Marketplace apps may use sharing features to allow the user to quickly send the page of a product to someone else.
Some apps or games can have deeper integration with social media, helping the app/game to grow a community.
Let's see how we can use these sharing features with React Native.
React Native's Share API
The easiest way to add sharing to your app is to use React Native Share API. No new module to install, React Native is now battery-included here!
The API is pretty simple and self explaining:
import { Share } from 'react-native'; onClick() { Share.share({ message: 'BAM: we\'re helping your business with awesome React Native apps', url: 'http://bam.tech', title: 'Wow, did you see that?' }, { // Android only: dialogTitle: 'Share BAM goodness', // iOS only: excludedActivityTypes: [ 'com.apple.UIKit.activity.PostToTwitter' ] }) }
If you want to make the sharing look clean and polished, don't miss the chance to specify the dialog title on Android with dialogTitle .
On iOS, you can also know if the user really shared the content by inspecting the result of the promise, which is either Share.dismissedAction (user cancelled) or Share.sharedAction (user shared your content!).
Finally, you can restrict the apps that the user can use to share the content with excludedActivityTypes (iOS only too!). This can be useful if you want to restrict/force the user to share on a particular website.
Beware of empty url on iOS
On iOS, we got a weird behavior when url was set to an empty string: after calling the share method, the message being shared was containing a .app file. To work around this, just be sure to set url to undefined.
Always check the end result
When you've added some sharing feature to your app, be sure to check the result on most popular social networks. For example, Facebook may ignore the message or title that you've entered and just use the URL, using OpenGraph tags to display the preview of the link in the user feed.
If it's important for your application to display a rich preview of the product/item/page that was shared, but make sure to double-check the result and use these custom tags.
About react-native-share
React Native Share API was officially added into React Native documentation since release 0.39 If you have an older version and don't want to rely on undocumented features, you can use react-native-share.
Advanced sharing on Facebook and react-native-fbsdk
If you want deeper integration with Facebook, you can use react-native-fbsdk to add and access to the Facebook SDK. The SDK contains a Sharing API which you can use to post custom actions (achievements, scores...) to the user feed.
Note that you need to ask the proper permission to Facebook before being able to use this API with your app.
You can also use Send buttons, LikeView and other Facebook specific components. This will need more time integrate into your app to your app compared to simply sharing an URL, so consider what is really needed by your app and how it will be used by your users before spending too much time on it :)
An amazing haul of 28 flint hand-axes, dated by archaeologists to be around 100,000 years-old, have been unearthed in gravel from a licensed marine aggregate dredging area 13km off Great Yarmouth.
The find was made by a Dutch amateur archaeologist, Jan Meulmeester, who regularly searches for mammoth bones and fossils in marine sand and gravel delivered by British construction materials supplier Hanson to a Dutch wharf at Flushing, south west Netherlands.
The axes show that deep in the Ice Age, mammoth hunters roamed across land that is now submerged beneath the sea. These are the finest hand-axes that experts are certain come from English waters, although there have been several finds on beaches, for example at Pakefield in Suffolk.
Phil Harding of Wessex Archaeology and Channel 4's Time Team programme is an expert on the Ice Age. He said: “These finds are massively important. In the Ice Age the cold conditions meant that water was locked up in the ice caps. The sea level was lower then, so in some places what is now the seabed was dry land. The hand-axes would have been used by hunters in butchering the carcasses of animals like mammoths.”
He added: “Although we don't yet know their precise date, we can say that these hand-axes are the single most important find of Ice Age material from below the North Sea.”
English Heritage, the Government heritage agency, is co-operating with Dutch counterparts, the National Service for Archaeology, Cultural Landscape and Built Heritage to evaluate the finds. The hand-axes date to the Palaeolithic (or Old Stone Age) but exactly when in that 750,000-year time span is yet to be determined.
While the hand-axes were discovered in Holland, the gravel came from a licensed marine dredging area in English waters known as Area 240 – some 13km off Great Yarmouth lying in water depths of about 25m. Bones and teeth, some of which may be from mammoths, were also recovered along with the axes.
Ian Oxley, Head of Maritime Archaeology at English Heritage, said: “These are exciting finds which help us gain a greater understanding of The North Sea at a time when it was land. We know people were living out there before Britain became an island, but sites actually proving this are rare.”
Ian Selby, Hanson's Marine Operations and Resources Director, added: “The hand-axes were collected over a three-month period and this remarkable discovery only came to light in February when Mr Meulmeester, realising their importance, informed the wharf owners. As we manage our dredging very carefully, we were quickly able to identify the area where the finds came from. As part of our industry's protocol with English Heritage, we have now moved dredging to another part of the seabed.”
The reporting of the hand-axes demonstrates the level of co-operation that exists between the dredging industry, through its trade association, The British Marine Aggregate Producers Association, and English Heritage. The protocol, signed in 2005, aims to protect archaeological remains discovered in English waters as a result of marine sand and gravel extraction.
The March for Racial Justice is committed to standing for racial justice with allies from across all races, ethnicities, and communities. We believe that none of us are free until all of us are free.
The March came into being as a reaction to the June 16 verdict rendered in the case against the policeman who shot and killed Philando Castile. The unbearable murders of innocent Americans continue unabated and the time is now upon all Americans who seek equality and racial justice to stand up and say NOT ONE MORE. The moment calls for urgent action, as so many of us carry fear with us every single day, as we see black and brown people being shot down with impunity by police and white supremacists inciting terror in our cities.
To that end, it was and is important to us that the march be held on a day that has symbolic and historic significance to the black community. The first date proposed was September 9th which is the date of the Stono Rebellion, the largest rebellion of enslaved people in the US. The National Park Service informed us that the National Mall in DC was not available for 9/9 but was for 9/30. This day has resonance because it is the anniversary of the Elaine Massacre of 1919 in Elaine, Arkansas, during which more than 200 Black men and women were killed in cold blood by a mob of white citizens and law enforcement. Many of the Black victims had recently returned from World War I where they fought for our country. They died standing up for their rights and the rights of their communities. They were murdered in what was the largest state-sanctioned massacre of black people in US history.
The organizers of the March for Racial Justice did not realize that September 30 was Yom Kippur when we were factoring in these and other considerations and applying for permits.
Choosing this date, we now know, was a grave and hurtful oversight on our part. It was unintentional and we are sorry for this pain as well as for the time it has taken for us to respond. Our mistake highlights the need for our communities to form stronger relationships.
After the horrifying events of the past weekend in Charlottesville, and the remarks by the President suggesting that “both sides” are to blame, we understand more than ever the need for unity against those who hate us in our many identities. We have learned from our Jewish friends that Yom Kippur is a day of making amends and of asking and receiving forgiveness. We hope that our sincere apology will be received with compassion, and that we will build a stronger relationship among all our communities as a result.
While we continue to move forward with plans for the main march in Washington, DC on the anniversary of the Elaine massacre, we are working on ways to include the Jewish community on Saturday 9/30 after sundown and/or on Sunday 10/1.
We will be seeking a permit for the sister march in New York City for the afternoon of Sunday, October 1 and will share that information as quickly as we can. Many other sister marches are now being planned for Sunday, October 1 as well and we will keep everyone informed as those additional marches and rallies as they develop.
Our goal is and has always been to bring those committed to racial justice together and we are doing all we can to honor that important goal. We will continue to seek the thoughts and advice of religious and community leaders as this movement grows, and we will face those moments where fellow citizens register their concerns honestly and realistically. As we share a big world with many people, all with their own rights to their freedoms of speech, expression and religion, we will always do our utmost to consider all points of view.
We are marching in solidarity with our Jewish brothers and sisters who are observing the holiest of days on the Jewish calendar. Holding fast to Jewish tradition is also an act of resistance, in the face of growing anti-Semitism. We recognize and lift up the intersection of anti-Semitism and racism perpetrated by white supremacists, whether they wave Confederate flags, don swastikas, beat and kill people on the streets in Charlottesville, deface Holocaust memorials, or threaten and harass members of our communities and our religious and community spaces. And we recognize the need for all of us to work together in the face of an administration that condones widespread oppression of all those most vulnerable among us.
This is a long-term struggle and our relationship to each other transcends one day and one march. As we learn from this planning mis-step, we are working with Jewish leaders to make racial justice resources and prayers available for Yom Kippur observances in Jewish communities as well. We hope that on that holy day, Jews in synagogues across our country will pray for racial justice - lifting up black and brown people, Jewish and non-Jewish - in hope for safety and wholeness. Spiritual sustenance is an essential part of this work for justice. We're committed to working together with the Jewish community throughout the year and every year until true justice for all of us is won.
The March for Racial Justice
August 15, 2017
Democrats are already calling for hearings and investigations into Donald Trump's expansive business empire and potential conflicts of interest as he prepares to take office, but Republicans are urging caution, pledging to give Trump time to sort out his commercial enterprises and separate them from his governance.
It's an early round of what's likely to be an ongoing battle on Capitol Hill during the Trump administration: Democrats have accused Republicans of failing to promote proper oversight, while Republicans are giving Trump the benefit of the doubt as they focus on their legislative agenda.
In past administrations, congressional oversight has been less rigorous when the party in the majority also controls the White House.
“The reality is that when the president and the investigative committees are aligned in the same party, they tend to under investigate, and when they're in different parties, they tend to over investigate,” said former Rep. Tom Davis, a Republican who chaired the House Committee on Oversight and Government during George W. Bush's presidency. “That's been true for 40 years. I don't expect that to change.”
Democrats have wasted little time in trying to hold their GOP colleagues' feet to the fire. Maryland Rep. Elijah Cummings, the top Democrat on the oversight committee, sent a letter to the current chairman, Utah Rep. Jason Chaffetz, less than a week after the election calling for an investigation into Trump's business and the blind trust he planned to set up with his children at the helm. Cummings has also sent letters to incoming White House Chief of Staff Reince Priebus and Vice President-elect Mike Pence requesting information and documents, and asked the Government Accountability Office to examine the Trump transition.
On Monday, all Democratic members of the committee sent another letter listing some of their concerns -- including reports about the global scope of his business and potential conflicts with foreign governments; Trump's proposal to have his children, who serve as key advisers to the president-elect, run his company; and a report in the New York Times that Trump brought up the impact a wind farm could have on his golf course in Scotland with a British politician.
“Although you have stated publicly that you will hold Mr. Trump to the same standards as President Obama and Secretary Clinton, you have not responded to Ranking Member Cummings' letter, and you have not taken steps to conduct basic oversight of these unprecedented challenges,” Democrats wrote to Chaffetz.
But Chaffetz, who declined to be interviewed for this article, and many other Republicans on Capitol Hill have pushed back at the notion they should be investigating Trump during the transition.
“Give him a chance -- he hasn't even been sworn in yet,” Chaffetz said on Fox News Tuesday. “It's pretty hard to criticize him or suggest there should be an investigation by Congress when he hasn't even been sworn in yet.
“When we get to Jan. 20 and he's sworn in and he is the president of the United States, things are different than while he is now, still, a private citizen."
Davis, the former committee chairman, warned Democrats about getting ahead of themselves in going after Trump this quickly. He called the Times report on Trump's golf course in Scotland “trivial” and suggested Democrats pick their battles.
“There will be plenty of opportunities,” Davis said. “We've seen Republicans stumble by over investigating. You lose credibility. My advice to Democrats is picked your shots carefully. You don't need to throw the kitchen sink."
Democrats have shown no signs of heeding Davis's advice and have made clear that they expect to continuously push for investigations into Trump -- particularly after Republicans so forcefully investigated both President Obama and Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton. One former senior Republican committee staffer, who served during the Bush administration, said it is “not a fun gig when you're policing your own party.”
“No matter how much you do, no matter what you do, you're doing too much or you're not doing enough depending on who's grading you,” the staffer, who requested anonymity to speak candidly about his own party, told RCP.
For example, the former staffer cited a special committee created to investigate the government's response to Hurricane Katrina, led by Davis, who chaired the oversight committee at the time. Congressional Republicans received pressure on both ends. Democrats refused to appoint any members to the committee, with Democratic Leader Nancy Pelosi suggesting Republicans would “whitewash” the investigation. But the staffer also said the pressure from the White House to make the investigation more about state and local issues rather than “the federal government's incompetence was intense."
Former Democratic Rep. Henry Waxman, the top Democrat on the oversight committee under both President Bill Clinton and Bush, said his first Republican counterpart, Rep. Dan Burton, acted as though there wasn't “an allegation too small” to look into under Clinton, but also “wasn't a scandal too big for them to ignore” under Bush.
For now, most Republicans are preaching caution and patience. Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy of California said Tuesday that “oversight is oversight,” and that he thought committee members should have “blinders” on when it comes to being willing to investigate Trump. But, echoing Chaffetz, he also said that Trump hasn't taken office yet, and thus there is little need for immediate investigations.
“Remind me, is he sworn in yet?” McCarthy asked reporters Tuesday after questions about potential conflicts of interest for Trump. “But now the Democrats already want to investigate him before he's even sworn in.”
McCarthy then praised Don McGahn, a seasoned Washington lawyer Trump tapped to be White House counsel. McCarthy and other Republicans argued that given time, McGahn would be able to sort out Trump's business empire in a way that would prevent any conflict of interest.
But given the complex nature of Trump's business empire and its foreign interests, Democrats will likely push for information even if he takes significant steps to separate himself from the business after taking office. Delaware Sen. Tom Carper, the top Democrat on the Homeland Security and Government Affairs Committee, sent a letter last week to the director of the U.S. Office of Government Ethics requesting information on how he plans to handle potential interest conflicts from Trump's business, particularly due to the involvement of his children.
Sen. Ron Johnson of Wisconsin, the Republican chairman of that committee, said he was happy to give Trump and his team time to sort out his business enterprises and how to avoid conflicts of interest, but also downplayed how much of an issue it could potentially become.
“American voters understood they are electing somebody with vast holdings around the world, and it's going to be a challenge to figure out how to prevent those conflicts of interest, but I'm sure he and his team are looking at that very closely,” Johnson said.
Sen. Orrin Hatch of Utah, chairman of the Finance Committee, said Trump would inevitably need to come to the conclusion that he should fully separate himself from his business interests, but that he didn't think there needed to be congressional hearings on the matter, adding, “We'll see how he does it.”
“I don't know how he's going to do it; he's got interests everywhere,” Hatch said. “It's quite an interesting thing to have a president that's been as successful as he has."
Aircraft Southwest Airlines
Boeing 737-3H4 Reg.: N359SW MSN: 26596 Line No.: 2297 Caption [Canon T3i / EF 70-300mm f/4-5.6 L IS] She will be in the desert this September when Southwest takes their MAX-8's. Shown here sporting her battle scars. Photographer Joshua McGoun 2.7K Maryland, USA Sponsor Message
Add To Album
Add To Album Like (5)
Photog's Choice
Cross-Data Photographer Joshua McGoun Airline Southwest Airlines Version Boeing 737-3H4 Generic Type Boeing 737-300 Basic Type Boeing 737-300 Manufacturer Boeing MSN 26596 Line No. 2297 Reg. N359SW Location Baltimore / Washington - International Thurgood Marshall (Friendship) Region Maryland Country USA Date Photographed June 20, 2017 Cancel Search
Correction
Distinct Views: 5,400
Photo Added: July 15, 2017
Photo Copyright © Joshua McGoun. All rights reserved. Airliners.net is not affiliated with any entity mentioned or pictured herein.
All trademarks are the property of their respective owners.
Yes, I've started writing about politics again, and the cynics are weighing in also, as usual. Don't you know it's all theater, and there's no difference between the candidates. The world is run by a few rich people, and they don't care what we think.
I've never really addressed this, and thought now was a good time to do so.
My answer is this -- bullshit. That's not the way it works. You wish it worked that well, but it's actually chaotic, nonsenical, Dilbertesque, crazy, dysfunctional, self-destructive, suicidal, nutso, etc. Can you think of any more adjectives for we, as a species, net-net, have lost our minds? Go ahead and add them.
The problem is evolution. Up until a few generations ago, there was no possibility of a global consciousness, and luckily for us, no need for one. Humans simply weren't powerful enough to matter. So what if we were run by crazy kings and popes and political bosses, worst that could happen is we could spoil a small piece of land and kill ourselves, and we surely did a lot of that! But now the stakes are much higher. We've cured disease enough to fuel a population explosion. And while we seem to be able to feed ourselves, the planet just can't support that many people in many other ways. The problem is that we don't have a collective consciousness that can change things so they work. We're still arguing about the crazy stuff we used to argue about before we became the problem for the planet. You could even see that wise-ass Mitt Romney joking about it in his speech. He says Fuck you if you think the President's job is to worry about the level of the oceans. Well it's not just his job, it's all our jobs. Every damned one of us. And thanks so much for setting us back, just a bit, Mr Republican Presidential Candidate for 2012, a title which already holds some sway. God help us if this bozo gets more responsibility.
If the world were ruled by a secret cabal of rich people and their muses, I would know about it, because I know some of the people who would either be in Category 1 or Category 2. Sure they fly around and go to important conferences and they're quoted and talked about in the Economist and the Times, but they don't really run things. They fly around a lot. Looks busy. They play a Captain of the Universe on TV, but they're just people and they don't have any idea about what to do. They work at making more money, and that's fine, but it doesn't really accomplish much, one way or the other.
The people we talk to with our vote is ourselves.
A vote for Mitt Romney communicates this: I'm exhausted trying to keep up with everything. I want it all to be simple. Like when I was a kid and my father made all the decisions.
And a vote for Barack Obama means the same damned thing.
That's where the cynicism is correct. But where it's not correct is in the assumption that that's all it can mean. And in that they suffer from a lack of imagination.
Even with a ridiculous choice, just a larger-than-normal number of people voting would make a difference. And then you have to judge for yourself how possible it is for us to change one of these guys to doing more of our work. For that, you have to understand that they are people too. When Obama makes a decision in term 2 he may be thinking about how the election went and what he feels he has the mandate to do. That might change things. Listen to the guy and judge for yourself.
If we, collectively, as if it were a Kickstarter project, decided to fund our election, and, as a political demonstration we all voted, that would be felt. Not by some mythical powers-that-be, but by us, by you and me and everyone else. It would be shocking. And if you're cynical you will be surprised by how much things will change in government.
Everything that happens now is premised on the fact that you're dumb and you don't vote. If you change one of those perceptions and you have the power to do that, the other one will change too. Think about it.
Voting does make a difference. The more people do it, the more power we will have as we go forward.
The most effective voter suppression is the lie that your vote doesn't matter. Don't give in to cynicism.
BTW, today's random header graphic influenced this piece.
Neither NATO, nor Russia will benefit from suspended cooperation, the Russian Foreign Ministry has said. NATO's announcement of freezing “all practical civilian and military” joint work is reminiscent of Cold War language, Moscow said.
“The decision taken by the foreign ministers in the NATO council to suspend civil and military cooperation with Russia creates a déjà vu effect,” the Foreign Ministry's spokesman, Aleksandr Lukashevich, said in a statement on Wednesday.
“The language of the statement reminds one of the battle of words during the Cold War era,” he said.
Lukashevich added he felt history was repeating itself, recalling another “suspension” of cooperation with Russia announced by NATO six years ago, following the war in South Ossetia. The decision was short-lived, as several months later the alliance moved to resume the cooperation.
“It's not hard to see who is going to benefit from curbing Russia and NATO's joint work on countering modern threats and challenges to international and European security, in particular in areas like fighting terrorism, piracy, and natural and man-made disasters,” Lukashevich said. “In any case this is going to be neither Russia, nor NATO member-states.”
Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov expressed concern over NATO's decision, in a telephone conversation with US Secretary of State John Kerry, according to a statement by the ministry. Lavrov said the alliance's move did not contribute to solving the crisis in Ukraine.
“John Kerry has assured us of a strong intention to de-escalate rhetoric and continue to search for a joint approach to a political solution of the crisis in Ukraine,” the statement said.
“De-escalation of rhetoric” might be a tough task, as speculations on the “threat” of Russian forces on the border with Ukraine keep being voiced by Western powers and the media. The latest accusation has come from NATO's supreme allied commander in Europe, US Air Force General Philip Breedlove, who has estimated that Russia could invade Ukraine in a matter of “days.”
The alliance's military chiefs claim up to 40,000 Russian troops are stationed near the Ukrainian border.
“This is a very large, very capable and very ready force. The entire suite that would be required to successfully have an incursion into Ukraine should the decision be made,” Breedlove said in an interview with Reuters and The Wall Street Journal. “We think it is ready to go and we think it could accomplish its objectives in between 3 and 5 days if directed to make the actions.”
NATO Chief Anders Fogh Rasmussen backed Breedlove's statement on Sunday. When asked if he thinks such claims are undiplomatic and only whip up tension, Rasmussen said “quite the contrary, it is General Breedlove's duty to inform us what we see,” Itar-Tass quotes.
The NATO chief then again called on Russia to “withdraw the troops.”
Russia has repeatedly denied any military build-up on the borders with Ukraine, citing international inspectors and even allowing a Ukrainian surveillance jet to fly over the territory. On Friday, Russia's Foreign Ministry issued a statement saying that four probes in March by foreign missions in Russia found no “aggressive preparations” in the regions bordering Ukraine and “have not recorded any military activities, aside from the previously declared.”
The ministry emphasized Russia had nothing to hide and welcomed foreign inspections “who wished to get acquainted with the real situation in the border regions with Ukraine.”
In an interview on Saturday, Russia's Foreign Minister insisted Moscow had no plans to send troops into Ukraine.
“We have absolutely no intentions of crossing Ukrainian borders,” Sergey Lavrov said.
German Chancellor Angela Merkel's spokesman, Steffen Seibert, said on Monday that President Vladimir Putin “informed the chancellor about the partial withdrawal of Russian troops he had ordered from the eastern border of Ukraine.”
Despite that, Rasmussen claimed on Tuesday that he “cannot confirm that Russia is withdrawing its troops.”
NATO council ministers have ordered military planners to “develop as a matter of urgency a series of additional measures to reinforce NATO's collective defenses,” alliance's official told Reuters. This could include sending troops and equipment to NATO allies in Eastern Europe, holding more exercises, taking steps to ensure NATO's rapid reaction force could deploy more quickly, and a review of NATO's military plans.
This comes days after Rasmussen said that NATO is thinking about sending more troops to Eastern Europe, adding that NATO's expansion in the region has been “one of the greatest success stories of our time” but the mission “is not yet complete.”
The head of Putin's administration, Sergey Ivanov, said on Wednesday that Russia is concerned by the statements of NATO officials on strengthening their military presence in Eastern Europe, but stressed that there is so far no evidence the bloc is going to do that.
“We have some concerns, but we need to understand what kind of expansion it is and how much this is consistent with reality. It is because there are a lot of talks and a great flow of words, but often they do not represent real actions,” Ivanov said.
A Carteret County man will spend time in prison for shooting his neighbor last year after an argument over barking dogs.
A Carteret County man will spend time in prison for shooting his neighbor last year after an argument over barking dogs.
Justin Kyle Mills, 35, of Newport, was convicted Wednesday by a Carteret County jury following a trial that began on Monday.
Mills was sentenced to an active prison term of a minimum 33 months to a maximum of 55 months, according to Maj. Jason Wank of the Carteret County Sheriff�s Office, which investigated the case.
Mills was arrested in October 2014 and charged with assault with a deadly weapon inflicting serious injury after he shot his neighbor, 54-year-old Michael LeClair, with a rifle after an argument between the two over Mills� barking dogs.
Mills went to LeClair�s house and shot him in the lower torso, causing serious injury.
ES News Email Enter your email address Please enter an email address is invalid Fill out this field Email address is invalid You already have an account. Please log in or register with your social account
Commuters were left shaken after a gunman fired at a train from London and hit a window centimetres from a passenger's head.
The Southeastern service from Cannon Street via London Bridge was struck at about 6pm on Thursday as it approached Greenhithe station in Kent, on its way to Gillingham.
Passenger Adam Watts feared he had been hit by a bullet as a window shattered next to him.
He told the Standard: “I was on the train looking out the window about to get off at Greenhithe when I saw a flash followed by a smash and bang within a split second.
SE UPDATE Trains through Greenhithe are being delayed due to the drivers cab being shot at. — Southeastern (@Se_Railway) October 29, 2015
“It sounded like a cross between a stone hitting a solid window and a firework crack.
"It took a few seconds to register but then I saw the hole and realised what it all was, then frantically started patting my body in case it hit me and I had a delayed reaction."
The marketing executive, 32, said the gunshot was “too close for comfort”, making a hole in the window just "centimetres" from his head.
The train company announced on Twitter that the driver's cab had been targeted, but later confirmed it was the front passenger carriage that was struck.
The company believes an air rifle was used and has reported the matter to British Transport Police.
The train company could not confirm how many passengers were on board, though Mr Watts said there were only two or three others nearby.
A spokesman for Southeastern said the bullet or pellet did not fully penetrate the train's window, only the outer panel.
He said: “Passengers were shaken by the incident. They were checked over and taken out of the carriage, which was taken out of use."
There was a short delay before the train continued on to Gillingham, he added.
Glenn Beck launched into a series of ad hominem attacks against the authors of a study that highlighted national Tea Party organizations' ties to racism and nativism. At no point did Beck refute -- or address in any way -- any of the actual findings in the report.
Ad hominem abuse: Beck makes no attempt to challenge substance of report
Beck launches a series of attacks against report's authors, completely ignores substance of their findings. On his October 21 Fox News show, Beck said of a report -- reportedly commissioned by the NAACP -- "Now, would it shock you to hear that the NAACP found in their intensive investigation that there is racist, bigotry, nativism, and even white supremacy within the Tea Party?" He added, "Who saw that one coming?" At no point during the segment he devoted to attacking the report's authors did Beck challenge the accuracy of any of the information it presented.
Report documents Tea Party orgs' links to racism, nativism
Report: "[A]ll of the national Tea Party factions have had problems" with racism and nativism. The introduction to the report, written for the NAACP by Devin Burghart and Leonard Zeskind of the Institute for Research and Education on Human Rights, states, "It would be a mistake to claim that all Tea Partiers are nativist vigilantes or racists of one stripe or another, and this report manifestly does not make that claim. As this report highlights, all of the national Tea Party factions have had problems in these areas." In addition, the introduction stated, "Five of the six national [Tea Party] factions have" birthers "in their leadership." From the introduction:
The leading figures in one national faction, 1776 Tea Party (the faction more commonly known as TeaParty.org), were imported directly from the anti-immigrant vigilante organization, the Minuteman Project. Tea Party Nation has provided a gathering place for so-called birthers and has attracted Christian nationalists and nativists. Tea Party Express so outraged the public with the racist pronouncements of its leaders, that other national factions have (recently) eschewed any ties to it. Both ResistNet and Tea Party Patriots, the two largest networks, harbor long-time anti-immigrant nativists and racists; and Tea Party Patriots has opened its doors to those aiming at repeal of the Seventeenth Amendment and the direct election of United State Senators.
Report: 1776 Tea Party founder Robinson carried N-word sign, sent emails depicting Obama as a pimp, promoted anti-Semites on radio show. Burghart and Zeskind reported, "The 1776 Tea Party, also known as TeaParty.org, is the one national faction most directly connected to the Minutemen Project and the anti-immigrant movement." According to Burghart and Zeskind, "The organization's founding president is Dale Robertson." From Burghart and Zeskind's report:
On February 27, 2009, Robertson attended a Tea Party event in Houston with a sign reading "Congress = Slaveowner, Taxpayer = Niggar." He's also sent out racist fundraising emails depicting President Obama as a pimp. Robertson also has a history of promoting anti-Semites on his 'Tea Party Hour' radio program. [See the chapter "Racism, Anti-Semitism and the Militia Impulse" for more.] Both incidents increased the negative publicity surrounding the 1776 Tea Party, but its notoriety did not stop two leaders of an anti-immigrant vigilante group, Minuteman Project, from stepping in to run the 1776 organization.
Report: Leaders of anti-immigrant groups active in ResistNet; group itself partners with birthers and nativists. According to Burghart and Zeskind's report, "Many leaders of state and local anti-immigrant groups," such as local Minutemen chapters, "have become active with ResistNet," a Tea Party group. Burghart and Zeskind further reported that ResistNet has partnered with the the People Foundation for Constitutional Education; the foundation, Burghart and Zeskind reported, ran a full-page ad in the Chicago Tribune questioning Obama's citizenship. Burghart and Zeskind also reported:
Another ResistNet partner organization is TakeAmericaBack.org, a website launched in April 2009 to publish anti-immigrant propaganda. One article claimed that "multiculturalism" demands that "Americans learn to speak Spanish so illegals can take over America with foreign cultures." Another article on this site concluded that "a Kenyan, Communist, son of a terrorist, as our wannabe president, who has not only expressed his hatred of America, but is also an avowed Muslim..."
Tea Party Nation convention hosted birthers, anti-immigrant extremists. According to the report, a February Tea Party Nation convention in Nashville, Tennessee, "built bridges to nativists and so-called birthers," including at least two speakers pushing birther conspiracy theories. Burghart and Zeskind reported:
Joseph Farah, of the website WorldNetDaily, gave the convention's Friday evening keynote speech. Farah spent nearly half his time cooking up a Biblical basis for his obsession with Obama's birth certificate. Some of the convention leading figures did not like this kind of "birther" conspiracy talk, however. Andrew Breitbart, for example, privately criticized him for it. Nevertheless, the issue of whether or not President Barack Obama is a natural-born American continued to percolate in Nashville. For example, Miki Booth, an Hawaiian-born woman who's also a member of the Route 66 Tea Party, announced her candidacy for the Oklahoma 2nd District Congressional seat from the convention floor. Holding up a copy of Obama's birth certificate, she said "this piece of junk is what you get when you don't have one of these," she finished, holding up a copy of her birth certificate, to raucous applause. When Orly Taitz, the California resident who has pressed the birth certificate issue the most loudly, made an appearance at the convention, she was warmly welcomed and continually stopped for autographs. Although the Federation for American Immigration Reform (FAIR) pulled out of the convention as discussed earlier, several of FAIR's allies still addressed the Tea Party Nation crowd. Phil Valentine, a Nashville radio talk-show host that has featured FAIR on his radio program numerous times, spoke at the convention. During a 2006 town hall meeting broadcast with FAIR staffer Susan Tully, Valentine advised Border Patrol Agents to "shoot" undocumented immigrants.
Convention sponsored by Tea Party Patriots featured Geller; local group leader linked to KKK. Burghart and Zeskind reported that the Tea Party Patriots organization was a sponsor of the Tennessee Tea Party Coalition Convention, held in May in Gatlinburg. The report states: "Notable among the workshops were presentations by Pam Geller, an anti-Islam agitator. As Media Matters has documented, Geller regularly pushes hateful rhetoric about racial and religious minorities. Additionally, the report states:
KT Rolster seem to be in full practice mode to get in shape for the rest of the season. In an interview conducted by the Korean eSports Association, KT's bottom lane duo of Deft and Mata shared their pre-season experiences. As with all teams, KT are looking to adjust to the 10-ban system as quickly as possible and kick off the season with a hot start. Sadly, things may be looking rougher than expected for this super-team. When the interviewer asked if the practices were going well, Deft gave a surprisingly conservative response:
Our win rate isn't very high in practice, but I think we're learning from the losses.
While this newly formed roster may actually have problems meshing together, it's entirely possible that practice results may not be accurately portraying the skill level of the team. LCK teams are known for treating scrimmages like practice rounds, so a low win rate may be a result of high risk-taking or experimentation.
They are still one of the biggest contenders for the LCK spring split, along with other powerhouse teams like SK Telecom T1 or Samsung Galaxy. In fact, when Deft was asked who he was excited to play against, only SKT seemed to be in his mind:
Rather than a specific player, I'm just interested in playing against SKT.
Deft and the rest of KT needs to calm their nerves, however. They will not be facing SKT until the 6th week of the regular season, on March 5th. They have an equal, if not favorable match-up in every position against SKT, with the exception of mid lane. With PawN's recent health issues, pundits are wondering if he can get back to his old form, when he solo-killed Faker multiple times in lane.
KT seems to be wary of PawN's condition too. When Mata was asked who the hidden card of the team is, he responded:
I think PawN is the hidden card of KT. I think he'll be very good when he's playing well, but very bad when playing badly.
KT has gotten off to a hot start, defeating ROX Tigers 2-0 in their season opener. Although it was an expected result, both games went nearly 45 minutes, foreshadowing the level of competition in this year's LCK. KT's next game will be on Thursday, where he will be facing Kongdoo Monsters.
Image credit: KeSPA Youtube Channel
One of the best food documentaries available. Food Inc explores the fact that the way we eat has changed more in the last 50 years than in the previous 10,000 but the image that is used to sell the food it is still the imagery of agrarian America. You go into the supermarket and you see pictures of farmers; the picket fence and the silo and the 30s farmhouse and the green grass. It is the spinning of this pastoral fantasy. The modern American supermarket has on average 47,000 products. There are no seasons in the American supermarket. Now there are tomatoes all year around grown halfway around the world, picked when it was green and ripened with ethylene gas. Although it looks like a tomato it is kind of a notional tomato; I mean it is an idea of a tomato. In the meat aisle there are no bones any more. There is this deliberate veil, this curtain that has dropped between us and where our food is coming from. The industry doesn"t want you to know the truth about what you are eating because if you knew, you might not want to eat it.
If we follow the food chain back from those shrink-wrapped packages of meat you find a very different reality. The reality is a factory; it is not a farm it is a factory. That meat is being processed by huge multi-national corporations that have very little to do with ranches and farmers. Now our food is coming from enormous assembly lines where the animals and the workers are being abused and the food has become much more dangerous in ways that are being deliberately hidden from us. You"ve got a small group of multi-national corporations who control the entire food system from seed to the supermarket they are gaining control of food. This isn"t just about what we are eating; this is about what we are allowed to say, what we are allowed to know. It is just not our health that is at risk. The companies don"t want farmers talking. They don"t want this story told.
My favourite meal to this day remains a hamburger and French fries. I had no idea that a handful of companies had changed what we eat and how we make our food. I have been eating this food all of my life without having any idea where it comes from, any idea how powerful this industry is. It was the idea of this world deliberately hidden from us and I think that is one of the reasons why I became an investigative report was to take the veilâ€¦lift the veil away from important subjects that are being hidden. The whole industrial food system really began with fast food. In the 1930s a new form of restaurant arose and it was called the drive in. The McDonald brothers had a very successful drive in but they decided to cut costs and simplify so they fired all their car hops, got rid of most of the things on the menu, and they created a revolutionary idea on how to run a restaurant. They basically brought the factory system to the back of the restaurant kitchen. They trained each worker to just do one thing again, again, and again. By having workers who only had to do one thing they could pay them a low wage and it was very easy to find someone to replace them. It was inexpensive food that tasted good and this McDonald"s fast food restaurant was a huge, huge success. That mentality of uniformity, conformity, and cheapness applied widely and on a large scale has all kinds of unintended consequences.
When McDonald's is the largest purchaser of ground beef in the United States and they want their hamburgers to taste everywhere exactly the same they change how ground beef is produced. The McDonald"s corporation is the largest purchaser of potatoes and one of the largest purchasers of pork, chicken, tomatoes, lettuce, and even apples. These big, big fast food chains want big suppliers and now there are essentially a handful of companies controlling our food system. In the 1970s the top five beef packers controlled only about 25% of the market. Today the top four control more than 80% of the market. You see the same thing happening now in pork. Even if you don"t eat at a fast food restaurant you are now eating meat that is being produced by this system. You look at the labels and you see farmer this and farmer that, it is really just three or four companies that are controlling the meat. We have never had food companies this big and this powerful in our history. Tyson for example is the biggest meat packing company in the history of the world. The industry changed the entire way that chicken is raised. Birds are now raised and slaughtered in half the time they were 50 years ago but now they are twice as big. People like to eat white meat so they redesigned the chickens to have large breasts. They not only change the chicken they change the farmer. Today chicken farmers no longer control their birds. A company like Tyson owns the birds from the day they are dropped off until the day they are slaughtered.
The chicken industry has really set a model for the integration of production and processing and marketing the products that other industries are now following because they see we have achieved tremendous economies. In a way we are not producing chickens, we are producing food. It is all highly mechanised so all the birds coming off those farms have to be almost exactly the same size. What they system of intensive production accomplishes is to produce a lot of food on a small amount of land at a very affordable price.
We promise to never spam you, and just use your email address to identify you as a valid customer.
Too artificial tasting, but there is a fix I really didn't like it and I definitely would try a different hazelnut next time. If you have ever tried the Blu e-cig coffee flavor, this is pretty similar. However, in order to not waste it (it isn't *that* bad) I added some of the Drake's Vapes Vanilla Trifecta to it and that is actually really good. I've been hitting that mix all day and I'm enjoying it a lot.
Pretty good flavor I enjoyed this smoke juice as it has a nice taste, not too strong and not something you will get tired of.
Subtle New to vaping, so my words may not be as valuable. This flavour is definitely nice, although very subtle. The hazelnut is the dominant flavour, with a nice hint of coffee. Quite an even flavour on the inhale and exhale.
Library of Congress Spanish markets got clubbed today, as PM Mariano Rajoy was announcing a new nationalization scheme for Bankia.
But that was mostly expected.
What freaked out investors was a new report in El Mundo that suggested a new, much-more expensive fire needed to be put out.
In its latest Euro Areas: Sovereign Debt Crisis Update note, Citi summarizes the report:
Reports suggest Spain may need an extra €30bn for banks - Spain may need another €30bn to clean up its banking system on top of the €19bn required by Bankia according to El Mundo. The money would be split along the following lines: €10bn for a balance sheet cleanup and €20bn to raise capital levels, citing government sources. The newspaper argues that the €30bn would go mainly to CatalunyaCaixa, Novagalicia and Banco de Valencia. The newspaper also quoted government sources suggesting that, should the Greece crisis continue and Spanish 10-yr bond spread remain around 500bps, Spain could seek aid from European funds.
And for more on today's big Spanish market selloff, click here >
A chipper Hillary Clinton told reporters riding her campaign plane on Tuesday morning she's ‘thrilled' with her own performance in last night's debate.
Her opponent, on the other hand, did not deliver. ‘Anybody who complained about the microphone is not having a good night,' she shouted at the press as she walked back to her own section at the end of a gaggle.
If Trump decides to bring up her husband's affairs in the next round in retaliation Clinton calmly indicated that she'd be ready. ‘He can run his campaign however he chooses.'
Scroll down for video
A chipper Hillary Clinton told reporters riding her campaign plane on Tuesday morning she's ‘thrilled' with her own performance in last night's debate
A triumphant Clinton mocked Trump's complaints that his microphone was malfunctioning saying it signaled that he had a bad night
Clinton waves as she boards her plane in White Plains, New York, after taking on Donald Trump last night for the first time on the debate stage on Long Island. She spoke to reporters on her way to North Carolina
After Monday's debate Trump took to the spin room to claim that he had a defective microphone that inhibited his ability to perform.
The Republican even suggested that the bipartisan debate commission set him up to help Clinton win the 95-minute slugfest.
Former New York City Mayor and Trump surrogate Rudy Giuliani said Monday evening that he'd skip the next two debates based on what he saw in the first one.
'If I were Donald Trump I wouldn't participate in another debate unless I was promised that a journalist would act like a journalist and not an incorrect, ignorant fact checker,' Giuliani stated.
A GOP White House candidate himself in 2008, Giuliani was quick to add, 'I did not say what I'm advising, I'm saying what I would do. Whatever advice I give to Donald Trump, I'll give to Donald Trump.'
Trump's campaign manager said Tuesday morning the candidate will 'of course' next match, in less than two weeks in St. Louis, Missouri. Trump also committed to attending during as he spoke to NBC News from the spin room on Monday night.
Clinton says she's coming, too. ‘I'm gonna show up,' she stated Tuesday.
'He gets to decide what he's gonna do, but I will be there.'
The Democrat said Tuesday she was reminded of a quote from her favorite baseball player Ernie Banks. 'He used to get so excited...that he'd say, "Let's play two.'
'I'm looking forward to the next debate and then one after that,' she said.
At a rally in Raleigh, North Carolina, Clinton was met with a roar of clapping and cheers.
'Anybody sees that debate last night?' she said, kicking off the event. 'Oh, yes, one down, two to go!'
A few minutes before her Tuesday morning gaggle Clinton's campaign chairman told the crowd of journalists huddled the press cabin as they awaited her arrival that was concerned the second and third presidential debates would not move forward, though.
Responding to DailyMail.com's inquiry about the possibility of Trump hitting back hard, after the GOP contender noted Monday he could have brought up Bill's infidelities but didn't - this time, Podesta said, 'I think he did try to hit hard.'
The former chief of staff to Bill Clinton in the White House said, 'I'm more worried about whether he'll show up the next time.'
'You know, look, when you're blaming the mic the next morning, you're in trouble,' he said, previewing Clinton's swipe at Trump in her own remarks.
Trump opined in the spin room Monday night that the device rendered him inaudible in the debate hall.
'And they also gave me a defective mic, did you notice that?' Trump told reporters. 'My mic was defective within the room.'
The Republican, who has previously accused the committee of rigging the debates for Clinton, said,'I wonder. Was that on purpose?'
On CNN he gave himself a pat on the back for staying out of the mud as Clinton assailed him as a racist and a sexist.
'I was very happy that I was able to hold back on the, you know, indiscretions with respect to Bill Clinton because I have a lot of respect for Chelsea Clinton and I just didn't want to say what I was going to say.'
Prodded during the debate to explain his comments about Clinton's unpresidential 'look,' Trump redirected to his 68-year-old opponent's health.
'She doesn't have the stamina. I said she doesn't have the stamina, and I don't believe she does have the stamina,' he said. 'To be president of this country, you need tremendous stamina.'
Trump said Monday night that Clinton doesn't have the 'stamina' to be president. Today Clinton's campaign flipped the argument on its head and argued that Trump, 70, withered in the second half of the brawl and had to hold onto his podium
'I really did feel that by the end with the kind of snorting and the water gulping and the leaning on the lectern that he just seemed really out of gas,' Clinton campaign chairman John Podesta assessed on Tuesday
Today Clinton's campaign flipped the argument on its head and argued that Trump, 70, withered in the second half of the brawl.
Trump's sniffling during the debate was roundly mocked on social media. Former Vermont Governor Howard Dean tweeted, 'Notice Trump sniffing all the time. Coke user?'
Late Show host Stephen Colbert said on his program, 'He sounds like he was fighting off a cold… of cocaine.'
'I really did feel that by the end with the kind of snorting and the water gulping and the leaning on the lectern that he just seemed really out of gas,' Podesta assessed on Tuesday.
Clinton sidestepped a question about Trump's 'stamina' today in her gaggle with reporters before a flight to North Carolina. She did, however, use it as a springboard for her jab about his microphone.
She said at another point, 'Well I think his demeanor, his temperament, his behavior on the stage...people can draw their own conclusions.'
Clinton campaign hands said Monday evening Trump was a 'unprepared' for the skirmish and came 'unhinged' near the end.
'I thought on several occasions he was making charges and claims that were demonstrably untrue,' the candidate stated on Tuesday.
She said, 'He can run his campaign and present himself however he chooses. But the real point is about temperament and fitness and qualification.
Today is a special day for Nextcloud and me because Nextcloud gets a cool and important new capability. This is end-to-end encryption for file sync and share. Nextcloud supports server side encryption for a long time and all file transfer over the internet is encrypted with
TLS/SSL of course. But there is still the need for full end-to-end encryption to make sure that the data is secure in all scenarios. One
example is that the current server side encryption doesn't protect the data against an evil server admin or if the server is hacked. The new end-to-end solution does that.
This feature is more important then ever in the light of Trump and other governments including western ones like the UK who want to have access to the private data of users.
Please read this blog post about the upcoming dangers in the next few months. European datacenter is no solution, recent developments show
Most requested feature
End-to-end encryption is our most ever requested feature. Users and customers have been asking for this for many many years so I am super happy that we finally do this now. So you might ask “what took you so long?” There are many reasons.
The first is that it is hard. This needs to be done without compromising the user experience. Then we wanted to support as many cores Nextcloud features as possible, for example sharing. And we wanted to do this in a way that doesn't compromise performance. Obviously security is the highest priority and that is hard in itself. But another must have requirement is to make the feature truly enterprise ready. So real key management is necessary and it has to be designed with the assumption that users make mistakes. We don't need another solution that is aimed at technical users, losing their data when they forget their password for example… Our solution doesn't even let users pick their own password, taking away the risk of passwords that are easy to hack due to reuse or shortness! We also wanted to implement this feature fully transparent and native in all clients and fully open source instead of integrating a third party tool. It was hard to find a solution that balanced all these requirements. But I'm happy to say that Björn, who already designed and developed the server side architecture and Lukas our security lead, found a good architecture, with a lot of feedback from a number of other team members of course. This has been a real collaborative effort, building on our years of experience and a good understanding of the needs of our users and customers.
How does it work?
The feature consists of several components. There is the actual encryption and decryption code which is implemented in the Nextcloud iOS and Android apps and in the Mac, Windows and Linux clients. And then there is a server component which is implemented as a Nextcloud app to do the key management. This is useful to make it easy for the users to distribute private and public keys to all clients and share with each other. Obviously the private keys are encrypted with very strong auto generated passwords which are only known by the users and clients and are never accessible by the server. The key server also supports an optional recovery key which can be activated to make it possible to recover lost passwords/keys. This feature can be activated or deactivated to balance user convenience and security. The clients will warn users when the feature is or gets enabled.
End-to-end encryption can be activated by the users on a folder by folder basis. Once a user decided to encrypt a folder everything inside the folder will be encryption including the content of the files and folder and the metadata like filenames. From now on the folder is no longer accessible from the Nextcloud web-interface and WebDAV. But it is still fully readable and writable from iOS, Android and Mac, Windows, Linux. Sharing still works via public keys of other users. The full design is explained here and the architecture is further documented here
Enterprise ready
It was a key requirement to implement this feature in a way that it is not only useful for home users who want to protect their data on home-servers or at service providers. It had to be done in a way that it is useful for companies and other large organisation. We had conversations with some of our bigger customers over the last few months to make sure that this integrated nicely into the enterprise infrastructure and is compliant with existing policies. One example is that we will try to integrate this into Desktops like KDE, Gnome, Mac and Windows and will support Hardware Security Modules.
Where are we today?
This feature will be fully production ready and included in Nextcloud 13 which will be out later this year. But we didn't want to wait until then and announce and release something as soon as possible so we can get feedback from encryption experts and the wider infosec community. So today we have our architecture document ready here. The server component is fully implemented and can be found in our github. There is a preview version of the Android app available which is fully working. The Desktop client and the iOS app are in the middle of the development. You can expect preview builds in the next few days. You can see the development and give feedback in the repositories in github.
More information can be found here:
The software can be found here:
So please give feedback about the architecture and the code if you want to get involved. This is a big step forward to protect the data of users and companies against hackers and organisations who want to abuse it in various ways!
The former chairman of the Federal Communications Commission (FCC) Tom Wheeler called the current plan to kill net neutrality rules an “abomination” on Wednesday afternoon.
The former FCC chairman said current chairman Ajit Pai‘s plan to dismantle the Obama-era Open Internet Order was a “culmination” of a plan for internet service providers (ISPs) to “de-fang” its regulators. The FCC is scheduled to vote on its plan to gut net neutrality, a founding principle of the internet that ensures all internet traffic is treated equally, on Dec. 14.
Pai has said his plan would increase innovation, but critics fear the plan will open the doors for ISPs to “slow down” websites at will, for example, making Netflix slower in favor of their own streaming service.
“The abomination of this is how they're doing it,” Wheeler said. “They're walking away from the responsibility the FCC has had since 1934 to oversee networks.”
Wheeler also disagreed with Pai's assertion that net neutrality rules stifle innovation, calling the claims “untrue.” Wheeler made the comments on Wednesday afternoon with Sen. Edward Markey (D-Mass.) and Rep. Anna Eshoo (D-Calif.).
Markey called the Dec. 14 vote a “day of reckoning” and said he expects the FCC's plan to be challenged in court.
Their calls for the FCC to scrap its plan to dismantle net neutrality rules comes on the heels of both members of the Senate and House of Representatives raising alarms about more than 1 million comments that were fraudulently submitted to the agency as part of the public comment period for its net neutrality repeal plan.
Earlier this week, nearly 30 Senators sent a letter to the FCC asking that its vote on net neutrality's repeal be delayed in light of evidence that a large number of the 22 million comments submitted to the agency were fraudulent and “hundreds of thousands of Americans” had their identities stolen.
New York Attorney General Eric Schneiderman has been investigating the claims. The FCC responded to the senators' letter by calling it “desperate.”
On Wednesday, House Democrats also asked the Government Accountability Office (GAO) to investigate the fake comments and specifically look into the “extent and pervasiveness of fraud and the misuse of American identities” during the open comment period for the FCC's plan to rescind the Obama-era rules that protect net neutrality.”
Pai's plan also appears to be unpopular with internet users.
The results are in, and many of you like the option of wearing black socks with the new Army Physical Fitness Uniform.
You also like the idea to bring back the iconic Eisenhower jacket and a single campaign hat for male and female drill sergeants, but are pretty evenly divided when it comes to whether the blue service cap should be the required headgear for senior NCOs and higher while wearing the Army Service Uniform.
More than 18,500 soldiers responded to a survey, directed by Sergeant Major of the Army Dan Dailey, seeking feedback about five proposed uniform changes.
The survey was sent to a random sampling of about 120,000 soldiers in mid-July. More than 12,000 responded within the first two weeks, but Dailey extended the survey through Aug. 31 in a bid to get more feedback.
"We want to make sure soldiers get a chance to express their opinion," Dailey said when the survey was first launched. "It was very important to the [Army chief of staff] and myself for soldiers to know we're listening to them."
More than 60 percent of the 18,588 respondents voted favorably for four of the five proposed changes. The fifth proposal received a favorable vote from just 55 percent of respondents.
What's next?
The survey findings have been forwarded to the uniform review board for discussion and further recommendation, according to information from SMA's office.
× Fear of missing out? Fear no longer. Be the first to hear about breaking news, as it happens. You'll get alerts delivered directly to your inbox each time something noteworthy happens in the Military community. Thanks for signing up. By giving us your email, you are opting in to our Newsletter: Sign up for the Army Times Daily News Roundup
In addition, Dailey plans to ask Army Chief of Staff Gen. Mark Milley for a decision or guidance on whether soldiers should be allowed to wear black socks with the new, black PT uniform. If Milley signs off, that is the only proposed change that is a simple, no-cost change, and it would give soldiers another option instead of adding another item to their clothing bags.
A uniform board will convene in April to discuss these uniform changes, said Sgt. Maj. Rodger Mansker, the sergeant major for Army G-4 (Logistics). This will be the first uniform board in 18 months, Mansker said. Typically held annually, there haven't been enough uniform matters to gather the 16-member board — until now. It will include a cross-section of troops, from junior enlisted to officers to the SMA and the G-4 himself, Lt. Gen. Gustave Perna.
Board members will receive cost estimates for each proposal, Mansker said. Items that require new development and wear tests, such as the "Ike" Jacket, would be more expensive, he said. Cost estimates are already being tabulated for the survey topics, but Mansker declined to elaborate.
Board votes will be tallied during the one-day meeting and recommendations will be submitted to Milley, who will make the ultimate decision. The Army Secretary is sometimes needed to weigh in, but only for large-scale decisions, Mansker said. It's unlikely the Secretary would need to weigh in on any of changes outlined in the survey, the sergeant major added.
Dailey has said he is "not going to be the uniform sergeant major," but he is pushing these potential changes to uniform items and wear in response to soldier feedback. Dailey also is looking at how these changes also could boost morale across the force.
"If you can raise motivation by fixing things that don't really have a negative effect on the standards and discipline of the Army, why not?" he said.
Here's a closer look at the proposed changes and how they fared with the troops.
Eisenhower jacket
Almost 63 percent of respondents voted in favor of the jacket.
The original "Eisenhower" or "Ike jacket" was made popular by Gen. Dwight Eisenhower during World War II.
The Iconic Eisenhower jacket makes popular by Gen. Dwight D. Eisenhower. (Mike Morones/staff)
A modern, blue version of the iconic Eisenhower jacket.
Photo Credit: Mike Morones/Staff
The proposed jacket would "add one layer of etiquette" for soldiers who may need to go from the Class Bs to a more formal appearance without transitioning to the full Army Service Uniform jacket, Dailey said.
If the jacket is approved, it would be an optional item just like the black sweater, black windbreaker and blue mess uniforms, Dailey said.
Drill sergeant hats
About 62 percent of respondents voted yes when asked if they support a single campaign hat for male and female drill sergeants. The question stems from feedback Army leaders have received from female drill sergeants.
Male and female drill sergeants now have their own distinct hats.
The current male drill sergeant hat evolved from the 1883 campaign hat, according to the Army.
The female drill sergeant hat came into being in 1972. It was designed by Brig. Gen. Mildred Bailey, according to the Army.
Blue service caps
Almost 66 percent of soldiers voted in favor of a single cap for both male and female soldiers to wear with the Army Service Uniform.
From left, Sgts. Justin and Jason Gensler, 23, of Dallas, pose for a portrait, April 9, 2015. The two Soldiers served together at The Old Guard's Company D; both also served on the same casket team. Both are wearing the Army service cap. photo by Damien Salas/Joint Base Myer Henderson Hall PAO
The "bus driver" cap.
Photo Credit: Damien Salas/Army
Known as "the bus driver cap," the question about the blue service cap also stems from feedback that senior enlisted leaders have received from female soldiers.
Service cap vs. beret
Soldiers were most evenly divided on this question, with 55 percent voting "yes," and 45 percent voting "no."
Army leaders asked if the blue service cap should be the required headgear for senior noncommissioned officers and higher while wearing the Army Service Uniform.
This change, if soldiers like it, would affect sergeants first class through sergeants major, warrant officers and officers.
AR 670-1 currently calls for the service cap to be optional for corporals and above. The beret is the primary headgear worn with the service uniform by all soldiers unless directed by the commander, according to the regulation.
Black Beret
Photo Credit: Army
Just like junior enlisted soldiers in their ASUs wear blue trousers while sergeants wear blue trousers with a gold braid, switching to the service cap marks a transition in a soldier's career, officials said.
Black socks
About 67 percent of soldiers said "yes" when asked if they should be allowed to wear black socks with the new Army Physical Fitness Uniform, which is black.
The idea for black socks came up at several town hall meetings Dailey conducted with soldiers.
The sock question was included in the survey to "make sure this is the majority and not just a small contingent" of soldiers who like the idea, Dailey said.
Socks worn during PT should be calf- or ankle-length and plain white with no logos, according to the current Army Regulation 670-1. The socks also must cover the entire ankle bone.
Views of the new Army Physical Fitness Uniform. Credit: ArmyViews of the new Army Physical Fitness Uniform. MSG Owens is the model. Credit: Army
Soldiers support black socks with the new PT uniform by a large margin.
I'm about to reread A Farewell to Alms, by Gregory Clark. The book challenges the conventional wisdom of economists about how and why economies grow. Ask a typical economist for an economic growth recipe and he or she will say “low taxes, property rights, security and stability.” Clark has assembled amazing quantities of data on wages, prices, and rents going back to the year 1200 in England. He demonstrates that England circa 1300 had all of the things that a modern economist says are sufficient to guarantee economic growth and yet its economy stagnated for centuries.
Clark starts with a defense of Malthus. In most societies at most times in human history, Malthus was right. The population expanded until everyone was living at a subsistence level. Given an improvement in technology or health care the long-term result was not that people on average had an improved standard of living, but rather a population of increased size living at an even lower material standard. You had to be robust in filthy Europe to survive infections, but even an underfed weakling was relatively safe from disease in hygienic Japan and China. The consequence was that China and Japan were more densely populated and strikingly poor by European standards right up to the Industrial Revolution.
If Malthus and Clark are right, foreign aid is the ultimate career path for a young person. Western donors are motivated by images of people living in poverty. Money flows in. Even after subtracting for the overhead of running all of the NGOs, a certain amount of food and health care aid reaches the unfortunates. You might expect the NGOs to suffer a reduction in demand and a reduction in donations as the unfortunates begin to look less unfortunate. Malthus would predict that the former unfortunates will have a lot of children and eventually the larger population will be worse off than before, which will result in more dramatic TV images of starving people, more donations, and more job opportunities for our young NGO careerist.
Population growth combined with personal income growth is an anomaly, according to Malthus and Clark. The U.S. population has been growing steadily in recent years and our average inhabitant is no better educated than before. Politicians stand up and angrily ask why average personal income hasn't grown. The real question is why average personal income hasn't shrunk.
It's been more than a year since the state opened the 17-mile toll corridor along Interstate 405. It offers a quicker drive for those willing to pay up to $10 a trip, but has angered many drivers still stuck in heavy traffic.
Each weekday morning, thousands of Eastside commuters have to decide what's more important, time or money.
They can suffer in the crowded general traffic lanes of Interstate 405. Or they can choose the quicker left lane and pay tolls that average $3 — but reach the $10 maximum for at least a few minutes most weekdays.
Now in their second year, the I-405 express toll lanes succeed for some people and fail for others. Kinks are still being worked out.
Even drivers who don't use the toll lanes save an average of five minutes in the morning for the 17-mile trip from Lynnwood to Bellevue, and the freeway serves more people than ever before, official reports show.
But for residents of Snohomish County passing through, the former chokepoint in Kirkland has merely shifted north into Bothell. Just like the Interstate 5 slog into Seattle, trips on I-405 south into Bellevue sometimes still exceed one hour in the general lanes.
That's mainly because the state settled for having only one toll lane and two general lanes in each direction between Bothell and Lynnwood — a move that caught legislators and the Washington State Department of Transportation (WSDOT) by surprise, when jobs and traffic growth roared back sooner than expected after the recession.
The $462 million project changed the free carpool lane into a toll lane, while creating a second toll lane from Bellevue to Bothell. New ramps to reduce weaving also were added. The total cost includes lane and ramp improvements in Kirkland that were completed earlier.
But lawmakers didn't allocate money to widen the tight sections over the Sammamish River at Highway 522 in Bothell.
Within weeks after the September 2015 opening, 32,000 people had signed an online petition to cancel the tolls.
Now, more than a year later, 51,000 drivers per day use the toll lanes, saving an average of 11 minutes southbound and 14 minutes northbound at peak times, end-to-end, compared with the general purpose lanes.
Traffic Lab is a new Seattle Times project that digs into the region's thorny transportation issues, spotlights promising approaches to easing gridlock, and helps readers find the best ways to get around. The project is modeled after our successful Education Lab, launched in 2013 with foundation funding to delve into some of the most persistent challenges in public education. As the business model for newspapers shifts, The Seattle Times continues to look for alternative ways to pay for our public-service journalism. Traffic Lab is funded with the help of community sponsors Alaska Airlines, CenturyLink, Kemper Development Co., Sabey Corp., Seattle Children's hospital and Ste. Michelle Wine Estates. Seattle Times editors and reporters operate independently of external funders who support our work. We maintain full editorial control over Traffic Lab content. In the coming weeks and months, our team will examine issues large and small. We'll look closely at the massive transportation projects under way and explore innovative solutions to highway congestion. We'll design "commute makeovers" for those who are sick of being stuck, and we'll have some fun with traffic trivia. Because we all have to get around, we want readers to help guide our coverage. Send your questions, tips and story ideas to trafficlab@seattletimes.com. Feel free to leave your thoughts or questions in the comments below. And look for future reader call-outs as we ask for your input on specific transportation issues.
Transit agencies that also use the toll lanes say ridership is growing as buses spend less time in traffic.
Despite continued opposition from some state lawmakers, the lanes will be given another year to prove themselves.
House Transportation Committee Chairwoman Judy Clibborn, D-Mercer Island, says she won't hear a bipartisan bill filed by Rep. Mark Harmsworth, R-Mill Creek, to repeal the I-405 tolls.
The state is striving to add capacity by springtime, by turning the northbound right shoulder into a traffic lane from the Canyon Park area to Lynnwood for the afternoon commute.
That won't cure the chokepoint at the Highway 522 junction in Bothell. Nor would it defuse populist complaints that the wealthy can zoom by in “Lexus lanes” while others tap their brakes.
“My big picture is, we have thousands of constituents who are sitting in that north end of 405 traffic, that has definitely gotten worse,” said Rep. Gerry Pollet, D-Seattle, whose district includes Kenmore.
I-405 tolls routinely exceed the $4 state managers said would be a normal weekday max. Commuters are thinking, “I can't do that every day,” Pollet said.
Someone who did is Sheri Clarke, who wrote to thank the state, despite often paying $10 a trip commuting from Mukilteo to work at Puget Sound Energy in Kirkland, before she moved there last fall.
“I saved an hour a day, easily,” she said in an interview. “I'm a happy user.”
The reliability of toll lanes allowed her an extra half-hour of sleep before night shifts, or a quick return home after day shifts.
Even if you don't drive I-405, what happens there may affect the evolution of more toll corridors, including new segments of Highway 509 and Highway 167 — or even I-5 someday.
On I-405, the Legislature has approved plans to spend $1.2 billion adding toll lanes from Bellevue to Renton by 2024, providing two general lanes and two toll lanes each way.
Long, strange trip
David Hablewitz has written “Stop405tolls.org” in white shoe polish on the canopy of his old pickup, which slowed to a standstill leaving Lynnwood on a chilly Tuesday last month.
“This is what the people coming from Snohomish County deal with on a daily basis,” said Hablewitz, a Bothell resident and leading critic of the toll lanes. By the time he reached the Canyon Park interchange, in the left general lane, the toll to Bellevue had climbed to $8.75.
“It's stop-and-stop traffic,” he said. “And yes, the tollpayers are arriving at our speed. They're stopped. So they paid $8 to get in there and sit still.”
Fast facts from a slow road During the first year of I-405 express toll lanes: • The toll lanes collected $15.6 million after operating expenses — triple the expected income. By law, that money must be reinvested in I-405. • Tolls hit the max $10 for at least a few minutes on 55 percent of commute days. • Peak-time drivers saved an average 14 minutes by choosing toll lanes from Lynnwood to Bellevue. • General-lane travel speeds were faster through Kirkland, but time savings vanished for northbound drivers who hit afternoon snarls in Bothell. • Among pass holders, 82 percent used toll lanes 10 or fewer times a month. Between 50,000 and 70,000 drivers a month were first-time users. Source: WSDOT toll division reports
A car escaping the toll lane swerved in front of Hablewitz, who was going 25 mph. His roughly 10-mile drive from Lynnwood to Totem Lake took 30 minutes.
Motorists trailing behind in Lynnwood saw a $10 toll sign by 7:30 a.m.— a clue the lanes were clogged and WSDOT needed to deter cars from entering.
Hablewitz is outraged that the state kicked two-person carpools out of the formerly free left lane unless they pay tolls. He often combines a work trip to Bellevue with taking his daughter to school in Issaquah. To help the lanes flow, WSDOT raised to three the number of people required for free entry.
Fewer than a quarter of toll-lane vehicles are carpooling.
The goal is an efficient 45-mph flow, the speed that moves the most cars per hour, like rice poured through a funnel.
The state reports it's meeting that standard 88 percent of the time, just short of the 90 percent required by federal and state law to receive certain funding, but better than 59 percent in the old carpool-only lanes.
Bill Popp, a traffic engineer and member of the pro-highways Eastside Transportation Association, says people shouldn't be impressed by state figures — after all, total lanes increased from four to five each way in Kirkland at taxpayer expense, and to save serious time, you must accept “double taxation” by paying tolls.
“The benefits would be more fairly and efficiently distributed if that capacity were in the form of general-purpose lanes,” he argued in a Jan. 9 letter to Eastside elected officials.
WSDOT tollway engineer Jennifer Charlebois says that over the 17-mile corridor, road space increased 12 percent, and the system is coping with a post-recession spike in traffic far worse than other Seattle-area freeways. Volumes through Kirkland increased 14 percent this past year.
The opponents' deeper grievance is WSDOT's failure to carry out its 2002 master plan that called for two additional general lanes each way on I-405.
“We're driving on what is a rural highway in the middle of an urban area. They have to increase capacity,” Hablewitz said.
Sooner or later, more general lanes would fill, studies show. Even the 26-lane Katy Freeway in fast-growing Houston bogs down after each widening.
“The fact that if we add two lanes there will be no congestion, that's total (nonsense),” says Mark Hallenbeck, director of the Washington State Transportation Center, a research group at the University of Washington.
Bunching would still happen at the prime hour around 8 a.m., he said, and if afternoon drivers zip through Bothell, they'd just wind up braking in Lynnwood, unless the congested I-5 segment there expands.
Early data from I-405 show the public is better off than before, because an option exists to buy a faster trip, Hallenbeck said. “People have demonstrated they are willing to pay a lot for better transportation service,” he said.
About 82 percent of Good to Go toll pass users paid a toll 10 or fewer times a month, which indicates drivers of all incomes selectively “use the lanes when they need them,” the state says.
“The big problem that exists is still the five-lane to three-lane lane reduction at 522” in Bothell, Hallenbeck says. “There's so little the state can do about it without an infusion of money.
“Does that make the project a failure? No.
“Does that mean it's a roaring success? No.”
Cash cow
Last decade, politicians hoped tolls would be an elixir to finance more highway capacity. The George W. Bush administration promoted tolls to replace gas taxes, as cars become more fuel-efficient. The Obama administration gave Washington state millions to buy toll equipment.
Toll roads are proliferating, thanks to electronic collection technologies that eliminate the need for cars to stop at a booth.
What is success? Toll lanes can affect the general lanes, divert traffic into neighborhoods and attract more transit riders. But just two standards are legal requirements for I-405 tolls to continue beyond a two-year trial period ending Sept. 27, 2017: • Do the I-405 toll lanes flow at least 45 mph during 90 percent or more of peak hours, per federal rules? (They're just short, at 88 percent.) • Is the toll income higher than the operating cost? (Yes.) Peak hours are 5-9 a.m. southbound, 3-7 p.m. northbound.
Corridors similar to I-405 will double in five years, to 750 lane-miles operated by 31 toll agencies, according to the influential engineering firm Parsons Brinckerhoff.
Traffic on all kinds of U.S. tollways, including toll bridges like Highway 520, grew 3.3 percent in 2015, to 5 billion trips, says the International Bridge, Tunnel and Turnpike Association.
In Washington state, where highway construction costs are among the nation's highest, I-405 consultants learned tolls would pay only a fraction of the $462 million spent on the toll lanes and related projects. WSDOT changed its prime goal from financing more road capacity to managing congestion.
But tolls are making money.
Watch tolls change over time on the I-405 Express Lanes south of Highway 527 during the morning commute on Tuesday, January 31, 2017. (Mike Siegel / The Seattle Times)
First-year net income was nearly $16 million or triple the state estimates, and is trending toward $22 million this year.
“They're so popular. We keep raising the tolls, and they don't move out,” Clibborn said.
State transportation commissioners have discussed raising the toll cap to $15, but not this year. In northern Virginia, where no limit exists, the rate hit $29 recently.
Toll windfalls are helping Clibborn and Gov. Jay Inslee pay for adjustments like the Bothell shoulder lane, to aid Eastside commuters.
Clibborn would double down by selling toll-backed bonds next year, to pay for additional improvements.
A $22 million annual toll stream might be enough to sell bonds for half of the $450 million next phase suggested by WSDOT: extend the second toll lane each way from Bothell to Highway 527 at Canyon Park, widen overpasses and build center on-ramps for carpools and toll payers. Gov. Jay Inslee has asked for federal aid in a wish list sent to the Trump administration.
A bond sale would lock in tolls for a quarter-century because the state must guarantee enough income to repay investors.
“Generating revenue means keeping congestion at current levels,” laments Mariya Frost, transportation analyst at the Washington Policy Center, a free-market think tank in Seattle.
Harmsworth, the Mill Creek lawmaker, says he opposes toll-backed bonds and the state should tap Sound Transit 3 tax increases instead, since new toll ramps and lanes would be used by ST3's bus-rapid transit.
Voter passage of ST3, which promised more park-and-ride stalls and bus ramps along I-405, further cemented the toll lanes politically. To have any hope of winning riders, not to mention federal grants, the freeway must offer buses a 45-mph guarantee, which the old free carpool lane didn't accomplish.
“There isn't going to be a light rail through this section anytime soon. Bus-rapid transit has to work,” said Kim Henry, the state's I-405 project director.
For the time being, he's focused on the new afternoon shoulder lane, to open sooner and cheaper than expected.
Henry also admits some concern that congestion may just move 1¾ miles north, where that new lane would end at the I-5 Lynnwood junction.
Yesterday on Disney's website something called Disney Early Morning Magic began popping up under the dining tab. I received a lot of questions about what it is. Here are the details:
Disney Early Morning Magic – Fantasyland
Fantasyland Fun Before the Park Opens
Make your Walt Disney World mornings more magical than ever with a first-access experience in the park!
Rising with the sun on select mornings, Disney Early Morning Magic gives you the chance to be among the first to enter Magic Kingdom park and experience a trio of Fantasyland attractions: The Many Adventures of Winnie the Pooh, Seven Dwarfs Mine Train and Peter Pan's Flight.
Plus, in addition to the early-morning fun, you can get your fill of a fantastic breakfast at Pinocchio Village Haus—featuring such scrumptious breakfast fare as:
Chilled juices, coffee and teas
Seasonal fruit and berries
Freshly baked pastries
Cheese and cured meats
Scrambled eggs with assorted toppings
Vegetable frittata
Smoked bacon
Pork and turkey sausages
Fried potatoes with caramelized onions
Mickey Waffles
Available with the purchase of a separate ticket, Disney Early Morning Magic takes place on select dates beginning at 7:45 AM. However, admission is limited—be sure to buy your tickets before it's too late!
Purchase Tickets Online or Buy Phone
Don't miss this all-new special event at Magic Kingdom park. Purchase your tickets today! Admission to Disney Early Morning Magic is available $69 per adult and $59 per child (tax not included).
Know Before You Go
Learn all you need to know about this special event—including where to check-in and when you can enter the park.
Official check-in will take place near the far left turnstiles of the Main Entrance to Magic Kingdom park beginning at 7:30 AM . Ticketed Guests will receive an event sticker for identification.
. Ticketed Guests will receive an for identification. Starting at 7:45 AM , Guests will be admitted into the park and guided into Fantasyland.
, Guests will be admitted into the park and guided into Fantasyland. The Many Adventures of Winnie the Pooh, Seven Dwarfs Mine Train and Peter Pan's Flight are the only attractions that will be operational during this special event.
are the only attractions that will be operational during this special event. Breakfast will be available at Pinocchio Village Haus from 8:30 AM until 10:00 AM
will be available at Pinocchio Village Haus from 8:30 AM until 10:00 AM At 9:00 AM, the theme park will open to Guests with standard theme park admission tickets and exclusive attraction access will end.
with standard theme park admission tickets and exclusive attraction access will end. Please note that standard theme park admission tickets are required for this event, in addition to a Disney Early Morning Admission ticket.
for this event, in addition to a Disney Early Morning Admission ticket. The number of tickets available is limited. In addition, all tickets are non-refundable, non-transferrable and are only valid for admission during the special event date and hours.
All attractions, entertainment and experiences are subject to change without notice.
How does it work?
You'll pass through security check point. You'll touch your admission ticket or MagicBand with valid park admission (required) at the Mickey touch points. You'll be given a special sticker to wear that gives you the ride privilege. Guests with early park breakfast will not be given the stickers. You'll proceed to Seven Dwarfs, Peter Pan and / or Winnie the Pooh as often as you like. Regular park guests enter at 9am.
Essentially, you'll be given a special sticker to wear, admitted to the park 1 hour and 15 minutes early and given free reign of 3 attractions and provided a breakfast buffet. From what I gather, no dining plans are accepted.
Dates are not yet provided!
It will not replace Extra Magic Hour for onsite guests and will be available for all guests to purchase. If you do this, use the hour for rides and get your breakfast around 9:30am.
Advance payment is required.
You can now book!
The Israeli press notes that Israeli Prime Minister Binyamin Netanyahu and maverick Defense Minister Ehud Barak have been talking up a possible Israeli attack on Iran's nuclear enrichment facilities.
No one knows if the two are just trying to create a threatening environment for Iran, in hopes of intimidating Tehran on a range of issues, or if they are preparing Israeli public opinion for an actual strike. The problem with talking big to scare an enemy, if that is the tactic, is that the talk can spiral into action whether one likes it or not. (This mistake was probably what got Gamal Abdel Nasser into the 1967 war: Israeli hawks such as Moshe Dayan took advantage of his saber rattling to launch an attack, which could be portrayed as preemptive.)
Former Israeli intelligence chief Meir Dagan revealed last spring that he and other security officials had forestalled a Netanyahu-Barak crazy scheme to hit Iran, about a year ago. Dagan said that an attack on Iran was “the stupidest thing I have ever heard.” He was worried that all the adults in the room had retired at once on the security side, leaving the inmates in charge of the asylum so to speak.
If what Dagan said is accurate, then it is entirely plausible that Netanyahu and Barak are up to their old tricks again. On the other hand, it is not clear that they could get their present security establishment to go along. Maariv reported in Hebrew on Nov. 3, according to the USG Open Source Center, that Barak has abysmal relations with his generals, including the chief of staff, Lt. Gen. Benny Gantz. The crisis of confidence extends, Maariv says, to Mossad or Israeli intelligence.
If this report is true, it may well be that Dagan's successors will be impossible to convince on the wisdom of an Iran strike, just as he and his then peers were.
But I myself think that Netanyahu and Barak are bluffing, and have been using opposition from their security establishment as a convenient explanation for why they do not go beyond threats and innuendo.
A key consideration is that it is difficult to believe that Israel would dare launch such an attack without a green light from the Obama administration. Israel will need the US to resupply arms and spare parts if hostilities spiral out of control, and would like help with signals and other intelligence. An angered Obama could drag his feet on such help.
No such green light will be forthcoming while US troops are withdrawing from Iraq, because they will be especially vulnerable to attack at the hands of radical Shiites. Muqtada al-Sadr would likely relaunch his Mahdi Army for this purpose, and everyone in Washington knows this. Obama would not want convoys hit as they headed toward the Kuwaiti border. So the whole thing is out of the question until at least January.
Even after US troops are out of Iraq, the US will want to try to keep as much influence in Baghdad as it can. The Obama administration almost certainly realizes that an Israeli attack on Iran would willy-nilly push Iraqi Prime Minister Nouri al-Maliki into the arms of Tehran. Even the US embassy in Baghdad would be vulnerable to massive attack, especially once the troops are out. Al-Maliki supported Lebanon's Hizbullah against Israel during the 2006 war, and would certainly adopt the same position in the event of another conflict, kicked off by a bombing of the Natanz facility. Al-Maliki's Da'wa Islamiya or Islamic Call Party was partially responsible for the formation of Hizbullah in Lebanon in 1984.
Moreover, Iran can still make a lot of trouble for the US in Afghanistan, which Obama also wants to begin wrapping up, with a planned 30,000 troop reduction in the first half of 2012.
An Israeli attack on Iran would kill what is left of the Arab Spring. Syrians would be forced to rally behind Bashar al-Assad and his Iranian allies. Likely in Yemen as well, Ali Abdullah Saleh would use the attack to silence his opposition.
A budding Tehran-Baghdad-Damascus-Beirut axis would be brought to fruition and strengthened, creating a problem for the US from the Gulf to the Eastern Mediterranean.
Such an Israeli attack would certainly give the Muslim Brotherhood a fillip in the parliamentary elections, which the US would see as undesirable.
An Israeli attack on Iran would artificially put up the price of petroleum significantly for as long as hostilities continued, which in turn could push the US economy into a second dip recession and kill Obama's chances of reelection.
Obama disapproves of adventurism. He was difficult to convince on the Libya War, and wants to be able to campaign on a calming Middle East, not one in flames. President Dwight Eisenhower was furious about the Israeli, British and French attack on Egypt in late October 1956 because it happened days before election day and made him look weak and not in control on foreign policy. For the same reason, Obama would be angered by an attack on Iran now that election season has begun.
So my own analysis suggests that there will be no American green light for Israeli adventurism regarding Iran.
Harper's Index — From the December 2013 issue
Percentage change in the S&P 500 since its pre-crisis peak : +8
In the price of financial stocks : –44
Portion of wages paid in Manhattan that come from the financial-services industry : 1/3
Percentage by which New York City's homeless-shelter population has increased under Mayor Michael Bloomberg : 65
Portion of the city's shelter population who are children : 2/5
Percentage of black U.S. children under the age of five who live in poverty : 43
Portion of U.S. foster children who will experience homelessness by age twenty-six : 1/3
Percentage of Americans who think children are better off when their mothers stay at home rather than working : 51
When their fathers stay at home rather than working : 8
Median age of a U.S. woman giving birth for the first time : 25.7
Getting married for the first time : 26.5
Estimated amount spent globally on fertility drugs and devices this year : $4,054,984,000
Percentage of first-time fertility treatments that fail : 75
Portion of U.S. births from unintended pregnancies that are paid for by Medicaid : 2/3
Percentage change in the portion of uninsured young adults in Massachusetts since the state's health-care reform : –67
Portion of U.S. college graduates who say their job does not require a college degree : 2/5
Percentage of 2012 U.S. law-school graduates not currently in full-time jobs requiring membership in the bar : 43
Portion of hyperlinks included in Supreme Court decisions that no longer work : 1/2
Minimum percentage of all federal background checks handled by the Office of Personnel Management : 90
Percentage of OPM employees who are private contractors : 76
Percentage of Pentagon background checks sampled by the GAO that were processed with insufficient information : 87
Percentage increase in “employee misconduct” at the TSA between 2010 and 2012 : 26
Cartons of cigarettes the ATF lost during a botched sting operation last year : 2,100,000
Estimated chances that a recent crack cocaine or methamphetamine user is not physically addicted to the drug : 4 in 5
Minimum number of retired California public servants receiving pensions of more than $100,000 a year : 21,874
Percentage of rentable property in San Diego County that registered-sex-offender parolees are prohibited from living on : 97
Portion of men in China who say they have raped a woman : 1/5
Percentage of those men who said they did it because they were bored or wanted to have fun : 57
Percentage of flights out of Beijing's Capital International Airport that have left on time this year : 27
Portion of Tajikistan's GDP that is composed of migrant remittances : 1/2
Kilowatt-hours of energy used each year by the average Ethiopian citizen : 52
By the average U.S. refrigerator : 454
Amount the Canadian Armed Forces spends each year on weight-loss surgery for obese soldiers : $220,000
Replacement cost of the munitions used by the U.S. military in the first nine days of its intervention in Libya : $259,200,000
Percentage change from 2002 to 2012 in the amount the United States spent on “security assistance” to other countries : +227
Percentage of U.S. Jews who believe God gave Israel to the Jewish people : 40
Percentage of white U.S. evangelicals who do : 82
Portion of U.S. Jews with Christmas trees in their homes : 1/3
Estimated profit an Illinois zoo has earned since 2008 by selling tree ornaments made of reindeer droppings : $50,000
December Index Sources
1,2 S&P Dow Jones Indices (N.Y.C.)
3 New York State Department of Labor (Albany)
4,5 Coalition for the Homeless (N.Y.C.)
6 Children's Defense Fund (Washington)
7 Amy Dworsky, Chapin Hall at the University of Chicago
8,9 Pew Research Center (Washington)
10,11 National Marriage Project, University of Virginia (Charlottesville)
12 Transparency Market Research (Pune, India)
13 International Committee Monitoring Assisted Reproductive Technologies (Palo Alto, Calif.)
14 Guttmacher Institute (N.Y.C.)
15 The Urban Institute (Washington)
16 Gallup, Inc. (Washington)
17 National Association for Law Placement (Washington)
18 Jonathan Zittrain, Harvard Law School (Cambridge, Mass.)
19 U.S. Office of Personnel Management
20–22 U.S. Government Accountability Office
23 U.S. Department of Justice
24 Carl Hart, Columbia University (N.Y.C.)
25 Harper's research
26 California Attorneys for Criminal Justice (Santa Barbara)
27,28 Partners for Prevention (Bangkok)
29 FlightStats (Portland, Ore.)
30,31 World Bank (Washington)
32 Association of Home Appliance Manufacturers (Washington)
33 Canadian Forces Health Services (Ottawa)
34 Congressional Research Service (Washington)
35 Stimson Center (Washington)
36–38 Pew Research Center (Washington)
39 Miller Park Zoological Society (Bloomington, Ill.)
Credit: WWE.com
Hunk. Beefcake. That actor who always gets groped when he does interviews. These are all common descriptions of Sabotage actor Joe Manganiello. Even though he's a serious performer who graduated from Carnegie Mellon University with a BFA in acting and even directed a documentary about Pittsburgh Steelers fans, he's rarely given the respect he deserves.
Now, in addition to all of the labels about his looks, there's a more substantive one you can add: Huge pro wrestling geek.
"It's theater. But it's theater, [and] it's the circus. I've always loved wrestling. I've been a massive wrestling fan...I consider myself somewhat of an encyclopedia of wrestling knowledge and I think it kind of freaks people out," Manganiello told Bleacher Report backstage at Monday Night Raw. "We were at dinner last night and I just went nuts going through all of the old wrestlers and [it] was like 'dude, you're out of your mind, this is crazy.' To be up there in the ring for the first time...I just hung out backstage and took a picture with [Sabotage co-star] Arnold [Schwarzenegger] and Hulk [Hogan] and put it on Twitter. I was like 'Come on, this is insane, this is surreal." I think it will probably hit me sometime tomorrow."
Being child of the '80s who grew up in Pittsburgh, he was a WWE loyalist through and through. "Growing up, it was Saturday Night's Main Event, it was WrestleMania, dressing up like Macho Man in college—I did a mean Macho Man to the point where one Halloween I put on the Macho costume." It took very little prodding to get him to do his Randy Savage impression for the reporters on-hand, which People Magazine posted to their Instagram account:
While this was Manganiello's first time appearing on WWE programming, he's no stranger to the WWE locker room. "I've done a couple movies with wrestlers, so this isn't the first time I've been backstage. I did Behind Enemy Lines: Columbia with Mr. Kennedy, [who is] Mr. Anderson now in TNA, and Kevin Nash, 'Big Sexy.' So I've hung around here a bit, I know the guys; one of the cameramen, Rico Restroff, is a guy from Pittsburgh, he used to get me tickets all the time, so I'd go hang out with him backstage."
Still, being backstage is a nothing compared to to actually being on Raw. "To go back and rehearse with Hulk and Arnold? Nothing can prepare you for that."
It's not exactly surprising that he idolized Arnold Schwarzenegger growing up. As an aspiring actor with an eye for bodybuilding, it was only natural; but before they met, he was cautious. "A lot of times I've been disappointed when I've met people whose posters I had on my wall as a kid." "But with Arnold, he far exceeded any expectation I could possibly have. He's one of the most incredible people I've ever met it my life. Just [as a] human being, one of the smartest people, if not the smartest [person] I've ever met. He's an icon."
His mind was racing a mile a minute when they first met. "A lot of it at the beginning was like in Terminator when the landlord comes in, and [Schwarzenegger's titular character] has all of those choices and he goes 'F--k you, a-----e!' To me, all of the choices in my brain were like 'Don't be an idiot, don't say something stupid, don't make a fool of yourself...'"
That went on for a while until Arnold made an overture that was very un-Hollywood. "One of the days I went in to eat lunch, and Arnold pushed the tray aside of who was sitting next to him at lunch, and kicked him him out of his chair and sat down next to me. It was like high school. Or prison. So then I got to sit at the cool kids' table and I started loosening up a little bit."
As time went on, they became much closer, obviously finding common ground in their love of fitness and bodybuilding, which led to a very special invitation for Manganiello. "As soon as we were done filming, Joe Weider [founder of the International Federation of Bodybuilding and Fitness] passed away. So [Arnold, who won seven of Weider's Mr. Olympia contests] called me up and asked me to speak at Joe's memorial on behalf of my generation of bodybuilding, which is pretty amazing; to be responsible to carry that message, carry that torch forward. Arnold calls you and asks you to do something, you say yes. So we bonded over that."
To prepare his role in Sabotage, where Manganiello plays a member of a DEA task force, he took on something of a miniaturized mixed martial arts training camp. "It was [at] a martial arts studio, one of [acting coach] David Ayers' buddies growing up is a martial arts instructor, has his own dojo, so I went down there and trained with those guys." Having done boxing training for years, he was by far most comfortable with that part of the training.
On the other hand, on the ground, he was largely humbled like any other newbie. "I'm not an encyclopedia of ground fighting techniques, so really, it was trying not to get choked out for five minutes." He did have a favorite submission hold if he can grab it: The guillotine choke/front facelock. "I have leverage, because I'm tall, so if I can get somebody's throat, I can get them up off the ground."
While he's found major success as both a television and film actor, it's clear that Raw meant much more to him than just being a promotional appearance. "When I was a little kid, my mom asked me what I wanted to be when I grew up, and I was a little kid, and I don't know what I was thinking or what was going through my mind, but I said 'I want to be either a pimp or a pro wrestler.' So I think with Magic Mike and tonight [on Raw], I'm pretty close to the mark."
David Bixenspan is also lead writer of Figure Four Weekly. Some of his work can be seen in Fighting Spirit Magazine.
A Russian airstrike reportedly knocked out of service the last major hospital in rebel-held northern Aleppo out of commission last week, killing a doctor, a patient and wounding dozens more.
The Andan Charitable Hospital, founded in early 2013, had specialists from all fields on staff, from orthopedic surgeons to dermatologists, performing complex surgeries and providing medicine to residents of the northern Aleppo countryside, Adnan Mudlij, a first responder with the hospital and member of the pro-opposition Andan Media Center, tells Syria Direct's Alaa Nassar.
With the Andan Charitable Hospital no longer able to provide care, residents must make the trip 50km north to clinics along the Turkish border.
“There is no other alternative for treatment.”
Q: What areas did the Andan Charitable Hospital serve and what services did it provide?
The Andan Charitable Hospital served most areas in the northern Aleppo countryside by providing surgeries and medicine.
The hospital had an intensive care unit, a laboratory, X-ray machines, and specialists in all types of fields—cardiology, orthopaedic surgery, general surgery, gynecology, internal medicine, ear nose and throat and dermatology.
Q. What was the extent of the damage from the strikes?
The Andan Charitable Hospital was bombed several times previously but wasn't knocked out of service. This time it was, after being hit directly by a Russian airstrike that destroyed equipment, ambulances, gates, water and electricity lines. Two people were killed, including a doctor and a 10-year-old child who was receiving treatment at the hospital. Four other staff members, and 20 patients were injured.
Q: What does this mean for the residents of the north Aleppo countryside?
The seriously wounded were moved to Turkey. The rest of the patients and those with light injuries were moved to hospitals near the Turkish border.
The hospital was the only major hospital operational in the northern countryside apart from the Azaz National Hospital and the Baghdad Hospital in Hreitan, both of which were knocked out of service because of similar Russian airstrikes.
It's worth noting that the clinics located along the Turkish border are 50km away from Andan, and there is currently no alternative for treatment for residents of the northern countryside.
Every offseason NFL fans get treated to a daily bombardment from the rumor mill. Andy Reid will be the Chargers coach. Andy Reid will be the Cardinals coach. Andy Reid will be the Chiefs coach. How do we know which rumor to trust? How do we know what's really going on?
The first thing I do is analyze the reality of the data. During the Chip Kelly Watch some guy running a parody account (as CBS Sports) on Twitter put up a note that the Eagles had signed Kelly to a 5-year, $65M deal. For half a second I bought it. Then…wait…what? $13M a year? Way too much money. I checked more closely and the Twitter account was even labeled a fake.
Often the data isn't that easy to judge. A lot of times we're dealing with opinions or vague reports that can't be confirmed. The first thing to do in this case is judged the source.
Jay Glazer is the one guy who I have complete trust in. Complete. If he reports today that Bubby Brister is going to be the Eagles next coach and will sit atop a horse on the sideline to give himself a more authoritative look, I won't question it for a second. Jay is tight with lots of players and coaches. He gets info directly from them. There is no spin.
Guys like Adam Schefter, Chris Mortensen, and Jason LaCanfora are more difficult. Their reports are largely agent driven. Agents have agendas. Sometimes you are getting legit scoops. Sometimes the agent is trying to create a market for his client or trying to knock a competitor down. NFL teams and executives do leak some info to these guys as well. Sometimes there is an agenda with this.
I can't tell you how to sort through the information to know what's valid or not. Each nugget has a lot of different angles. Just like an intelligence analyst at the CIA, you must be able to gather the information and decipher what it is. I like to think I'm pretty good at this, but I sure know that I'm still wrong plenty of the time.
I'll offer a few quick suggestions. Think about timing. Is the nugget coming out now beneficial to someone? Think about the specific words used by the insider. Is there some word or phrase that could give away the source. Then there's always the good old smell test. Does it simply feel like this is a planted item?
One of the big problems some people have is understanding information vs opinion. NFL insiders are worth listening to for their scoops, but often their analysis is garbage. Peter King watched N.D. Kalu up at Lehigh the summer after the Eagles signed him away from the Skins as a free agent. Kalu had a great day. King said something to the effect to pencil him in for 10 sacks. Kalu had 18.5 in his 4 years as an Eagle. He had 3 the season that King saw him up at Lehigh.
King made a dumb statement today in his MMQB column. He started to talk about the Eagles being turned down by the 3 college coaches. Peter questioned how good of a job the Eagles opening truly is. That's fine. I can live with that. He then covered the press release by the Eagles that explained their discussion with college coaches and followed that up by saying this:
“Fine. But would three premier college coaches say no to the Steelers? The Giants? The Packers? Don't think so.”
Ben Roethlisberger, Eli Manning, and Aaron Rodgers. 8-8, 9-7, 11-5. Those are the QBs and records of those 3 teams. Of course coaches would want to go there. Those teams have franchise QBs in place and played better football than the Eagles. Those are better situations right now.
The only reason the Eagles are looking for a coach is because things went wrong. The team just went 4-12. Very rarely does an NFL team in a coaching search work from a position of strength. You don't get to be a top franchise in the NFL because of what you did in 2004 or 2006 or 2008. This is a fluid situation. The Eagles are in a down cycle. I think it can be changed quickly, but that depends on finding the right coach and QB. Does King think he's offering insight by saying that PIT, NYG, and GB are in a better situation right now? Does he also want to mention that water is wet and the Sun is a tad on the warm side?
Another King tidbit of interest. Back in 2007 he offered up a report at halftime of a Notre Dame game that sources around the league expected Kentucky QB Andre Woodson to be a Top 10 pick, possibly as high as the #3 overall pick. Woodson was picked in the 6th round by the Giants.
Peter is a smart guy. He's got good connections. But even he will say dumb things and report some things that are just miles away from being true.
The real key with the insiders is to focus on what they report as information given to them. That's the stuff worth paying attention to. I do think Chris Mortensen has a good football mind. He is the one guy that I'll listen to for analysis. The others are almost clueless when it comes to their opinions.
It can help to know a reporter's background. Schefter worked in Denver. He's tight with agent Peter Schaffer (who used to live in Denver…still might). Schefter is sorta tight with Mike Shanahan. John Clayton has worked in Pittsburgh and Seattle. Pay attention if his stories involve those teams. And so on. I can't cover every guy, but over time you can start to figure out who knows what and why.
What about the local guys? Les Bowen, Reuben Frank, Jeff McLane, and Geoff Mosher have all broken stories. They have a variety of sources. Sometimes their stuff comes from agents. Other items come from misc sources. Some come from the Eagles themselves. I trust all four for the most part. McLane did get adversarial with Reid down the stretch and that had to be noted. It sure seemed like he was getting “info” from Joe Banner for a bit. When “league sources” ripped Reid, that was Joe sticking it to Big Red. Now that Reid is gone, that stuff will die down a bit. I'm sure Banner will dig at the Eagles when he can, but Reid was his primary target since the split-up.
Dave Spadaro cannot spill the beans, but is important to read him in the offseason. He can offer hints on some situations. I don't have any recent examples, but every year there are useful nuggets about free agency, the draft, or just the roster in general.
Howard Eskin is a tricky subject for me. Since I don't live in Philly, I don't hear everything he reports. I know he's been way off more than a few times, but I don't think you can completely ignore him. He gets a good item every now and then.
His report on Mike McCoy having a bad interview is one of the most controversial for some reason. I believe him. Why? He didn't say it in an over the top “I've got a huge scoop” fashion. Also, the buzz on McCoy died down so quickly that it sure felt like news got around the league. I know McCoy is talking to San Diego and possibly Arizona, but that doesn't mean that he didn't have a bad interview with Lurie and company. I wish I could verify this for you, but in reading between the lines, I'm guessing Eskin is right on that subject.
One huge point must be made. This isn't all a way to pick and choose which stories are favorable to the Eagles. The goal is to try and find out what the truth is. Which players are we going after? What's right with the team? What's wrong with the team? What mistakes were made?
Reading the negative stuff and deciding what is legit and what's not is just as tricky as everything else. The classic example is Michael Silver's hatchet job on Howie Roseman. Silver called Howie a “shakedown artist” and ripped him up and down. Well, Silver was being used by Jason Licht, who lost a power struggle to Roseman. Howie was described as someone that other teams didn't want to deal with. I think Howie has made about 12,000 trades since then and gets along just fine with most teams. Silver did a pro-Howie piece in March of 2011, just a year after the rip job. I'm sure Howie talking to him and offering some good nuggets is what got the article written.
So the Eagles were victims of smear one year and then got the writer to do a puff piece the following year. That's the NFL and the spin cycle for you.
There is a lot more noise out there than news. Hopefully you'll have a better idea of how to figure out which is which. If not, just trust me. Just like Sex Panther cologne, 60 percent of the time, I'm right all of the time.
IT feels like every superlative in the book has been used to describe NSW's 2017 Origin capitulation.
The Blues began the series on the front foot with a huge win at Suncorp Stadium, the largest margin any side has won by in an away game in the competition's history. Every man and his dog declared the horror decade over and prepared for a rare series win.
Then disaster struck.
NSW crumpled under Queensland in two shock defeats to close out the series. A number of controversies within the camp — ranging from Blake Ferguson and Josh Dugan ducking out for a beer and speculation over an Andrew Fifita spat at administration — surfaced after Game 3 in Brisbane.
Andrew Johns looked close to tears as he saw his former side crash and burn, labelling their second half in Game 2 the “dumbest he's ever seen” before former coach Tommy Raudonikis slammed their “big heads” before claiming he was “dead serious” about taking the coaching reins again.
Looking back at the series as a whole, the answer for the Blues' series loss is clear: Queensland wanted it more.
Aussie sporting icon Kerry O'Keeffe took an almighty swipe at the NSW camp after the water settled, claiming the selectors should be copping more of the blame.
“I don't care if Laurie (Daley) stays on or not,” he said on FOX Sports' Back Page Live Tuesday night. “It's not Laurie's (fault). It's the selectors. They've got to start choosing character above talent.
“And the players. They've got to take full responsibility for the whole series on and off the field.
“They have to breed out this selfishness that's a part of NSW rugby league. There was selfishness on the field and there was selfishness off the field — and it cost them the series.”
The former Aussie leg-spinner said Queensland's sheer desire to win — and NSW's lack of it in comparison — was the fatal difference in the two sides.
“Queensland have always played selflessly,” he said. “That's the big advantage they have over NSW. (The Blues must) rid that from the culture in the State of Origin team and make the players fully responsible.”
“Skull” then gave his own piece of advice to Laurie Daley.
“Laurie can handle the buses and the media conferences,” he said. “The players have to take responsibility for the series.”
The Courier-Mail journalist Robert Craddock weighed in on the Fifita controversy which encapsulated the Blues camp.
“When he was told he would be starting on the bench (in place of David Klemmer) — I know it's been denied — but Klemmer actually said ‘I was told I was starting',” he said.
“All the Queensland boys were talking about it and it was the one thing you could say that wouldn't happen in the Maroons team. Switches happen all the time behind closed doors.”
O'Keeffe agreed, saying NSW have to be more selective of players before offering them a Blues jumper.
“Evaluate the character and then the talent,” he said. “And if the character gets a tick, pick them.”
From the April 2015 issue
If you were surprised when Ford sent us the first turbo four-banger Stang in three decades for a November-issue road test and it showed up with an automatic, raise your hand. (Okay, put your hand down, the dentist is getting nervous.) The EcoBoost was the supposed “enthusiast's deluxe” model, meaning lighter and nimbler than a GT and with the efficiency of a compact. But an auto? Just when the non-GT Mustang was shedding that secretary-car stigma?
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
We have a feeling that the car's gearing was why Ford opted to send us the automatic first. Manuals with the Perform­ance package ($1995) come with the slightly shorter 3.55:1 rear-axle ratio, which is just short enough to make 60 mph a two-shift run. This is why this ­manual, at 5.5 seconds, isn't as quick to 60 as the auto, or even last year's V-6, both of which hit 60 in 5.2 seconds.
View Photos MARC URBANO
Fortunately for the NHRA-minded, the extra shift doesn't hinder quarter-mile performance. Both manual and automatic (even a 2013 V-6) run identical 13.9-second ETs, with the manual crossing the line 4 mph faster. However, the turbo Stang with a stick has a large, 1.8-second advantage by 110 mph, which takes 16.2 seconds.
A Mustang EcoBoost with the Perform­ance kit will out-corner and outbrake any pre–Coyote V-8 GT, and it'll hang in a drag race with it, too. All while returning 47 percent better EPA city fuel economy and 24 percent better highway mileage than the new 5.0. Even with lots of wide-open acceleration, we averaged 22 mpg, the EcoBoost's EPA city rating.
View Photos MARC URBANO
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
The turbo 2.3-liter makes 310 horsepower and 320 pound-feet of torque, numbers that used to mark V-8 territory. Sadly, it doesn't sound or feel V-8–thrilling while motivating 3657 pounds of Mustang. With its throttle matted, the engine drones like a late-model pickup struggling to clear a mountain pass, and it's shamed by the silky four-pots from Honda and Volkswagen. And that's with the electronic octaves that Ford pumps through the stereo.
Plus, those 310 horses gallop only after drinking premium. Pump in regular and the engine makes less; Ford will not tell us how much. Try to remember what grade you pumped before racing for pinks.
View Photos If the turbocharged four-cylinder sounded half as good as the blacked-out treatment looks, Ford would really be onto something. MARC URBANO
Spending the extra $1595 on Recaro buckets is well worth it, because the Performance pack's 19-inch Pirelli P Zeros impart 0.98 g of lateral grip. The new independent rear suspension and a stiff structure contribute here, too. This Mustang balances ride and handling better than any pony car that preceded it.
That the manual EcoBoost is no quicker than the previous V-6 is a major letdown. Ford Racing has an engine reflash coming later this year that will bring a yet-to-be-specified power bump covered by warranty. Maybe the following year that engine tune will be standard equipment and Ford will require premium rather than merely recommend it. The deluxe enthusiast can dream.
