It has become increasingly difficult for Americans to climb the economic ladder, says Joseph Stiglitz, a Nobel-prize winning economist.
The U.S. has one of the highest levels of income inequality among its peers and is among the worst in offering equal opportunities for advancement, said Stiglitz, who spoke Tuesday in New York City. Whether an American gets ahead is also more dependent on the income and education of their parents, he said.
"The American Dream is a myth," said Stiglitz.
A left-leaning authority on income inequality who teaches at Columbia University, Stiglitz is on a publicity tour for his new book, The Great Divide, which is a compilation of his articles on unequal societies for the New York Times, Vanity Fair and other publications.
His timing couldn't be better. Income inequality and economic mobility have already emerged as hot topics for the 2016 presidential election, with candidates on both sides of the aisle offering their prescriptions for solving the growing income gap. Stiglitz is one of several economists who has spoken with Democratic presidential hopeful Hillary Clinton on these issues.
Related: Share your story: Are you living the American Dream?
Stiglitz argued that income inequality in America is not just the result of market forces, but also politics and policies put in place by lawmakers and companies, particularly after Ronald Reagan's election in 1980.
He noted that the post-World War II era was prosperous for both the American economy and its workers. But since then wages have stagnated, with median income falling to where it was 40 years ago. Meanwhile, CEO pay has risen to 300 times the average worker's income, up from 30 times. He also said that minimum wage jobs are increasingly held by a family's primary breadwinner, instead of a teen looking for part-time work.
According to Stiglitz, there's no magic bullet to solving income inequality. One way to combat it, he said, is to lessen the monopolist power of companies, which leads to lower wages.
Rykane Member
Join Date: Jul 2010 Location: Glasgow, Scotland Posts: 153
Rykane's X-55 Rhino A-10C Profile
I will update the profile whenever I have time if I find something that needs fixed or if I find a better assignment for a key.
*Note* I have assigned the speedbrake switch forward/aft to two different keys, If the speedbrake switch forward/aft buttons are assigned to the slider it will only act as a toggle which means you cannot enable or disable the speedbrakes incrementally.
I have also included a set of .lua files for the 1.2.8 Open Beta. I found a bug where the previous set of .lua files where unable to load within the beta so I made another set. They are unreliable and have a tendency to not load correctly. If the 1.2.8 .lua files don't work try the other set of files.
Anyone is able to edit this profile as they see fit, if you don't like where a button is assigned you can change it around. Don't forget to post it up on the forums for other people to try out too.
Rykane's X-55 Rhino A-10C Profile
HOTAS Layout
Installation Instructions
1. Unzip/Unrar the file anywhere on your computer (preferably your desktop)
2. You will see the following:
3. Load up the game and goto Settings -> Controls -> Layer: A-10C Sim - All
4. Click on the keyboard category (click any keybind within the column) and click load profile and browse to where you extracted the files. Click OK.
5. Repeat step 4 for the x-55 throttle and stick. (In order to identify which column is which hover over the "Saitek Pro Flight X-55" heading in the column and it will show which device it is.)
6. Once step 4 and 5 are completed make sure the axis are assigned correctly. To do this click axis assign at the bottom of the page. Double check that the X, Y, RZ(
If you have rudder pedals you can clear this axis assignment) and Throttle X and Y are set to the correct bindings.
7. Quit the game and go to the following path on your computer, C:\Users\Public\Documents\Mad Catz\X-55 Rhino
8. Copy the RykanesX55a10cprofile-v0.1.pr0 file into this directory and load up the X-55 Software
9. Right-click the software icon in the task bar tray (notification area) and select RykanesX55a10cprofile
10. That should be you set, load up the game, happy flying and have fun moving mud!
If you have any questions please PM me or reply to my thread within the forums. I will do my best to reply to you. Thanks.
I'm also going to try and make profiles for all the other modules when I have time.
Hi guys, I decided that I would make a DCS:A-10C profile for my Saitek X-55 Rhino. This profile is heavily based off of Shein's X-55 Rhino profile but I've added a few adjustments and a few more buttons.I will update the profile whenever I have time if I find something that needs fixed or if I find a better assignment for a key.I have assigned the speedbrake switch forward/aft to two different keys, If the speedbrake switch forward/aft buttons are assigned to the slider it will only act as a toggle which means you cannot enable or disable the speedbrakes incrementally.I have also included a set of .lua files for the 1.2.8 Open Beta. I found a bug where the previous set of .lua files where unable to load within the beta so I made another set. They are unreliable and have a tendency to not load correctly. If the 1.2.8 .lua files don't work try the other set of files.Anyone is able to edit this profile as they see fit, if you don't like where a button is assigned you can change it around. Don't forget to post it up on the forums for other people to try out too.Unzip/Unrar the file anywhere on your computer (preferably your desktop)You will see the following:Load up the game and goto Settings -> Controls -> Layer: A-10C Sim - AllClick on the keyboard category (click any keybind within the column) and click load profile and browse to where you extracted the files. Click OK.Repeat step 4 for the x-55 throttle and stick. (In order to identify which column is which hover over the "Saitek Pro Flight X-55" heading in the column and it will show which device it is.)Once step 4 and 5 are completed make sure the axis are assigned correctly. To do this click axis assign at the bottom of the page. Double check that the X, Y, RZ() and Throttle X and Y are set to the correct bindings.Quit the game and go to the following path on your computer, C:\Users\Public\Documents\Mad Catz\X-55 RhinoCopy the RykanesX55a10cprofile-v0.1.pr0 file into this directory and load up the X-55 SoftwareRight click the software icon in the task bar tray (notification area) and select RykanesX55a10cprofileThat should be you set, load up the game, happy flying and have fun moving mud! Attached Files Rykane's X-55 A-10C Profile - v0.1.zip (353.2 KB, 472 views)
CPU: Intel(R) Core(TM) i7-3770k CPU @4.50GHz RAM: HyperX FURY 32 GB (4 x 8 GB) 1866 MHz DDR3 Main Graphics Card: NVIDIA TITAN X Pascal 12GB
[/B]Monitor: Samsung 22" S22B300H Series 3 Full HD LED Monitor OS: Windows 10 Professional 64 Bit HOTAS: Thrustmaster Warthog Headtracking: Track IR 4
__________________CPU:RAM:Main Graphics Card:[/B]Monitor:OS:HOTAS:Headtracking: Last edited by Rykane; 04-06-2014 at 11:35 AM .
Failure is an option
Description : Motivational speeches and aphorisms are clichés. Frances Buontempo wonders if they sometimes do more harm than good. by Frances Buontempo
Category: [ Journal Editorial ]
Description : Motivational speeches and aphorisms are clichés. Frances Buontempo wonders if they sometimes do more harm than good. by Frances Buontempo
Introducing Concepts
Description : Concepts in C++11 had many false starts. Andrew Sutton show why they are a big deal now they are with us. by Andrew Sutton
Category: [ Programming Topics ]
Description : Concepts in C++11 had many false starts. Andrew Sutton show why they are a big deal now they are with us. by Andrew Sutton
Building and Running Software on an Ubuntu Phone
Description : Many of us has a smartphone. Alan Griffiths shows us how to hack an Ubuntu Touch phone. by Alan Griffiths
Category: [ Programming Topics ]
Description : Many of us has a smartphone. Alan Griffiths shows us how to hack an Ubuntu Touch phone. by Alan Griffiths
Password Hashing: Why and How
Description : Password hashing is important. Sergey Ignatchenko explains how to do it properly. by Sergey Ignatchenko
Category: [ Programming Topics ]
Description : Password hashing is important. Sergey Ignatchenko explains how to do it properly. by Sergey Ignatchenko
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports. The news and stories that matter, delivered weekday mornings.
Sep. 17, 2016, 8:18 AM GMT / Updated Sep. 17, 2016, 2:00 PM GMT / Source: Reuters By Cassandra Vinograd
The chorus of condemnation over North Korea's nuclear test carried calls for strong action from China — but Beijing continues to back its reclusive neighbor.
Despite the provocative display of force just 50 miles from its border, Beijing's response to the nuclear test was relatively muted: China's foreign ministry denounced the move and Pyongyang's disregard for international objections.
But the nuclear test has ratcheted up tensions in the region that could directly impact China. Given Beijing's unique relationship with the rogue nation, why hasn't China taken steps to rein in North Korean leader Kim Jong-un?
It's complicated.
Whose responsibility?
Defense Secretary Ash Carter left nothing to the imagination when he said China shares an "important responsibility" for North Korea's nuclear provocations — and should "use" its influence to defuse the situation.
North Korean leader Kim Jong-un speaks with scientists and technicians involved in nuclear weapons research. KCNA via EPA, file
Beijing is the isolated nation's lifeline — in terms of diplomacy and trade — as well as its most important ally.
China may have rebuked North Korea's for the Sept. 9 nuclear test, but it hasn't explicitly said whether it will support tougher sanctions against Pyongyang.
That's what the U.S., Japan and South Korea, are pushing for — while also raising the stakes.
Two American B-1B bombers flew over the Korean peninsula this week in a show of force intended to demonstrate U.S. resolve against North Korean aggression.
One major problem standing in the way of any potential action from Beijing? Many in China view the North Korea issue as a dispute exclusively between Pyongyang and the U.S., according to Zhang Liangui, a regional expert at China's Central Party School.
Related: What You Need to Know About North Korea's Nuclear Test
"For China to exert too much pressure on North Korea is tantamount to helping the U.S.,” Zhang explained. "But after the recent fifth nuke test, this point of view is losing ground."
Who's provoking who?
It doesn't help matters that Beijing views U.S. and South Korean actions — like joint military exercises — as exacerbating the issue by ramping up North Korea's fears of attack.
"Washington and Seoul take the view that the North's provocations require more military exercises, whereas Beijng is of the view that it's the military exercises that are encouraging [North Korea] to accelerate its nuclear program," explained Timothy Stafford, a research fellow at PacificForum-CSIS.
That was reflected in a recent editorial in China's official People's Daily newspaper, which called the U.S. a troublemaker with no right to lecture about taking responsibility for keeping North Korea in check.
Activists set fire to a portrait of Kim Jong-un during a protest in Seoul, South Korea, against neighboring North Korea's recent nuclear test on Sept. 10. JUNG YEON-JE / AFP - Getty Images
The United States is doing less and less for the public good in international affairs, "but its vigor for trouble-making has not diminished an iota," the newspaper said in the commentary.
It said the U.S. "needs to seriously look back at how things have developed with the nuclear issue on the Korean peninsula, and really think about an effective resolution method and assume its responsibilities."
Further complicating matters?
Many in Beijing see American steps to neutralize the North Korea nuclear issue as a "cover" for pushing ahead with another another objective: containing China. The planned deployment of an American missile-defense shield — THAAD — to South Korea has served to fan those fears.
What are the options?
Personality conflicts and paranoia aside, all sides have expressed concern over the escalating North Korea nuclear situation — though for different reasons.
Academics and the Chinese general public appear split over what comes next, largely because there are two competing views when it comes to the risks.
"One view is that destabilization and regime collapse in North Korea and chaos along the border with China is the main danger to China's security, the other view is that the escalating nuclear program of North Korea and the prospect of nuclear war is an even bigger danger to China,” Zhang explained.
If not purely for proximity's stake, it might seem in Beijing's best interest to diffuse the situation by taking aggressive steps aimed at containing the 32-year-old Kim, who took power upon the death of his father in 2011.
"China doesn't believe sanctions work"
So why not adopt its own measures against North Korea? There are a few reasons, experts say.
"Beijing's calculation is that time is on its side," Stafford said in an email. "With every day that passes, South Korea's economy grows more reliant on China's due to increased trade and investment. This makes it more likely that a government will emerge in Seoul that is more focused on maintaining good relations with Beijing than with Washington."
According to Stafford, what Beijing really wants to avoid is the collapse of Kim's regime and reunification with the South — resulting in a unified Korea with a pro-U.S. foreign policy and American troop presence.
"Its assessment is that that its ability to block that outcome is strengthening as time goes by," Stafford added.
So now what?
Calling for more sanctions isn't expected to have a large impact on the calculus, according to John DeLury, associate professor of East Asian Studies at Yonsei University's Graduate School of International Studies.
“China has never budged in its view that you don't get progress on denuclearization through sanctions," he said. “Based on its national interests and based on its own estimates on how you influence North Korea, China doesn't believe sanctions work."
That may be partially due to the risk or knock-on effects China might face if sanctions actually have an impact. Beijing wants to ensure its economic concessions to North Korea are safeguarded. It also wants to avoid a potential humanitarian crisis on its borders spurred by a collapse of the Kim regime.
That could help explain contradictions between Beijing's words and actions on the issue.
On the one hand, Beijing publicly supports the United Nations-led economic sanctions and expresses resolute opposition to a nuclearized North Korea. On the other, Beijing loosely enforces those sanctions and allows critical supplies of food and oil to cross the border.
The ties between North Korea and China run deep, with the relationship characterized by some former Chinese leaders as "close as lips and teeth."
Risking that relationship over the nuclear issue could be a short-term solution that leads to more problems in its wake, warned Yang Xiyu, a senior research fellow at the China Institute of International Studies.
“Some Americans like [Secretary of Defense] Ash Carter say China should cut all economic connections with North Korea, but what will happen after this?” Yang said. “America doesn't care about those consequences."
He added: "If China did cut all economic ties and United Nations assistance, will Kim Jong-un truly stop nuclear testing? Nobody in China believes that for a second. "We can't create new troubles just because we want to singularly solve one specific problem like North Korea's nuclear weapons — the U.S. has given us many recent lessons on this.”
Samantha Bee wants to give respect where respect is due. Sort of.
The “Full Frontal” host paid grudging tribute to Donald Trump's “omnipresent spokes-cobra” Kellyanne Conway on Wednesday by inducting her into the show's “Great Feminists in Feminism Herstory Hall Of Lady Fame.”
“Kellyanne did turn Trump's upended porta-potty of a campaign around and get him elected pretty much singlehandedly while raising four children and probably being interrupted every three minutes by the alpha-bro jock-straps Trump likes to surround himself with,” said Bee. “She is fucking amazing at her job and she deserves credit.”
“But not everyone is celebrating,” Bee continued, before breaking down just why that's the case. Namely, because Conway is a master of spin, adept at dodging journalists' questions, happy to contradict herself on every occasion and willing to say “literally anything” that people want to hear.
“Why the hell is he the president instead of her?” asked Bee. “Kellyanne is the soulless machiavellian despot America deserves. [...] You changed history and possibly ended it.”
At White House, Kasich stumps for Obama trade deal, takes dig at Trump
Ohio John Kasich speaks at the White House on Sept. 16, 2016. (Photo: Michael Reynolds, EPA)
WASHINGTON — Ohio Gov. John Kasich made a stern and impassioned pitch at the White House Friday for a controversial trade agreement that has electrified the 2016 presidential election, widening the gulf between the Republican governor and his party's nominee, Donald Trump.
In a remarkable political moment, Kasich stood in the White House briefing room next to President Obama's top spokesman and defended the Democratic president's most pressing policy priority: the Trans-Pacific Partnership, a sweeping trade deal between the U.S and 11 other countries.
Kasich blasted his former colleagues in Congress for balking at the deal, accusing them of putting their own political fortunes ahead of the good of the country.
"There are people in the House and the Senate who will play pure politics with our future," Kasich said. "I would call on my former colleagues in the United States Congress to think about the implications of saying 'no' to the trade deal.
Trump has made opposition to the TPP and other free-trade agreements a centerpiece of his campaign. In a clear dig at Trump, Kasich suggested the GOP contender was offering simplistic solutions to lure in voters who have been left behind economically.
“Sometimes simple proposals to solve difficult problems sell, but they never work,” Kasich said. In an apparent reference to Trump's anti-immigrant platform, he added that blaming Mexicans and other immigrants for stealing American jobs is “a simple way to scapegoat” and “that's just wrong.”
Kasich's comments followed an Oval Office meeting with business and political leaders – a group Obama described as “people whose business it is to make sure that America has a strong position in the world and that our economy is improving.”
But the primary purpose seemed to be to show a bipartisan determination to get the trade agreement passed by the end of Obama's presidency. Both Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton and GOP nominee Trump have said they oppose the trade deal.
“We're going to spend some time strategizing about how we can get the message out. It's frustrating, I think sometimes, that there's so much misinformation floating around on this,” Obama said. “And I thought it was important for people, even though we're in an election season, to know that this is not something I'm letting up on.”
Trump has vowed to kill the TPP and renegotiate the North American Free Trade Agreement, saying such trade deals benefit corporations at the expense of American workers. In making that argument, Trump has upended Republican political orthodoxy. The GOP establishment has long held that free trade is beneficial for the U.S.
But with Trump's rise, Republicans who once staunchly backed free trade have started to back away from such deals. Sen. Rob Portman, R-Ohio, for example, has come out against TPP, despite supporting all previous free trade agreements and once serving as President George W. Bush's chief trade negotiator.
With his appearance at the White House, Kasich seemed to be trying to pull his party back to its roots on trade. Kasich conceded some Americans will be “displaced” by TPP, but he argued that more would be hurt by failure to embrace the pact.
“If you don't trade, you hurt consumers,” Kasich said. “If you don't trade, you hurt innovation. If you don't trade, you withdraw from the world.”
It's an issue, Kasich added, where politics should go “out the window and the good of the American people has to be respected.”
Kasich was a Republican presidential candidate but withdrew after conceding defeat in the primary. In an interview scheduled to air Sunday with NBC's Meet the Press, Kasich reiterated his opposition to Trump, saying it's “very, very likely I will not” vote for Trump.
USA TODAY reporter Gregory Korte contributed to this story.
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/2csgfkg
10 shot, 3 fatally, in Thursday city violence
A 15-year-old boy was among three people shot dead, and at least seven more people were wounded in separate attacks on the South and West sides of the city on Thursday.
The teen, Bruce Owens, was slain about 9 p.m. in Englewood's 6900 block of South Stewart, where someone walked up, shot him repeatedly in the chest and abdomen, and then took off in a dark-colored vehicle, according to Chicago Police and the Cook County medical examiner's office. The boy later died at Comer Children's Hospital, police said. Owens lived in the 6900 block of South Harvard.
About 10 p.m. in Gresham, a person returned to their home in the 8000 block of South Bishop to find 28-year-old Chase Taylor dead with a gunshot wound to the head in the living room, authorities said. Taylor lived on the block where he was killed. Area South detectives launched a homicide investigation.
Thursday's first homicide happened about 9 a.m., again in Englewood. Marvin Johnson, 37, was walking near his home in the 7000 block of South Carpenter and was approached by two people who shot him multiple times, authorities said. Johnson died at Christ Medical Center in Oak Lawn at 10:01 a.m., authorities said. The shooters ran away after the shooting.
The latest nonfatal shooting happened about 7:45 p.m. in Homan Square, where someone shot a 49-year-old man in the leg in the 700 block of South Lawndale. He was taken to Mount Sinai Hospital, where his condition was stabilized, police said.
Just before 7 p.m., a blue car pulled up to a 21-year-old man outside in the 7100 block of South Woodlawn in Grand Crossing and shot him in the hip. His condition was stabilized at Christ Medical Center, police said.
Another man, 32, suffered a hip wound in Englewood at 6:24 p.m. in the 6700 block of South Normal, police said. He was stabilized at Stroger Hospital.
About 6 p.m., a 16-year-old boy was inside a vehicle in the 11000 block of South Ewing on the Far South Side when he was shot in the head, police said. The vehicle he was in then crashed, and he was taken to Christ Medical Center in critical condition.
About the same time, someone shot an 18-year-old man in the hand, arm and leg in the 4800 block of South Throop in the Back of the Yards neighborhood, police said. He was in critical condition at Stroger.
At 12:19 p.m. in Greater Grand Crossing, three people walked up to a 20-year-old man in the 7700 block of South Michigan, and one of them shot him in the leg, police said. His condition was stabilized at St. Bernard Hospital.
A 50-year-old man was shot in the leg in Thursday's first shooting, which happened in Austin when two people pulled him out of his car as he warmed it up about 4:15 a.m. in the 5000 block of West Ohio, took $100 from him and then opened fire, police said. He was taken to Mount Sinai in serious condition.
Six people were shot in Chicago on Wednesday, leaving one dead. Since midnight on Jan. 1, at least 174 people have been shot across the city. About 81 percent of the shootings have happened on the South or West sides.
It's rare to hear about genetics and advertising platforms in the same sentence, but new startup SnapAds has put together an ad service that effectively combines the theory of natural selection with banner ads – with very impressive results. The startup, which shares a number of founders with Weebly (though the two companies are unrelated), has created a system that dynamically adjusts the appearance of banner ads over time to maximize engagement. And it seems to work – a three day trial campaign for a recent film saw an increased clickthrough rate of 1922% over three days (not a typo).
To create a campaign, advertisers provide SnapAds with a special Photoshop file containing a number of specially-tagged layers with all of the art and text assets they'd like to potentially display in their banner. Advertisers can create rule sets specifying which layers are allowed to appear together, allowing them to ensure that SnapAds never generates an ad that is nonsensical or potentially offensive. Once all of the rules and assets are in place, the platform can get to work.
http://vimeo.com/moogaloop.swf?clip_id=2337612&server=vimeo.com&show_title=1&show_byline=1&show_portrait=0&color=&fullscreen=1
The process initially begins by displaying ads with a smattering of random combinations of the assets. As time goes by, the system identifies the most successful ads and allows these to “live on”, further modifying them towards perfection as the failures die off. Co-Founder David Rusenko says that a fully refined ad takes around one million impressions, but that the system never stops optimizing. Because user interest in an ad will typically wane after it's been seen multiple times, SnapAds will continue to modify the ad indefinitely. The platform can also recognize when certain ads are more successful at different times, and will keep multiple branches of an ad “alive”, showing each at the appropriate time.
Rusenko says that to use the service advertisers will need campaigns consisting of at least 1 million impressions (SnapAds is not currently self-service), and that each ad is recommended to have 3-6 variables with 2-8 possible values each. Today's announcement coincides with the launch of a SnapAds-powered campaign on Reddit and Wired for the AXE Detailer (man loofah).
While the initial results are promising, it's too early to tell just how successful SnapAds will be. The system isn't magic – it can't automatically generate a new, especially appealing button or image. These assets will all need to be provided by the advertiser, and if there is nothing innovative to work with, SnapAds will only be able to offer slightly different permutations of the same generic ad. That said, provided the ad agencies can come up with a little creativity, the SnapAds service could prove to be very successful.
TAMPA — If you thought the mix of protesters converging on next week's Republican National Convention was as combustible as it could get, think again.
The Westboro Baptist Church, notorious for its venomous protests against gays at military funerals, on Thursday received a permit to speak on a city-provided stage outside the convention. The Topeka, Kan., church is scheduled for half an hour at 4:30 p.m. Tuesday.
The city is allowing groups to sign up for 30-minute turns on the platform, which comes with a microphone, a sound system and a location at a designated city protest area just north of Tampa Bay Times Forum.
Westboro's Shirley Phelps-Roper told the city the group would be "speaking on the policies of disobedience" of convention attendees. On its website, the church says it also plans to picket the media outside the Tampa Convention Center before it takes the stage and will return Wednesday to picket the convention outside the Times Forum. Then it's off to Charlotte, N.C., for a similar appearance at the Democratic National Convention.
Out-of-town officers arrive for RNC
Hundreds of law enforcement officers from across the state convened Friday at the University of South Florida for one more meeting about First Amendment issues, training and philosophy. Sheriff David Gee spoke at the gathering, which was closed to the public for security reasons.
Authorities have not released the exact number of law enforcement working the RNC, other than to confirm it is "approximately 3,000" officers. (Previously, city officials have put the number at more than 3,500.) All of those officers have arrived in Tampa, none deterred by the prospect of Tropical Storm Isaac hitting Florida — a scenario raised earlier this week.
Jessica Vander Velde, Times staff writer
The good news about Tropical Storm Isaac
One upside to the potentially rainy forecast: heat-related illnesses could be less of a problem for convention delegates, protesters and others who must be outside. Health officials preparing for the event have been blanketing everything from Twitter to the sides of buses with warnings to stay hydrated, seek shade and use mosquito repellent.
Doctors at walk-in and urgent care clinics in the area are being asked to monitor and report increased cases of heat illness, so emergency operations managers can place resources where they are needed most. But if Isaac brings only gray skies and moderate rain, it might not be so bad.
"If it's hot and sunny, we could be facing an overwhelming task," said Dr. Catherine Carrubba, mass casualty director for Tampa and Hillsborough County. "If it's overcast and raining, it won't be so bad. Either way, we're prepared."
Twitter users can go to @CityofTampa to get their convention health and heat information.
Irene Maher, Times staff writer
City needs donations of water and ice
Tampa officials appealed on Friday for additional donations of bottled water and bags of ice to keep police cool as they work the RNC.
"They are already going through what they have very quickly and their goal is to have an overabundance," Shannon Edge, city neighborhood and community relations manager, said in an e-mail appeal.
Starting Sunday, the Salvation Army is providing multiple semi-trailer trucks loaded with water for the RNC security forces and protesters.
To donate, e-mail Edge at [email protected]
Richard Danielson can be reached at [email protected], (813) 226-3403 or @Danielson_Times on Twitter.
(CNN) -- A group of atheists has filed a lawsuit to stop the display of the World Trade Center cross at a memorial of the 9/11 terror attacks.
The "government enshrinement of the cross was an impermissible mingling of church and state," the American Atheists say in a press statement.
The group says it filed the lawsuit this week in state court in New York and posted a copy of the lawsuit on its website.
The lawsuit names many defendants, including the state of New Jersey, the city of New York , New York Mayor Michael Bloomberg and New Jersey Governor Chris Christie.
The World Trade Center cross, two intersecting steel beams that held up when the twin towers collapsed on September 11, 2001, is seen as iconic to some.
The cross was moved Saturday from near a church to its new home at the 9/11 Memorial and Museum. There was also ceremonial blessing of the cross in a service led by Father Brian Jordan, a Franciscan monk who ministered to workers clearing the area after the 9/11 attacks.
Joe Daniels, 9/11 Memorial president, said Saturday that the cross is "an important part of our commitment to bring back the authentic physical reminders that tell the history of 9/11 in a way nothing else could.
"Its return is a symbol of the progress on the Memorial & Museum that we feel rather than see, reminding us that commemoration is at the heart of our mission."
But the atheist group says the cross sends a symbol of something different.
"The WTC cross has become a Christian icon," said Dave Silverman, president of the atheist group. "It has been blessed by so-called holy men and presented as a reminder that their god, who couldn't be bothered to stop the Muslim terrorists or prevent 3,000 people from being killed in his name, cared only enough to bestow upon us some rubble that resembles a cross. It's a truly ridiculous assertion."
Another Sunday full of talking heads concerning their empty little selves with how Politifact's ridiculous Lie of the Year determination might hurt Democrats.
For the talking heads, health care is merely a political issue to be used as a tick upward or downward on the scorecard for 2014, because of course it has no impact on actual real people, right?
In this particular segment, they worry their little heads over how President Obama is viewed through the lens of the health care issue as if they have nothing to do with that perception, while rattling their worry beads over how it will adversely impact Democrats in 2014.
If only Politifact had been around when George W. Bush was lying to us about Iraq and WMD. Maybe we could have saved thousands of lives by opposing that war before they sent troops into that godforsaken place for no specific purpose other than settling the score and Dubya's Daddy issues.
Meanwhile, our panelists completely ignore the true liars in Politifact's lie of the year: Insurers. Once again, I urge them to read the transcript of an actual telephone call which took place in 2010 luring an insured in a grandfathered plan out of that plan and into one that wasn't grandfathered.
On the topic of grandfathered plans, I have yet to figure out any benefit to them. Grandfathered plans are expensive and don't have many of the consumer protections in ACA-compliant plans. They amount to a junk policy that could be replaced easily enough with a plan on the exchange or else an excessively costly policy that isn't nearly as good as ones on the market now. Whenever I ask someone with a grandfathered plan why they want to keep it, the answer is usually that they're afraid the ACA will be repealed and they want to hedge their bets.
Here's a news flash: The repeal train has left the station with no passengers. Republicans don't want to repeal the ACA; they just want to attack it because they think they're scoring lots of political points. They think it's just great to use it as a pawn in their midterm game, and this panel is willing to assist them in any way they can. I repeat: Republicans need the ACA and a willing pundit class to set up their 2014 midterm strategy.
↓ Story continues below ↓
Meanwhile, Republicans are actively destroying our economy, haven't lifted a finger to create jobs, are obsessed with lady parts, are completely fine with our crumbling infrastructure, and are threatening to melt down everyone's financial security by making threats about the debt limit yet again.
When are we going to take this narrative back and start focusing on the good the ACA is doing for people? I know I'm grateful in our personal situation, I know of many families finally getting some access to health care at rates they can afford, and those stories are being told. Why aren't our pundits talking about them? That was a rhetorical question. We all know negativity sells.
I have one question for every person on this panel. Do they think that an uninsured person who was just diagnosed with cancer gives one whit for whether some right-wing, overprivileged person with a crappy insurance policy can't keep it? Or do they suppose that just-diagnosed person will be grateful their life was saved because they could actually still get health insurance for an affordable rate?
You figure it out, and maybe someday the Villagers will, too.
The Affordable Care Act originally passed the House in 2009 with 220 votes, all but one of them Democrats. Recently 251 members of the House, including 22 Democrats, voted to postpone for one year implementation of the heart of the act -- the individual mandate to purchase health insurance. If this were any other issue, liberal commentators might see a governing majority emerging in favor of delaying Obamacare.
In the last couple of years, House Republicans have voted over and over to repeal the president's health care plan. It got to be routine. Not long ago, however, the Obamacare battle took a turn toward the bizarre.
The cause was the administration's decision to delay by one year the mandate requiring big businesses to provide health coverage for employees or pay a fine. The White House acted in response to complaints from business owners, who called the mandate burdensome.
So Republicans thought: What about all those individuals out there who believe the mandate requiring them to buy coverage or pay a fine is just as burdensome? As the GOP saw it, the White House listened to big business but ignored the little guy.
So Republicans came up with a two-part strategy that would, among other goals, sound out House Democrats' attitudes toward Obamacare less than three months before it is to become a reality in American life.
First, Republicans introduced a bill that would write into law what the president had already done by fiat -- that is, delay the employer mandate a year. That seemed unnecessary, and a little mischievous, but the serious point, according to one House GOP aide, was to emphasize that "the president can't just determine which laws he's going to follow and when he's going to follow them."
Even though it was largely moot, Obama took the move seriously enough to take the somewhat odd action of threatening to veto a bill that would duplicate his own policy. And when the White House argued that the postponement legislation "would cost millions of hard-working middle-class families the security of affordable health coverage and care they deserve" -- remember, the bill would simply codify an action Obama had already taken -- the White House's position veered into the surreal.
The House voted on July 17, and in the end 35 Democrats voted in favor of the president's delay, while 160 voted against it. It's hard to interpret exactly what that means, but it doesn't seem good for Obama.
The second part of the GOP strategy was introducing the bill that would delay the individual mandate the same way Obama had delayed the employer mandate. The purpose, Speaker John Boehner said in a special floor appearance, was "to make sure families and individuals get the same break from Obamacare that the president wants for big businesses." The 22 Democratic votes in favor of the delay provided another sign that doesn't look good for the president. Boehner sent out a press release claiming "bipartisan opposition to a partisan train wreck."
Seemingly unsteadied by a turn of events that included his own threat to veto himself, Obama took to the White House East Room for an Obamacare pep rally. The Republicans were clearly on his mind.
"Yesterday, despite all the evidence that the law is working the way it was supposed to for middle-class Americans, Republicans in the House of Representatives voted -- for nearly the 40th time -- to dismantle it," the president said. "We've got a lot of problems in this country ... and yet, instead we're refighting these old battles."
Perhaps the battles would indeed be old if Democrats had written a law that went into effect a year or even two years after it was passed. But Obamacare became law more than three years ago and still hasn't gone into effect. Of course the battle is still going on.
Now the House bills go to the Democratic-controlled Senate, where they will die. But Republicans will try to ensure a noisy death. "We can make sure it doesn't get bottled up in committee," says one Senate GOP aide, "and then try to attach it to something on the floor." That means there will at least be some debate on the delays, even though Majority Leader Harry Reid will never allow a vote on them.
And after that? Republicans don't quite know. But they are confident that the coming implementation of Obamacare will give them more chances to undermine the health care law. "We had these two votes," says the GOP House aide, "because the president gave us an opportunity to take another whack at it."
The Socioeconomic Costs of Ocean Acidification
Seawater's lower pH will affect food supplies, pocketbooks, and lifestyles
The increasing acidification of the oceans is measured in pH units, but its impacts on people will be measured in dollar signs, says Sarah Cooley. Commercial and recreational fishing, tourism, the protection of shorelines by coral reefs—all could be harmed by ocean acidification that is already well under way. Not to mention the hard-to-quantify-but-significant cultural and lifestyle changes that communities will have to make to adapt to changing marine ecosystems.
In other words, ocean acidification is not just a problem for corals and other marine life. It has the potential to change the way humans feed themselves, earn their livings, run their communities, and live their lives.
“What goes around comes,” said Cooley, a postdoctoral researcher at Woods Hole Oceanographic Institution (WHOI). “Ocean acidification is definitely an anthropogenic problem [resulting from human activities] but it will come back and influence human communities.”
A marine chemist by training, Cooley sought a way after graduate school to apply her scientific know-how to socioeconomic problems. Working with WHOI marine chemist Scott Doney and Hauke Kite-Powell from the WHOI Marine Policy Center, she is trying to predict what ocean acidification will do to the marine resources that people living in New England, or western Africa, or island nations depend on, and she is looking toward what we can do to prepare for those changes and perhaps mitigate the worst of them.
“We're working on ways to put a dollar value on the potential losses that could occur due to ocean acidification, so we can go to policy-makers and say, ‘It's going to cost X many dollars in lost jobs and lost fishing revenues, but if we do Y money's worth of planning now, we'll be in good shape,' ” she said.
Shell game
Like climate change, ocean acidification is a global problem that results from the enormous increase of carbon dioxide, or CO 2 , released into the atmosphere, primarily from burning fossil fuels. Although ocean acidification and global warming stem from the same source, they are different problems, said Cooley; acidification is a matter of simple chemical reactions that have been understood for more than 100 years. Excess CO 2 in the air dissolves in seawater and forms carbonic acid and, through a series of other reactions, reduces the amount of carbonate in seawater.
That is bad news for many of the so-called calcifying sea creatures that use carbonate and calcium to build their shells or skeletons. “The waters are becoming less and less welcoming for shelled organisms,” Cooley said.
Experiments done at WHOI and elsewhere show that in seawater containing high levels of CO 2 ,corals have difficulty making new skeleton and may have existing skeleton dissolve away; many calcifying plankton struggle; mollusks such as oysters and scallops find it harder to build and maintain shells; and juvenile mollusks grow more slowly and have more abnormalities and lower survival rates. Among calcifying organisms, only crustaceans such as crabs and lobsters appear to tolerate low carbonate levels; some even make thicker exoskeletons under such conditions. On the whole, though, more acidic seas and lower carbonate levels could spell trouble for hundreds of species, the ecosystems they belong to—and the human communities that depend on them.
'Not just a dollar thing'
In a paper in the December 2009 issue of Oceanography, Cooley and her coauthors described how ocean acidification could endanger some “ecosystem services”—the benefits to human societies provided by healthy ecosystems. Coral reefs, for instance, bring tourism income, protect shorelines from erosion, and provide habitat for fish that may be the main source of protein for local people.
Trying to put a dollar value on the benefits provided by coral reefs is difficult, said Cooley. “If my property doesn't get destroyed by storms because the reef is there, does that save the entire property value? How do I count it over time? Do I amortize it? It's a squishy thing to value.”
Squishy or not, one thing is certain: The figure is very, very high. Cooley found that the worldwide value of shoreline protection by coral reefs has been estimated at $9 billion a year; shoreline protection plus reef-supported fisheries was valued at $30 billion a year.
For island nations, the exact figure could be less important than the proportion of the economy that depends on the reefs. In 2006, direct income from coral reef tourism provided 15 percent of the gross domestic product of the Caribbean island of Tobago. Add indirect income—“dinners tourists ate, tchochkes they bought, umbrella drinks they bought”—and the total comes to 30 percent of the GDP. “Without that [reef tourism], the economy of Tobago would be one-third smaller,” Cooley said. “And how many people would be out of work?”
Healthy reefs and mollusk populations also are a key element in the cultures of many island and maritime societies. “Quality of life is not just a dollar thing,” Cooley said. “Even if we can't put this into an equation, there's still an intrinsic value that we need to preserve.
“Think about coming to Cape Cod. You go into every gift shop, and there's the little shell-related doodads. If [in the worst-case scenario] there's no more scallops because they've all been acidified, well then there are no more shell-related doodads, and we will have lost something on the Cape.”
People, protein, and pressures
Cooley found that ocean acidification's likely impacts on the seafood industry are easier to predict. According to the Food and Agriculture Organization of the United Nations, the first-sale value of ocean fisheries worldwide was more than $91 billion; aquaculture of marine organisms generated another $79 billion.
Although the oceans are global, ocean acidification isn't uniform, and its effects are not the same everywhere and on every species. Fisheries that depend heavily on mollusks, such as those in New England, would likely be hit harder. Fisheries in Hawaii and Alaska should be less vulnerable, because mollusks make up a tiny fraction of the catch there.
Then again, Cooley said, the finfish catch may also decline, because many of the fish we like to eat, such as haddock, halibut, herring, flounder, and cod, depend heavily on mollusks for their own nourishment. Even top predators, the animals that eat the haddock, herring, and cod, could be affected. Swordfish, tuna, shark, and salmon are on that list.
Cooley said ocean acidification might be especially harmful to island nations and parts of the developing world where seafood is a major source of protein. Established models show that carbonate will become increasingly scarce in the oceans over the next 90 years, squeezing most calcifying organisms into a shrinking zone of tropical waters where carbonate levels will be highest (though still much lower than today's levels). Working with estimates of human population growth and food needs, Cooley determined that tropical regions will come under simultaneous stresses from ocean acidification and increasing demand for dietary protein. These stresses occur in combination with other environmental pressures, such as temperature rise, watershed changes, and pollution.
“We're layering pressure upon pressure, and as a result, in 20 years or 30 years—within our kids' lifetime—things are not going to be the same any more,” said Cooley. In particular, “more people may be going hungry.”
Coping with the changes
Ocean acidification won't lead to empty oceans, Cooley said. Some animals will tolerate higher acidity; some may even thrive on it. But there will probably be fewer species overall, and the mix of species in a given locale will almost certainly change. Already, along the coast of Washington state, upwelling currents have brought more acidic water from offshore into near-shore areas and are suspected to have contributed to a drop in shellfish hatchery yields. At the same time, in a nearby coastal area, a pH decrease of about half a pH unit was associated with a shift from a thriving community dominated by mussels and calcifying algae to one dominated by seagrasses, non-calcifying algae, and invertebrate species that don't make shells—and that humans don't like to eat. Similar changes have been observed elsewhere.
“The world is probably going to march on without these species, but it might be darn uncomfortable” for us, forcing our economic and cultural systems to change, she said. “The [natural] communities are going to be very, very different. And different might be OK—maybe. There still is an ecosystem to be had. But a lot of the things that we really enjoy, that our communities depend on, are not going to be there. We may be able to find other awesome things about the new communities, but chances are, the options will be limited.”
The only long-term remedy for ocean acidification is to reduce the amount of CO 2 we discharge into the atmosphere. That will involve the same sorts of actions touted to combat climate change: conserve energy, use renewable energy sources, and so forth. But, Cooley said, even if we were to end CO 2 emissions tomorrow, there is so much already in the atmosphere that the oceans would continue to acidify for centuries to come.
In other words, we have no choice but to deal with ocean acidification.
“We need to make adaptations first, as we look toward [longer-term] solutions,” Cooley said. One example, she said, is establishing and maintaining marine protected areas that provide refuges for species that might be under a number of stresses. Another is to shift from single-species to ecosystem fisheries management strategies—for example, to focus less exclusively on managing one species, such as cod, and instead consider the many factors, such as weather, human-caused pressures, and interactions with other organisms, that affect the ecosystem where the cod live.
Aquaculture operations, which could become a major source of protein for human communities, could begin cultivating species that are fairly resistant to ocean acidification; or they could join forces to adjust the pH of ocean water brought into their facilities.
“I think it's feasible if several aquaculturists were to get together now and think, ‘OK, in the next 10 years we want to do a larger facility that treats incoming water before we rear the spat. That's going to be a better use of our resources than competing individually and some of us going out of business,' ” Cooley said.
Global problem, regional answers
And when people are put out of work by ocean acidification and other pressures on ocean ecosystems, said Cooley, “we need to have community measures in place to retrain them and help them move into [jobs] that are equally valuable for themselves and the community." If a person who has lost his maritime job "is flipping burgers or greeting people at a big-box store, is he going to be a happy guy? No, because he went into fishing as a career because he loved the water and he loved doing that. And some kind of dramatic shift from what his traditional role has been may not be all that satisfying to him.”
Any proposed strategies will have to be regional, because impacts from ocean acidification are regional, said Cooley. Policy-makers and communities in each locale will have to ask, “How are we going to manage our fisheries in the face of this additional pressure? There's definitely no one-size-fits-all answer, unfortunately.”
Cooley said she's glad communities and policy-makers are starting to think about ocean acidification.
“Our ultimate goal is to talk to people about ocean acidification and how it might affect their endeavors,” she said. “One of the best currencies to do that, no pun intended, is economics. Because people always want to know when their interests are at stake.”
This work is supported by the National Science Foundation and the WHOI Marine Policy Center.
Suspenseful it may not have been, but the 2016 Tour de France was nip and tuck in one way: the time gaps behind the winner. Chris Froome's victory margin was 3min more than in 2015 ahead of Nairo Quintana, but the gap to the rider in 10th was only 7min compared with 17min last year; 21min in 2014 for Vincenzo Nibali and 17min again in 2013. Incredibly, after 89 hours of racing, a mere 180 seconds spanned the riders between second and 10th. What this says are that Froome may be a decisive winner but he is not as dominant as, say, Miguel Indurain or Lance Armstrong who would pulverise the race. This points to a levelling of the playing field within cycling, given that only one team – Movistar – placed more than one rider in the top 10 overall.
Chris Froome's Tour de France win puts him among greats | William Fotheringham Read more
Some of Froome's future challengers will lie within that top 10, but there are absentees. Similarly, it doesn't figure that just because a rider has finished, say, eighth in 2016, that he will automatically return in 2017 stronger, wiser, and with a better team, and in a position to challenge Froome as he and Sky attempt to win a fifth Tour for the British team in six years.
Some of those within the top 10 produced their best Tours in several attempts, suggesting this might be an “outlier” performance – Daniel Martin is the obvious example here, with all due respect to one of cycling's best climbers and most spectacular riders. Thus far, Martin looks like a brilliant one-day rider who has turned in the best Tour of his career; there is nothing to say he will improve further.
Beyond the obvious names, who have won at least one Grand Tour and confirmed that performance – Nairo Quintana, Vincenzo Nibali and Alberto Contador – and old lags such as Richie Porte and Thibaut Pinot, what prospects for 2017 have been thrown up by this year's race?
Romain Bardet
The obvious name, given that he has produced two decent Tours in a row (fifth in 2015, with one stage win, second in 2016, with one stage win), he is improving year by year and he doesn't appear to suffer from the inconsistency that afflicts French cyclists, who appear to suffer from being in the spotlight. Crucially, Bardet appears able to get through the first week of the Tour without struggling too much, while he is clearly learning year on year to find openings for himself. He has weaknesses compared to Froome, however, starting with his team, Ag2R. While probably the best value for money squad in cycling – Leicester to Sky's Chelsea – and a model in terms of youth development, with eight “home-grown” riders in this year's Tour team, they don't have Sky's budget or firepower. Bardet will have to get lucky to beat Froome. He will also have to improve his time trialling.
Adam Yates
There has to be a chance that, having produced a Tour way above expectations in 2016 at the age of only 23, Yates may suffer a dip in performance the following season before bouncing back the following year. However, Yates's trajectory to date has been sufficiently precocious – stage race wins, a Classic win in his second year – to suggest that he may buck that trend. It's equally interesting to speculate about what will happen if Orica decide to unleash their other two bright stage race prospects – Yates's twin brother Simon and the Colombian Esteban Chaves – alongside Adam in the French race. If the trio can be kept together and made to function as a unit with a strong squad built to back them, with a clever directeur sportif in Matt White to keep them in order they just might present Sky with a serious challenge, if not next year then in 2018.
Louis Meintjes
The South African followed 10th in the Vuelta in 2015 with eighth in the Tour this year. Meintjes rode through the Tour even more unobtrusively than Adam Yates and would have stepped into the white jersey had the Briton faltered; he was only 2min slower in Paris. Meintjes has a background in Belgian racing – a spell at the UC Seraing and the Lotto-Belisol under-23 team – and picked up his first stage race win last year. Clearly he can time trial and climb excellently, but the big question is whether he can develop at the Lampre team, where he transferred this year from MTN-Qubeka.
Adam Yates: ‘I'll be close to the back, working out who looks good' Read more
Fabio Aru
One bad day does not a lousy Tour make. The 2015 Vuelta winner cracked on the final Alpine stage, which dropped him out of the top six overall, but in spite of the frustration he can treat this as a valuable learning experience in his first Tour. Crucially he got through the first week intact; later in the Tour there were flashes of brilliance, such as his third place in the Megève time trial to Froome and Tom Dumoulin and he attacked harder than most, albeit to no avail. He will return, older and wiser and stronger.
Miguel Ángel López
Yet another climbing prospect from Colombia, the 22-year-old hasn't even ridden the Tour de France but should be closely watched. In 2014 he won the Tour de l'Avenir, the traditional proving ground for talent of the future, while this year he scored a surprise win in the Tour of Switzerland. Not surprisingly given his youth, the Astana team are keeping him under wraps, but he could quite feasibly play a role in the 2017 Tour given the rate at which he is progressing.
Threat of US-Russia clash grows after Washington cuts off Syria talks
By Bill Van Auken
5 October 2016
In the wake of breaking off bilateral talks with Moscow on efforts to achieve a truce and political settlement in Syria, the Obama administration is reportedly convening a meeting today to consider escalating US military intervention in the war-ravaged country.
The so-called Principals Committee, to be attended by the secretaries of state and defense, the chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff and the CIA director, as well as top White House officials, is being convened amid an increasingly dangerous escalation of tensions between the US and Russia, the world's two largest nuclear powers.
The Washington Post reported Tuesday that the meeting would consider classified proposals that include “bombing Syrian air force runways using cruise missiles and other long-range weapons fired from coalition planes and ships, as well as other acts of military aggression.”
An unnamed administration official is quoted by the Post as reporting that, in order to placate White House concerns over launching such direct military attacks against another country without authorization from the United Nations Security Council, it has been proposed that the strikes be carried out “covertly and without public acknowledgment.”
According to the official cited by the Post, both the CIA and the Joint Chiefs of Staff have already “expressed support for such ‘kinetic' options.” Another unnamed senior administration official told the Post that both the Pentagon and the CIA were backing such a military option because “the fall of Aleppo would undermine America's counterterrorism goals in Syria.”
This is of course a propaganda pretext for the launching of another direct US military intervention in the Middle East. What the US military and intelligence apparatus really fears is that the Russian-backed Syrian government offensive to overrun eastern Aleppo will deprive the so-called “rebels,” who have been armed, funded and directly paid by the CIA and US regional allies—Turkey, Saudi Arabia and Qatar—of their last stronghold in western Syria's major population centers. This would spell a crushing reversal for the five-year-old war for regime change orchestrated by Washington.
The claim that this would “undermine America's counterterrorism goals” only underscores the fraud of the US war on terror. The principal fighting force inside Aleppo is made up of the long-time Syrian affiliate of Al Qaeda and allied Islamist militias.
While the Post article suggests that President Barack Obama will likely reject the proposal for military action, the combined pressure of the CIA and the military command may well force a shift in policy. A full meeting of the National Security Council, including the probable participation of Obama, is expected as early as next weekend, when a decision would likely be made.
At the same time, Russia's Defense Ministry announced Tuesday that it is beefing up Russian air defense systems inside Syria, deploying an advanced S-300 surface-to-air missile battery to protect the Russian naval base in the Syrian port city of Tartus. Given that the Islamist “rebels” have no air force, such weapons systems are intended to raise the cost of any US strikes on Russian and Syrian government positions.
The breakdown of the Syrian ceasefire talks and the menacing military escalations by both sides are the product not merely of individual truce violations. On the US side, these were egregious, with the US-backed militias carrying out hundreds of attacks. Even more decisive was the September 17 US bombing of a Syrian government outpost near the town of Deir ez-Zor, which killed and wounded nearly 200 troops. While the Pentagon claimed this airstrike was an accident, Syria has charged that it was intentional. It served to blow up the ceasefire deal and prevent the implementation of a joint targeting and intelligence-sharing agreement with Russia that the US military command openly opposed.
Underlying the clashes over the ceasefire are the diametrically opposed aims pursued in Syria by US imperialism on the one hand and the Russian government of Vladimir Putin on the other. Washington is intervening in Syria not to fight terrorism or champion human rights, but to further its longstanding drive to assert unchallengeable US hegemony over the Middle East and its vast energy resources, and to deny access to both Russia and China. It is prepared to prolong the bloodshed as long as necessary to bring about regime change and prevent Russia from consolidating a government under current President Bashar al-Assad, or a successor that is amenable to Russian interests.
For its part, the Putin government sees Syria as part of a broader struggle against the US drive to militarily encircle Russia. It fears that a successful US regime-change operation in Syria would serve as a stepping stone toward direct intervention in Russia, including through the unleashing of CIA-funded Islamist fighters drawn from Russia's Caucasus region. A US-backed client regime in Damascus could help funnel such separatist forces, already trained on the Syrian battlefield, back into Russia to serve as Western proxies in a campaign to destabilize and ultimately dismember the Russian Federation.
While there was a defensive element to Moscow's intervention, in the final analysis it is directed at defending not the interests of the masses in either Russia or Syria, but rather those of the ruling oligarchy that seized its wealth and power in the criminal operations that accompanied the Stalinist bureaucracy's restoration of capitalism and dissolution of the Soviet Union a quarter century ago. The methods being utilized in Syria, including in the bloody siege of Aleppo, reflect those class interests.
At the same time, the denunciation on the part of the US government of the loss of civilian life in the Russian-Syrian bombing of Aleppo is utterly hypocritical. After 15 years of waging aggressive war in the Middle East at the cost of over a million deaths and the destruction of entire societies, Washington is the last one to deliver lectures on “war crimes.”
Moreover, there is ample indication that the US military is itself preparing operations that will prove as bloody and punishing as the current siege of Aleppo. UN officials estimate that as many as a million people may be driven from their homes in a US-backed Iraqi offensive, expected as early as next month, against the northern Iraqi city of Mosul, which is under the control of the Islamic State (also known as ISIS).
Washington's NATO ally in the region, Turkey, has issued public warnings about the upcoming Mosul offensive. Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim described US plans as “dangerous,” adding, “Our partners' plans for the Mosul operation are not transparent.” Yildirim warned that the use of Shia and Kurdish militias to take the city would “lead to a new fire being stoked in the region.”
Friction between Ankara and Washington has mounted in relation to the US use of Syrian Kurdish separatist militias as their main proxy force in northern Syria. Turkey is determined to drive back the Kurdish forces and prevent them from consolidating an autonomous territory on Turkey's border.
Prime Minister Yildirim vowed that Turkey's Operation Euphrates Shield, which sent troops into Syria beginning at the end of August, would continue in order to drive back the US-backed Kurdish forces and carve out a 5,000-square-kilometer “safe zone” around El-Bab in the north of Syria.
Separately, another Turkish official, Defense Minister Fikri Isik, commented Wednesday that in the event of a major US-Russian confrontation in Syria, “Turkey always protects its own interests.”
Russian President Putin is scheduled to meet with his Turkish counterpart, Recep Tayyip Erdoğan, in Turkey on October 10, the first such visit since Turkish warplanes shot down a Russian jet on the Turkish-Syrian border in November 2015.
Turkey's tensions with Washington and pursuit of its own regional ambitions in Syria only serve to heighten the geopolitical tensions that could turn the Syrian war for regime change into a new world war.
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
I've had a few requests from people wanting to teach themselves applications of Category Theory to Haskell based on posts I've made. I've made things difficult by posting stuff at random levels of difficulty and without any kind of organising thread through them. So here's an attempt to list a bunch of posts related to aspects of category theory. I've grouped them by themes and within each theme I've tried to list the articles in order of difficulty. Unfortunately there can be big gaps between one article and the next as none of this material was intended to be linked together continuously. Nonetheless, I hope this is of some help.First a warning: Category Theory Screws You Up! The first theme has to be monads of course. But don't forget: monads don't do anything. They're simply an interface to something that you must already have implemented some other way. So don't believe all that hype about how monads are what allow Haskell to use side effects and I/O.I think this is one of the great applications of Category Theory to Computer Science. Structural recursion can be characterised really nicely in terms of F-algebras. That's cool. But even cooler is that when you dualise the definitions you get a great way to look at non-terminating computations on things like streams.Trying to order This is tricky. I'm not sure I define the term commutative monad until the talk.I'm not sure the killer application for comonads has been found yet. But I do think they're good for things like dataflow and cellular automata fit the comonad model very well:And these are generally categorical articles
Our hero Richard has returned! We were all shaken by his weeklong leave, even though the rest of the gents put on their bravest faces. They pretended they didn't even notice the monumental absence at our work table, those stoics. I found ways to keep busy — arranging my button-down shirts by intensity of hue, and practicing my calligraphy, of course — but these were flimsy distractions.
When Richard finally came home, I was happy to see a renewed sense of mission and a little color back in those cheeks. But I was surprised to learn he had taken on a new partner, whose name I won't disclose but whose character is questionable at best. I knew that Richard would need protection, and I certainly couldn't leave it to the Brett Saxbys of the world, who drink with abandon in the middle of the workday and skate by on charm. No, I had to rejoin Pied Piper.
Being a part of Richard's project is a dream come true, and that's not a phrase I take lightly! (The last time I used it was when my third grade class visited the fire station, and the firefighters let me organize their gear.) One of my first orders of business? Cutting through the profanity-laden facade of Gilfoyle's bravado and getting him back on our team. Of course he would never say it out loud — that's Gilf for you — but behind his unblinking eyes I knew he was just as happy as I was to be back in the Pied Piper fold.
Oh, Gilfoyle is telling me he needs to encrypt my computer “to limit the consequences of Dinesh's inevitable sexual failure,” so I better sign off. Until next time, readers!
Creationist Ken Ham, the notorious owner of The Ark Encounter and the Creation Museum, has once again found a new way to swindle the good people of Kentucky out of their money.
Not satisfied enough with winning a court battle worth $18 million in tax rebates after convincing a judge that his for-profit business, which is actively using religion as a form of employment discrimination, he has now sold the land the theme park sits on, worth $48 million, to his own non-profit entity, Crosswater Canyon, for $10. You read that right, ten dollars.
This allows Ham to claim his land is a non-profit and not subject to the new safety tax passed by city officials which would have collected 50 cents of every entry ticket sold. This move also worries local politicians and residents because it sets up the park to claim exemption from all other taxes as well that includes the funding of public schools.
When asked about the park's move, and its ability to now avoid all taxes, Williamstown city councilman Kim Crupper said, “I believe this is the first step,” adding, “The impact would be far larger than just Williamstown.”
When asked about their future tax plans, Ark Encounter officials declined to comment, according to Kentucky.com.
In order to apply for the tourism tax rebate, the park had to list itself as a for-profit business but continued to operate as a religious ministry. This move led state officials to decline their application for the rebate.
Ham then filed a discrimination lawsuit against the state and won, just as the new Republican Governor, Matt Bevin, took office. Bevin was supportive of the park during his campaign and immediately declined to appeal the ruling, paving the way for his newly assigned tourism board to approve the park's request.
Now that the park has duped the state out of much-needed sales tax dollars, they have decided to further hurt the city that houses them.
This is not a surprising move by Ham, a man who believes that because of his religious convictions he is free to operate outside the law, claiming he only answers to God's law and believes it is his job to find ways to spread his message of young-earth creationism by any means necessary. Apparently, even if that means taking money away from schoolchildren.
It is unclear if the state will change the tax rebate status of the park since this move, but given Gov. Bevin's religious leanings and theocratic nature, it's highly unlikely.
YouTube
YouTube, look how fast you've grown. Seems like only yesterday “Me at the zoo” was uploaded – a 19-second clip wherein our protagonist pontificates about elephants.
Quote!
“The cool thing about these guys is that they have really, really, really long trunks. And that's… that's cool.”
While YouTube's popularity has seen explosive growth since April 23, 2005, we can safely say that no video clip uploaded since then has been able to eclipse this one's quality of discourse.
YouTube was cobbled together back in early 2005 by former PayPal employees Chad Hurley, Steve Chen and Jawed Karim (the above video was uploaded to Karim's account) and sold to Google for $1.65 billion in stock in late 2006. At last count, an hour of video is uploaded to YouTube every second and four billion videos are viewed every day.
(MORE: YouTube: The Best with a Billion Eyes)
Here's the text of the announcement from Oz Linden:
We have completed our latest build for 3.0.0 (238157) and it's available for download here:
We'd love to have you try it out – doing the things you normally do in Second Life and provide us with feedback. Once you've had a chance to try this out, this build will become the next release into our beta channel. We have created a meta issue in jira for you to attach any bug you find https://jira.secondlife.com/browse/VWR-26648. In addition, if you should discover a mesh issue, VWR bug creation now has a Mesh component available. Some important facts about this viewer:
Mesh support. This build will allow you to upload and see meshes on supported regions of aditi and agni (previous viewers will show meshes as prims).
Currently regions in the magnum and “Secondlife RC Mesh” channels have mesh support.
On supported regions where you have build permissions, mesh upload can be accessed via the Build->Upload->Model… option. A L$ fee will be charged for uploads, with the size of the fee determined by the complexity of the model.
Your account must be mesh enabled before uploading; the requirements for this are that your account has payment info on file, and that you have completed a questionnaire related to intellectual property issues as they apply to mesh. If you are not yet mesh enabled, the model upload dialog will provide a link to the questionnaire.
See http://wiki.secondlife.com/wiki/Mesh for more information about mesh.
Thank you for your interest in making our viewer experience better. If you have any questions, please feel free to either post them in our Mesh Forums or join us at our office hours http://wiki.secondlife.com/wiki/Content_Creation,_Mesh_Import,_Scripting_User_Group.
Considering how troublesome the last couple of viewers have been, this seems a little premature to me, but there you have it.
Share this: Twitter
Google
Facebook
Reddit
Tumblr
More
LinkedIn
Pocket
Pinterest
Print
Tags: Mesh, Opinion, Oz Linden, Second Life, Second Life 3.0, Virtual Environments and Virtual Worlds
After news of an Xbox One version leaked earlier this week, The Sims 4 has now been confirmed for Microsoft's console as well as PS4. The simulation title launched for PC back in 2014, and it's now coming to consoles on November 17.
The console versions will include the base game plus "many" of the content add-ons The Sims 4 received on PC, according to publisher EA. The company went on to say that fans can look forward to "periodic game updates and extra content releases."
Additionally, the game's pre-order bonuses have been revealed. Those who buy in advance will receive the Perfect Patio Stuff pack, which introduces hot tubs and "tons of bonus décor for your outdoor oasis." And while the full game launches November 17, you can get three days' early access if you pre-order the Deluxe Party Edition, which comes with the Perfect Patio Stuff pack and "special content like a Flaming Tiki Bar, outrageous costumes, silly animal hats, and more."
Finally, the publisher announced that EA Access subscribers on Xbox One can sample the game a week early, starting November 9, for no extra charge and for a limited time only. Just recently, The Sims 4 joined Origin Access, the PC equivalent of EA Access, and is now playable via that service for no extra charge.
Since the game's launch on PC three years ago, The Sims 4 has seen continued support from EA and developer Maxis. Earlier in 2017 the game received a free update that added toddlers, for example.
"I'm not exaggerating when I say we've been talking about this particular update for years," executive producer Lyndsay Pearson said at the time. "We just had to find the right time, resources, and design to allow us to start the heavy process of actually building and bringing toddlers to life. And believe me when I say it has been really really difficult to not talk about this as we worked to get it right."
In our original PC review, critic Kevin VanOrd called The Sims 4 "a lovely and lively game that elicits constant smirks," but he said a "a decked-out version of The Sims 3 is far more inviting." Read more in our full The Sims 4 review.
Title
Body Cancel
Save
"Temptation Of Fatal Fortune" ebook two of two by author Haley Haze.
My Rating 2.75 to 3 Stars...
***I was asked by the author to read and give an honest review***
This part two was even shorter than the first book, "Temptation Of Fatal Curves." It's only 43 pages and I read it in around 30 minutes, maybe less.
Our couple, Noelle and Aaron, are married. However the marriage isn't strong. As in the first book there is a bit of new suspense which I wasn't surprised about BUT definitely didn't expect. I was also surprised and not a little disappointed how this ended. I usually expect a certain type of HEAs in my romances and this was not that. Were Noelle and Aaron happy about their ending? Yes, I believe they were. I wasn't happy but it was what was best for them.
Noelle's actions in this book were even more despicable and selfish and I still didn't like her. She didn't deserve beautiful Aaron.
I was pleased with Aaron and the decisions he made, 100%. His character developed a little as he was not the same pushover he used to be. Good for you, Aaron!
My opinion is that both of these novelettes could have been combined into one story. I believe that would have benefited the plot having more backstory and personal details. I would have liked to understand and connect with the H/h better. But still, it was a quick, steamy story and I enjoyed it for what it was...super fast and super short. I would like to read more from this author in the future, seeing how she develops as a writer of erotica. There is potential for that.
One last tiny note...Don't judge this book by the cover. You'll understand once you start reading :) .
The Doctor Who is facing a new challenge: teaching your nine-year-old how to code.
No, it may not be as daunting as a Cybermen invasion. But for you kid, it could be as fun as it is educational.
On Wednesday, the BBC will launch a game called "The Doctor and the Dalek." Designed by Dr. Who's creator in tandem with Britain's Somethin' Else creative agency, the game aims to help children "pick up core programming principles as they play." This means using logical reasoning, variables and loops and repetition to help the Doctor save the universe—the kind of stuff that should spell programming fun for six-to-12-year-olds.
"Getting children inspired is the big thing for us around this game. When you say ‘coding and programming' straight away it feels like a very dry topic, but our aim was to show children you can have fun," the BBC's Jo Pierce told the Guardian. The show's lead writer and executive producer Steven Moffat is also involved in the game, the Guardian reports.
The game is another step for what's called the code literacy movement, which seems to bring programming skills to a much broader range of people. The BBC's game aims to help kids with the new computer science curriculum laid down by the British government, which is one of the broader efforts to improve code literacy.
In the game, the Doctor joins forces with a refugee Dalek on the home world of the warlike Sontarans. "The Doctor and the Dalek" is voiced over by current Doctor, Peter Capaldi, and comes with additional educational material for parents and instructors.
But before your child will be able to play the new Doctor Who game, there is an initial puzzle to solve. The BBK's kid's gaming website is available only to U.K. residents. If you're in the U.S., you'll have to find a way around that.
FEB 28 2015 BY MARK KANE
Volkswagen will present at the 2015 Geneva Motor Show a concept four-door coupé, a vehicle which is probably more a design exercise than an indication of a new plug-in production model, though maybe VW will prove us wrong.
The Sport Coupé Concept GTE is a plug-in hybrid with a TSI engine and two electric motors for AWD capability.
There are not many details for now, but the sketches sure do look sweet.
“Key facts about the Sport Coupé Concept GTE: 1. The Sport Coupé Concept GTE is the champion of a new progressive Volkswagen design language.
2. Concept combines exclusive sports car design with four-door body concept and large boot lid.
3. Sport Coupé Concept GTE utilises a plug-in hybrid drive (TSI plus two electric motors)
4. Innovative all-wheel drive via electric propshaft.”
Walter de Silva, Head of Design of Volkswagen AG stated:
“Evolution and revolution come together in the Sport Coupé Concept GTE. This concept is based on Volkswagen design DNA, which has been visibly sharpened even more. It shows how fascinating the highest-volume brand of our Group is shaping the immediate future.”
Dr Heinz-Jakob Neußer, Volkswagen Brand Board Member for Development, explains:
“This concept car is a breathtakingly dynamic coupé unlike any other to appear in this class. In the design of the Sport Coupé Concept GTE – that is, in the style of an exclusive sports car that is enriched by the added functionality of a large boot lid and the interior space of a four-seater – we see an impressive alternative to the classic saloons of the B and C segments.”
Klaus Bischoff, Head of Design of the Volkswagen Brand, adds this:
Ein Demonstrant brüllt sich vor dem Parlament in Athen die Seele aus dem Leib - die Einsparungen kann er aber nicht aufhalten. © ap/Kalaharis Ein Demonstrant brüllt sich vor dem Parlament in Athen die Seele aus dem Leib - die Einsparungen kann er aber nicht aufhalten. © ap/Kalaharis
Vienna/Athen. Vom "Sargnagel der EU" war im Sommer 2015 die Rede. Gemeint war Griechenland, die astronomisch hohe Verschuldung der Hellenen und der Weigerung der Regierung Alexis Tsipras, die Bedingungen für ein Rettungsprogramm zu akzeptieren. Athen musste schließlich kapitulieren und bekommt jetzt regelmäßig hohe Milliardenbeträge aus der EU überwiesen.
Im Gegenzug muss ein rigides Sparprogramm umgesetzt werden. Steuern werden erhöht, Leistungen gestrichen, es wird an allen Ecken und Enden privatisiert. 2018 sollen allein die Verkäufe des Telefonkonzerns OTE und des Athener Flughafens 3,5 Milliarden Euro einbringen.
Griechenland ist fügsam, was bei den Geberländern wohlwollend zur Kenntnis genommen wird. So meinte der deutsche Finanzminister Wolfgang Schäuble am Dienstag, dass man das vor acht Jahren eröffnete Defizitverfahren gegen Griechenland beenden könne. Im Vorjahr hat das Land sogar einen Haushaltsübeschuss von 0,7 Prozent erwirtschaftet, jetzt soll Griechenland wieder an den Kapitalmarkt zurückkehren. Auch die Ratingagenturen sind zufrieden.
Soziale Katastrophe
Die ökonomischen Folgen der Sparmaßnahmen sind desaströs, darauf weist nicht nur der ehemalige griechische Finanzminister Janis Varoufakis hin. "Unser Bruttoinlandsprodukt ist niedriger denn je, wir haben mehr Bürger, die ihre Steuern nicht bezahlen können, weil ihnen das Geld dazu fehlt. Wir haben weniger Investitionen und mehr Menschen, die das Land verlassen. Es ist eine komplette Katastrophe", so der Minister zur "Wiener Zeitung".
Das war im September 2016, seitdem hat sich nichts zum Besseren gewendet. 427.000 Griechen haben ihre Heimat verlassen und Arbeit im Ausland gesucht. Seit 2013 wandern unverändert jährlich mehr als 100.000 Menschen aus. Grund für den Exodus ist eine grassierende Arbeitslosigkeit, die bei über 25 Prozent liegt. Unter jungen Menschen beträgt sie mehr als 50 Prozent. Die Mehrzahl derer, die gehen, sind gut ausgebildet. Großstadt-Griechen strömen auf die Inseln, um dort in der Tourismusbranche unterzukommen. Dort stoßen sie auf die Konkurrenz zahlloser junger Osteuropäer, die in den Hotels arbeiten und oft die erforderlichen Fremdsprachen sprechen.
1,5 Millionen Griechen leiden unter akuter Armut, sie sind auf Unterstützung wohltätiger Einrichtungen oder Verwandter angewiesen. In Athen macht sich mitten in der größten Hitzewelle pestilenzartiger Gestank breit, weil die Müllabfuhr gegen Einsparungen streikt. Der Fiskus hält sich an den Pensionisten schadlos, deren Rente seit Jahren sukzessive gekürzt wird. Ab 2019 soll es eine Reduktion um weitere 18 Prozent geben, damit 1,8 Milliarden Euro gespart werden. Nach 2010 sind die Pensionen 16 Mal reduziert worden. Streiks sind an der Tagesordnung, die Gewerkschaften ballen die Faust - geholfen hat es nichts. Verzweiflung und Lethargie machen sich breit. Nur noch 15 Prozent sind mit Premier Alexis Tsipras zufrieden, dem ehemaligen Helden des Widerstandes gegen die Sparvorhaben der internationalen Geldgeber.
Während Griechenland verarmt, profitieren - zumindest vorerst noch - die Gläubigerstaaten, etwa Deutschland. Kredite und Anleihenkäufe zugunsten Griechenlands haben dem deutschen Fiskus laut einem Bericht der "Süddeutschen Zeitung" Gewinne in der Höhe von etwa 1,34 Milliarden Euro eingebracht. Die Zahl stammte aus einer Antwort des deutschen Finanzministeriums auf eine Anfrage der Grünen im Deutschen Bundestag. Die Partei verlangt nun, dass das Geld an Griechenland ausgezahlt werden soll. Auch Österreich verdiente an der Griechenland-Hilfe, und zwar rund 300 Millionen Euro. 111 Millionen sind bisher an Zinsen an das Finanzministerium geflossen, die Nationalbank erzielte einen Erlös von 190 Millionen.
Dass die Griechenland-Hilfen für die Gläubigerstaaten ein tolles Langfrist-Investment werden, glauben freilich nur wenige. Heribert Dieter, Griechenland-Experte an der Stiftung Wissenschaft und Politik (SWP) in Berlin, hält die Behauptung, Deutschland habe an der Griechenland-Krise verdient, für "eine Milchmädchenrechnung erster Güte" - weil die Haftungsrisiken, die die Gläubigerstaaten eingegangen sind, dabei nicht berücksichtigt werden. "Es wird so getan, als ob die Kredite je in voller Höhe zurückgezahlt werden. Das wird nicht passieren. Die Gläubiger werden nennenswerte Ausfälle hinnehmen müssen", gibt Dieter im Gespräch mit der "Wiener Zeitung" zu bedenken. "Die Ausfälle werden diesen kurzfristigen Überschuss in ein großes Defizit umkehren. Es ist so, als würde jemand aus einem Hochhaus fallen und, am sechsten Stock angelangt, sagen: Bis jetzt ist ja noch alles gut gegangen", findet der Experte ein drastisches Bild. "Es gibt nur sehr wenige Leute, die auch bei abgeschalteten Kameras noch davon ausgehen, dass Griechenland jemals seine Schulden zurückzahlen wird", sagt Dieter - und auch Mario Holzner, der stellvertretende Direktor des Wiener Instituts für Internationale Wirtschaftsbeziehungen (WIIW), zeigt sich diesbezüglich pessimistisch. "Die Zinsen, die die Gläubigerstaaten bekommen, bieten ihnen auch eine Möglichkeit, das Geld wenigstens teilweise zurückzubekommen", sagte er der "Wiener Zeitung".
Laut Holzner und Dieter wurden im griechischen Schuldendrama in erster Linie die deutschen und französischen Banken gerettet, deren Schuldenlast dem Steuerzahler aufgebürdet worden sei. "Was dem in der Krise steckenden Süden der EU einzig helfen könnte, wäre eine Art Industrialisierungsplan", meint Holzner. Den Südstaaten von Portugal bis Bulgarien könne langfristig nur der Aufbau eines Industrietrusts helfen, etwa durch Sondererlaubnisse für Subventionierung von ausländischen Direktinvestitionen.
Dass Griechenlands möglicherweise bevorstehendes Comeback am Kapitalmarkt dem Land wirklich hilft, glaubt SWP-Experte Dieter nicht: "Da wird eine Art Laufstall inszeniert, eine Schauveranstaltung", meint er. "Kein Mensch würde sich trauen, die volle griechische Staatsschuld vom Markt bewerten zu lassen. Die Zinssätze würden nach oben schnellen, weil niemand bereit wäre, dem Land Geld zu leihen. Griechenland wäre 30 Minuten später bankrott".
I have a hand-me-down stool in my studioffice that I use when I am at my work table. It used to have black and white checked fabric stapled to the top. I never painted it, but it sure was covered with paint from all of the projects I complete in my studioffice. I recently removed the paint and glue splattered fabric and was left with a plain brown wood stool. *To see how I strip my furniture check out this post.
As I am updating all the furnishings in the room, this handy plain stool has long been overlooked and was way overdue for some love. A stool makeover was in order. I finally painted it pink and added a perky preppy ribbon around it to give it a new bright and cheery life. It has a very rough finish and after painting it, I realized it was not going to look perfect, so I opted to age it to make it purposely look flawed and aged. Old school meets new school.
I gathered and mixed all the leftover pink paint that I had on hand from other projects until I filled up a measuring cup. I then added 2 Tablespoons non-sanded grout along with some water to make myself some DIYchalk paint.
UPDATE: When I first started making and using chalk paint I used non-sanded grout to make it. I no longer use it since I have found there are better ingredients to use. Non-sanded grout will work, but the finish may be rough when dry. You need to sand to smooth. It also can only be used with paint that does not have acrylic or a primer in it. It will bind up when mixed with these types of paints.
I now recommend using Calcium Carbonate Powder that you can buy in the health food store. Here is the recipe:
Here is the non-sanded grout recipe:
DIY Chalk Paint Recipe:
2 T Non-Sanded Grout
1 Cup Paint
A little bit of water to thin the mixture if needed
Double or triple the recipe as needed. Use a paint stick to mix it well – add a few drops of water at a time to help mix the paint and grout to a smooth consistency. Do not make too thin. The mixture will look a bit grainy.
_________________________________________
This is the color it produced. Works perfectly for the color scheme I am using. I added a layer of paste wax over it and buffed it to a shine that brings the color to life and will help protect the painted finish.
supplies needed:
Ribbon – a bit narrower than side edge of stool seat and long enough to go around the circumference, plus 1-inch extra.
String (use as a measuring tool)– enough to go around circumference of stool seat.
Furniture Nails –Lowes
Ruler
Hammer
Scissors
How to evenly place the nail heads around the stool
I eyeballed mine and it came out perfectly, but that was luck! I could not figure out how to write this step here in the tutorial so you could easily do it yourself. I figured there was some way to do it mathematically. I asked my hubs and he started calculating, but then my daughter asked what we where doing and I told her my tutorial writing dilemma. She said why don't you just do this: Slapping hand on head – “Now why didn't I think of that” – “thanks Kelly”. XO
1. Measure the circumference around the seat with a piece of string. Take the string and fold it in half, keep folding it in half, until it is as long as you would like the nail heads to be spaced. Then mark the loops with a magic marker. When it is unrolled – you have a guide as to where to place each nail. You can add as many nail heads or as little as you want. I didn't want to hide the ribbon too much so 3 inches worked well.
To attach ribbon to seat edge:
2. Fold over one end of ribbon about 1/2-inch and hammer in first furniture nail head– but don't hammer it all the way in, let it stick out a bit for now. Continue adding the furniture nail heads around the stool seat.
3. When you get back to the first nail head, pry the first nail out and tuck the other end of the ribbon under the starting end of the ribbon. Pull taut and then hammer the nail in all the way. This will give you a nice finished edge.
The stripe in the ribbon acts as a guide making lining up the nail heads in a straight line easy. I put each nail tip into the thin pink stripe on the ribbon. The nail heads I bought where a little soft and a few of them bent when I began to hammer them in. When tapping with the hammer – keep it as centered as possible on the nail head so it won't bend. If it does- remove with the claw part of the hammer and use a new nail head.
To learn more about chalk painting and get all your questions answered check out these posts:
Testing and Comparing Chalk Paints
Chalk Paint Review and Update
Chalk paint recipes
State to consider medical marijuana use
HARRISBURG -- A state legislator from Philadelphia said today it's time to get rid of the decades-old negative image surrounding marijuana and replace it with "a new, honest image."
How? By legalizing the use of small amounts of marijuana for medicinal purposes, such as reducing pain for sufferers of cancer or multiple sclerosis, helping people with glaucoma and assist with insomnia and mental disorders such as manic depression, said Democratic Rep. Mark Cohen.
He introduced House Bill 1393, which would put Pennsylvania in a league with 13 other states that permit a person, with a doctor's recommendation, to apply to the state Department of Health for a "registry card" that would allow the patient to purchase or grow one ounce of marijuana at a time.
"The only thing blocking this bill's passage is the old image that marijuana has from the 1930s," Mr. Cohen said. "It's time to create a new image, as a form of treatment that, when prescribed by responsible doctors, could help thousands of patients in Pennsylvania."
People with state-issued registry cards could either grow up to six marijuana plants at their home or buy it at yet-to-be-created "compassion centers," legal dispensaries of medical marijuana. The sale of marijuana would be subject to the state's 6 percent sales tax, and Mr. Cohen claimed that the state could get up to $25 million a year in new revenue.
He appeared at a news conference today with Chris Goldstein, an advocate with Pennsylvanians for Medical Marijuana, and Chuck Homan, a 58-year-old roofer from York County who was arrested last year for growing marijuana plants on his property. He uses marijuana to allow him one or two hours of sleep a night.
Without it, he said, he can't even sleep that long. He attributed his insomnia to suffering from depression. His legal case is still pending, he said, but now he has joined the effort to legalize medical uses for marijuana.
Mr. Cohen said he has six co-sponsors for his bill, far short of the 102 votes he needs in the House. The Senate, controlled by Republicans, many of them social conservatives, will likely be even tougher.
More details in tomorrow's Pittsburgh Post-Gazette.
Harrisburg Bureau Chief Tom Barnes can be reached at tbarnes@post-gazette.com or 717-787-4254.
First published on April 29, 2009 at 11:55 am
Modi, who heads a group of ministers (GoM) on improving GSTN's performance, said after its second meeting with the IT major here that the IT back-end would send reminder text messages to 20 lakh businesses soon to file their GSTR-1 returns on outward supplies in July by October 10.
Over half of the Rs 91,000 crore goods and services tax (GST) collected for August came in on September 19 and 20, the last two days for paying the month's tax without interest, Bihar deputy chief minister Sushil Kumar Modi said on Wednesday, attributing the GST Network (GSTN) glitches to such last-minute rush, as the Infosys-developed system is robust.
Modi, who heads a group of ministers (GoM) on improving GSTN's performance, said after its second meeting with the IT major here that the IT back-end would send reminder text messages to 20 lakh businesses soon to file their GSTR-1 returns on outward supplies in July by October 10.
These firms had filed the summary returns (GSTR-3B) for July but are yet to file the GSTR-1 form. “So far 33 lakh businesses have filed GSTR-1 for July, while 53 lakh had filed the initial GSTR-3B returns. So 20 lakh more businesses have to file in the next six days,” he said.
Meanwhile, as many as 43.58 businesses have filed GSTR-3B for August till October 3. The taxes are collected by the government with these summary returns, although it has given leeway for the taxpayers to file the detailed returns much later.
The number of GSTN registrants, including those whop opted for the benign composition scheme, is close to 90 lakh, a quarter of which are new registrants and the others migrants from the previous regime.
For August, the last date for filing of GSTR-3B, which is a short summary return, was September 20 and the tax network saw a rush of 28.64 lakh taxpayers in the last two days to the deadline. The taxes paid on these two days was about Rs 45,600 crore.
However, he felt that there would be a big challenge in the matching of invoices after GSTR-2 (inward supplies) are also filed. The GoM has also asked Infosys to be prepared to handle the load that would come for GSTR-2 filing between October 11 and 31.
The GSTN network, which earlier witnessed certain glitches, has now seen most of the issues being resolved, Modi said. According to him, the network has the capability to handle more than 1 lakh tax returns in an hour. The GoM has also asked Infosys to place its employees at all GSTN centres of the states to ensure smoother functioning.
The GoM had earlier provided Infosys October 31 as the deadline for solving most of the issues with the network. Modi said there were 48 issues that were being individually tracked with eight to nine broader thematic concepts which are being discussed.
Ready to fight back? Sign up for Take Action Now and get three actions in your inbox every week. You will receive occasional promotional offers for programs that support The Nation's journalism. You can read our Privacy Policy here. Sign up for Take Action Now and get three actions in your inbox every week.
Thank you for signing up. For more from The Nation, check out our latest issue
Subscribe now for as little as $2 a month!
Support Progressive Journalism The Nation is reader supported: Chip in $10 or more to help us continue to write about the issues that matter. The Nation is reader supported: Chip in $10 or more to help us continue to write about the issues that matter.
Fight Back! Sign up for Take Action Now and we'll send you three meaningful actions you can take each week. You will receive occasional promotional offers for programs that support The Nation's journalism. You can read our Privacy Policy here. Sign up for Take Action Now and we'll send you three meaningful actions you can take each week.
Thank you for signing up. For more from The Nation, check out our latest issue
Travel With The Nation Be the first to hear about Nation Travels destinations, and explore the world with kindred spirits. Be the first to hear about Nation Travels destinations, and explore the world with kindred spirits.
Sign up for our Wine Club today. Did you know you can support The Nation by drinking wine?
Three debates have gone by, and to this date, neither a candidate for president nor vice president has been asked about some of the biggest issues facing voters this cycle. Ad Policy
Which candidate will prosecute the financial crimes that led to the disaster in 2008? Who has the best plan to deal with the climate crisis? Poll after poll shows Americans are frustrated with the corrosive levels of corruption and big money in DC, but the moderators have refused to bring up ethics reform. America's War on Drugs—which has contributed to tens of thousands of deaths in Mexico, racist stop-and-frisk policies in New York, and crackdowns on medical marijuana users across the country—is apparently too taboo of a topic as well.
Why are our debate moderators so reluctant to bring up controversial topics that affect the future of our country? What's behind this wall of silence?
Maybe it's worth considering that the men behind the nonprofit managing our presidential debate system are corporate lobbyists.
Take Mike McCury, the Democratic co-chair of the Commission on Presidential Debates. McCurry, a former White House press secretary for President Clinton, works as a Partner at Public Strategies Washington, a Beltway lobbying firm.
McCurry doesn't disclose all of his clients, but his website lists a number of corporations, including Bain Capital, Bristol-Myers Squibb Co, Lockheed Martin Corporation, the US Chamber of Commerce and Anheuser-Busch. One could argue that McCurry's work for the beer lobby—which benefits from not having to compete with other drugs, like marijuana—might be a conflict of interest given the debate's refusal to bring up the failed War on Drugs. (McCurry's lobbying client, Anheuser-Busch, also helped underwrite the last presidential debate, providing free beer to the journalists at the event.)
Worse, McCurry doesn't even reveal his entire client list. I took a look at Department of Justice records, and McCurry's company is also currently being paid over $132,026 to lobby for the Mexican government on issues relating to the Trans-Pacific Partnership trade negotiations. Wonder why none of the debates have covered the TPP—which could have huge implications for the economy?
Frank Fahrenkopf Jr, the Republican co-chair, is the head of a lobbying coalition of casinos and related gambling industries. Fahrenkopf—who was paid $1,920,561 in 2010, according to IRS records—represents firms like Las Vegas Sands Corp, MGM Resorts International, Morgan Stanley, KPMG and Goldman Sachs. Fahrenkopf's group spends millions on K Street lobbyists and attorneys—retaining even Ropes & Gray, the law firm in charge of Romney's non-blind trust—to influence federal policy on issues ranging from Internet gambling to tax and labor policy.
Americans deserve a real debate; one that shines a light on our biggest challenges and forces the candidates to draw real distinctions. It's less than reassuring that we have K Street shills managing our only substantive public forum.
Allison Kilkenny notes another issue missed from the debates: home foreclosures.
In his latest effort to prove that he really does inhabit a different world from the rest of us, presumptive Republican presidential candidate Mitt Romney advised students at a Ohio university on Friday to pursue success by borrowing money from their parents to start their own business.
“This kind of divisiveness, this attack of success, is very different than what we've seen in our country's history,” Romney told the Otterbein University audience. “We've always encouraged young people: Take a shot, go for it, take a risk, get the education, borrow money if you have to from your parents, start a business.”
He then went on to talk about the founder of Jimmy John's restaurant chain, who established his first sandwich shop in 1983 after obtaining a $25,000 investment from his father in return for a 48% share of the business.
That chain was most recently in the news when the Industrial Workers of the World attempted to unionize its mostly minimum wageworkers and again when union members were fired by a local franchise owner for handing out posters claiming that their lack of paid sick days put the health of customers at risk.
This video was uploaded to YouTube by Think Progress on April 27, 2012.
A new scientific study has found that the Totten Glacier is fundamentally unstable and could significantly contribute to a possible multi-meter sea level rise this Century under mid-range and worst case warming scenarios.
*****
408 Parts per million CO2. 490 parts per million CO2e. This is the amount of heat-trapping CO2 and total CO2 equivalent for all heat-trapping gasses now in the Earth's atmosphere. Two measures representing numerous grave potential consequences.
We're Locking in 120-190 Feet of Sea Level Rise Long Term
Looking at the first number — 408 parts per million CO2 — we find that the last time global levels of this potent heat-trapping gas were so high was during the Middle Miocene Climate Optimum of 15-17 million years ago. During this time, the Greenland Ice Sheet did not exist. East Antarctic glacial ice was similarly scarce. And the towering glaciers of West Antarctica were greatly reduced. Overall, global sea levels were 120 to 190 feet higher than they are today. Meanwhile, atmospheric temperatures were between 3 and 5 degrees Celsius hotter than those experienced during the late 19th Century.
(Large sections of Antarctica rest below sea level. A physical feature that renders substantial portions of Antarctica's glaciers very vulnerable to rising ocean temperatures. Since the latent heat content of water is substantially higher than that of air, even comparatively small ocean temperature increases can cause significant melt in sea-facing glaciers and in below sea level glacial basins. Image source: Potential Antarctic Ice Sheet Retreat Driven by Hydrofracturing and Ice Cliff Failure.)
Hitting the 408 ppm CO2 threshold this year catapults the current push for global climate transitions outside of the Pliocene context of 3 to 5 million years ago (topping out at 405 parts per million CO2) and places it in the bottom to mid-range of the Middle Miocene context (300 to 500 parts per million CO2). The 490 ppm CO2e number — due to added atmospheric heating contributions from human-emitted gasses like methane, chlorofluorocarbons, NOx compounds, and others — is enough to catapult our current climate context into the upper Middle Miocene range.
If global greenhouse gasses were to stabilize in this range long-term (for a period of hundreds of years), we would expect the Earth's climate and ocean states to become more and more like those experienced 15-17 million years ago. Unfortunately, atmospheric concentrations of heat trapping gasses are still rapidly rising due to an increasingly dangerous emission coming from global fossil fuel burning. In addition, risks are rising that the Earth System will begin to contribute its own substantial amounts of carbon — possibly enough to raise the CO2e number by around 50 to 150 ppm over the next few centuries. Two contributions — one we control and another we do not — that risk swiftly pushing the global climate context into a 550 to 650 ppm CO2e range that is enough to eventually melt all the glacial ice on the planet.
Glacial Inertia vs Lightning Rates of Warming
It's a tough climate state. A context that many scientists are still having difficulty coming to grips with. First, the global glacier research community is still looking at the world's potential future ice melt in Pliocene and Eemian contexts. This makes some sense given the fact that current atmospheric warming in the range of 0.9 to 1.3 C above 1880s values is more in line with those two climate epochs (the Eemian saw seas 10-20 feet higher than today and the Pliocene saw seas at 25-75 feet higher). But it doesn't take into account the underlying heat forcing and the likely climate end-state.
Second, we don't really have a good grasp on how fast or slow glaciers will respond to the added heat we're putting into the Earth System. We do know that at the end of the last ice age, melting glaciers contributed as much as 10 feet of sea level rise per Century. But this was during a time of comparatively slow global temperature increase at the rate of about 0.05 C per Century — not the current rate in the range of 1.5 to 2 C per Century, which is 30 to 40 times faster.
(What 10 feet of sea level rise would do to South Florida. Given the increasing vulnerability of glaciers around the world to human-forced warming, there's a rising risk that seas could rise by 10 feet before the end of this Century. Image source: Climate Central.)
In early studies, much weight has been given to glacial inertia. And older climate models did not include dynamic ice sheet vulnerabilities — like high latent-heat ocean water coming into contact with the submerged faces of sea-fronting glaciers, the ability of surface melt water to break up glaciers by pooling into cracks and forcing them apart (hydrofracturing), or the innate rigidity and frailty of steep ice cliffs which render them susceptible to rapid toppling. But now, new studies are starting to take these physical melt-amplifying processes into account and the emerging picture is one in which glacial melt and sea level rise may end up coming on at rates far more rapid than previously feared.
Overall, when taking a look at these newly realized ice-sheet weaknesses, it's worth noting that the total heat forcing impacting the world's ocean, air, and glacial systems is now rising into a range that is much more in line with Middle Miocene values. And that global temperatures are now increasing at a lightning rate that appears to be unprecedented in at least the past 60 million years.
Tottering Totten
It's in this dynamic, rapidly changing, and arguably quite dangerous climate context that new revelations about the stability of one of East Antarctica's largest glaciers have begun to emerge. In size, the Totten Glacier is immense — covering an area the size of California in mountains of ice stretching as high as two and a half miles. If all of Totten were to melt, it would be enough to raise seas by around 11 to 13 feet — or about as much as if half of the entire Greenland Ice Sheet went down.
(The Totten Glacier, at lower edge of frame, faces a warming Southern Ocean. How rapidly this great mass of ice melts will, along with the destabilization of numerous other glaciers around the world due to a human-forced warming, determine the fates of numerous coastal cities and island nations during this Century and on into the future. Image source: LANCE-MODIS.)
Last year, a study found that warm, deep circumpolar water was beginning to approach ice faces of the Totten Glacier plunging 1 mile below the surface of the Southern Ocean. The study observed a rapid thinning that appeared to have been driven by this new influx of warmer ocean water near the glacier base:
Totten Glacier… has the largest thinning rate in East Antarctica. Thinning may be driven by enhanced basal melting… Warm modified Circumpolar Deep Water, which has been linked to glacier retreat in West Antarctica, has been observed in summer and winter on the nearby continental shelf beneath 400 to 500 m of cool Antarctic Surface Water…We identify entrances to the ice-shelf cavity below depths of 400 to 500 m that could allow intrusions of warm water if the vertical structure of inflow is similar to nearby observations. Radar sounding reveals a previously unknown inland trough that connects the main ice-shelf cavity to the ocean. If thinning trends continue, a larger water body over the trough could potentially allow more warm water into the cavity, which may, eventually, lead to destabilization of the low-lying region between Totten Glacier and the similarly deep glacier flowing into the Reynolds Trough (emphasis added).
Observed increasing melt rates for such a huge slab of ice in Eastern Antarctica was generally seen as a pretty big deal among glacial scientists and a flurry of additional research soon followed. By last week, a model study had found that Totten alone could produce nearly a meter of sea level rise before the end of this Century if global warming forces ocean waters to heat up by 2 C or more near the Totten Glacier. The study also found that 5 C worth of local ocean warming would be enough to force nearly 3 meters worth of sea level rise from this single large glacier over a relatively short time-frame.
Donald D. Blankenship, lead principal investigator for the new ICECAP study noted:
“Totten Glacier's catchment is covered by nearly 2½ miles of ice, filling a California-sized sub-ice basin that reaches depths of over one mile below sea level. This study shows that this system could have a large impact on sea level in a short period of time.”
Like many large glaciers around the world, a huge portion of Totten's ice sits below sea level. This feature makes the glacier very vulnerable to ocean warming. Water carries far more latent heat than air and just a slight rise in local ocean water temperature can contribute to rapid ice loss. Totten itself rests in three large below sea level basins. And study authors found that 2 C to 5 C warming of local ocean waters with somewhat greater local air temperature increases was capable of flooding these basins in stages — forcing Totten's glacial ice to flow out into the Southern Ocean and provide significant contributions to sea level rise.
Unfortunately, Totten is just one of many large glacial systems that are now destabilizing across Antarctica. And researchers are now beginning to identify significant potential sea level rise contributions from Antarctica alone (ranging from two feet to nearly two meters) before the end of this Century. In New Scientist, during March, Antarctic researcher Rob Deconto notes:
“Today we're measuring global sea level rise in millimetres per year. We're talking about the potential for centimetres per year just from [ice loss in] Antarctica.”
Centimeters per year sea level rise is about ten times faster than current rates and implies 100 year increases — once it gets going — in the range of 2 to 3 meters. Such increased melt does not include Greenland's own potential sea level rise contribution. Nor does it include sea level rise from other glacial melt and ocean thermal expansion. As such, it appears that multi-meter sea level rise is becoming a more and more distinct possibility this Century. Furthermore, the paleoclimate context is now pointing toward catastrophic levels of overall melt and sea level rise if global greenhouse gasses aren't somehow stabilized and then swiftly reduced.
Links:
Repeated Large-Scale Retreat and Advance of Totten Glacier Indicated by Inland Bed Erosion
The Totten Glacier
The Human-Warmed Southern Ocean Threatens Major Melt for East Antarctica
Fundamentally Unstable — Scientists Confirm Their Fears About East Antarctica's Biggest Glacier
Potential Antarctic Ice Sheet Retreat Driven by Hydrofracturing and Ice Cliff Failure
Unstable East Antarctic Glacier Has Contributed to Sea Level Rise in the Past
Sea Levels Set to Rise Far More Rapidly Than Expected
Unexpected Antarctic Melt Could Trigger 2 Meter Sea Level Rise
Entering the Middle Miocene
The Middle Miocene
LANCE MODIS
Advertisements
In this final part of his three part series, Dr Geoff Davies surveys the current political scene, including the disarray of the Labor Party, from a longer perspective.
THE RISE AND FAILURE OF THE RADICAL RIGHT
[Read Part One: A dramatic shift to the right]
[Read Part Two: Causes of the shift to the right]
There has been a dramatic shift to the political Right compared with the postwar decades, and what is now called Right is radical rather than conservative. The shift was driven substantially by a concerted long-term campaign by market fundamentalists. So-called balance now is well to the Right of Menzies. Labor abandoned its constituency to join the Right. Although the Right remains politically powerful, its policies have failed. Economically it achieved only mediocrity followed by disaster. Our social fabric, democratic processes, legal rights and human rights have all been weakened. The radical Right's only future options are oblivion or authoritarian rule.
PART THREE: CONSEQUENCES AND PROSPECTS
'Australia Day celebrations were marred by …'
BEIJING (Reuters) - Chinese police detained dozens of Christians on Sunday who were trying to converge at the site of a banned Easter service.
Members of the Shouwang Church, a Protestant group, sit on a bus after being detained by police near the site of their proposed Easter Sunday gathering at a shopping area in Beijing April 24, 2011. REUTERS/David Gray
While Easter services for tens of millions of Christians across China mostly went ahead unhindered, police led away people trying to gather in northwest Beijing, where the Shouwang Church had called for outdoor services after it was evicted from its rented premises during a clampdown on dissent.
Leaders of the Shouwang Church have said they have no political agenda and want only to find a permanent place to worship for its 1,000 or so members, who refuse to accept official demands that churches come under the direct oversight of Communist Party authorities.
The contention over religious rights that began early this month continued when police officers shunted dozens of people, many of them young adults, onto buses as they turned up near the walkway where the church had said it would pray on Sundays.
A dozen or so people herded onto one bus appeared to be singing hymns. Police and plain clothes guards patrolling the area in Beijing's Zhongguancun district prevented reporters from approaching the detainees, who mostly did not appear to resist detention.
In past years, the Chinese government has relaxed some restrictions on “house” churches that refuse Party oversight, and many members of these churches are watching the Shouwang dispute to see if it marks a fresh tightening, said Wang Yi, a leader of one such church in southwest China.
“The Shouwang Church has gone further than most in wanting to emerge from being a house church to being a fully open church with its own premises, so in that sense it stands out from smaller churches, but it is also a test of what may come,” Wang said in a telephone interview.
“The Shouwang Church represents a trend that many house churches will face as they grow, so what happens to it could have an impact on churches in many areas, and it's being watched closely.”
Wang said that his house church in Chengdu, the capital of Sichuan province, was able to worship unhindered on Easter, a major celebration in the Christian calendar when scripture says Jesus rose from the dead.
A member of the Shouwang Church, who asked not to be identified for fear of recrimination, said a dozen or so of its leaders were under house arrest or had been detained, and many ordinary members had chosen to pray privately or in small groups. Shouwang means “watch tower.”
DISSIDENTS DETAINED
On Saturday, Chinese police also detained Zhang Mingxuan, a Beijing pastor who is president of the Chinese House Church Alliance, said Bob Fu of the China Aid Association, a Texas-based group critical of China's controls on religion.
Chinese officials blocked planned Easter services by two large “house” churches in the southern city of Guangzhou, Fu also said in a telephone interview.
The church dispute has come while the Chinese government seeks to ward off any attempts by would-be protesters to take up calls for a “Jasmine Revolution” inspired by anti-authoritarian uprisings across the Arab world.
Alarmed by such calls, Chinese authorities detained many dozens, if not hundreds, of dissidents, human rights activists and persistent protesters. Many remain in custody, including the well-known artist Ai Weiwei, who officials have said is suspected of “economic crimes,” a charge his family rejects.
On Thursday, the Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesman Hong Lei told reporters that the Shouwang Church was “an organization with no legal basis.”
The eviction is the latest chapter in a series of disputes over the church, which started out in a rented apartment in 1993. It had been worshipping on Sundays in a rented restaurant until the landlord ended the agreement, which church members blamed on official pressure.
Estimates of how many Chinese people are Christian vary widely, especially because many of them are members of Protestant or Catholic congregations that shun Party oversight.
Surveys in recent years have concluded that, in all, there could be about 40 million Protests and 14 million Catholics.
An unidentified man (R) holds a suspected member of the Shouwang Church, a Protestant group, as a uniformed policeman talks on a radio near the site of a proposed outdoor Easter service in a park near a shopping area in Beijing April 24, 2011. REUTERS/David Gray
The Catholic church in China is divided between a government-recognized side that curtails the Pope's authority to ordain bishops and manage church affairs, and an “underground” side that refuses to accept government controls.
Pope Benedict has been encouraging reconciliation between the two sides of the Chinese church and exploring establishing formal ties with Beijing.
But this month, the Vatican said bishops installed in China without papal blessing were a “grave wound” on the entire church.
K-Pop, rom-coms and Korean dramas like Endless Love: Winter Sonata paint a picture of a carefree, beautiful South Korea. But behind the popular images of pretty boys, high fashion, lush landscapes and beautiful architecture is another narrative: the Korean War.
The war began in 1950, after 135,000 soldiers from the communist North Korean People's Army crossed the boundary in the 38th parallel and invaded the southern Republic of Korea. The Korean War became the first war that the United Nations played a part in; 16 countries sent troops and 41 countries sent equipment to aid the South. The Philippines was among the first responders. If you check the back of our P500 bill, you'll see Ninoy Aquino with an article he wrote as a war correspondent in South Korea.
The war never officially ended. It only went into a ceasefire in 1953, after over two million Koreans died from both the North and South. Today, the tension runs like an undercurrent, surfacing every so often when the North threatens the South.
Walking around Seoul, you can usually see young men in uniform back in town for a day off. They're my age — riding the train, holding hands with their girlfriends — yet are required to serve two years in the military before they turn 30.
During our most recent trip to South Korea, my parents and I spent a day at the Demilitarized Zone (DMZ), the buffer area that puts four kilometers between North and South Korea. It is the most heavily militarized border in the world. Many believe it is also the tensest.
Tunnels and Train Tracks
I first visited the DMZ as a 19-year old exchange student. I remember the escort soldier warning us: stay out of areas marked for land mines, don't touch the fences, don't take photos in prohibited areas. He pointed towards a hill on the other side of the border: “That's already North Korea.”
How surreal it was to see how close the North was, yet know that life there was so different from that of the South.
Back in the present day, our tour guide Sunny is speaking into a microphone as we drove through Gyeonggido Province on the way to the border: “It's very sad. My grandmother has siblings in North Korea, and she's already accepted that they'll never see each other again.” On the way, we pass by Imjingak, a “unification park” with memorials for the war such as the Freedom Bridge, a pond shaped like the Korean peninsula, and an old steam locomotive that appeared to have bullet holes in the sides.
Across Imjingak is Mangbaedan, where people who originally lived in North Korea visit and bow towards their old hometown during New Year's Day. Imjingak is a relatively relaxed place, with minimal security. The same could not be said about our next destination: the Third Infiltration Tunnel.
Discovered in the 1970s, this tunnel was proof that the North planned to invade the South even after the signing of the ceasefire. The South Korean military has discovered a total of four tunnels, though they believe there are over ten more tunnels that have yet to be found. We deposit our cameras in lockers, pass through metal detectors, put on plastic helmets and make our way down to connect with the Third Infiltration Tunnel, which is 240 feet underground.
The tunnel itself is made of granite, though North Korea painted it black and called it an innocent “coal mine” when it was discovered. It's a tight fit — as a tiny, 5'2 Filipina, I can pass through it with little difficulty; behind me, the tall Europeans in our tour group hunch over. It's hard to imagine how 30,000 North Korean soldiers per hour were expected to pass through this.
At the end, we see a concrete barrier. This is as close to North Korea as we'll physically get. As we prepare to make the 240-foot climb back to open air, we found an unexpected bit of lightness: a small spring had been discovered by the South Koreans and turned into a turtle-shaped fountain. Visitors drink here before the ascent.
One of the areas that you can visit even without a tour guide is the Dorasan Station, the northernmost train station in South Korea. It was built by contributions from 13,000 private individuals and companies to symbolize the hope for reunification. There are literally no other buildings in the vicinity of the station, only fields and mountains as far as the eye could see. We look out and feel a bittersweet mix of sadness and hope.
Seoul: A Legacy of Recovery
When people ask why I keep going back to South Korea, I joke that it's because I get mistaken for a local and can easily blend in. But if I were to give a serious answer, it's that I'm fascinated by the dual nature of the Land of Morning Calm: tradition and modernity, peace and war, destruction and recovery.
It's not just at the border that conflict has left its mark, but even within the capital city of South Korea: Seoul. Right in the middle of Seoul is Gyeongbokgung, a sprawling palace whose name translates to Greatly Blessed by Heaven.
Backpacker wisdom taught me to avoid guided tours. But signing up for the free tour of Gyeongbokgung was one of the best choices we made. Lee Chun Seon, our guide, planned the Gyeongbokgung tour of US President Barack Obama!
Ms. Lee tells us that the buildings of Gyeongbokgung have a bitter history and underwent restoration several times. The Japanese demolished hundreds of structures during their occupations. Even the King himself abandoned Gyeongbokgung after Japanese assassins dragged his wife from her sleeping quarters, stabbed to death, and burned.
I asked our tour guide Lee Chun Seon if she changes her tour sequence when Japanese tourists are around. She says: “We give the same tour to everyone. The Japanese government does not talk about the war. What they did is not in the textbooks, so the people do not know. But when ordinary Japanese people hear about what happened in Korea, they apologize.”
Happier parts of Korea's history are immortalized as well in Seoul. In the cultural district of Insadong, several hanbok cafes let visitors rent elaborate costumes in the Joseon Dynasty style for photo shoots.
A small restaurant called Miss Lee Star Cafe serves meals in silver lunchboxes like those used in the 1970s South Korea. We opened each box to find rice, kimchi, luncheon meat, and egg. We closed these boxes and shook them like good little Korean children in order to mix all the ingredients together.
Insadong is a modern place with a traditional vibe. For that time-capsule feel, we walked to the nearby Bukchon Hanok Village. I don't remember the route we took once we were in Bukchon, only that we'd wander around until we hit a dead end and then switch directions. We didn't mind — getting lost is fun in a place so beautiful.
Several subway stations away, the National War Memorial of Korea is a museum with a graveyard of tanks and airplanes and an airy corridor with plaques of fallen soldiers' names. Inside, they remember battles from an era long past with a replica of the armored “turtle ship” that the royal navy used from the 15th to 19th century.
Again, there's a bittersweet feeling at this memorial similar to DMZ. While we're free to enter, climb aboard battleships and sit inside tanks, we also remember that not too long ago, these weapons witnessed war. South Korea is lucky that they can be retired.
I believe we travel to seek out stories, whether it's to know a place for the first time or to see a familiar place with fresh eyes. Thanks to the popularity of South Korea's cultural exports — dramas like Jewel in the Palace, music from Psy and unbelievably gorgeous girl groups such as 2NE1 and Girls Generation — Seoul is now a hotbed for tourists. But beyond its modern attractions, what makes South Korea's capital city unique is how their history is on display for all to see.
What I love about Seoul is that “old Seoul” actually moves within “new Seoul,” from palaces a stone's throw away from the central business district, to nostalgia cafes frequented by teenagers, to wartime memorials that look to the future.
Battles have leveled the city many times. Yet here is Seoul, a giant in the industries of technology, music, and tourism. Perhaps this is the greatest achievement of South Korea — not that they've built all these fancy monuments, but that they've risen from the ashes to rebuild anew.
[Entry 36, The SubSelfie Blog]
About the Author:
Cristina Gratia “Ceej” Tantengco is a courtside reporter for ABS-CBN Sports. She was a digital producer for GMA News Online and the travel show Biyahe ni Drew. She is also the editor-in-chief of the travel and lifestyle website KamustaMagazine.ph. This is her third time in South Korea. While still a student at Ateneo, she won three Don Carlos Palanca Memorial Awards. Learn more about her through her personal blog.
Advertisements
Newcastle United Football Club is using data analysis technology and services so that it can understand its supporters better and make more targeted offers to them.
While football manager Rafa Benitez is tasked with keeping fans entertained and engaged with on-field activity, the club's marketing department is using software to improve off-field engagement with fans.
With the average home match at St James' Park attracting 50,000 supporters and thousands more fans following the team around the country, the club has invested in Qlik Sense data analysis software from Qlik to help it understand their demands.
The software helps marketing teams to understand and act upon trends. The club contracted Newcastle-based IT services firm Technology Services Group (TSG) to roll out the technology and provide data science expertise.
Chris Scott, data and insight manager at Newcastle United, said the club wanted to gain a deeper understanding of its fan base.
“We wanted to be able to offer them a more bespoke experience, depending on what they enjoy doing while they're at the stadium,” he said. “We also wanted to vastly improve our online communication methods so we could provide our fans with much more relevant, targeted and regular information.”
First, the club had to “cleanse” its existing data, said Scott. And getting the data up to date was vital if the club was to target fans appropriately.
“For example, we had 400,000 people on our database without dates of birth, which meant we couldn't target specific demographics,” said Scott.
After updating the data, the club implemented Qlik Sense data visualisation software to help it see trends.
“What Qlik Sense allows us to do is spot hidden trends within our data, which will prove incredibly helpful in our marketing,” said Scott.
“I can now create very specific mailing lists in less than five minutes. This could be using data that is all over the place. For example, I can say, ‘I'd like to see the attendance of 24 different matches by age band'. Previously, I'd have had to spend a couple of hours re-coding the data to see that. Now I can build a chart in a few seconds which gives me a very clear picture.”
The club faced a particular challenge this year after being relegated from the Premier League. “Being in the Championship, we need to raise our fans' excitement again, and we have a massive opportunity to do that now,” said Scott. “Having Rafa [Benitez] stay on as manager has helped too, of course.”
It is vital to have expertise alongside the software, said Scott, so TSG is providing ongoing support. “Data is a science, and to get the best results, you have to work with people who know what they're doing and can ask the right questions from your data,” he said.
Coordinates:
Coast to Coast AM is an American late-night radio talk show that deals with a variety of topics. Most frequently the topics relate to either the paranormal or conspiracy theories. The program is distributed by Premiere Networks, both as part of its talk network and separately as a syndicated program. The program now airs seven nights a week 1:00 a.m. – 5:00 a.m. Eastern Time Zone.[1]
Created and originally hosted and made famous by the late Art Bell, the program is now hosted by George Noory. According to estimates by Talkers Magazine, Coast to Coast AM has a cumulative weekly audience of around 2.75 million unique listeners listening for at least five minutes, making it the most listened-to program in its time slot.[2] Today, the program is heard on more than 600 stations in the U.S., Canada, and Australia.[3]
Format and subject matter [ edit ]
The Coast to Coast AM format consists of a combination of live callers and long-format interviews. The subject matter covers unusual topics and is full of personal stories related to callers, junk science, pseudo-experts and non-peer-reviewed scientists. While program content is often focused on paranormal and fringe subjects, sometimes, world-class scientists such as Michio Kaku and Brian Greene are featured in long-format interviews. Topics discussed include the near-death experience, climate change, cosmology, quantum physics, remote viewing, hauntings, contact with extraterrestrials, psychic reading, metaphysics, science and religion, conspiracy theories, Area 51, Ouija boards, crop circles, cryptozoology, Bigfoot, the Hollow Earth hypothesis, and science fiction literature. Since the September 11, 2001 attacks, the events of that day (as well as alternate theories surrounding them) and current U.S. counter-terrorism strategy have also become frequent themes. George Noory, the primary host since Art Bell retired, took interest in the 2012 phenomenon and believed that a transformative event could happen, but stated repeatedly on air that he believed human civilization would still exist on December 22, 2012.
In 2008, Noory volunteered an elaboration of the show's policy respecting the controversial opinions of regular guests. He explained that, provided there was no element of hostility toward third parties, it was program policy to allow expression of opinion unchallenged. He gave as an example Richard C. Hoagland's contention that features on Mars are artificial, constructed by a civilization that once inhabited the planet. Noory does not challenge these statements and agrees with whomever is making the statements.
The Halloween edition of Coast to Coast AM becomes Ghost to Ghost AM, as listeners call in with their ghost stories. The New Year's Eve show usually entails listeners calling in their predictions for the coming year, and the host rating the predictions made a year earlier. In recent years, the host of the New Year's Eve prediction show has been cautioning the open line callers that they may not predict the assassination of any person or the death of the US president.
Broadcast area [ edit ]
Coast to Coast AM is broadcast on over 600 United States affiliates [1] (along with a limited number of FM stations), as well as many Canadian affiliates, several of which stream the show on their station's website. The affiliate group is fronted by 12 clear-channel stations, among them WBT in Charlotte, WHO in Des Moines, WWL in New Orleans, WOR in New York City, KFBK in Sacramento, and KFI in Los Angeles.
Hosts [ edit ]
George Noory hosts the show on weeknights and on the first Sunday of every month. Las Vegas-based investigative journalist George Knapp hosts the third and fourth Sunday of each month, and when there is a fifth Sunday, George Noory or another fill-in will host. Since the controversial firing of host John B. Wells, many Saturday episodes, as well as Sunday episodes not hosted by Knapp or Noory, are hosted by Connie Willis, Lisa Garr, Ian Punnett, or Canadian political conspiracy talk show host Richard Syrett. Syrett, Punnett and occasionally others also host some Fridays when Noory travels to Denver to record his video show Beyond Belief. Jimmy Church is another guest host, sometimes getting the whole weekend.
Former hosts [ edit ]
Mike Siegel hosted the show from April 2000 until February 2001. He became a frequent substitute for the show's original host, Art Bell in late 1999, and when Bell announced his retirement in early 2000, he recommended Siegel to succeed him.[4] Siegel maintained the format of the show that Bell had created, but his personal style was very different, and the show became less popular. Siegel hosted the show from Seattle, Washington, where he lived. Early in 2001, Bell decided to return, and Siegel left the show.
Other past hosts include weekend host Ian Punnett (who retired from the show due to tinnitus until returning on an occasional basis in 2018), Hilly Rose, Barbara Simpson, Rollye James and Dave Schrader.
In January 2012, John B. Wells replaced Punnett as host of the Saturday evening and the second Sunday evening programs. He was fired in January 2014 because the show's producers wanted to go in a "different direction on Saturday nights", and is now the host of his own subscriber based program, Caravan to Midnight.[5] On the February 4, 2014 episode of that program, Wells stated that he thought he had been fired from Coast to Coast because he hated Barack Obama to the point where he can't bear the sight or sound of him, going even further to state that he avoids "even speaking his (Obama's) name," expressing his view that Obama is an extremist and that the Affordable Care Act is a bad program and that health care coverage is not a right, but a privilege. A controversial show found Wells giving Alex Jones four hours, unchallenged.
Guests [ edit ]
Recurring guests [ edit ]
A complete list of guests is available on the Coast-to-Coast website, where they can be searched by show date, year, alphabet, etc.[19]
Banned guests [ edit ]
Sylvia Browne was banned by George Noory after the Sago mine incident in January 2006.
Nancy Lieder was not booked between October 2011 and October 2016, since several of her prophecies had failed.
The Amazing Kreskin was banned after misrepresenting a so-called mass "happening" as a UFO sighting.
The Ghost Buster Gals are no longer booked, since they appeared on Art Bell's Dark Matter. Foster and Laure Lee have stated that Coast to Coast AM producer Tommy Danheiser informed them that since they were on Dark Matter their services were no longer needed.
John Barbour was dumped mid-interview by George Noory on September 27, 2016 for what Noory deemed excessive profanity. However, Barbour refuted this in another interview, citing differences of opinion about some of the people about which he was telling anecdotes.
Sandy Irons was banned by George Noory due to Irons simply calling in to bash fan theories surrounding Supreme Leader Snoke of the Star Wars franchise. Irons' final call in was on August 16, 2017 when he shouted over the phone, "Your Snoke theory sucks! All Snoke theories suck!" as soon as he got on the line. Noory simply asked Irons for his own Snoke theory and Irons began shouting again. Noory dumped him mid-shouting and Irons was banned from the program.[20]
Richard C. Hoagland who was banned after appearing on Art Bell's show.
Associated shows [ edit ]
Several shows associated with Coast to Coast AM have aired in the slot immediately preceding the late Saturday night edition of the program, from 6–10 p.m. Pacific time.
Dreamland [ edit ]
Dreamland was another Art Bell creation, nearly identical to Coast AM but less caller driven. Bell recorded Dreamland on Friday afternoons where the show streamed live over the Internet and listeners could call in towards the end of the show. The show then aired at various times on different stations during the weekend, but doing eight shows a week got to be too much and he handed over control of the show to Whitley Strieber. Many affiliates aired the show before Coast to Coast AM on Sunday nights, but Premiere Radio pre-empted that time spot after it began to syndicate Matt Drudge, and then dropped the program entirely.
Coast to Coast Live [ edit ]
Upon Art Bell's January 2006 return, Ian Punnett hosted Coast To Coast Live on Saturdays from 9 p.m. to 1 a.m. Eastern Time. A spin-off of the original Coast to Coast AM, the show covered similar topics as its flagship program. With Bell's July 2007 retirement, Coast to Coast Live was discontinued, with Punnett returning to host the regular Saturday edition.
Art Bell, Somewhere in Time [ edit ]
Replacing Coast to Coast Live in the late Saturday time slot is a series of reruns of classic Art Bell episodes of Coast to Coast AM, airing under the title Somewhere in Time.
Midnight in the Desert [ edit ]
Midnight in the Desert is a live radio and podcast which Art Bell founded. The program was later hosted by Heather Wade and is currently hosted by Dave Schrader.
Criticism [ edit ]
Art Bell stated that the decision to come out of retirement was entirely his, a response to the direction that George Noory has taken the show—too much political talk (Noory contends that Coast is “bi-partisan, straight down the middle“ but most correspondents and political guests are rightwing) and not enough of open-minded exploration of the supernatural that defined Bell's tenure as host. Noory, Bell said, has "ruined" the franchise of Coast to Coast AM.[21] Noory said after Bell's death (in April 2018) that the two were “not that close” personally and that there were major differences in their approaches.[22]
The program's ratings under Noory have fallen to only 3.25 million listeners per week. Coast to Coast AM previously boasted a weekly listening audience in excess of 10 million listeners under Art Bell.[23][24] At its peak “Coast to Coast AM” under Art Bell was syndicated by Premiere Radio Network, and aired on more than 500 radio stations with 15 million listeners.[25] Since 2013 the listener numbers have shrunk an additional half million to a mere 2.75 million.[26] Listener numbers in 2014 have continued to decline to 2.5 million.[26]
Scholars have criticized Coast to Coast AM for promoting pseudohistoric and pseudoscientific ideas.[27]
See also [ edit ]
Earlier today, right-wing activist E.W. Jackson tweeted out a short video of Donald Trump telling a gathering of Religious Right activists not to be “politically correct” and just blindly pray for all elected officials (as the Bible instructs) but to pray specifically for him and his campaign.
“You can pray for your leaders, and I agree with that, pray for everyone,” Trump said, “but what you really have to do is you have to pray to get everybody out to vote, and for one specific person. We can't be politically correct and say we pray for all of our leaders because all of your leaders are selling Christianity down the tubes, selling the evangelicals down the tubes, and it's a very, very bad thing that's happening.”
Sure, you can offer up rote and generic prayers for leaders if you want, Trump was telling these activists, but you should really concentrate on offering up your real prayers for me and my presidential campaign and not those leaders who “are selling Christianity down the tubes.”
Shortly after this meeting, Jackson hosted a conference call where he insisted that Trump did not say what Jackson's own video showed him saying.
“Let me just address one thing that he said during our steering committee meeting,” Jackson stated, “when he said, ‘Don't buy this political correctness you gotta pray for everybody' … There are some people who say, ‘Oh, Donald Trump said don't pray for all your leaders, only pray for him.' Look, folks, I was in the room. Donald Trump acknowledged that we're supposed to pray for everybody. He acknowledged that. But what he was trying to say was, after that he said don't let political correctness stop you from realizing I gotta pray for everybody [but] you gotta pray for this campaign, you have got to pray for new leadership in this country.”
“Basically, he didn't say it quite the way I would say it,” Jackson continued, “but he made clear we do have some specific prayers that we need to be praying right now. I don't disagree with that and I never interpreted anything he said as don't pray for everybody, just pray for me. This is the idiocy that you get from the left, they want to try to twist and turn everything but that is not what he said. I was in the room, I wasn't 15 feet from the man when he was talking about those issues. He was saying, ‘Don't say we're just praying for everybody because you can pray for everybody but right now, we have to get very specific about praying for a specific outcome in this election.”
The multibillion-rand Square Kilometre Array (SKA) project has landed in South African hands, but it might be just a notional victory for the country as funding remains in limbo.
With an estimated budget of €1.5-billion (R16-billion) and most developed countries facing their own debt and funding crunch, it is unclear at this stage who will foot the bill, which could be bigger than the projected costs.
Science and Technology Minister Naledi Pandor has suggested it could almost double to about €2.5-billion (R26.2-billion), excluding maintenance costs. If she is on the mark, the project will present a funding headache for South Africa.
One of the biggest funders, the United States, has already bailed on the project and the eurozone, which is teetering on the edge of a sovereign debt collapse, is unlikely to meet the initial funding expectation of this huge project that will be housed in the Northern Cape.
After nine years of hard toil, South Africa last week was rewarded with 70% of the location rights (Australia has the remainder), but the expectation is that the eight member countries of the SKA Organisation will all contribute to the total cost of the project.
However, with the global economy on tenterhooks, it is uncertain where the money will come from or whether it will come at all. South Africa, with its R1-trillion infrastructure plans, cannot afford to pay more than what the treasury has already allocated towards the project. There are already warnings from global ratings agencies about South Africa's growing public debt.
It was initially expected that Europe would fund 40% of the project, a comparable amount would come from the US and the balance from the other countries involved in the project. But in June last year the SKA consortium in the US decided to dissolve following the 2010 Astronomy Decadal survey, which did not give the project a positive funding recommendation.
Funding was a challenge
Because US astronomy and astrophysics projects are commonly selected every 10 years, it means no funding will be set aside for the SKA in this decade, although the US could still possibly join in the next decade. The project is expected to come online in 2024.
In a departmental progress report presented to Parliament last year, Mmboneni Muofhe, chief director of international corporation resource at the department of science and technology in South Africa, said funding was a big challenge with the US not coming on board.
And, in light of continued financial turmoil in the eurozone and fears about the possibility of a Greek exit, it is unlikely that substantial funding from Europe will be forthcoming.
Who is in charge
The project is led by the SKA Organisation, a non-profit company established in December last year. It is a private company in the United Kingdom that does not have share capital but members who are guarantors with limited liability.
Member countries of the organisation are South Africa, Australia, Canada, China, Italy, New Zealand, the Netherlands and the UK.
Real construction money
The funding model and each country's contribution still needed to be negotiated, said Justin Jonas, the associate director of science and engineering at SKA South Africa. He emphasised that it was too early to tell what the funding structure would look like. “Every major project in the world has a different contribution model,” he said.
The global economic crisis had not been an issue in terms of the relatively small budget during the preconstruction phase, Jonas said, noting that even Italy was a member country, despite its eurozone woes. However, “it may be an issue soon when real construction money needs to flow”. Although there is no real capital expenditure until construction begins, a contribution is required from each country to fund the design phase.
The minimum contribution required from each of the eight members is €250000 a year, but the UK has opted to pay €2-million a year and South Africa will contribute €1-million. Membership of the organisation will remain open and it is expected that up to 20 members could join in the near future.
Exactly how much money would be contributed by whom and when had been a matter of flux and debate for some time, said Marian Shinn, former Democratic Alliance spokesperson for science and technology and now the spokesperson for communication.
Although letters of commitment were signed by SKA founding member countries in April last year, there was no legal mechanism for following through on their funding pledges, she said.
South Africa's contribution
Jonas said South Africa had already committed R1.4-billion to the MeerKAT telescope, which could possibly be offset against the total project cost. “We established the heart of it and we cannot afford to put in much more,” Shinn said. “It is an international project and it is time for the other countries to come to the party.”
Jabulani Sikhakhane, the treasury's chief director of communications, said South Africa's SKA commitments were and would continue to be funded through the department of science and technology's budget. “An amount of R835-million has already been spent on the SKA, with a further R547-million budgeted for over the medium-term expenditure framework.”
South Africa's contribution will come from the overall department budget, which has a projected fiscal allocation of R21-billion over three years. The government is aware of South Africa's growing debt and the risk it poses. But Konrad Reuss, managing director at rating agency Standard & Poor's, said: “Government co-funding will not be at a level that would undermine its financial position, hence I don't see it as a rating factor. The growing public sector wage bill or social transfer, if uncontrolled, would be a greater worry.”
Jonas said, although there would be economic benefits and business opportunities created during the construction and operation phases, participation in the project was not about direct economic impact.
“It enhances the region's position in the knowledge economy and that will lead to secondary benefits like the development of individuals and institutions that are competitive in the global economy.”
The dummy's guide to the telescope
The Square Kilometre Array (SKA) is a global science and engineering project to build the world's largest radio telescope. It will have 50 times the sensitivity and 100 times the survey speed of current imaging instruments.
South Africa's winning of two-thirds of the bid to host the project affords the entire African continent an opportunity to play an increasingly important role in the global knowledge economy.
According to SKA Africa, the mega telescope will be powerful and sensitive enough to observe radio signals from the immediate aftermath of the Big Bang.
It will search for Earth like planets and potential life in the universe, test theories of gravity and examine the mystery of dark energy.
A prime objective of the SKA is to probe the so-called “dark ages”, when the early universe was in a gaseous form before stars and galaxies were formed. Scientists are optimistic that the SKA will allow many new discoveries about how the universe was formed and what it is made of.
Looking back in time
The SKA will consist of about 4 000 dish-shaped antennae and other hybrid receiving technologies. It will have a core of several hundred antennae and outlying stations of 30 to 40 antennae spiralling out from the core. These stations will be spread over a vast area up to 3000km in extent. The combined collecting area of all these antennae will add up to 1km2.
The SKA will detect electromagnetic radiation (radio waves) and cosmic rays emitted by extremely distant celestial objects, such as stars and galaxies. Because electromagnetic radiation travels at a fixed speed of about 300 000km a second, very distant objects are observed as they were in the distant past.
This will allow astronomers to “look back in time” to observe the early stages of the evolution of the universe.
The SKA must be built in remote areas, as far away as possible from man-made radio interference, which is caused by sources such as cellular masts, radio broadcasts and air traffic navigation signals.
The South African construction site will be in the Karoo region of the Northern Cape near to the towns of Carnarvon and Williston. But the SKA is so large that out­lying stations will be spread out over several African countries, including Namibia, Botswana, Mozambique, Zambia, Mauritius, Madagascar, Kenya and Ghana. (Source: SKA Africa: ska.ac.za) - Lisa Steyn
SKA timeline
1991: SKA
concept created.
2006: Shortlisting of sites.
2008-2012: Telescope system design and costing.
2011: SKA organisation
established as a legal entity.
2012-13: South Africa selected as main site.
2013-15: Detailed design and production engineering.
2016-19: Phase one construction.
2018-23: Phase two building.
2020: Phase two comes online with first astronomical observations.
2024: Full operation.
One man, one game, a tangle of acquisitions and missing rights: it is a love story for the ages.
Earlier this month, an oft-forgotten Relic game called Impossible Creatures popped up on Steam thanks to publisher Nordic Games.
The release startled laughs of shock and recognition from veteran PC gamers, because Impossible Creatures was one of the first titles Valve used to demonstrate Steam, back before digital distribution was something we took for granted.
The demo probably came about due to Valve and Relic's friendly relationship; the two both worked with Sierra Online. But somehow, Impossible Creatures never made it to Valve's platform – until now.
And that's pretty weird. Impossible Creatures certainly deserves a second look, and it still has an active fanbase, but in general it has been forgotten. Outside of the satisfaction of seeing it finally launch on Steam, it seems an odd choice for a re-mastered released, and it's not as if Nordic has been in a hurry to move on the many properties it picked up in the auction of THQ's assets. Why this one, obscure Relic title?
The answer is: someone really liked it.
That someone is Nordic Games' Reinhard Pollice. “Before we went into the whole auction process, we did our own research and digging. Impossible Creatures was on my list of titles I thought THQ could possibly have the rights to,” he told us.
“I played it when it first came out and really enjoyed it because of its interesting and new mechanics. It certainly was quite a good RTS game, like everything that comes from Relic.”
Pollice earmarked Impossible Creatures as a potential purchase when the publisher started looking at picking up THQ's properties, but the situation was more complicated than he expected; first released in 2002, Impossible Creatures pre-dates THQ's 2004 acquisition of Relic.
“The guys at THQ themselves didn't even know that they had this title.”
“The guys at THQ themselves didn't even know that they had this title,” Pollice said.
It turned out that neither THQ nor Microsoft owned the rights: Relic had them all along. Relic itself was sold to Sega, but Nordic managed to snaffle Impossible Creatures.
“It appeared in one of [THQ's] trademark lists later on and after some requesting we got contract material between Relic and Microsoft, as we knew it was possible that the rights were still with Microsoft,” Pollice explained.
“There was some uncertainty but we were clear that Relic owned the IP so it made sense to include these rights in our THQ transaction. ”
Dealing with Microsoft was “straight forward and easy”, Pollice said, but even after sorting the rights out there was still the matter of finding the actual game; it's an unfortunate reality of the games industry that entire projects are routinely sent to data heaven.
THQ had nothing, but as luck would have it, Relic did. After “some back and forth”, Sega and Relic acknowledged Nordic's claim to Impossible Creatures and relinquished everything they could dig up.
“Unfortunately this didn't include the latest source data, but rather a drop from the 1.0 release,” Pollice said.
That means Nordic was missing “a ton of work” Relic did post-launch, notably refining its software development kit (SDK) and creating the Insect Invasion add on.
Relic couldn't help any further; most of the staff who worked on Impossible Creatures were long gone, as far as Pollice knows, and the studio just didn't have the data Nordic wanted. Plus, it was busy with its own projects.
Nordic didn't give up there, though; it was determined to recreate the lost content.
“We had one in-house developer, Wojciech Knopf, working on it, who put a lot of effort into comparing assembly stuff,” Pollice said.
“Then we wanted to make the multiplayer experience as convenient as possible and wrote a lot of stuff for NAT Traversal and port forwarding to make sure players behind modern router/firewall setups can connect. Usually this is a thing that gets too little attention during development and therefore doesn't work properly, so we knew we had to get it right and it took months of testing.
“In this phase we brought in a group that still kept an Impossible Creatures community going and were longing for a way to play online multiplayer again as I think the servers were shut down in 2006 or 2007.”
“There were generally much bigger plans back in the days with Impossible Creatures.”
This faithful fanbase was none other than the team responsible for the Tellurian mod. “Especially Will Harradine and his team was an amazing help getting to remaster to where it is now,” Pollice said.
Although it's gratifying to see Impossible Creatures accessible to new and existing audiences, it's also a sad reminder that even much-loved games don't always fill their potential. Certainly the then-independent Relic had bigger plans for the property than ever materialised.
“The Insect Invasion add-on which was originally planned as a full paid expansion pack but I guess due to limited success it was converted into a free downloadable expansion. There were generally much bigger plans back in the days with Impossible Creatures. Relic also worked on a game for the original Xbox platform based on Impossible Creatures,” Pollice revealed.
At least we can finally play Impossible Creatures on Steam, a promise 13 years in the making. While Pollice said he doesn't know why the game didn't release on Steam after being chosen as a demo title for the then-nascent platform, he offered some speculation.
“I guess that between the presentation of the game and the actual release of Steam and the time Impossible Creatures actually got released, Relic got bought out by THQ and it was clear that IC was not very successful,” he said.
You might have expected Valve to get a bit excited about seeing Impossible Creatures finally launch on Steam, but Pollice said Nordic's contact at Valve “wasn't really involved back in the day”.
“But now that they realised that it's quite a nice title with a great story behind it, they gave us a large capsule feature in the classic and cult classic section ,” he added.
I'd like to think that, wherever they are now, the team who poured their hearts into Impossible Creatures are pleased to see it brought back with such loving care.
Impossible Creatures is available on Steam for $10.
Is your hometown gone?
Some of the Arab candidates mentioned may not be Muslim, but the Arab American News doesn't provide those details for readers. Based on the stories it runs – where Arab is often synonymous with Muslim, it really should be renamed the Muslim American News. Regardless, the hijra is bearing fruit in two more Michigan cities overrun with Muslims.
Source: Nearly half of the candidates for city positions are Arab Americans
DEARBORN — As the national spotlight on the city intensifies, so have the races for local public office.
Last year's election campaigns to replace a Dearborn district court judge and state representative developed into an invigorated engagement among residents, especially as Arab Americans threw their hats in the ring.
This year, the mayor's office, the City's Clerk's office and all seven City Council seats will be up for grabs. At press time, 22 residents have already officially expressed interest in running for these seats; 10 of them are of Arab descent.
A half dozen individuals, including local officials and entrepreneurs, are hoping to replace incumbent Mayor Jack O'Reilly, who's expected to seek reelection.
O'Reilly, the son of the late Mayor John O'Reilly, Sr., became mayor pro-term in December 2006, following the death of former Mayor Michael Guido. He was elected to a partial term in a special election in 2007 and re-elected to a full term in 2009 and again in 2013. He'd previously been City Council president for 17 years, starting in 1989.
The senior O'Reilly was mayor from 1978-1985. He'd previously been the city's police chief.
At press time, Mayor O'Reilly had only pulled a petition to gather the required 200 signatures to be filed at the city clerk's office; he has not yet filed it.
Other mayoral contenders include local business developer Hakim Fakhoury, financial planner Jim Parrelly, City Council President Pro-tem Thomas Tafelski and residents Edward Binkley and Afaf Ahmad.
So far, only Fakhoury and Tafelski have filed their petitions.
A dozen residents have pulled petitions to run for City Council, including Councilman Mike Sareini. Four other Arab Americans also aspire to take a seat on the Council: Nada Al-Hanooti, Fayrouz Bazzi, Rifaat Hacham and Ramez Haidar.
Additional prospective candidates include Dearborn Rotary Club Ronald Reagan Ford.
Candidates interested in filling the position of city clerk, none of whom have filed petitions yet, include former State Rep. George Darany (D-Dearborn), whose term ended early this year, and residents Nofila Haidar, Fatmeh Saad and John Joseph Schimizzi.
In Dearbornistan Heights, more Islamization. via Source: Dearborn Heights municipal election attracts record number of Arab American candidates
Dearborn Heights is facing shifting demographics, reflecting that of its neighbor, Dearborn, where nearly half of the 22 candidates for city positions are Arab Americans and where the highest concentration of that community resides.
So far, 23 individuals have expressed interest in running for election or reelection to the offices of mayor, treasurer, city clerk and Dearborn Heights City Council, according to Dearborn Heights city documents obtained by The AANews. Six of them are Arab Americans, the highest number of Arab American candidates in an election in the city. All six are competing for the four available City Council positions.
While that hardly compares to Dearborn's numbers, it marks a significant change from the 2009 election, when only a single Arab American candidate ran for City Council.
The candidates are Bill Bazzi, Dana Mohammad, Houssain Mallad, Ali Berry, Mohamad Baydoun and incumbent Councilman Tom Berry, who is running for reelection.
Berry and Councilman Dave Abdallah, who was elected in 2015, are currently the only Arab Americans on the City Council.
Councilwoman Lisa Hicks-Clayton and retired city police officer Ed Garcia aim to replace current Mayor Dan Paletko, who is also seeking reelection.
At press time, both mayoral contenders have submitted the required petition with 100 signatures at the City Clerk's office; Paletko has not yet filed.
To date, a total of 18 candidates are competing for the four City Council seats, three of whom have submitted their petitions. Bazzi was one of the three.
Watch this video to see what a Muslim-majority city council in Hamtramck, Michigan looks like.
WP Cumulus Flash tag cloud by Roy Tanck requires Flash Player 9 or better.
What do you think of "MyMagic+"?
WDW News Today is a daily source of news and information about the Walt Disney World Resort in Orlando, Florida. Through providing pictures, videos, and articles, WDWNT lives up to its tag-line of "Bridging the Gaps Between You and the World". This site is also home to the award nominated WDW News Today Podcast.
« Pepper Market Buffet May Stay After Successful Test Run | Home | Fantasyland Shrinks Before It Expands »
Posted on December 16, 2011
WDWNT Reporter Josh Siegel visited Epcot last night and has a number of newsworthy photos to share with us from his trip:
The Germany train village is decorated for the holidays
Candlelight Processional
Santa's Village at the American Adventure
Plenty of holiday merchandise available
Precious Moments Disney dolls
More Precious Moments
You can build your own Disney Christmas village with these pieces
Decorations at the American Adventure
Hanukkah display
How to make one large gingerbread house
Katsura Grill at the Japan pavilion is now open
It looks nice after the long remodel
A look at the menu
Epcot Christmas tree
New directional signage is up around Future World
The signage is either blue or green, again pointing to the eventual renaming of Future World East and West as Blue/Green that we have been talking about for a few years
Topiary display near Innoventions
A booth on the walkway between Future World and World Showcase behind walls
Stage set for Joyful!
The tip board still works and is decorated for the holidays!
The Stitch topiary lights up at night
Lilo and Stitch signed the back
Bambi
Thumper and Flower
If you can't have real snow…
Topics: Epcot, Photo Reports | 1 Comment »
The Supreme Court hears arguments on Monday in a case about whether Kentucky's use of a “cocktail” of injected poisons to carry out the death penalty is unconstitutional. We believe that the death penalty, no matter how it is administered, is unconstitutional and wrong. If a state does execute anyone, it must do so in a way that is humane and does not impose needless suffering. Kentucky's method does not meet that standard.
Popular support for capital punishment is, thankfully, declining in this country. The growing number of exonerations of innocent people on death row has shown that the system cannot be trusted to make such an irrevocable decision. There is considerable evidence of racial discrimination in the application of the death penalty. After years of botched electrocutions and other horrors, it is clear that the methods of taking life are barbaric.
In Kentucky, and nearly all of the states that have capital punishment, executions are carried out by injection of a three-drug “cocktail.” This is supposedly more humane than the electric chair. The more one learns about lethal injection, the less humane it appears.
There is considerable evidence that inmates do not go peacefully or easily. Instead they are reported to feel suffocation, paralysis and excruciating pain. This is particularly true when poorly trained, unskilled workers are administering the drugs, which is all too often the case.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
The Supreme Court could decide to focus on the narrow question about what legal standard to apply in lethal injection cases. The two sides disagree on just how substantial a risk there must be of the inmate's feeling severe pain for the procedure to be unconstitutional. It is, of course, important to get the standard right. But the court needs to look beyond that and rule that Kentucky's method of lethal injection violates the Eighth Amendment prohibition on cruel and unusual punishment.
The record in the case shows that Kentucky does not have adequate safeguards in place — both for procedures and personnel — to ensure that inmates do not suffer needlessly. Execution team members are not sufficiently trained in performing executions, and they do not adequately monitor inmates during executions to make sure that they are not feeling pain. The lawyers for the inmates in the case have shown that Kentucky could revise its procedures in ways that substantially reduce the danger of causing pain and suffering. There is a one-drug alternative that would make it easier to detect when an inmate is in pain. There is no excuse for the state's employing anything but the most humane form of lethal injection.
Mozilla promised a faster refresh cycle for its wily web browser, following the release of Firefox 4 , and it's made good on that promise. We got word this morning that the final version of Firefox 5 is now available for download on Mozilla's ftp server, just 12 weeks after the last re-up. The latest incarnation brings with it support for CSS animation and a more easily accessible do-not-track setting -- now available at the top of the privacy pane -- but won't see much in the way of GUI enhancements. Of course, if you want to play it safe, and avoid any last-minute tweaks, you can always hold off until version 5 gets official, but what's the fun in that? If you've already got your hands on the sly fox, let us know your thoughts in the comments below.[Thanks, Haseeb]
The act of being able to tolerate, or imbibe tolerance historically has never been easy to carry over. Either it is willingness to accept feelings, habits, or beliefs that are different from your own definition or the the ability to accept, experience, or survive something harmful or unpleasant definition, there are no guarantees of progressive thoughts of tolerance making formulaic and consistent headway (however having laws in place to guide tolerance in society does help).
Dr. WIlliam Glasser, MD posited ten axioms on human behavior called Choice Theory. The axioms are:
The only person whose behavior we can control is our own. All we can give another person is information. All long-lasting psychological problems are relationship problems. The problem relationship is always part of our present life. What happened in the past has everything to do with what we are today, but we can only satisfy our basic needs right now and plan to continue satisfying them in the future. We can only satisfy our needs by satisfying the pictures in our Quality World. All we do is behave. All behavior is Total Behavior and is made up of four components: acting, thinking, feeling and physiology. All Total Behavior is chosen, but we only have direct control over the acting and thinking components. We can only control our feeling and physiology indirectly through how we choose to act and think. All Total Behavior is designated by verbs and named by the part that is the most recognizable.
Based on these, there is then no cookie-cutter, logical explanation to the rise in overall intra and interpersonal disharmony due to intolerance…unless we consider tracing the frustration explosion phenomena to axiom number 3: ALL LONG-LASTING PSYCHOLOGICAL PROBLEMS ARE RELATIONSHIP PROBLEMS. The inability to communicate one's thoughts and be heard, the ability to differentiate between being assertive and aggressive, and to tie one's rights over other's personal space all blurring the lines of the collective unconscious which is present a form of the unconscious (part of the mind Dr.Carl Jung proposed contained memories and impulses of which the individual is not aware) common to mankind and originating in the inherited structure of the brain.
What then if the collective unconscious has been relegated to crevices of mini mental villages and worlds as the highly technological world is creating biological changes in the apportions of appendages (e.g. functions of the thumb due to device usage) and dysregulated exposure to speed and graphics?
Choice Theory also says in axiom 7: All we do is behave. Behavior is situation and environmentally dependent, a thrice and strive response with surviving as the initial aim and contributing as the end goal. If one is not equipped with the tools to compete in the circles that are surrounding him or her, there is the tendency to withdraw, the flight, fight and freeze phenomenon courtesy of the cerebral Acetylcholine (Ach) all to preserve one's sanity and self. Behavior is an output, both genuine and malicious. If however there is an aberration of brain function, behavior will also mirror the bizarre processes; the anticipation of learned helplessness via anger or hurt habituates the brain into assuming this is the ‘normal' state of being.
We don't need to go to extremes however to be in learned helplessness — being in a job that is meaningless, a relationship that is not working, difficulties with parents or with children — all daily, common struggles experienced by us which push and pull stressors in one's coping mechanisms. And our eventual responses can range from being on the high frustration tolerance (HFT) or low frustration tolerance (LFT), as per Dr. Windy Dryden, a leading Cognitive Behavior Therapist (CBT) in the United Kingdom.
He says that high frustration tolerance beliefs are rational in that they are again primarily flexible and not grossly exaggerated. These beliefs are expressed in their full form, thus: ‘Failing my college exam would be difficult to tolerate, but I could stand it'. The stronger a person's unmet preference, the more difficult it would be for her to tolerate this situation, but if the person holds an HFT belief it would still be tolerable. That would mean an HFT belief is consistent with reality, and is logical since it again makes sense in the context of the person's preference. It is like a preference and an anti-awfulizing belief. Overall, it is constructive since it will help the person take effective action if the negative event that is being faced can be changed and it will encourage the person to make a healthy adjustment if the situation cannot be changed. HFT displays often are celebrated in Olympians, in academicians, or in service above and beyond required expectations of job descriptions.
Low frustration tolerance beliefs, on the other hand, are irrational in the sense that they are first and foremost grossly exaggerated. They are couched in such statements as ‘I can't stand it. ‘I can't bear it., ‘It's intolerable. When a person has a low frustration tolerance belief, it means one of two things: (i) the person will disintegrate or (ii) the person will never experience any happiness again. Since these two statements are obviously untrue, an LFT belief is inconsistent with reality.
It is also illogical since it is a nonsensical conclusion from the person's implicit rational belief (e.g. ‘Because it would be very bad if I failed my college exam, I couldn't stand it if I did fail'). Finally, like musts and awfulizing beliefs, it is unconstructive since it will interfere with the person taking effective action if the negative event that the person is facing can be changed and it will stop the person from making a healthy adjustment if the situation cannot be changed. Extreme examples of LFT displays end up in news headlines: aggression by the bullied, the angry, the fundamentalists.
If we brought these concepts of frustration to Education, we would refer to a recent graduate study by April Vian in 2012 from Kaplan University that looked at, “Teacher Frustration Tolerance and Disruptive Behavior of Special Education Students.” Teachers completed the Munich Personality Test with its measure of general frustration tolerance and a survey designed for this study of frustration tolerance for special education students. Results demonstrated negative correlations between teachers' general frustration tolerance and numbers of student discipline incidents among both general and special education children. Results also indicated that teachers found specific disabilities to be more frustrating than others and that frustration tolerance of certain disabilities may predict numbers of discipline incidents for these children.
Ultimately, the direction of the correlation was the inverse, with teachers having the greatest frustration tolerance for special education students also evidencing the greatest numbers of discipline incidents among these students. Among several explanations considered by the researcher, it was suggested that the school administrator in the facility where this study occurred was aware of teachers' with high levels of frustration tolerance for special education students and thus assigned the most difficult students to these teachers. These lead teachers to have the greatest number of associated discipline incidents among special education students.
Knowing how neurotransmitters are affected by bodily and emotional processes, it is then no surprise that levels of frustration can be influenced by these as well. As the focus in brain training is on strengthening the Pre-Frontal Cortex and Executive Functioning Skills, there also needs to be a heightened awareness for the environmental expectations to not demand more than what the developmental brain can muster, including in ourselves. Irrational beliefs usually stem from irrational or negative emotions that have been learned over time, over habitual exposure to situations that an individual deems impossible to control or comprehend, natural or society-caused.
Share
The Galaxy Note has become synonymous with the S Pen, but Samsung might be planning to make the stylus available for more than one device in the future.
That's according to a new Samsung patent published earlier this week, showing a smartphone cover with a built-in S Pen. The stylus is housed in the bottom corner of the case — which is where it is found on the Galaxy Note 5 — for quick access.
Housing the S Pen inside a cover would give users the ability to pull it out whenever necessary, without having to carry it around like an accessory. It also signals that Samsung might be interested in making the S Pen available on more devices.
Samsung would not be not the first company to bundle a stylus with a case, though the S Pen is a bit more than your average third-party stylus. It was specifically made for the company's Note lineup, and it works with a number of cool software features and apps on the phone.
However, the digitizer built into the display of the Galaxy Note is a feature that's not available on most other Samsung devices. In order for the S Pen to work on other devices, Samsung would have to add the same technology to its other smartphones. That might be something it is considering, if it plans to make the two-in-one smartphone cover stylus more than just a patent.
Patents are never conclusive evidence of an upcoming product, especially from a company like Samsung, which files thousands of patents every year. Samsung was awarded the most patents after IBM in the United States last year, so you can imagine how many of those end up serving no purpose.
The Donald Trump administration has arrested a government contractor named Reality Winner after she leaked classified NSA intel about the Trump-Russia scandal to the media. In the process, the Trump administration tacitly confirmed that the leaked intel is indeed real. Now the stage is set for explosive testimony by NSA Director Mike Rogers before Congress.
Now the entire world has confirmation of what the NSA already knew: the Russian government hacked into voter registration databases ahead of the 2016 election in order to determine precisely how to rig the election in Donald Trump's favor. Was NSA Director Rogers already planning to reveal that information during this testimony this week? If not, it'll be the centerpiece now.
The Democrats on the congressional committee will use their time to prompt Rogers to explain how Russia did it, how the NSA determined that Russia did it, and other key details. And since the basics are already out there publicly, there isn't much point in Rogers holding back in the name of protecting sensitive NSA information.
It's enough to make one wonder if Reality Winner chose right now to leak this particular information in order to pave the way for Mike Rogers to testify about it. It also begs the question of whether she was trying to get caught on purpose so the Trump administration would be forced to confirm its authenticity by busting her. If so, then she's taking a bold stand in the name of exposing Trump's Russian collusion. In that sense, Reality Winner may have sacrificed herself to try to take down a Reality Loser. Follow Palmer Report on Facebook and Twitter.
More than 400 million people in India use the internet, and more are coming online every day. But the vast majority of India's online content is in English, which only 20 percent of the country's population speaks—meaning most Indians have a hard time finding content and services in their language.
Building for everyone means first and foremost making things work in the languages people speak. That's why we've now brought our new neural machine translation technology to translations between English and nine widely used Indian languages—Hindi, Bengali, Marathi, Gujarati, Punjabi, Tamil, Telugu, Malayalam and Kannada.
Neural machine translation translates full sentences at a time, instead of pieces of a sentence, using this broader context to help it figure out the most relevant translation. The result is higher-quality, more human sounding translations.
Just like it's easier to learn a language when you already know a related language, our neural technology speaks each language better when it learns several at a time. For example, we have a whole lot more sample data for Hindi than its relatives Marathi and Bengali, but when we train them all together, the translations for all improve more than if we'd trained each individually.
19th episode of the second season of Star Trek: The Next Generation
"Manhunt" is the 19th episode of the second season of the American science fiction television series Star Trek: The Next Generation, the 45th episode overall, originally broadcast on June 19, 1989.
In this episode, the Enterprise must transport delegates to a conference, one of whom is an extremely man-hungry Lwaxana Troi with eyes for Captain Picard.
Drummer Mick Fleetwood from the British rock band Fleetwood Mac plays an Antedean dignitary in this episode.
Plot [ edit ]
The Federation starship Enterprise, under the command of Captain Jean-Luc Picard, is ordered to escort two Antedean ambassadors to an important conference to take place on the planet Pacifica. The Antedeans are transported aboard in a self-induced catatonic state—to reduce the stress of space travel—along with a plentiful food supply for when they awaken, in accordance with their custom.
En route, the Enterprise is ordered to rendezvous with a shuttlecraft carrying the Betazoid telepath ambassador Lwaxana Troi, mother of ship's counselor Deanna Troi, and her mute manservant Mr. Homn. Due to his previous experience with her (see "Haven"), Picard does not entirely welcome Lwaxana's presence, as she tends to be overbearing and lack tact, but Starfleet's instructions are that she be afforded full diplomatic courtesy. Lwaxana invites Picard to dinner, and he is surprised to find that rather than the formal diplomatic function for the entire senior staff that he expected, it is a romantic setting for just the two of them. Picard manages to evade her advances, inviting android Lieutenant Commander Data to join them, and manipulating him into taking over the conversation with long-winded anecdotes.
Troi explains that her mother has entered "The Phase": a stage in the life of a middle-aged Betazoid woman when her sex drive drastically increases, albeit clouding her judgment, and that she is searching for a new husband (having been long-since widowed). Picard chooses to retreat to the Holodeck to hide from her, leaving Commander Riker in charge. Frustrated by Picard's mysterious absence, Lwaxana chooses to target Riker instead, and apparently ignoring the possibility that her daughter still has feelings for him, makes a surprise announcement to the bridge crew that they will be married.
Following this development, and as the Antedeans have meanwhile been revived, Riker goes to the holodeck to notify Picard. Lwaxana follows, and having determined that Riker is not interested either, switches her attention to a character from Picard's Dixon Hill simulation, who returns her affections, forcing Picard to somewhat reluctantly inform her that her new husband-to-be is merely a holographic projection.
When the ship arrives at the conference and collected ambassadors prepare to beam down to the planet, Lwaxana offhandedly informs the crew that the Antedeans are actually assassins. Though they vehemently deny this, scans immediately show that they are carrying explosives, just as Lwaxana indicated, and they are taken into custody. She remarks that while she did not manage to find a new husband, at least she saved the conference, and as she is beaming away, playfully chastises Picard for having "such naughty thoughts" about her, much to his dismay.
Reception [ edit ]
"Manhunt" received a Nielsen rating of 8.9 and a ranking of 3 making it, according to the Nielsen system, towards the lower end of views for a first run Star Trek: The Next Generation episode[1]
References [ edit ]
^ "Seasons 1-2". Star Trek: The Next Generation Nielsen Ratings. Wayback Machine .
By Michael Hoexter, a policy analyst and marketing consultant on green issues, climate change, clean and renewable energy, and energy efficiency. Cross posted from New Economic Perspectives
350.org's “Do the Math” educational campaign and documentary film points out a crucial fact for our time: that most of the known reserves, the assets of the fossil fuel industry, must remain in the ground untapped, for the climate to remain something remotely like what we have known throughout the history of civilization. Civilization requires agriculture, which is dependent on a few sensitive species to produce a surplus of food for masses of people with comparatively lower levels of labor or mechanical work. If we make the climate inhospitable to these species, as well as to ourselves, via fossil fuel use and degradation of the carbon buffering capacity of the environment, we will make it vanishingly likely that our own success as a species will continue.
Another 350.org initiative for summer 2013 in the US, one of the centers of the worldwide fossil fuel industry, “Summer Heat”, is attempting to build a movement that draws the connection between climate change and keeping fossil fuels in the ground and pushing this connection into public awareness and onto the political agenda of ruling elites. “Summer Heat” will attempt to build a framework of common meaning around a series of movements against the more desperate, “unconventional” fossil fuel extraction practices that exact a more obvious toll on their points of extraction than the “easy” fossil fuel extraction of the days of oil gushers and natural gas driven upwards through vertical boreholes by underground pressure. These movements are for the most part geographically distributed and sometimes have different points of entry into their opposition to the new and more violent extraction methods of the fossil fuel industry.
The growing fight against the Keystone XL pipeline points out the much higher chances of damage to local environments from the more corrosive tar sands-derived heavy oil/bitumen in transit in the pipeline as well as the obvious open sore of the tar sands mining efforts in Alberta, Canada. The refining of tar sands is a process that is dirtier and has a higher chance of corrosion damage to facilities than conventional oil and leaves behind petroleum coke, a dirty form of coal.
Hydraulic fracturing or fracking does not leave such large open scars as tar sands extraction but instead creates a more widely dispersed patchwork of drilling sites and laces toxic chemicals and methane/natural gas into the water table in densely populated and highly productive agricultural lands. Fracking is a technique that can be used to extract “tight” and heavy oils trapped in rock formations, as well as the now more common fracking for shale gas.
In West Virginia, mountaintop removal mining, radically alters the Appalachian landscape to extract coal and has stirred some resistance. Other techniques, considered less controversial perhaps simply because they are older or occur in remote locations, are strip mining of coal in the Powder River Basin of Wyoming, which also leaves large open sores in the land, or deep water drilling, which with Deepwater Horizon oil spill of 2010 showed how damaging it can be to an entire ecosystem. These unconventional fuels and techniques have for the most part higher carbon emissions per unit usable energy both from the more energy intensive process of their extraction and refining as well as accidental emissions of methane, a potent greenhouse gas in fracking for gas.
Those fossil fuel extraction processes that have attracted opposition by social movements have gained energy because of the dramatic destruction or poisoning of various landscapes that have taken place because of these newer, more invasive, more energy-intensive “unconventional” fossil fuel extraction techniques. If we were truly rational beings, we might, at this point in history, be almost as upset about the conventional “easy” forms of fossil fuel extraction and combustion as we are about the fossil fuel industry physically altering the landscape or its viability to get at fossil fuels. It has been difficult to communicate the urgency of the climate crisis via the abstraction of carbon concentrations in the atmosphere, so the visual aids as well as immediate dangers of local toxins from fossil fuel extraction and refining help add urgency.
A Perception Problem
While the destruction of landscapes and the injection of known toxins into drinking water and the ground provide an additional spur to action, there are dangers that the public by observing this movement from afar and through the lens of the mass media will not quite get the problem of the invisible, insensible injection of more carbon into the atmosphere and oceans. These “local” pollutants can easily get filed by the public into a couple of familiar mental categories that will allow people to evade further thinking on this matter:
1) conventional pollution: poisons and impurities which provoke fear and avoidance
2) a mental category “environmentalist”, meaning someone who is perceived as hypersensitive to and exaggerating the dangers of poisons and impurities or can afford to do so because of relative wealth and privilege. Alternatively an environmentalist can sometimes be thought to harbor an unrealistically high standard or vision of a how society should function in relationship to nature, which may in fact be the case with some environmentalists.
3) the focus on the local effects of unconventional fossil fuels can lead to a political focus on “cleaning up” the extraction of fossil fuels rather than stopping their extraction. The call for “best practices” will appeal to “serious” people and obscure the call to end the practices of relying on fossil fuels altogether.
I contend that even members of the climate movement can get caught up in political positions that are indistinguishable from conventional environmental positions when it comes to the toxics produced by the fossil fuel industry that have primarily local effects.
There is then a critical “and” that must be present in the messaging and appeals of the climate movement when confronted with a demand, for instance, for clean up of oil spills or reducing methane leaks from fracking wells, otherwise the message of transitioning off fossil fuels gets lost. The movement may, perhaps gleefully, in accumulating the list of “bads” associated with the target of their protests and actions, not realize that they can be shunted into a narrowed role that doesn't address the climate change that affects everyone. I am active in a group in the Bay Area that is affiliated with 350.org that has among others different groups that are opposed to hydro-fracking as well as to tar sands development and the Keystone XL pipeline. We are currently hammering out a coherent message out of a diverse list of demands for an August 3rd event at the largest Bay Area oil refinery in Richmond, CA Just the complexity of each of these issues and the variety of possible demands that can be raised against them, all of them in some way worthy, may lead to the movement's energy being temporarily sidelined into one or the other “reforms” of fossil fuel extraction techniques.
The “and” is critically important also because it also implicates everybody who uses or enjoys products made with the help of fossil fuels in the massive project of transforming our societies and economies before it is too late. By dwelling on local pollution, the full moral impact of the climate crisis is dampened and directed away from personal engagement in political and economic action.
Furthermore, the technical complexity of some of these issues also presents the possibility that the movement itself becomes too “technical” in its language and approach to the politics to appeal the broad swaths of the population that know somewhere that we need to change our energy system. I have a proposition that this movement should adopt as a conceptual and rhetorical option a still more emotive and simplified language to describe the overall direction of climate activism as regards the rise of unconventional fossil fuel extraction and the opportunity it represents to educate the public.
Desperate Destruction to Feed a Brief “Party”
I am proposing that the climate movement, which will only grow in the future, is in a stage right now where we are a movement “against ripping the face off the earth for a brief fossil fueled party”. The metaphor of “ripping his face off” is most current in our language because of the language of Wall Street traders. In the frat-boy language of securities traders, “ripping his face off” is a boast that they had taken advantage of counterparties in various trades, sometimes in the case of trading divisions attached to investment banks, these counterparties would be clients of the bank that employed these traders. The glee bordering upon psychopathy at humiliating others expressed in this language is worth commenting on in itself but the metaphor seems to resonate in a different way and context to the current strategy of the fossil fuel industry.
Unconventional fossil fuel extraction techniques are almost literally “ripping the face off” the earth to get at the fossil fuel resources that we supposedly “need” for our society to function but that fossil fuel industry wants to ensure that we “need”. Tar sands excavation, more conventional open pit coal mining and unconventional mountain top removal coal mining all fit the “ripping the face off” metaphor perfectly. Fracking is not quite a literal match for this metaphor but the damages to densely populated landscapes used for among other things agriculture of fracking fluid and methane leaks are as damaging as the open sores that various surface mining techniques create. Deep sea oil drilling has very high risks as we have seen with Deepwater Horizon, which poisoned the ecosystems of the gulf
Then what is being expressed by the “ripping the face off” metaphor is a desperate or calculating disregard for the consequences of extracting these oil, gas or coal deposits, something that should be made obvious by the climate movement but isn't..yet. The question that the climate movement should be asking the greater society is the following:
Are we the kind of society that defiles the earth and almost certainly jeopardizes our future in search of a temporary patch to our energy problems?
Or more emotively:
Are we the type of people who rip off the face of our mother/father Earth to have a brief fossil-fueled party?
I don't see the point of soft pedaling the emotional component of what is also a rational, scientific argument for a sustainable energy and land-use policy. Disgust, self-disgust and anger need to lead people to act. The public needs to recognize the mounting desperation of our fossil fueled society and the fossil fuel industry that is leading it down the road to perdition. A simple accounting of tons of carbon or of methane leakage percentages does not entirely capture the stakes involved.
I believe that a unified movement, a concept that should be used to explain why fracking, tar sands development, mountain top removal, and open strip coal mining are of one piece is that it turns us into a species that is driven by temporary wants as opposed to long term objectives and principles. We are all implicated in the techniques that the fossil fuel industry uses.
The question remains: Who wouldn't want to join the Movement Against Ripping of the Face of the Earth?
Coda: Fleeting vs. Semi-Permanent Benefits from Tearing At the Earth
I am not one of those who believe that we will next transition to a primitive or tribal society or that we would want to. There may be some in the climate movement who treasure that thought. They are strict and dogmatic preservationists or Earth Firsters, who are, whether they know it or not, neo primitivists. Many of these people haven't quite thought through their insistence that all of the damages or changes in the land left by humanity should be or could be erased.
I am of the opinion that the next, better economy and civilization we will have will use a fair amount of the earth's resources and will still have substantial impacts on the earth's surface. We will still live in the “Anthropocene” era, where humans profoundly shape though do not necessarily consciously control the earth. To build an economy that uses renewable energy converted to electric energy to do useful work (by far the most likely route), we are going to need copper, iron, rare earth metals, and lithium among other elements to build that economy and civilization. This civilization, however, will of necessity need to work to undo at least some of the worst excesses of our current civilization, including reversing deforestation and of course radically reducing our fossil fuel use as soon as possible.
But the foolishness of our civilization is made obvious by ripping up, using up, and poisoning the productive, protective, and sustaining capacity of the earth to “enjoy” only a brief injection of energy. We need to throttle the forces that push elements in our societies to spur on this quest with only a brief benefit to a very few people within the long chain of human existence. I will in the next essay address the only tools that we have to achieve these goals, tools that have been for the most part overlooked in the brief history of climate change and alternative energy policy.
The Raspberry Pi is an inexpensive lightweight computer designed for teaching programming to school children.
At the moment it is available as a bare-bones processor board, but there are plans for a cased version in future. In the meantime there are some 3rd parties that have created or are in the process of creating cases.
Here is a case of my own which is inexpensive and would be ideal for a young child's bedroom. I've called it the "Raspberry Pirate". Full details of how to create your own are included.
The Raspberry Pirate - Treasure Chest
This is a cardboard case which has been hand-painted. Access is provided to all the ports.
Where to buy
The inspiration for the case came from seeing the basic cardboard box at a Hobbycraft store. I bought the box before I got my Raspberry Pi so I was taking a bit of a gamble that it would fit, but it turned out to be a perfect fit.
The unpainted box is available online: Papier Mache Treasure Chest
Sealing and decorating the case
I first "painted" the box inside and out with a watered down craft glue. This helps to seal the box. I then painted it using children's ready mix paints.
Creating the holes
Once my Raspberry Pi arrived I then cut out the relevant holes starting with the TV out connector (as it would not fit into the box until that was in place).
I found that in most cases the holes needed to be larger than the connectors as the thickness of the edge of the box otherwise prevented the cables from being fully inserted.
In use
It is easier if the SD card is connected before the cables as that helps to line up the Raspberry Pi with the rest of the slots, but the SD card can still be removed and re-inserted after the other cables are in place.
There is a little bit of movement of the Pi when inserting / disconnecting cables, but it seams to work pretty well.
The instructions that came with the Raspberry Pi from Farnell recommend that it is used in a well ventilated area to allow for cooling. You may therefore want to run with the lid open, although I don't know if that is really necessary.
Alternative designs
There are other boxes that may be suitable for the Raspberry Pi. I particularly like the book shape, which is large enough to fit the Raspberry Pi side by side with an Arduino. They also do a Teddy bear or animal shapes which would be good alternatives for a child's bedroom.
The treasure chest works particularly well as all the ports are still accessible allowing cables to be connected and disconnected, without having to go inside the box. With the other designs then I suspect that the cables will need to be left connected to the Raspberry Pi and just run outside of the case.
See the guides and blog posts relating to the Raspberry P
Share this article:
Evangelical Protestants are no longer so outraged over presidential candidates having extramarital affairs, and a new survey finds that President Donald Trump's sex history outside marriage may have something to do with that change in attitude.
As part of a nationwide poll by the Utah-based Deseret News focusing on American attitudes towards sex and cheating, officials found that Evangelical Protestants were no longer quite so ready to oppose candidates who had strayed from their marriage vows.
“One of the most dramatic shifts of opinion on this question (of extramarital cheating) has been among white Evangelical Protestants,” according to poll officials. “In January 2016, 56 percent said they would be less likely to support a candidate who had an extramarital affair. Today that number is 45 percent.”
In fact, “over the past year, Republicans have become much more accepting of affairs among presidential candidates, and Democrats much less so,” poll officials concluded.
“This is likely due to partisan associations with Republican President Donald Trump.”
Trump had a widely known affair with Marla Maples while married to his first wife. He separated from the first wife once the Maples affair became known. Trump and Maples married in December, 1993, two months after she gave birth to a daughter.
That marriage ended and he is now married to his third wife.
Trump was well known for boasting about his sex affairs, and he was criticized during last fall's campaign when recordings were made public of him speaking about “grabbing” a woman's genitals, but using vulgar references to women's body parts.
About 20 years ago, however, members of the GOP weren't quite so accepting when they were incensed when Democratic President Bill Clinton was found to have had sexual relations with a White House intern, even though Clinton was married to Hillary Clinton. President Clinton was impeached in 1998 by the House of Representatives, but he was acquitted by the Senate and served out his full term.
“The poll, which surveyed a representative sample of Americans, is part of the Deseret News' fourth annual Ten Today project, which looks at the relevance of the Ten Commandments in modern life,” according to officials. “Some of the findings of the poll, which includes 1,000 responses from Americans across religious, gender and age groups plus an oversample of 250 Mormons, include:
About three-quarters of Americans believe that having a one-night stand or a consistent sexual affair would count as cheating on a spouse or partner, while roughly 25 percent think it is “sometimes” or “never” cheating. Views are more varied for different acts involving the internet, such as sending sexually explicit text messages (51 percent say this is always cheating), maintaining an online dating profile while in a relationship (63 percent) or following an ex on social media (16 percent). Millennials have stricter views than their elders when it comes to some forms of online cheating. For example, 94 percent of Millennials think having a one-night stand is cheating on your partner, while 78 percent of the Silent Generation thinks so. Across the board, women are more likely than men to classify each of the eleven survey items as cheating. For instance, 70 percent of females think actively maintaining an online dating profile while in a relationship is cheating vs. 55 percent of males.
Religious Americans are more likely to consider actions such as going to a strip club or viewing pornography without your partner to be cheating. Evangelical Christians and especially Mormons consistently take a stricter view than any other religious group as to what constitutes cheating, especially when it comes to watching pornography or going to a strip club without a partner.
“More than three-quarters of Americans believe that having sexual relations with someone other than their partner is ‘always' cheating, but they are less clear on issues such as sending sexually explicit text messages or maintaining an online dating profile while in a relationship, according to a new survey released today examining American attitudes about adultery. “The study, commissioned by the Deseret News, designed by Y2 Analytics and conducted by YouGov, polled Americans about a range of scenarios they consider to be cheating on a partner – from having a one-night stand to viewing online pornography to friending an ex on Facebook. The survey also examined attitudes about public figures – specifically, whether a presidential candidate's extramarital affair would influence the respondent's decision to vote for that candidate – and how couples behave toward each other. “The poll, which surveyed a representative sample of Americans, is part of the Deseret News' fourth annual Ten Today project, which looks at the relevance of the Ten Commandments in modern life. Some of the findings of the poll, which includes 1,000 responses from Americans across religious, gender and age groups plus an oversample of 250 Mormons, include: About three-quarters of Americans believe that having a one-night stand or a consistent sexual affair would count as cheating on a spouse or partner, while roughly 25 percent think it is “sometimes” or “never” cheating. Views are more varied for different acts involving the internet, such as sending sexually explicit text messages (51 percent say this is always cheating), maintaining an online dating profile while in a relationship (63 percent) or following an ex on social media (16 percent). Millennials have stricter views than their elders when it comes to some forms of online cheating. For example, 94 percent of Millennials think having a one-night stand is cheating on your partner, while 78 percent of the Silent Generation thinks so. Across the board, women are more likely than men to classify each of the eleven survey items as cheating. For instance, 70 percent of females think actively maintaining an online dating profile while in a relationship is cheating vs. 55 percent of males.
Religious Americans are more likely to consider actions such as going to a strip club or viewing pornography without your partner to be cheating. Evangelical Christians and especially Mormons consistently take a stricter view than any other religious group as to what constitutes cheating, especially when it comes to watching pornography or going to a strip club without a partner.
Over the past year, Republicans have become much more accepting of affairs among presidential candidates, and Democrats much less so. This is likely due to partisan associations with Republican President Donald Trump . One of the most dramatic shifts of opinion on this question has been among white Evangelical Protestants. In January 2016 , 56 percent said they would be less likely to support a candidate who had an extramarital affair. Today that number is 45 percent.
. Younger couples are the most likely to have sex on a regular basis, but a majority of couples of all ages consistently go out of their way to do small acts of kindness for one another, such as making coffee or putting gas in the car. “YouGov interviewed 1,832 respondents who were then matched down to a sample of 1,000 nationally representative interviews plus an additional 250 self-identified Mormons to produce the final dataset. The respondents were matched to a sampling frame on gender, age, race, education, party identification, ideology, and political interest. The frame was constructed by stratified sampling from the full 2010 American Community Survey (ACS) sample with selection within strata by weighted sampling with replacements (using the person weights on the public use file). Data on voter registration status and turnout were matched to this frame using the November 2010 Current Population Survey. “Data on party identification were then matched to this frame from the 2007 Pew Religious Landscape Survey. The matched cases were weighted to the sampling frame using propensity scores. The matched cases and the frame were combined and a logistic regression was estimated for inclusion in the frame. The propensity score function included age, gender, race/ethnicity, years of education, and ideology. The propensity scores were grouped into deciles of the estimated propensity score in the frame and post-stratified according to these deciles. The margin of error is +-3.1. “To see more results from the poll or download a PDF of the report, visit http://www.deseretnews.com/tentoday. “Founded in 1850, the Deseret News (www.deseretnews.com) offers news, analysis and commentary for family-oriented audiences across the country. The award-winning writers at the Deseret News keep their growing readership informed with real-world solutions that can make a positive difference in families and communities. The Deseret News is the first news organization and longest continuously-operating business in the state of Utah.”
Sex romps by President Trump: GOP, Evangelicals say maybe affairs aren't so bad was last modified: by
>> Want to read more stories like this? Get our Free Daily Newsletters Here!
Follow us:
Keeping spirits up
I'd like to introduce you to my shop by letting you know that all of the materials that I use are from local (Philadelphia) small businesses and independent retailers or are recycled, rescued, or found. For example, some of the yarn in my wrapped beer bottles was rescued when a fellow teacher was going to throw it out while cleaning her supply closet. The maroon and black fold over clutch is made from upholstery fabric from an old fabric shop that has since closed (not sure if it was going out of business or a retirement).
I got started crafting so many years ago, it's hard to describe the roots of my shop. More recently, I have been unemployed and turned to jewelry making and sewing to stay busy. My shop is just a way to share what I make with a wider audience (of course, getting all of these projects out of my home and into yours is a main motivation behind the shop as well).
My prices are low because I just want to make up some of the funds that go to the raw materials that I use to keep my spirits up while looking for a teaching position. I would be a Spanish teacher, which is part of the explanation behind my shop's name. "Alguna Cosa" is Spanish for "some thing," and I chose that phrase because of the variation in the items I make and sell.
A STUDENT from York whose false rape claim led to an innocent man being arrested and held for nine hours walked free from court yesterday.
Hannah Byron, 20, was told by a judge at Teesside Crown Court that she had avoided prison “by a short whisker”.
Byron claimed she had been raped after she had been seen flirting outside The Keys in Yarm during a night out in March last year.
She said the man had attacked her on a bridge, thrown money at her to get a taxi home and gave police a description of him.
A suspect was detained and interrogated but provided police with evidence to show he had not raped the psychology student.
The court heard that Byron, then studying at the University of Teesside, was trying to win back a former boyfriend with the claim.
Her barrister, Brian Russell, described it as “very foolish behaviour” and urged the judge to depart from the usual punishment of prison.
After the case, PC James Emery, of Cleveland Police, said the innocent victim of the defendant's claims had been put through an enormous amount of stress through being arrested and questioned over false claims, and said: “That victim is relieved that these matters are now at an end.”
He added: “Such allegations are a drain on police resources and put further unnecessary pressures on the police's ability to respond to the community's needs.
“Not only this, there is a further concern that genuine victims of sexual assaults might be put off from approaching the police.”
Mr Russell said once Byron had told her ex-boyfriend of the alleged attack, it snowballed and she could not back out of it.
Byron, of Eldon Street, York, admitted doing an act tending or intended to pervert the course of justice when she was about to go on trial in March.
Judge George Moorhouse told her yesterday: “People who make false complaints do so at their peril.”
He accepted Byron was seeking attention to make her former boyfriend jealous and said she showed genuine remorse. She was given a 12-month prison sentence, suspended for two years, with supervision and 150 hours of unpaid community work.
Ready to fight back? Sign up for Take Action Now and get three actions in your inbox every week. You will receive occasional promotional offers for programs that support The Nation's journalism. You can read our Privacy Policy here. Sign up for Take Action Now and get three actions in your inbox every week.
Thank you for signing up. For more from The Nation, check out our latest issue
Subscribe now for as little as $2 a month!
Support Progressive Journalism The Nation is reader supported: Chip in $10 or more to help us continue to write about the issues that matter. The Nation is reader supported: Chip in $10 or more to help us continue to write about the issues that matter.
Fight Back! Sign up for Take Action Now and we'll send you three meaningful actions you can take each week. You will receive occasional promotional offers for programs that support The Nation's journalism. You can read our Privacy Policy here. Sign up for Take Action Now and we'll send you three meaningful actions you can take each week.
Thank you for signing up. For more from The Nation, check out our latest issue
Travel With The Nation Be the first to hear about Nation Travels destinations, and explore the world with kindred spirits. Be the first to hear about Nation Travels destinations, and explore the world with kindred spirits.
Sign up for our Wine Club today. Did you know you can support The Nation by drinking wine?
It's been five days since the conflagration at the Nevada State Democratic Convention, and the embers are still burning. Much of it has singed Senator Bernie Sanders. The intimidation of speakers and the misogynist death threats against party chair Roberta Lange have led to a wave of critical pieces by Bernie supporters—some of them now former Bernie supporters. Sanders's loyal CNN backer Sally Kohn wrote in Time: “I Felt the Bern But the Bros Are Extinguishing the Flames.” Esquire's Charles Pierce, who voted for Sanders, weighed in Tuesday: “It's Time for Bernie's People to Calm Down.” Sanders supporter Harold Meyerson now insists, “The Bros Are Undermining Bernie.” Ad Policy
In the pages of the Sanders fanzine Salon (for which I used to work), at least two Bernie supporters have written that it's over: For them, the mayhem in Las Vegas has doused the burn. Even on Sanders-friendly Reddit, former Berners were leaving the fold. Much of the media has reacted with shock to the Nevada chaos, and Sanders surrogates have faced tougher grilling on cable news than they have for the entire campaign.
But the Sanders camp is defiant, with the senator himself condemning the threats and reports of violence, but—and you never add “but” to a sentence that's condemning threatening behavior—insisting party leaders had it coming, because convention rules were less than fair or “transparent.” Sanders has continued to rip the Democratic Party for unfairness, and his supporters are now telling reporters there will be trouble at the convention in Philadelphia over the “rigged” primary process.
“When you lose a fair fight, then you're sad and disappointed. When you lose a rigged fight, then you're angry and you hit the streets,” Charles Chamberlain, the executive director of the liberal group Democracy for America, told MSNBC. He predicted “disruption” in Philadelphia, and then he went off a cliff: “I think a little bit of disruption is exciting. That's democracy,” Chamberlain said. “The reality is without that, all you have is boring parliamentary procedure and everyone falls asleep. So I think it's exciting and it's actually healthy.” “Disrupting” a party convention because parliamentary procedure is “boring” seems the height of entitlement.
Let me stipulate that the “Democratic establishment” isn't blameless in this mess. I understand the anger and even fear of Nevada Democrats, but the local party's letter to the DNC charging that there's “a penchant for violence” in the Sanders campaign was histrionic and only escalated the conflict. I get it: After Clinton supporters were forced to walk a gauntlet of shame in East Los Angeles, screamed at by angry Sandernistas with bullhorns who even bullied children; after protesters crowded Clinton's car on the way to a fundraiser; and now, after Nevada, there is growing concern about an apparent mob mentality that can cross the line into physical harassment, if not violence. But describing “a penchant for violence” is unfair to the many millions of peaceful, respectful Sanders supporters.
With hindsight, I wish chair Roberta Lange had used her discretion to call for roll-call votes on the contested issues—although it's common in meetings like that for a chair to use her judgment in evaluating a voice vote, when one side clearly has the edge in numbers, but is out-shouted by the smaller contingent. And once again, Democratic National Committee chair Debbie Wasserman Schultz escalated a conflict that she should have worked to defuse. Repeatedly accused of unfairness by the Sanders campaign—not always with clear evidence—she has time and again replied harshly and defensively to her critics. When the Sanders campaign sued the DNC in December for briefly locking it out of a party voter file—because Sanders staffers, who were quickly fired, tried to steal private Clinton voter data during a security breach—Wasserman Schultz took the lead in defending herself. Even Governor Howard Dean, a former DNC chair who normally defends his successor in public, suggested she should have left the defense to surrogates and waited for the results of the DNC's own investigation. LIKE THIS? GET MORE OF OUR BEST ANALYSIS AND REPORTING
The Nevada conflict is even more incendiary, and frankly dangerous to her party. Wasserman Schultz is not helping her friend Hillary Clinton with her attacks on Sanders. Just the appearance of fairness can go a long way in assuaging worries about fairness. Wasserman Schultz's defiant rebuke to the Sanders camp has made it worse.
We've also seen some real injustice along the way to the nomination: more than 100,000 voters wrongly purged in Brooklyn; polling places shut down in Phoenix, Arizona. But both were the work of local election officials—and in Phoenix, a Republican—not the national party. Other Sanders complaints are specious: You don't have to like closed primaries, but they were established long before Sanders came along, and acting like they “disenfranchise” his independent or non-aligned voters is an insult to the mostly African-American and poor people who are truly disenfranchised in this country. Still, several states, including New York, make it ridiculously hard to change your registration and become a Democrat. There's plenty of room for reform to make the party more inclusive.
All of that said: The Sanders campaign has less than a leg to stand on in its Nevada protests. Politifact “fact-checked” campaign manager Jeff Weaver's claim that the state party “hijacked the process on the floor” of the convention “ignoring the regular procedure and ramming through what they wanted to do.” After an exhaustive examination of the long day of skirmishes, it found Weaver's claim to be “false.”
The defections of some supporters, the increased skepticism of even once-friendly cable hosts, and a rebuke by Politifact isn't fatal to Sanders's campaign, of course. What will be fatal to Sanders's future as a mass-movement leader—as opposed to the messiah of an angry, heavily white, and male cult—is his continued insistence that his enemy now is not so much the corporate overlords, or income inequality, or the big banks, but a corrupt Democratic Party, epitomized by Wall Street flunkie Hillary Clinton, that has “rigged” the election to thwart him—as he raged in a tone-deaf speech Tuesday night, as cable news was showing the texted death threats to Roberta Lange in the background (which Sanders did not even mention).
“The Democratic Party is going to have to make a very, very profound and important decision. It can do the right thing and open its doors and welcome into the party people who are prepared to fight for real economic and social change,” he said, as the crowd roared, “Bernie or bust!” The alternative, he said, is “to choose to retain its status quo structure, remain dependent on big money campaign contributions and be a party with limited participation and limited energy.” His attacks on the Democratic Party got even louder cheers even than his hits at Clinton—the kind of applause that once rang out for breaking up the big banks or ending the scourge of student debt.
And in Thursday's New York Times, Sanders campaign leaders and their supporters said they plan to escalate their attacks on Clinton and the party. Top strategist Tad Devine insisted he's “not thinking about” whether the attacks will hurt Clinton in her battle against Trump; they will do what they can to run up his delegate count, especially in California.
Though Sanders supporter Charlie Pierce wondered why the campaign would make such a ruckus over only a few delegates in Nevada, I'm starting to believe that the point wasn't the actual delegates—he trails her by about 280 at this point—but creating the appearance of a rigged system. Sanders himself entered the land of either fantasy or prevarication Thursday when he thanked supporters Thursday for a “victory” in Kentucky—even though he lost narrowly there to Clinton. The campaign said it was pondering a recount and would decide on Wednesday, but there's still no word on that. Some of his backers have been alleging “fraud” in Kentucky, with absolute no evidence.
This is starting to get delusional, and dangerous to the American movement for social justice.
First of all, I don't accept the presumption of moral and ideological superiority from a coalition that is dominated by white men, trying to overturn the will of black, brown, and female voters or somehow deem it fraudulent. There's a growing element of male entitlement in the Sanders “movement” that supporter Sally Kohn articulates well:
It's also too easy to suggest that Sanders' supporters are a different kind of angry than Trump's. Are we entirely sure about that? The populist right may be more inclined toward misogyny and xenophobia, but the populist left is not immune from these afflictions. And as I've written before, when you see progressive white men—many of whom enthusiastically supported Barack Obama's candidacy—hate Clinton with every fiber of their being despite the fact that she's a carbon copy of Obama's ideology (or in fact now running slightly to his left), it's hard to find any other explanation than sexism. Either way, the brutish, boorish behavior of Bernie Bros (and their female compatriots, too) was a huge reason I was reluctant to seemingly side with them in endorsing Sanders—and has been the only reason I have ever questioned my decision to do so since.
I understand Sanders's desire to amass the largest number of delegates at the convention, in order to be able to push the party left. There may well be worthy platform fights and political reforms to advance there. He'd like a major prime-time speaking role, which I always thought was a no-brainer (though his anti-party broadsides over the last few days have made me wonder if he's putting that obvious sign of respect in jeopardy).
If you'd told me a year ago that we'd go into Philadelphia with 45 percent of the delegates committed to a socialist, as a firm flank on the left, backed by the many millions of Clinton supporters like myself who also identify with the left, I'd have said we were on the verge of transforming the party into a vehicle for racial and economic justice. Now I'm afraid of what's coming. If Sanders wants to destroy the party instead of change it, if he wants to demonize progressives like Barney Frank and Connecticut Governor Dannel Malloy (Devine has suggested he wants them removed from leadership roles because they endorsed Clinton), if he wants to turn the first female presidential nominee into a corrupt caricature of herself, a cross between Carly Fiorina and Marie Antoinette, then Philadelphia will be a disaster. For the party, and for Sanders too. He thinks he's the only one who can defeat Donald Trump. But in fact, he's the only one who can elect him, by tearing the party apart.
CNN contributor and former NFL receiver Donté Stallworth said Saturday the NFL kneeling protests are also about the "gender pay gap" and "housing discrimination" in addition to police brutality toward minorities and racism.
The former Saints and Eagles star said during an interview on CNN with anchor Ana Cabrera that, "The No. 1 stated goal was to bring awareness to a lot of these issues and again, it's a broad spectrum of issues. Again, it's not just police brutality and community policing.
"It's also, again from what I'm hearing from players directly involved in these talks, they're telling me it's also about the gender pay gap, it's also about housing discrimination, they have so many things that they are interested in and advocating for and they want the NFL to take ownership in and help be able to use the NFL's platform," Stallworth added.
The commentary comes as the protest controversy received less attention than previous weeks as fewer players kneeled before Sunday's games.
Seven players, for example, kneeled before the San Francisco 49ers game against the Redskins in Washington, just one week after more than a dozen knelt before for a contest against the Indianapolis Colts, prompting Vice President Pence to exit the game shortly thereafter.
Stallworth was signed by CNN as a contributor this year. In addition to television work, Stallworth regularly speaks to NFL rookies on the dangers of drunk driving.
He served a 30-day jail sentence after pleading guilty in 2009 to DUI manslaughter after he struck and killed a pedestrian crossing a highway while driving drunk in Florida.
A meeting is scheduled for later this week between NFL executives, owners and the NFL Players Association union to discuss the protests, marking the third time the three entities have met to discuss the issue.
Ratings are down for the NFL this season by more than 7 percent compared to last season and down more than 18 percent when compared to 2015.
CLOSE When Google debuted a Pokémon ad on April Fools' Day, we thought it was just a joke. We might've been wrong. Video provided by Newsy Newslook
On its one year anniversary, Pokémon Go is no longer a craze -- but it's still one of the top mobile games by monthly users. (Photo11: Trevor Hughes, USA TODAY)
A battle may be looming between some Pokémon Go users and the Westboro Baptist Church.
The new augmented reality game, which connects to a user's phone GPS, sent fans wandering to their local parks, historical landmarks and churches — including the Westboro Baptist Church. As people across the country devoted their weekends to catching Pokémon, one user noticed that the church, known for its opposition to the LGBT movement, was listed as a gym on Pokémon Go.
So that user claimed it, using a Pokémon named Clefairy. Its nickname is "LoveIsLove."
The Westboro Baptist Church Gym is currently controlled by a Clefairy named LOVEISLOVE . ICONIC. I LOVE IT. pic.twitter.com/y4RRv5nXxT — // Venny // (@DarthVenn) July 10, 2016
“@CGBPosts: Westboro Baptist Church Gym is controlled by a Clefairy named LOVEISLOVE.” Not for long!! #PokemonGOpic.twitter.com/f1hWF7toz6 — WBCSigns (@WBCsigns) July 10, 2016
Pokémon Go fans troll Westboro Baptist Church with LoveIsLove Clefairy https://t.co/fNsW657gbZ — mark alchin (@alch_bass) July 10, 2016
The Westboro Baptist Church is fighting back, using one of the most commonly known Pokémon: Jigglypuff.
@stephmsolis We recruited Jigglypuff to deal with the sodomite loveislove Clefairy for us: https://t.co/HyQvNAx90A — Westboro Baptist (@WBCSaysRepent) July 11, 2016
"We try to speak whatever language is being spoken," said Steve Drain, an elder at the church.
Drain considers Pokémon Go light entertainment that some might idolize over religion, but the way he sees it, if the church can get its message across using a pink animated creature from the game, why not? "Pokémon Go and sin no more. That's what the lord Jesus Christ said," he added.
The church has gotten a mix of responses on social media, from those expressing support and criticizing it. One person challenged the group to a Pokémon battle.
"This little church, as despised and vilified as we are, the location of this church will be memorialized throughout eternity," Drain said. "We're willing by God's grace to say that homosexuality is wrong, and that's what we've been known for, even though we preach the whole counsel of God."
It was unclear at press time whether a Pokémon battle has ensued between the Clefairy and Jigglypuff.
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/29u0LKy
When workers at Walmart tried to unionize two years ago, company executives turned to a defense contractor and the FBI to keep track of labor organizers and supporters.
Using documents obtained from the National Labor Relations Board (NLRB), Bloomberg Businessweek reported the retail giant launched a surveillance campaign targeting OUR Walmart, which organized protests in 2013 against the company.
Walmart leadership was so concerned about the union activity that “it hired an intelligence-gathering service from Lockheed Martin, contacted the FBI, staffed up its labor hotline, ranked stores by labor activity, and kept eyes on employees (and activists) prominent in the group” Susan Berfield reported for Bloomberg Businessweek.
“We are fighting for all workers to be paid a fair wage and enough hours to put food on the table and provide for our families,” Mary Pat Tifft, a Wisconsin Walmart employee of 27 years, said, according to Common Dreams. “To think that Walmart found us such a threat that they would hire a defense contractor and engage the FBI is a mind-blowing abuse of power.”
The media investigation into Walmart revealed that inside its global security operation is an Analytical Research Center (ARC), led by a former FBI officer, Ken Senser. And overseeing ARC is an executive, Steve Dozier, who used to run the Arkansas State Police. Walmart is headquartered in Bentonville, Arkansas.
ARC also took action the year before in 2012 when labor activists talked about organizing strikes on Black Friday that year, which could have hurt sales on one of the biggest shopping days of the year. “When we received word of potential strikes and disruptive activity on Black Friday 2012, that's when we started to ask the ARC to work with us,” Karen Casey, who was in charge of Walmart's U.S. labor relations, told the NLRB. “ARC had contracted with Lockheed leading up to Black Friday to help source open social media sites.”
Additionally, a Lockheed analyst, Christian Blandford, monitored the social media of activists in Bentonville before Walmart's shareholder meeting two years ago.
-Noel Brinkerhoff
To Learn More:
How Walmart Keeps an Eye on Its Massive Workforce (by Susan Berfield, Bloomberg)
‘Mind-Blowing Abuse of Power': Walmart Spied on Workers with FBI, Lockheed Martin's Help (by Nadia Prupis, Common Dreams)
Labor Board Charges Wal-Mart with Illegally Firing and Punishing Employees (by Noel Brinkerhoff, AllGov)
Largest Dutch Pension Fund Pulls Investments in Walmart over Poor Labor Practices (by Noel Brinkerhoff and David Wallechinsky, AllGov)
This 1964 Pontiac GTO (chassis 842P87805) features a suspected non-running but claimed numbers matching 389 “Tri-Power” V8 with 3x2bbl carbs and 4-speed transmission. Offered as a project, the GTO is said to have been sitting untouched for years and is further described as rusty but restorable and appears complete apart from several various missing parts. Additionally, PHS documentation and original sale paperwork is included. Find it here on eBay in Rutledge, Tennessee with no reserve. Special thanks to BaT reader Bruce C. for this submission.
Surface corrosion seems to have affected every available panel on the car inside and out, while more serious through rust appears in lower front and rear quarters as well as front floors and rear cowl. Unfortunately, inside trunk and underside views aren't available. Despite the rust, body and trim both look to be free of any major dents.
Looking inside, condition doesn't get much better with torn seat upholstery, cracked wheel, rusted floors, and missing carpet and door cards. Surprisingly the dash appears unmolested and crack-free.
Although described as not running, the seller admits no attempt to start the engine which has been sitting for years, so it's true condition is unknown. Along with the 389, the M20 4-speed, Tri-power carbs and intake, and 3.55 Saf-T-Track rear end are also matching numbers units. Air cleaners, radiator cap, and battery are among obvious missing items.
Not that it matters in this condition, but paint is possibly original as the body tag and Pontiac Historical Society paperwork translates Nocturne blue as the factory color. Assembled at the Pontiac, Michigan plant, the build date translates to the third week of December 1963.
Definitely the worst spot on the car is the left rear fender, which appears to be dented or cut toward the wheel well, in addition to the large area of through-rust.
Provided bidding stays low enough, restoration shouldn't be too far out of reach, but this one will need quite a bit of work before returning to even driver level.
By: Emily Drooby
Roger Stone, a longtime friend of President Trump, has admitted he was in private communication with the Kremlin-connected hackers behind the DNC email leak last year.
In a statement, Stone, who also previously served as a campaign advisor for Trump, confirmed he used direct Twitter messages to speak with Guccifer 2.0 this past summer.
Guccifer 2.0 is believed to be a persona that Russian spy agencies created with the purpose of helping Trump win the presidency.
5 PHOTOS President Trump's Twitter response to 'fake' Russia reports See Gallery President Trump's Twitter response to 'fake' Russia reports FAKE NEWS - A TOTAL POLITICAL WITCH HUNT! Russia just said the unverified report paid for by political opponents is "A COMPLETE AND TOTAL FABRICATION, UTTER NONSENSE." Very unfair! Russia has never tried to use leverage over me. I HAVE NOTHING TO DO WITH RUSSIA - NO DEALS, NO LOANS, NO NOTHING! I win an election easily, a great "movement" is verified, and crooked opponents try to belittle our victory with FAKE NEWS. A sorry state! Intelligence agencies should never have allowed this fake news to "leak" into the public. One last shot at me.Are we living in Nazi Germany? Up Next See Gallery Discover More Like This HIDE CAPTION SHOW CAPTION of SEE ALL BACK TO SLIDE
Stone also shared screen grabs of the direct message with the alias. However as stone puts it - this doesn't mean he collaborated with them, saying ... "any such 'collaboration' would've also involved a time machine"He went on to add, "To reiterate, I myself had no contacts or communications with the Russian State, Russian Intelligence or anyone fronts for them or acting as intermediaries for them. "The NY Daily News reports the FBI is investigating Stone for his possible ties to Russia.
More from :
Top Republican advises Americans to spend on healthcare 'instead of getting that new iPhone that they just love'
Khizr Khan won't verify that his travel privileges are 'under review'
Top Trump advisers defend wiretap claims by saying he 'has information and intelligence that the rest of us do not'
It was said that there were Pokémon more powerful than the legendary Old Gods. Ones so powerful that they were able to imprison the Old Gods, or even to kill them.
The legends were true, as was revealed to the people of Kalos many years ago. When the great Arceus appeared, and took with it the Voices following the destruction of Team Flare.
The Voices lived in a place of peace, and constant battling, for many years. Becoming complacent with their new gambling and team battling ways. But the World did not stop for the Voices stay with Arceus....
It was a meeting of the most powerful trio of Pokémon in the Universe. Arceus, the Creator of All, Zygarde, the Watcher of All, and Jirachi, the Wish Granter.
“Hoenn is falling into complete disarray,” Zygarde remarked angerly, “Something must be done before Randomization sets in!”
“Even if Randomization does set in, we cannot risk revealing ourselves to its effects. If it becomes too dangerous, I will send the Voices to handle it,” Arceus said calmingly.
“Lord Arceus, you haven't heard the people of Hoenn like I have. They are also afraid of this, they fear the return of Team Magma and Aqua,” Jirachi interjected.
“If they keep up their activities, there may not be a Hoenn for them to fight over much longer,” Zygarde said morbidly, “They are the root cause of this new Randomization.”
“They may be the cause of the Randomization, but as you say they will not succeed until Randomization has taken hold. So there is no reason to intervene until Randomization has, that is enough about Hoenn. Return when the Randomization has set in,” Arceus ordered, and then said no more.
After a pregnant pause, Zygarde and Jirachi both left, though soon had met up again far from Arceus' ears. “I have to go down there,” Zygarde announced, “I can't sit by while Hoenn is torn apart by Randomization. Not after it's ripped through Kanto and Johto already.”
“Arceus is never going to let you go, he'd sooner send the Voices to do our work for us.”
“Well I'm not about to just wait for this Randomization to set in. Jirachi, I need you to come with me if I'm to go to Hoenn. I know you have duties there, same as I, and we will both be safer watching one another's back.”
“I'll go, but I don't want to have to explain this to Arceus.”
“You won't have to, I'll be in and out, and we can just tell Arceus that Magma and Aqua disbanded.”
--------------------------------------------------
Zygarde and Jirachi landed high atop a tower in the Hoenn region. The Sky Pillar was what Humans called it. Long had it been used to commune with Rayquaza by those seeking the Old God's aid. It was one of the few Old Gods not killed or imprisoned, as Rayquaza cared little for the squabbles of Humans and Pokémon, content to roam the skies until called.
“Here we are,” Jirachi said happily, “Hoenn, Human World. Quite different from Kalos, wouldn't you say?”
“Perhaps not different enough,” Zygarde remarked as a Fletchling flew past, “It's as I feared, Randomization is already setting in. Just not enough to be noticed from afar.”
“We should go back right now and tell Arceus, so he can send the Voices!”
“No, Jirachi, not yet. I want to know more yet, to see how long this region has left,” Zygarde said as he carefully walked toward the edge of the tower's roof.
“Be careful, Zygarde, it's a long fall from up here. If you don't land in the water I doubt even you would live.”
Zygarde looked perilously over the edge, “The waters seem choppier than usual. The currents are disturbed, no doubt the work of those Team Aqua fools. What do they think they'll accomplish by stirring up the currents?”
“The likely hope to stir up the waves, perhaps flood Sootopolis this wa--” Jirachi began before something cut him off. There was a thud, and then the sound of feet landing on the tower.
“Arceus, there's something you need to know about Hoenn,” Zygarde began, “It's already being randomized, this is worse than we thought.”
“I know,” a Voice said. But this Voice was not the calming tones of Arceus, it was sinister.... twisted. Turning around, Zygarde was met with a twisting pair of tentacles.
“Deoxys, it's you!”
“Yes, I've returned. And it's time for True Chaos to reign over Hoenn.” Then with a burst of Psychic energy he pushed Zygarde closer to the cliffs, taunting “The age of Arceus is over, long live the Old Gods.”
And with another blast, Zygarde was knocked back, and over the edge...
--------------------------------------------------
When Jirachi woke up, the tower was silent. Not a sign of Zygarde, nor of Deoxys.
“Ugh.... how long was I out for....” Jirachi managed to say after a time, before suddenly being jolted upright, “Zygarde!” The little Star buzzed about the tower, looking desperately for his companion. “Don't be dead, Zygarde. Don't be dead. It wasn't supposed to go down this way...”
And then he found it. A coiled up green mass, tucked between a mountain and the tower.
“No...” Jirachi began as he immediately bolted to where this mass was. It was clearly Zygarde, the hexagonal pattern revealed as much. “No..... Zygarde....”
Do-it-yourself parking bans in Malibu
The California Coastal Commission fights a losing battle against homeowners who post illegal 'No Parking' signs. Some look so official that even authorities are misled.
Or the one near Corral Canyon Road that declares "No Parking Entire Block" from the top of a shaky wooden pole, a tipoff that it could be fake.
Take the bent metal sign propped up against a chain-link fence at Latigo Shore Drive, whose faded red lettering screams: "NO PARKING ANY TIME TOW AWAY."
"Almost guaranteed it's not a legitimate sign," says Veesart, a baseball cap pushed back on his head as he steers his rust-spotted Jeep down the highway. Veesart has a skilled eye for spotting suspicious "No Parking" signs.
Most drivers roar right by the red and white signs on Pacific Coast Highway in Malibu, but Pat Veesart slows down and calls them out one by one.
"That's an illegal sign," he says, zeroing in on another as he drives up the highway that hugs more than 20 miles of the nation's most desired coastline. "These are probably illegal signs," he adds, his tone veering into aggravation as he points to still more. "Why shouldn't someone be able to park there?"
Veesart is an enforcement supervisor for the California Coastal Commission, one of a handful who have the sometimes impossible job of making sure people can find their way to public beaches.
In beach towns like Malibu, where wealthy homeowners have gone to lengths to block visitors from the majestic shoreline with security guards and locked gates, the toughest thing about spending a day on the sand can be finding a parking spot.
And at times, it's the bogus "No Parking" sign that stands in the way.
The warnings are so prevalent and often so convincing that parking next to a fake sign can get you a real ticket. Even when residents are told to take the signs down, they quickly come back.
"It's like whack-a-mole: you get rid of one and another pops up again," Veesart says. "Anybody can go down to Home Depot and buy a 'No Parking' sign and a 4-foot wooden post, and often it's difficult to tell which ones are legitimate and which ones are not."
The hot spots for phony signs are where the priciest real estate meets the most desirable surf and sand.
"Those are the areas where systemically we have this problem," said Lisa Tent, the senior code enforcement officer in Malibu who has sent pointed letters to homeowners who live near Lechuza Beach, ordering them to remove the signs in front of their homes. Many cooperate, but not always for long.
Malibu is not the only beach town where residents have taken the law into their own hands.
Dozens of fake "No Parking" signs, for instance, have turned up in a neighborhood at Pleasure Point in Santa Cruz, a world-renowned destination for surfers. The Coastal Commission has ordered homeowners to take them down. Another group of Santa Cruz homeowners is accused of painting stripes and "Private Parking" on the end of their beachfront street and putting out boulders to ward off visitors.
Earlier this year city crews in Ventura removed a thicket of "No Parking or Stopping" signs posted by a private campground operator near Emma Wood State Beach.
Residents who live along the famed canals of Venice Beach have been ordered to remove bulky landscaping, "No Parking" signs, posts and chains that for years have blocked public parking spots, to no avail.
But Malibu appears to be king when it comes to fake "No Parking" signs. Although Caltrans crews have removed fewer than 10 from Pacific Coast Highway in the last two years, coastal officials estimate that there could be hundreds more on the city's smaller beachfront streets.
Starbucks Order Gives Ohio Mug Maker A Jolt
Enlarge this image toggle caption Amanda Rabinowitz/WKSU Amanda Rabinowitz/WKSU
For decades, when you slid into a booth at a diner or a local coffee shop, the waitress probably arrived with a standard-issue, off-white mug. More than likely that mug came from the Ohio River town of East Liverpool, which calls itself "The Pottery Capital of the Nation."
A lot of that city's pottery business is long gone. Now, one of the few remaining pottery factories in the battered town is pinning its survival on a major corporation.
To step inside American Mug and Stein in East Liverpool is to step into another era.
About 20 employees dressed in dust-covered aprons are here in a hot, dark plant under bare overhead light bulbs and swirling metal fans. They're pouring clay into heavy molds, smoothing the mugs' edges and dipping them in glaze. There's no automated assembly line or high-tech machinery here.
Owner Clyde McClellan is firing up one of the company's 30-year-old kilns.
"It's a dinosaur. It's beyond an antique," he says and laughs.
Just Weeks From Shutting Down
McClellan's ceramics company is one of the last in East Liverpool, located in Appalachia. He has been in the pottery business for 40 years and took over this company three years ago when it was just weeks from shutting down.
"I've been so close to going out of business so many times, my accountant ... he just doesn't know where to send the bill sometimes," McClellan says jokingly.
McClellan just completed his biggest order ever — 20,000 mugs for Starbucks. The sturdy, beige mugs are metal-stamped with the coffee giant's Indivisible brand on the front. They'll sell for $10 each.
Ulrich Honighausen owns Hausenware, the company that supplies the mugs, tumblers and other items that Starbucks sells. Generally, Honighausen sends his manufacturing work overseas.
But he wanted to design a product that could be made in America. "When these small towns and these small factories are supported by a large customer that believes in it, we can make it happen, we can bring it back," he says.
At McClellan's pottery factory, it takes one week to make each mug from start to finish, and the company was able to complete the huge Starbucks order in about six weeks. An overseas factory could produce twice as many in the same time. But McClellan says Starbucks was patient.
"They've come out, they spent time in my factory, they've listened. And that has made me really proud to do a good job for them," he says.
Doubling His Workforce
McClellan doubled his workforce for the job and so far has been able to keep them all employed — churning out a few thousand mugs a month in a continuing contract with Starbucks.
"It's life-changing for me," he says. "It's life-changing for the employees. I have employees here who have been unemployed for six months, a year, a year and a half."
Smoothing the edges of the mugs after they come out of the molds, Marcie Delauder says with hardly any jobs in town, she's relieved to have this one. Having the order from a big company like Starbucks, she says, makes "a big difference."
This partnership is one of several Starbucks initiatives launched in the past year, including creating a small-business loan fund through the sale of wristbands in its stores.
Building Customer Loyalty
It's an increasingly popular concept, says David Hessekiel, president of the Cause Marketing Forum. "People will be more loyal customers if they are aware of good works by a company if price and quality are roughly equal," he says.
Starbucks CEO Howard Schultz says the contract with American Mug and Stein is only the beginning.
"There are hundreds of East Liverpools around the country today," he says. "These towns have been left for dead. And even though it's more expensive to manufacture this mug in the U.S. than it would be in China or Korea or Mexico, this is what we need to do."
But McClellan says towns like his can't live only in the past. That's why he and a couple of partners just bought a shuttered pottery factory across town to outfit it with the newest equipment. Meanwhile, the original factory will continue to make mugs the old-fashioned way — by hand.
Plants Latest: Park Service to cull part of Grand Canyon's bison herd The burgeoning North Rim population threatens vegetation, water and cultural sites.
BACKSTORY
In 2003, drought drove a herd of bison into Grand Canyon National Park from the adjacent Kaibab National Forest, where they had been imported in the 1930s to crossbreed with cattle. State-permitted hunts kept the herd under 200, but as its usual range dried up, the huge animals sought greener pastures on the North Rim, wallowing in riparian areas and damaging archaeological sites. Park managers, worried about impacts to land and visitors, sought to remove the unwanted herd (“Bison arrive in Grand Canyon uninvited”, HCN, 4/28/03).
FOLLOWUP
In September, the National Park Service announced that over the next three to five years, it would cull the North Rim herd, now about 600 animals, to fewer than 200. The agency plans to round up some bison and ship them to tribes and cooperating agencies. Skilled volunteer shooters, chosen by lottery, will hunt the rest. Without culling, biologists say, herd numbers could hit 1,500 within 10 years.
WASHINGTON ― Two of the country's top intelligence officials on Wednesday declined to discuss their conversations with President Donald Trump about the federal investigation into allegations of collusion between the Trump campaign and the Russian government to interfere in the 2016 election.
Director of National Intelligence Dan Coats and National Security Agency Director Michael Rogers told members of the U.S. Senate Select Committee on Intelligence that they did not think it was appropriate to describe their discussions with Trump in public. Both said generally that they didn't feel pressured to do anything they considered to be wrong, but neither would reveal what, exactly, Trump had said to them about the Russia probe.
Sen. Mark Warner (D-Va.), the vice chairman of the intelligence committee, asked Coats and Rogers about reports that Trump tried to pressure government officials to either interfere with an FBI investigation or push back on claims by former FBI Director James Comey that the bureau was investigating possible collaboration between Russia and Trump.
In one revealing moment, under questioning by Sen. Marco Rubio (R-Fla.), neither Coats nor Rogers would say if they were asked by Trump to interfere in the Russia probe. That's a separate question than whether they felt pressure to do something they thought was wrong.
“I'm not prepared to answer your question today,” Coats said. Rogers agreed.
This is an important exchange btwn DNI Coats and Sen. Heinrich on Coats' refusal to share details of discussions with Trump. (via @MSNBC) pic.twitter.com/vzxAiJQjum — Kyle Griffin (@kylegriffin1) June 7, 2017
The Washington Post reported on Tuesday that Coats told associates Trump asked him to intervene with Comey and get him to back off former national security adviser Michael Flynn. On March 22, two days after Comey confirmed that the FBI was investigating ties between the Trump campaign and Russia, Trump asked Coats and CIA Director Mike Pompeo to intervene in the ongoing FBI investigation.
But both Coats and Rogers worked hard to avoid making any new disclosures on Wednesday.
“It is my belief that it's inappropriate to share that with the public,” Coats said on Wednesday. “I don't think this is the appropriate venue to do this in.”
This exchange: King presses McCabe, Rogers, Coats on refusal to discuss convos w/ Comey & Trump, demands legal basis https://t.co/UoGXtJlTQT — Kyle Griffin (@kylegriffin1) June 7, 2017
“I'm not going to discuss the specifics of discussions with the president of the United States,” Rogers said. But Rogers did note that during his time in office, he had never been directed to do anything he considered inappropriate or immoral, and he didn't recall ever feeling pressured.
Coats and Rogers testified Wednesday alongside Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein and acting FBI Director Andrew McCabe. The focus of the hearing was on reauthorizing Section 702 of the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act, a counterterrorism tool that is supposed to be used only to target non-U.S. persons.
For decades, Teresa Lancaster talked about the rape and sexual abuse she endured at the hands of a local Catholic priest, police officers, and other men in her Baltimore community. She even told her husband, Randy, about it the night they met at a party. “I had a habit of doing that,” Lancaster told Vulture in an interview. “I think it was my own way of therapy.”
Nevertheless, Lancaster's participation in The Keepers — Netflix's unflinching documentary series about the horror she and others endured at the all-girls Archbishop Keough High School — followed years of silence. The 1972 graduate never told her parents that Father Joseph Maskell, the chaplain at Keough, raped her over a period of two years and arranged for other men to assault her as well, including a gynecologist she was forced to visit. Maskell, who died in 2001 and was never criminally charged, showed her a loaded handgun he kept in his desk and threatened her with expulsion if she shared their secret.
“I just want people to realize that they don't have to hide in the corner anymore,” Lancaster said. In 1994, she and another victim, Jean Hargadon Wehner, filed a $40 million lawsuit against Maskell and the Archdiocese of Baltimore under the pseudonyms of Jane Roe and Jane Doe respectively. Although the suit was thrown out because the statue of limitations had passed, more victims have come forward and the Archdiocese has paid $472,000 toward 16 settlements as well as $97,000 for counseling assistance.
“I decided to use Jane Roe because my children were a lot younger and I was afraid because at that time there were people that really didn't believe us,” Lancaster said. “In the '90s, it was really tough because the lawyers for the church were calling me promiscuous, asking me about relations with my boyfriend and smoking pot and drinking wine. They were making me out to be a real sleaze ball. But it's not that way so much anymore.”
That's due, in large part, to the doggedness of Gemma Hoskins and Abbie Schaub, two Keough alums who took it upon themselves to spend their retirement days spearheading a social-media campaign and investigation into what really happened at their high school. Sparking it all was the unsolved murder of Sister Cathy Cesnik, a 26-year-old beloved teacher who went missing on November 7, 1969, and whose dead body was found two months later at a remote garbage dump less than ten miles away.
The Keepers begin with the mystery surrounding Sister Cathy's murder, but evolves into a complicated web of church and government cover-ups that strongly suggest Maskell's involvement, though there are other suspects. At the heart of the series are the crusaders who refuse to take no for an answer and refuse to keep quiet — all of them women in their 60s.
Ryan White, director of The Keepers, met Lancaster for the first time when Hoskins drove all of them through the Baltimore neighborhood where Keough and the church were located. “It was obviously a very emotional experience for her because she was going back to the high school or the rectory where she was abused,” he said. “I didn't know her that well at that point, so in hindsight it was an emotional time for her. But Teresa is very, very reserved with her emotions and I learned that over the course of many years. I think that's one of the reasons she is so tough and probably a good lawyer, because she is reserved with those emotions.”
During an interview with Vulture, Lancaster was calm and collected as she opened up about the horrors of her past, what drives her to keep fighting, and how she feels about the Catholic Church's apology.
What has it been like since The Keepers was released? You kept quiet for so long and people weren't always kind to you.
Surprisingly, pretty good. I get hugged. When I went to the Keough farewell, everyone kept coming up and hugging me and shaking my hand. I have not gotten a negative response yet. It's really been pretty cool.
The documentary covers horrifying things that happened to you and many other women, but it also stands out because it's so empowering to see Gemma and Abbie take control after the system let you all down. Did you have a sense that this documentary would be so much bigger than yourself?
I've been wanting to tell my story since it happened. When I met with the group at Gemma's house and I met with [former Baltimore Sun reporter] Tom Nugent and some of the other people — at that time, Jean had not decided to come out publicly — I think we were just starting to feel stronger. And social media, that's what did it. That's what brought us together and made everybody strong enough. I did think it would be big, but I didn't think it would be this big.
What was it like to meet Gemma and Abbie?
It was interesting. I didn't know them when I was in Keough. I didn't have many friends because of all the abuse, but they were so kind and friendly and they were really, really proud of my coming out in the '90s. I did say a few times, you know, this group would have been very helpful in the '90s, but then I laughed it off because I feel like everyone was in the midst of raising little kids and stuff. One thing I should probably say is that when I was a student at Keough, I freely told all of my friends that Maskell was a pervert. My whole lunch table knew what was going on, but nobody knew what to do about it. I ended up being married, actually, while I was a senior. I was married secretly. I just started having children and putting it out of my mind as much as I could.
What about Jean? Did you feel an immediate bond with her?
I didn't meet her until about a year into the interviewing. Ryan said, “What do you think about going and meeting Jean?” And I said, “Well, it's a long time coming.” I'd only talked to her once in '95. I filed a writ with the Supreme Court and I asked her if she wanted to go in with me. She didn't want anything to do with that, so it was a very short conversation. I never saw her until I met her in the house during the filming of the documentary.
Jean's memories were repressed for a long time, but yours weren't. Did talking with Ryan bring back even more details?
It was pretty good because they took me to the school and the area along with Donna Von Den Bosch [another Maskell victim who has a received a settlement from the Archdiocese], whom I had never even known about, and the three of us hugged, trekked down, and started talking like we'd known each other all our lives. Donna would say something horrible that Father Neil Magnus did to her, and I'd chime in about Maskell and the douche bags. My husband was in the background shaking his head, almost crying because he couldn't believe the stories coming out of our mouths.
In the series, your husband spoke of how one night in the '90s you woke up screaming from a nightmare.
I always had a memory of the first couple times with Maskell and what he did with the douche bags and enema bottles and the raping. But yes, at the time, in '94, I woke up in the middle of the night screaming because I remembered the rape at the rector's office. I started remembering other things then, too.
When this started happening to you, were you aware that it had happened with other girls? Were there stories or rumors?
No, I didn't — except for when he started abusing my friend, Linda Whitney. That's when I realized I wasn't the only one. I went to him maybe three, four times before he started abusing us simultaneously. My parents were told by Maskell that I was a hopeless case, that I was possibly schizophrenic. He told them that I could have Linda over because she was a good kid. Linda and I were pretty much stuck with it. I was in a cage and she was in there too. He made her do an anatomy lesson on me with my clothes off and stuff like that. We didn't know whom to tell.
But you mentioned that you did talk about it with other girls?
To the extent that I would tell people that Maskell was a pervert and to stay away from Maskell. He smacked me with a gun, and I did tell people he had a gun and [that] he was crazy. I didn't sit down and tell the story.
There was one girl I became friends with whose first name is Cathy. She told me that he used to give her gynecological exams in the chapel.
Why did you start visiting Father Maskell in his office?
I started hanging around him when I was dating a guy with long hair who was in a band. My mom went through my purse and found some paraphernalia and she freaked out totally. My mother was screaming and crying. My father was crying, lying down, telling me he was having a heart attack. That was so horrible. The very next day, my dad took me to school and I found Linda and I was crying with her. We came up with the idea to see Maskell, to ask him to call my dad. That's how it all started. I've been in Catholic school since I was in the first grade and we were told that if there was any problem, you can go to the priest. The good Father will take care of you and make it right. That was embedded in my head.
You mentioned that you got married senior year and it was a secret. Was it a secret from your family?
I found out I was pregnant in May of '72 and I ran off with my current boyfriend. We got married at a Methodist church and moved into an apartment with a bunch of hippies.
And you were still going to school?
I was still in school. I called my mother and told her I was married. She screamed and cried and begged me to at least finish school. I kept going to school as though I wasn't married. Fortunately, nobody told on me.
Is that your husband now?
No, he died when he was 34 years old from cancer. We were married for 16 years. We had four kids. He got cancer when he was 28 years old and he was gone by 34. It was a strange marriage. I really didn't know him. That's the way it is. Actually, my hospice worker who was taking care of me toward the end of my first husband's life, I was invited to her birthday party. I ended up marrying her brother. [Laughs.]
Did any of your siblings know what you had gone through?
No. At the time, my brothers were all nerds and I was a hippie and I didn't really have much in common with them. They had their books and I had my coffee houses and what have you. So they didn't know. I never told them. I did confide in my brother, Mark, when we were into adulthood, and of course they all knew when I filed suit.
And your parents never knew?
No, my parents never knew. My mother actually had an untimely death from a botched biopsy. She died in 1993. I don't think I would have come forward. I wouldn't have done anything to hurt her, she was such a saint, you know?
Was Father Maskell still abusing you after you were married in your senior year?
Yes, yes.
Did you talk about that with your husband?
Yeah, he wanted to shoot him. Of course, he didn't.
It's believed that some of the girls told Sister Cathy what was happening and this possibly led to her murder. Did you ever speak to her about it?
I never talked to her. I did try out for the drama club freshman year and I did see her, but I never really knew her.
Do you think her murder will be solved?
I think Maskell did it. I think we are closer than we ever have been. I am not keeping tabs on the new tips that are coming in with Gemma and Abbie. I'm pretty much focusing on victims that are coming forward. There are a lot of people who can't remember a lot.
Your brain tries to protect you, I think.
Yes. I always tell them that if they don't remember, it's probably a blessing.
It was so infuriating and disheartening to learn that all of these other people participated in the crimes with Maskell.
I know. My friend Linda, who just died this month, was with me on Halloween night 1970 when Maskell took us to a police run in a remote area where I remember being raped by two policemen. She remembered more than that. She said it was a lot more than that, but I don't remember. She did put a rant on Facebook shortly before she died. We took it down because it was really personal.
You became a lawyer at 49. Why did you want to be a lawyer?Well, I always wanted to be either a doctor or a lawyer. My dad is a lawyer. I have three brothers and two of them are doctors and the other one is a lawyer. In my family, you really aren't educated unless you are a professional and I always had an interest in the law. I just wanted to do that so I figured when the kids got older, I slowly chiseled at it and got my social-work degree and then ended up in law school.
How do you feel about the apology that the Church gave you and the other victims of Father Maskell? Did you accept it?
I thanked them for their apology, but after being called names — they tried to break me in the depositions of the '90s — it's really hard for me to accept anything from the Church. I know they are apologizing so they can save face and their money. I don't think they would have ever said they were sorry if they didn't get caught red-handed. I mean, they called me a liar. They said I was a confused, mixed-up person, like a mental case.
I can't imagine what you felt when you learned what happened to Charles Franz, the dentist who was abused by Maskell at another school. That's the reason why he was transferred to your school.
I was always under the impression that he had abused a boy at Our Lady of Victory, which is why he was sent to Keough. When the dentist came out, I was surprised, but in a way I wasn't. I had known he was doing boys and had a history and that's why they sent him to an all-girls school.
If the Archdiocese had done the right thing, he would have never hurt all of you at Keough. That is infuriating.
When I saw the movie Spotlight and they said they knew — they knew, and they let it happen — I almost broke down and cried because they did know. If they had listened to the dentist Charles, I wouldn't have been abused.
You work with victims of abuse. What advice do you give them?
I tell them, “You're not alone, stay strong.” And I thank them for contacting me.
How do you think you've been able to stay strong yourself?
I would just say that I'm lucky. I've always had drive and determination, and I'm just lucky that it made me more angry than anything else. And determined. You know what's interesting? This made me tougher. When my husband died and my mother died, there were a lot of horrors in my life. It made me able to tough it out, and I was determined to go back to school and make something of myself. I wasn't giving into it. It was always there. There isn't one day that goes by where I don't hear Maskell's name, and it's haunting. I just try to look for life in other places.
Timothy ”Timbaland” Mosley and Justin Timberlake have a secret. The duo is hanging out backstage at Miami's American Airlines Arena on Feb. 24, killing time before another one of Timberlake's sold-out FutureSex/LoveSounds shows. As they dig into a Cuban-themed dinner of spicy chicken and potatoes, they whisper animatedly. Then, unable to help himself, Timberlake lets it slip. ”Man,” he says, ”I gotta get my head around this 50 track.”
Unbeknownst to even their entourages, 50 Cent is at this moment in the venue's parking lot, hiding aboard Timbaland's tour bus/mobile recording studio, patiently waiting for an audience with the superproducer. The rapper's presence is shrouded in absolute secrecy; even the radio-promotion men who mill about near the front of the bus have no clue that 50 is behind the steel door that separates the studio from the rest of the vehicle.
It'll be hours before 50 gets together with Timbaland, who goes simply by Tim off stage. The most-wanted man in music has a to-do list that keeps him busy around the clock. He's currently producing upcoming music from, among many others, Björk, Missy Elliott, and Duran Duran. He's finishing his own new CD, Shock Value (due April 3), which features everyone from Elton John and Dr. Dre to Fall Out Boy. (The album's so chock-full that a contribution from Jay-Z — with whom Tim has created 14 tracks — did not make the cut. More on that later.) He's in talks to contribute tracks to Coldplay's and Madonna's upcoming albums (the latter with Timberlake), and this summer Rockstar Games, the company behind Grand Theft Auto, will release Tim's beatmaking program for PlayStation 3, dubbed ”Beaterator.” Though he is only 35, Tim is such a dominant force that just about every current pop trend can be traced back to him — from sultry, urban-edged R&B songstresses (Aaliyah gave way to Ciara) to the art of incorporating avant-garde sounds into No. 1 hits (think the icy techno stabs of Usher's ”Yeah!”). Indeed, it's not overstating the case to say that Timbaland, who has owned the pop charts over the past decade, has redefined the possibilities of what pop music sounds like. Says Duran Duran's John Taylor, ”I came to appreciate his place in the industry. He's like Buddha: From the highest corporate A&R to the street kid, everybody wants what he's got.”
All of which helps explain why one of the most notorious rappers on earth is forced to wait. And wait. So 50 Cent bides his time with his manager, Chris Lighty, and G-Unit rapper Tony Yayo, listening over and over to a new track Tim created with Timberlake for 50's upcoming Before I Self-Destruct. Unimpressed, his 10-year-old son, Marquise, is busy playing with Tim's PlayStation 3.
Back in the arena's mess hall, Tim and Timberlake scrape their plates clean. Then Tim retires to his dressing room to prepare for his performance, which consists of cameos during Timberlake's show plus a DJ set of his own during intermission. His mind still on last night's recording session, Tim raps a 50 verse from the track they've been working on. The next moment, he's shrieking Jennifer Hudson's showstopper from Dreamgirls: ”AND I AM TELLING YOU! I'm not going!” That's when the door swings open. Enter Timberlake. ”See ya out there, big boy!” says the superstar.
”Shake and bake!” comes Tim's reply. (The best friends often refer to each other, interchangeably, as Talladega Nights‘ Ricky Bobby and Cal Naughton Jr.) When Tim takes the stage for his solo gig, he begins with a triumphant shout-out: ”Miami, I'm home!” (Born and raised in Norfolk, Va., he maintains a home in Miami.) Though Tim's rave-like set has received brutal reviews — the next day the Miami Herald will dismiss it as ”pointless” — it strikes this reporter as the perfect summation of his decade-long career. Tim and studio engineer Demacio ”Demo” Castellon crank out a techno-styled mix, from Missy Elliott's ”Work It” to ”Give It to Me,” the first single (featuring Nelly Furtado and Timberlake) from Tim's upcoming solo album. After the 20-minute rave closes with a tribute to his late friend Aaliyah, choreographed to Coldplay's ”Clocks,” Tim hustles back to his dressing room. Then and only then does 50 Cent get his time with the man of the moment.
For many artists, Tim has been worth the wait. This particular week, five Tim tracks chart on Billboard‘s Hot 100, including Furtado's eerie ”Say It Right,” Timberlake's smash ”What Goes Around Comes,” and Omarion's dark, chilly ”Ice Box.” FutureSex/LoveSounds — a Tim and Timberlake co-production that yielded the Grammy-winning singles ”SexyBack” and ”My Love” — is near triple-platinum status, a rare achievement in the file-sharing-battered music business where artists struggle just to sell one million. But as music critic Simon Reynolds wryly noted on his blog: ”It gets boring, doesn't it, acclaiming Timbaland's genius for the 10th year in a row?” Which may explain why Tim has decided that now is the time to headline his own act, with a first-ever solo release.
Tim — nicknamed Timbaland in the early '90s by Jodeci's Devante Swing after the Timberland boot — was born on March 10, 1972, to Garland Mosley (an Amtrak employee) and Latrice Mosley (who ran a homeless shelter). Before entering his teens, he'd mastered turntables and drum machines. ”A couple of summers, he never came out of his room,” remembers his younger brother, Sebastian, now a rapper signed to Tim's Interscope-distributed label, Mosley Music. ”If anyone outside our family had seen him, they woulda thought he was cuckoo.” Yet it was Tim's gospel-loving Baptist mother who encouraged his love for music-making, even purchasing a 13-year-old Tim his very own drum machine, a primitive model by Casio. The gift encouraged Tim, a Salem High freshman in 1986, to approach local aspiring musician and producer Pharrell Williams of nearby Princess Anne Middle School. The two formed a group, the short-lived and unremarkable Surrounded by Idiots (SBI), now merely a footnote in the biographies of the two superproducers.
At 17, DJ ”Timmy Tim” was enjoying modest success on the Virginia Beach club scene, and as the producer of a never-released CD with Portsmouth, Va., resident Missy Elliott and her group Fayze. He made ends meet with a series of menial jobs, including washing dishes at a Red Lobster, until late one night he wound up on the wrong end of a gun. The bullet passed through Tim's neck and lodged in his right shoulder (fragments remain to this day). For nine months, Tim was paralyzed on his right side, forcing him to learn to DJ with his left hand.
Tim rarely talks about the shooting, and is, in fact, quite critical of gangsta rappers who boast of their war wounds. ”I'm not a rapper,” he says dismissively. ”I'm not talking about my scars or my battles.” Still, the shooting did help him form a bond with 50 Cent. ”I'll tell you this,” Tim says. ”If you get shot and you survive, you feel like you're an Incredible Hulk. Them bullets don't hurt when they go in. But then they got that burnin', that acid burn. Goddamn! It feels like a stove burning your blood. You feel like any minute you gonna be dyin'.”
”I have been through some junk,” he sighs. ”It ain't all been peaches and cream.” Two years after the shooting, in 1991, Timbaland lost control of his Mazda RX-7 and crashed — the vehicle ”wrapped around a tree like a candy cane,” he winces — killing his passenger, a female friend.
His luck changed in the spring of 1995, when Atlantic Records chairman-CEO Craig Kallman, then a senior VP at the label, took a gamble by hiring him to work with teenage R&B singer Aaliyah on her second album. ”He came in and played me instrumental beats,” recalls Kallman of the then-little-known producer. ”From the moment I met him, I knew that he was the next-level genius.” Tim had instant chemistry with the singer. Although she'd already had a hit album (1994's Age Ain't Nothing but a Number, produced entirely by rumored boyfriend R. Kelly), Tim and Aaliyah, together with Elliott, managed to remap R&B's sonic landscape with 1996's One in a Million. On the title track, Tim set fluttering high hats moving in sensuous slow motion against the sound of chirping birds, part of the adventurousness that yielded four hits and sales of 2 million. The disc also defined Tim's sound. ”I've always tried different stuff in the studio,” he says. ”I use rakes, spoons, cans…I'm a surround-sound type of guy.”
Tim refined his wide-screen sonics further when he reunited with Elliott for her 1997 solo debut, Supa Dupa Fly. On the first single, ”The Rain,” Tim magnified a sample from soul singer Ann Peebles' 1973 hit ”I Can't Stand the Rain” into an echoing raindrop sound that reverberated with an indescribably funky thud. Supa was just the first in a series from Tim and Missy that altered hip-hop's rhythmic compass, thanks to the wiry sitars and tablas on ”Get Ur Freak On” (from 2001's Miss E…So Addictive) and the weird, sung-in-reverse refrain of ”Work It” (from 2002's Under Construction). Along the way, the hits with other singers just kept coming, including Timberlake's massive hit on his 2002 solo debut, Justified — the Britney-inspired ”Cry Me a River.”
Though Tim's career has never suffered a serious dry spell, he's still haunted by his few failures. In 2002, his album with longtime partner Magoo, Indecent Proposal, sold only 403,000 copies. Tim's Interscope-distributed imprint, Beat Club, also failed to score; white Southern rapper Bubba Sparxxx's 2003 album Deliverance underwhelmed, although it featured some of Tim's most radical productions — such as a sample by the Colorado-based bluegrass group Yonder String Mountain Band. (Tim guesses the album was ”ahead of its time.” Indeed, critics now embrace it as one of the most daring, genre-busting albums of the past decade.)
Tim, who has the stocky build of an NFL linebacker, was also deeply dissatisfied with his appearance: A physical exam revealed that his body fat was an astonishing 44 percent. So he hit the gym and backed away from the music business, even putting his partnership with Missy on hold; for her 2005 album The Cookbook, she turned to other producers for all but two tracks. Eventually, he slimmed down to 10 percent body fat.
Two projects lured Tim back into beatmaking: Nelly Furtado's comeback album Loose and Timberlake's FutureSex/LoveSounds. The international success of both put Tim back on top of the music business — but it also brought nonstop demands for his work. ”This is one of the faster paces I ever had in my whole life,” he says. ”I gotta slow down.”
Not just yet. A few hours after a Timberlake gig in Fort Lauderdale, Tim and engineer Demo are back at Miami's Hit Factory, mastering tracks for Shock Value. It's 1 a.m., and the first song they work is a collaboration between Tim, Elliott, Timberlake, and Dr. Dre (one of the few production giants whose profile and body of work make him a ”get,” even for Tim). It features a lewd, strip-club-ready chorus sung by J.T., who commands over a grinding bass line: ”BOUNCE! LIKE YOUR ASS GOT THE HICCUPS!” Classic Tim, it samples giggling girls' voices that have been transformed into an eerie, bubbling beat. Not to be outdone, Elliott adds laugh-out-loud lines, like ”Hold up! Oh, naw!/Like Britney Spears, I ain't got no drawers!”
Around 3 a.m., a crisis arises. Tim receives news from New York that Jay-Z and his engineer Gimel ”Young Guru” Keaton are nowhere near finished with their parts of Shock Value‘s ”Ain't I.” Jay specifically canceled plans to escort Beyoncé to the Oscars just to polish it off. At 5 a.m. becomes 6, Tim and Demo grow increasingly nervous — the deadline to deliver the finished CD to Interscope is just hours away. ”It's crunch time,” Tim says, wiping sweat from his forehead. But as the sun comes up, and Tim's publicist and other engineers lie passed out in sleeping bags on the floor, ”Ain't I” remains incomplete. Despite its catchy hook — ”I'm a hustler's hustler/A gangster's gangster/Ain't I?” — Tim has no choice but to eliminate it from his record. ”Jay-Z, that's my brother. He disappointed,” he says. (Through his publicist at Def Jam, Jay-Z had no comment.)
After yet another Timberlake show and another all-nighter — this time in an Atlanta studio with rapper T.I. — Tim wearily climbs aboard the so-called ”Ritz-Carlton”; his private quarters, this bus boasts a king-size bed and his personal chef, Ralphie. It's before 7 a.m. on March 1, but as we begin the nearly 500-mile trip to New Orleans, Tim broaches a sensitive subject: his feud with producer Scott Storch (50's ”Candy Shop,” Fat Joe's ”Lean Back”). In 2002, Storch was a keyboard player for Tim, even playing piano on ”Cry Me a River” — a song Storch claims to have co-produced, despite the fact that he was only credited as one of the writers. Counters Timbaland, the song's producer: ”I beatboxed the whole thing…ask Justin, he'll tell you.” On Shock Value's first single, ”Give It to Me,” Tim disses Storch directly: ”I'm a real producer and you just a piano man.” Storch shot back with ”Built Like That,” a single on which he declares that he and Tim's engineers, such as Nate ”Danja” Hills, are the true authors of Tim's hits.
”I know he got a little record out,” Tim says, careful not to mention Storch's name. ”I just want him to destroy his career. Because that's what he's doing. But I gotta be real smart. The more I talk about him, the more I big him up…. I gotta pray on it.” (Storch denied repeated interview requests for this article.)
Here's what this reporter witnessed during a week with Tim: Like most hip-hop producers, he works with a team of engineers and beatsmiths. He treats them with the ruthlessness of James Brown; Tim is the conductor, directing them to a sound that's in his head alone. (It's definitely not something Tim puts down on paper — the producer cannot read music.) He describes his craft as ”the ability to hear placements where you don't hear a beat.” He recognizes this gift in few others; his old Virginia Beach pal Williams is one. ”I kept hearing this screaming when Pharrell was working next door with Kelis. I was working with Missy. Missy was like, ‘Damn, they're fightin' over there?' And I was like, ‘Whatever that screaming is, that's dope.' That's how I [first] heard ‘I hate you so much right now”' (the chorus of R&B singer Kelis' 1999 smash ”Caught Out There”).
In that kind of creative environment, it's hardly surprising that egos get bruised and feuds arise. Timbaland says it's a good thing he and Williams (whose artists include Gwen Stefani and Britney Spears) have separate careers: ”I couldn't have him under my wings. We would have clashed. We'd be beefing. He's a king too.
”I know [Storch] wanna be in that category,” Tim continues. ”But it's only gonna be me, Dre, and Pharrell. That's it. You know what I'm saying?”
Hillary Clinton's path to the White House is beginning to take shape, and if the former secretary of state's own plans are any indication, she sees liberal stars Sen. Elizabeth Warren (D-Mass.) and Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-Vt.) as potential hurdles on the way.
MSNBC reported that Clinton and her team have scheduled an unlikely powwow with leaders at the Progressive Change Campaign Committee, the small Democratic group most strongly aligned with Warren and the populist economic agenda championed by Sanders.
Clinton, who is unlikely to formally enter the race until the spring, has already been criticized for being too tight with the wealthy donors and corporate leaders who have supported her in past campaigns, advised her while in office and given millions to her husband Bill's Clinton Foundation.
Post-election blues: That narrative took flight after Democrats, including at least 13 of the 26 Clinton campaigned for this fall, were rocked at the polls on Election Day. When a party takes a beating like that, its establishment leaders take the fall and new voices — or, at least, unfamiliar ones — begin to get more play.
Progressive Change Campaign Committee co-founders Adam Green and Stephanie Taylor are among them. They sent a message to Democrats after the midterms, scolding the party for engaging in a "Seinfeld-ian election about nothing" and declaring that "Warren was the most popular Democrat on the campaign trail for a reason: Her message of taking on Wall Street, reducing student debt and expanding Social Security benefits."
Sanders, the Senate's only socialist, is reading from a similar policy book. He, too, is trying to build a grassroots progressive movement with a particular focus on driving money out of politics, fighting income inequality with higher taxes on the rich, reducing the price of higher education — to nothing, in some cases — and upgrading from Obamacare to a government-subsidized single payer health care system. His recent hiring of veteran campaign hand Tad Devine is the clearest signal yet Sanders is planning to run.
Problems from the left: This creates real a real conundrum for Clinton, whose ties to the people and organizations scorned by the left go back decades.
"Many of her best friends, her intellectual brain trust [on economics], all come out of that world," a longtime political aide to Hillary and Bill Clinton, told the New Republic last year. "She doesn't have a problem on the fighting-for-working-class-folks side, but it will be hard, really wrenching for her to be that populist on [finance] issues."
"Wrenching" though it may be, taking on these issues and the politicians and groups driving the discussion now is a smart political move for Clinton and her Democratic Party backers.
Because when the real campaign begins, the Progressive Change Campaign Committee, Warren and Sanders will all be there. Sanders is the most likely to actually run against her, and the Warren faction is a necessary ally in winning the Democratic primary.
More importantly, Clinton will need the support of their devoted grassroots troops when it's time to take on the Republicans. Progressive voices will be loud right through Election Day. Hillary needs them speaking up for her.
Scip Barnhart's eighth floor corner room is filled with paintings, sculptures and drawings from all over the world. Hundreds of books, some of them first-generation and in different languages, line his shelves, alongside decades-old vinyl records, pressed together in worn-down covers.
The art teacher, 66, will soon have to start boxing up the one-bedroom, one-bathroom apartment in The West End that he has called home since 1981.
GW is suing him to leave.
“My room is my studio, I work here,” Barnhart said, glancing at the drawing table and filing drawers that dominate nearly half of his living room. “In general, it has been wonderful to be here.”
Barnhart is one of 15 non-students who live in University housing – tenants who were grandfathered in after GW purchased old apartment complexes to turn into residence halls. He was asked to vacate West End, which GW bought in 1999, as it prepares to build the massive residence hall commonly called the “superdorm.”
The Board of Trustees has allocated $2.5 million to design the project, which will merge West End, Schenley and Crawford halls.
About a year ago, Barnhart said, the University offered to shift him into another on-campus residence hall but keep his $709-a-month fixed rent. Unsatisfied with the idea of moving into a JBKO double – a much smaller than his West End room – and unsure why he was being asked to move, Barnhart decided to stay put.
He said he has been distrustful of the University since 2006, when his 27-year career as an adjunct professor ended after his division in the art department dissolved. Barnhart was vague about the dismissal, but said he was the only employee let go in the process.
On June 28, he found an eviction letter tacked to his front door.
GW will take Barnhart to court Sept. 5 to justify handing him a removal notice that did not disclose a reason.
Last year, the University earned an exemption from city rules that require landlords to give tenants a reason for eviction in The West End, because the building mainly houses students.
“All I'm doing is evoking my rights as a citizen. I have a right to contest,” Barnhart said, adding that he will also fight the fairness of the exemption.
The eviction notice stated that his “month to month lease is terminable on 30-day's notice from the Landlord,” according to court documents.
“Because they are so powerful in the city, I believe, they can do what they want, so now I don't have quite the bargaining power that I had as a tenant before,” Barnhart said, adding that he learned of the plan to build the new residence hall through a Hatchet article – not GW.
He is now pushing for the University to relocate him to a room at Columbia Plaza, the 2440 Virginia Ave. apartment complex that houses some graduate and law students. He called the potential room at JBKO a “dump.”
Barnhart enjoyed living with students for the last three decades, but said he is worried his belongings would get damaged if students accidentally tripped a residence hall's sprinkler system.
“I'm around students all the time, and I don't mind it at all. For the most part, students have been wonderful,” the part-time professor at Georgetown and American universities said. “One of my concerns is the value of everything that's here, and I want to protect it.”
When asked about Barnhart's claims that he was not told about the construction project, University spokeswoman Michelle Sherrard declined to comment, citing the University's policy of not commenting on pending litigation.
Sherrard also declined to comment on the total number of tenants who were relocated in preparation for impending construction. Barnhart said he knew at least two other non-student residents who chose to relocate from The West End to JBKO when offered the option last year.
Dennis Taylor, general counsel in D.C.'s Office of the Tenant Advocate, said a judge would consider whether or not GW can legally remove Barnhart from his apartment.
“The Court will be looking for the legal sufficiency of that Notice,” Taylor said in an email, meaning the University will have to prove it has the authority to kick him out of his room. “If legal sufficiency is not found, no eviction will take place.”
Barnhart knows he will have to move from his home of 31 years. The only questions remaining are: to where and when?
“I'm an adjunct professor, I'm on social security and I don't make a lot of money. Sometimes I make money printing for artists and sometimes I don't,” he said. “That's a very iffy market, so my finances are limited.”
This article appeared in the August 27, 2012 issue of the Hatchet.
A controversial former United Nations official who's been engaged in a public spat with Afghan President Hamid Karzai said Monday that the U.S. effort in Afghanistan is doomed in part because Karzai is a "weirdo."
Peter Galbraith was fired from his job as second-in-command of the UN mission in Kabul after he declared that Karzai's reelection last fall was the result of electoral fraud.
Karzai had long denied that the elections were tainted, until unexpectedly announcing last month that there had indeed been "massive fraud", just not by him.
"That was not done by the Afghans. The foreigners did that. That fraud was done by Galbraith," Karzai said. A few days later, Karzai threatened to quit the political process and join the Taliban if he continued to come under outside pressure to reform.
Galbraith has previously suggested that Karzai might be smoking hashish.
Galbraith's latest comment came at a forum on the Afghan war sponsored by Economists for Peace and Security and the New America Foundation. In a stark contrast with the confident words coming from the White House and the Pentagon, Monday's speakers were uniformly pessimistic about the U.S. presence, which they called "unnecessary and counter-productive."
"I see Afghanistan as something that basically saps and traps American power, not as something that builds American power," said Steve Clemons of the New America Foundation.
Former CIA analyst Paul Pillar said the war is making enemies of the Afghan people and not making Americans safer. He warned of the tendency "to think of sunken costs as investments."
Former national security staffer Hillary Mann Leverett said the U.S. really has no option but to bring the Taliban to the negotiating table.
And former congressman Thomas H. Andrews called for an independent commission to come up with alternatives for Afghanistan -- and give President Obama political cover to reverse course.
Galbraith argued that "whether you think Afghanistan is important or not, whatever view you have of what we might be obligated to do there morally or politically, if the war cannot be won, if it is unwinnable... then there is no point in committing valuable resources."
To successfully counter an insurgency, "you need a credible Afghan partner," Galbraith said. "And so the question is: Do we have a credible Afghan partner, and if we don't, is there any chance that we could end up with a credible Afghan partner?"
Galbraith said Karzai's eight-year tenure has been "characterized by ineffectiveness and corruption." And, he said: "I ask you, what makes anybody think that the next five years are going to be any different?"
Galbraith described Karzai's recent statements and concluded: "I don't know how to put this diplomatically, so I won't. Karzai's a weirdo... Hamid Karzai, ineffective, corrupt, illegitimate and weird, is not a credible Afghan partner."
Obama, for his part, hosted Karzai at the White House last week. Obama said he "welcomed President Karzai's commitment to take additional steps that can improve the lives of the Afghan people in concrete ways, especially with regard to the rule of law, agricultural production, economic growth, and the delivery of basic services."
Galbraith is no stranger to controversy. Not long after he was fired by the UN, the
New York Times published a story suggesting that his lucrative ties to a Norwegian company doing business with the Kurdish regional government in Iraq created a conflict of interest with his role as influential diplomat.
Walmart says mischief was the cause of an eyebrow-raising store display that popped up inside one of its locations this week.
On Wednesday, a photo of a sign reading "Own the school year like a hero," perched above a glass-encased firearm display, spread like wildfire on social media. People were furious about the juxtaposition of the back-to-school sign and firearms.
Walmart immediately condemned the display, issued an apology and called it "truly awful." It also said it would investigate to locate the store in question and find out what happened.
On Friday, Walmart spokesman Charles Crowson confirmed to CNNMoney that the company has determined that the incident was the result of mischief. He declined to elaborate, but he said the investigation was conducted by multiple employees who worked "many hours" to get to the bottom of the situation.
Last September, a Walmart in Panama City Beach put up stacked boxes of Coca-Cola to resemble the World Trade Center in an apparent attempt to commemorate 9/11. Walmart corporate said it didn't mean any disrespect and the display was quickly taken down.
In 2014, the company apologized for selling a "fat girl" costume on its website.
Remember, all Dubai government service centres will be closed today By Mike Priest
All government-related services will have to be performed online this Thursday…
Over the last several years the Dubai government has worked hard to roll out a number of useful apps and online portals that can help residents and citizens alike do everything from pay their DEWA bill to see what's on the city's events calendar to locating the nearest medical clinic.
It seems, however, that not everyone is taking advantage of these time-saving apps, preferring instead to visit one of the city's many service centres in person.
To that end, HH Sheikh Mohammed bin Rashid Al Maktoum, Vice-President and Prime Minister of the UAE and Ruler of Dubai, has called for ‘A Day without Service Centres' on Thursday 26 October.
Designed to encourage people to make better use of the variety of available apps, all government service centres will not perform their usual functions tomorrow, instead employees will be on hand to educate the public on how to use various smart channels to complete tasks.
“Customer service centres will dedicate their efforts on Thursday, 26 October, to spread awareness among customers of the importance of transformation to smart channels to complete transactions, whether via smart apps or the web. On that day, all transactions requiring payments will be stopped for one day at the centres, but will remain available through all smart channels”, noted Abdulrahman Saleh Al Saleh, Director General of the Department of Finance (DoF) which is behind the initiative.
The overall aim is to help Dubai reach its goal of becoming one of the world's smartest cities, whilst helping save time, effort and money of its customers across all sectors.
Service centres will resume their regular duties on Friday.
Need to brush up on what government apps are available? You can check out the full list here.
– For more about Dubai straight to your newsfeed, follow us on Facebook.
Images: Dubai Media Office, iTunes
…Make That Six Solar Growth Markets That May Surprise You
May 27th, 2014 by Tina Casey
The Canadian Solar announcement caught our eye because, although the dateline is May 27 (as in, this morning), the subject is the company's contribution to a South Carolina solar farm that his been up and running since last December. Now, why would Canadian Solar go out of its way to draw attention to its early foothold in the South Carolina solar market at this particular moment?
The South Carolina Solar Market And Fossil Fuels
Let's start with the basics of the South Carolina solar market. The state really has gained a reputation as a notoriously anti-solar state, partly due to the influence of the Republican-dominated fossil fuel lobbying organization ALEC (American Legislative Exchange Council). ALEC has a powerful influence on federal and state legislation, particularly so in South Carolina where it enjoys its own, named exemption to state lobbying laws.
You can't blame the whole thing on ALEC, though. Strong leadership in either party can make all the difference. Just look at the renewable energy growth in Arizona, where Republican Governor Jan Brewer has aggressively pushed solar tech, or Kansas [update: see comment thread for following correction], where Republican Governor Sam Brownback has advocated for wind, and then of course there's Iowa, where Senator Chuck Grassley has been a longtime (long, long) supporter of wind energy.
What Kansas, Iowa, Arizona, and South Carolina have in common is a relative lack of in-state fossil fuel resources, so the emerging availability of renewable energy as a local resource for state economies should be a no-brainer.
There is a another clue as to why renewables have lagged in South Carolina, in the US Energy Information Agency report dated March 27, 2014.
South Carolina is heavily invested in expensive nuclear energy, with four plants already supplying 57 percent of the state's net electricity generation and two new reactors under construction.
While the new plants could help the state shed its reliance on imported coal (according to EIA, South Carolina electricity generators got 49 percent of their coal from Kentucky alone), those nuclear dollars would be threatened by new investment in low-cost solar power — to say nothing of the state's as-yet untapped, massive offshore wind power resources, which is a whole ‘nother ball of wax.
South Carolina did get about five percent of its energy from renewable sources in 2013 but about half of that was from existing hydroelectric sources.
Meanwhile, per capita retail sales of electricity in South Carolina are greater than the national median, which EIA attributes to heavy use of AC in summer and electric heat in winter.
The Solar Growth Market In South Carolina
At least as of the March 2014 report, EIA did not see much potential in the state's solar growth. Here's EIA's recap of major non-fossil energy resources in the state:
…The state has no fossil fuel reserves or production but does have some renewable resources. South Carolina's system of rivers and lakes provides substantial hydroelectric power generation potential. The wood waste from the state's forests and the associated mills provides significant amounts of biomass. Landfill gas and municipal solid waste provide additional biomass resources. …Other renewable resources in South Carolina are not significant. The state does not have appreciable wind energy resource potential, but manufacturers and assemblers of wind turbine components have located in the state. Solar resources are modest…
Those EIA reports could look very different in short order, partly because a bi-partisan bill in support of growing the solar industry has finally been working its way through the South Carolina legislature.
The Colleton Solar Farm
Even if the bill fails or is watered down, the Canadian Solar project could still have a significant on solar growth in South Carolina.
The new (well, not so new) solar farm, located near the town of Walterboro, is the largest ground-mounted solar installation in South Carolina. It consists of more than 10,000 Canadian Solar CS6X-300P “Max Power” photovoltaic modules.
The facility is owned and operated by TIG Energy I, LLC, which is a member of The InterTech Group, Inc., and the electricity goes to the major South Carolina power company Santee Cooper.
With a capacity of 2.5 MW, the Colleton solar farm is actually not the largest single solar installation in South Carolina. That honor goes to a rooftop array at the new Boeing facility in the state, which last we heard topped out at 2.6 MW.
However, the big difference is that Santee Cooper and its partners are using the Colleton solar farm as a test lab for a new wave of South Carolina solar projects.
The president and CEO of Central Electric Power Cooperative had this to say:
This project is a real-world, full-scale learning tool. The question [electricity] co-ops want to answer is how we can design a consumer-friendly product that makes solar power available to our members in a reliable, affordable and economically sustainable way. We expect to gain a tremendous amount of insight from this installation.
On its part, Santee has positioned the project as one that “raises the bar” on its history of dabbling in non-fossil sources.
Canadian Solar could have had a number of reasons for today's announcement, but for now let's just say it doesn't hurt to give market watchers and state legislators a little nudge to remind them that the solar market is poised for growth in South Carolina.
For the record, those five aforementioned solar growth markets are Minnesota, Virginia, Louisiana, Georgia, and Washington, DC.
Follow me on Twitter and Google+.
Rather than serving in the U.S. Senate for almost 20 years, or having so many other wonderful life experiences, I could have served a longer sentence in prison for some of the stupid, reckless things I did as a teenager. I am grateful to have gotten a second chance — and I believe our society should make a sustained investment in offering second chances to our youth.
When I was a teen, we rode aimlessly around town, shot things up, started fires and generally raised hell. It was only dumb luck that we never really hurt anyone. At 17, I was caught destroying federal property and was put on probation. For two years, my probation officer visited me and my friends at home, in the pool hall, at school and on the basketball court. He was a wonderful guy who listened and really cared. I did pretty well on probation. At 21, though, I got into a fight in a tough part of town and ended up in jail for hitting a police officer.
I spent only one night in jail, but that was enough. I remember thinking, “I don't need too much more of this.”
I had a chance to turn my life around, and I took it. This term, the U.S. Supreme Court will decide whether other young people get that same chance.
On Nov. 9, the court will hold oral argument in Sullivan vs. Florida and Graham vs. Florida, two cases that will determine whether it is constitutional to sentence a teenager to life in prison without parole for a crime that did not involve the taking of a life. There is a simple reason the criminal justice system should treat juveniles and adults differently: Kids are a helluva lot dumber than adults. They do stupid things — as I did — and some even commit serious crimes, but youths don't really ever think through the consequences. It's for this reason that every state restricts children from such consequential actions as voting, serving on juries, purchasing alcohol or marrying without parental consent.
The Supreme Court recognized the differences between teenagers and adults when it held a few years ago, in Roper vs. Simmons, that it was unconstitutional to impose the death penalty on defendants younger than 18. Locking up a youth for the rest of his life, with no hope for parole, is surely unconstitutional for the same reasons. The person you are at 13 or 17 is not the person you are at 30.
Everyone old enough to look back on his or her teenage years knows this.
Peer pressure is a huge part of youth behavior, whether one grows up in Washington, D.C., or Cody, Wyo. The guys will say, “Go get the gun. We'll pick up just enough money for tonight.” And almost unthinkingly, you'll do it. There is simply no way to know at the time of sentencing whether a young person will turn out “good” or “bad.” The only option is to bring him or her before a parole board — after some number of years — and give the person the chance to declare, “I'm a different person today” — and then prove it.
Parole boards can examine how youth offenders spent their time in prison. Did they read books or work in the library? Did they make furniture? Get a college degree? Those are critical questions for review.
We all know youths who have changed for the better. When I was a lawyer in Cody, the court sometimes appointed me to represent juvenile offenders, and parents who knew of my history often asked for help with their children. I once helped an 18-year-old who stole a car and drove it to Seattle. I later hired him as chief of staff for my Senate office.
I was lucky that the bullets I stole from a hardware store as a teenager and fired from my .22-caliber rifle never struck anyone. I was fortunate that the fires I set never hurt anyone. I heard my wake-up call and listened — and I went on to have many opportunities to serve my country and my community.
When a young person is sent “up the river,” we need to remember that all rivers can change course.
Alan K. Simpson, a Republican, was a U.S. senator from Wyoming from 1977 to 1996.
Update: A Valve rep has confirmed that the date indicated by PayPal is correct: The Steam Summer Sale will begin on June 22.
Original story:
The Steam Summer Sale dates have been revealed, and once again we have PayPal to thank. The online payment company said on Twitter today that the big sale will begin at 6 pm BST/1 pm ET on June 22.
It's official. The #SteamSummerSale starts 22/06 at 6pm BST and PayPal customers get an extra £5 off *terms apply. https://t.co/PdXnlKZ6qh pic.twitter.com/hobxCz3TBmJune 20, 2017
That matches the date that leaked last month, when a screenshot of a Steam developers group post found its way to Reddit. As Shaun noted at the time, the 2016 Summer Sale began on June 23, so even at that stage the date seemed like a good bet.
To be fair, this isn't officially "official," but this isn't the first time PayPal has spoiled the surprise: Most recently, it dropped the dime on the 2016 Winter Sale. I've reached out to Valve for confirmation, just to be sure, but I think it's safe to say that this is it. Brace thy wallets.
(And since I haven't seen anything yet that even comes close to rivaling last year's fan-made Summer Sale promo video, let's watch it again.)
I foolishly picked up a plastic honey bear that was in a pot of boiling water, and the honey squirted out all over the palm of my hand. Immediately, I ran it under cold water, and then I ran to get your book because I knew there was something I could put on burns that was natural: mustard.
I had mustard in the fridge, and I poured it all over the palm of my hand. It still burned like the devil, but I left it on while I read more. I put more mustard on, wrapped gauze bandage around it and left it on for a while until the pain subsided.
I babied the hand and was afraid it would blister. The pain did ease enough for me to go to the mall in the afternoon. The palm was a little mottled pink, and I really didn't notice for a couple of days that I apparently didn't get any mustard between the pinky and ring finger over to the first knuckle. That is where a huge blister appeared! To me, that proves the mustard worked; otherwise, the whole palm of my hand would have been blistered. Thank you.
We have heard from other readers that cold yellow mustard can soothe a kitchen burn. Soy sauce has a similar reputation, and several people have reported blistering on a burn where they neglected to put soy sauce, although the rest of the burned area recovered well.
Cold water is the first measure to be taken, just as you did. Bad burns always require prompt medical attention.
I loved the recipe you gave for fennel tea to relieve a sore throat and sinus problems. Is there a book that would have similar home remedies, like teas for common symptoms? I have been searching for an easy-to-use natural remedies resource.
We recently brought out "Favorite Home Remedies From The People's Pharmacy." It has dozens of home remedies from readers for health problems from acne and allergies to vertigo and warts (online at peoplespharmacy.com). With the cost of medicine so high, home remedies may be an economical solution for common complaints.
You recently had a story in which a person reported that zinc oxide worked for hemorrhoids. This made me laugh and brought back the memory of a dear family friend who has been dead for more than 45 years.
Mrs. H. had a growth removed from her face and was given a prescription for zinc-oxide cream. She found it so helpful that when her hemorrhoids acted up, she applied some to them and got great relief. I was a college girl when I heard her tell my mother about doing this.
There is not much scientific evidence that zinc oxide will calm the burning and itching from hemorrhoids. It does seem to be safe for external use, however.
I was on omeprazole for gastroesophageal reflux for several years until I saw a PBS program on heartburn and acid-reflux problems. The expert said the worst culprit for heartburn is refined sugar!
Not one doctor I had ever seen mentioned avoiding refined sugar. I had eliminated all other foods that are supposed to be a problem, such as caffeine, alcohol and spicy foods.
The day after this TV program more than a year ago, I stopped eating refined sugar and stopped taking the medicine. I'm very strict now with my diet and get any sugar I want just from eating fruit. I have not had to take the medicine since then.
Avoiding refined carbohydrates does seem to ease reflux (Digestive Diseases and Sciences, August 2006).
Ambien made me sleepwalk, sleep-eat and sleep-drive! I would wake up with food in my bed, not remembering anything that happened.
My mother said I would walk into the living room and start talking to her. I had no recollection this had happened.
A year ago, I woke in the hospital with a broken femur, ankle and patella, a fractured skull and a broken finger. I had been sleep-driving!
I never wear pajamas when I drive, but I had my pj's on when they found me, so I believe I went sleepwalking to the car, started driving and totaled my car!
We have heard from many others that sleep-driving may be a complication of using Ambien (zolpidem). A police officer shared the following: "I took one Ambien CR after a meal and went to bed. Some time after that I proceeded to get up, get dressed and leave my home in my personal vehicle. I was involved in a crash. As a result of the accident, I was arrested and lost my job."
Ambien is not the only sleeping pill that may lead to bizarre behavior. According to the ad for Lunesta, "After taking Lunesta, you may get up out of bed while not being fully awake and do an activity that you do not know you are doing. The next morning, you may not remember that you did anything during the night. ... Reported activities include: driving a car ('sleep-driving'), making and eating food, talking on the phone, having sex, sleep-walking."
We are sending you our "Guide to Getting a Good Night's Sleep," in which we discuss the pros and cons of sleeping pills and offer several nondrug approaches. Anyone who would like a copy, please send $3 in check or money order with a long (No. 10), stamped (59 cents), self-addressed envelope to: Graedons' People's Pharmacy, No. I-70, P.O. Box 52027, Durham, NC 27717-2027. It also can be downloaded for $2 from our Web site at peoplespharm acy.com.
The cold weather has exacerbated my Raynaud's disease. I was told Viagra could help this condition since it opens the blood vessels. Would it help me?
Several years ago an article in the journal Circulation (Nov. 8, 2005) suggested Viagra might help victims of Raynaud's disease when other treatments fail. A more recent review (Expert Opinion on Investigational Drugs, January 2009) confirms the possibility that drugs for erectile dysfunction (Cialis, Levitra, Viagra) might be beneficial.
These drugs are very expensive, though, and more research is needed before they should be used to treat this painful circulatory condition that makes fingers turn blue or white when cold. The Food and Drug Administration has not approved such medications for Raynaud's.
In their column, Joe and Teresa Graedon answer letters from readers. Write to them in care of this newspaper or e-mail them via their Web site.
The memorial was discovered at Dublin Airport's Terminal One (Picture: Getty Images)
Airports are forever warning passengers not to leave any items unattended.
And one thing you most definitely should not forget, is a headstone with ‘you will never be forgotten' engraved on it.
Stinky couple who smelt like vomit, BO and feet break into family's house to shower
But unfortunately for one person, that is exactly what happened.
The memorial was discovered at Dublin Airport's Terminal One drop-off point a few years ago, according to DAA spokeswoman Audrey O'Hagan.
And it is just one of dozens of items that have been left behind at the airport – along with human ashes, false teeth and a glass eye.
All of the items that are discovered on the grounds make their way to the airport's lost and found section (Picture: Getty Images)
Ms O'Hagan said: ‘Some miraculous recoveries have taken place within the terminals'.
Advertisement
Advertisement
Other items that have been forgotten include crutches, wheelchairs, and a life-size mannequin.
Horrific video shows boy 'break his back' after falling through school gym ceiling
According to the Herald, one of the most recent incidents saw a passenger forced to abandon a large boulder from an Irish beach.
They had been attempting to take it home as a souvenir for their garden – however it weighed 15kg.
All of the items that are discovered on the grounds make their way to the airport's lost and found section, where they can be reclaimed within a year.
Unless they are alive of course… like the turtle that someone recently attempted to smuggle onto a plane.
Luckily their family member was still in the area and was able to come and pick up the little guy.
Phew.
Dr. Oz is having a rough month. First we have a report that a doctor that was on his show Lindsey Duncan was not a doctor, and now the report that a fraudulent study Dr. Oz used to promote Green Coffee Beans for weight loss has been retracted. Here is the latest on the Green Coffee Bean Extract scam.
Green Coffee Bean Extract Scam Claims
Here is a video clip of Dr. Oz promoting Green Coffee Bean Extract using the fraudulent study with the help of the fake Dr. Lindsey Duncan.
Green Coffee Bean Extract Scam Reality
The study that was used in the above video was so flawed that it has been retracted by the authors of the study.
“The sponsors of the study cannot assure the validity of the data so we, Joe Vinson and Bryan Burnham, are retracting the paper.”
Randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled, linear dose, crossover study to evaluate the efficacy and safety of a green coffee bean extract in overweight subjects [Retraction]
Here's what the FTC said about the fraudulent study before it was retracted:
In 2010, Austin, Texas-based AFS paid researchers in India to conduct a clinical trial on overweight adults to test whether Green Coffee Antioxidant (GCA), a dietary supplement containing green coffee extract, reduced body weight and body fat.
The FTC charges that the study's lead investigator repeatedly altered the weights and other key measurements of the subjects, changed the length of the trial, and misstated which subjects were taking the placebo or GCA during the trial. When the lead investigator was unable to get the study published, the FTC says that AFS hired researchers Joe Vinson and Bryan Burnham at the University of Scranton to rewrite it. Despite receiving conflicting data, Vinson, Burnham, and AFS never verified the authenticity of the information used in the study, according to the complaint. – Source FTC
Green Coffee Bean Extract Scam Conclusion
In my opinion I have some very serious concerns about the information that Dr. Oz is sharing with the public. How is it that he can't tell the difference between a fake doctor and a fraudulent study? You would think that Dr. Oz would be aware of the 7 claims that the FTC provides for fake weight loss products.
To help you avoid being scammed by weight loss con men and women with fake products here are 7 claims experts say simply are not true and are a sign of a scam.
Causes weight loss of two pounds or more a week for a month or more without dieting or exercise ; Causes substantial weight loss no matter what or how much the consumer eats; Causes permanent weight loss even after the consumer stops using product; Blocks the absorption of fat or calories to enable consumers to lose substantial weight; Safely enables consumers to lose more than three pounds per week for more than four weeks; Causes substantial weight loss for all users; or Causes substantial weight loss by wearing a product on the body or rubbing it into the skin.
– Source FTC
Houston
LAST week was the 35th anniversary of the return of the American death penalty. It remains as racist and as random as ever.
Several years after the death penalty was reinstated in 1976, a University of Iowa law professor, David C. Baldus (who died last month), along with two colleagues, published a study examining more than 2,000 homicides that took place in Georgia beginning in 1972. They found that black defendants were 1.7 times more likely to receive the death penalty than white defendants and that murderers of white victims were 4.3 times more likely to be sentenced to death than those who killed blacks.
What became known as the Baldus study was the centerpiece of the Supreme Court's 1987 decision in McCleskey v. Kemp. That case involved a black man, Warren McCleskey, who was sentenced to die for murdering a white Atlanta police officer. Mr. McCleskey argued that the Baldus study established that his death sentence was tainted by racial bias. In a 5-to-4 decision, the Supreme Court ruled that general patterns of discrimination do not prove that racial discrimination operated in particular cases.
Of course, the court had to say that, or America's capital justice system would have screeched to a halt. Georgia is not special. Nationwide, blacks and whites are victims of homicide in roughly equal numbers, yet 80 percent of those executed had murdered white people. Over the past three decades, the Baldus study has been replicated in about a dozen other jurisdictions, and they all reflect the same basic racial bias. By insisting on direct evidence of racial discrimination, the court in McCleskey essentially made the fact of pervasive racism legally irrelevant, because prosecutors rarely write e-mails announcing they are seeking death in a given case because the murderer was black (or because the victim was white).
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
In Texas, though, they do come close. In 2008, the district attorney of Harris County, Chuck Rosenthal, resigned after news emerged that he had sent and received racist e-mails. His office had sought the death penalty in 25 cases; his successor has sought it in 7. Of the total 32 cases, 29 involve a nonwhite defendant.
Have you noticed that there has been (rather surprisingly) very little public outrage over Johnny Depp being cast as Tonto in "The Lone Ranger"? That's because Disney, in true Tonto style, head it off at the pass.
Depp plays the Ranger's Native American partner in the upcoming multi-million dollar extravaganza that reunites the superstar with his "Pirates of the Caribbean" director (for the first three installments, anyway), Gore Verbinski. Disney wants "The Lone Ranger" to follow in the footsteps of "Pirates" and become a major franchise for the studio, a mission that included making sure that Depp's casting didn't offend the Native American community.
Disney, as always, played it smart and savvy. The studio -- and Depp -- embarked on a broad outreach program early in pre-production, courting Native American approval long before cameras rolled by having several Native American leaders involved in the script's development. During filming, Depp -- who has identified himself of being of Native American ancestry -- was adopted into the Comanche Nation via a private ceremony in the presence of then-tribal chairman Johnny Wauqua. Disney even had local Navajo elders perform a Navajo blessing before production commenced in Monument Valley, and LaDonna Harris, a leader of the Americans For Indian Opportunity, was invited on set. The good relations continued after production wrapped, with Depp flying to Lawton, Oklahoma to join "his people" at the Comanche Nation Fair.
Disney has also created a character worthy of all of this attention and approval. The Tonto of the 1950s television show of spoke broken English and lacked character depth, serving as little more than an amusing sidekick to the heroic Ranger. Depp's Tonto is claimed to be an authentic portrayal of the character's rich Comanche heritage.
Chris Eyre, the Native American director of "Smoke Signals" and TV's "Freedom Riders," approves of Disney's approach. "I'm not looking to this movie to be the Native 'Schindler's List,'" says Eyre. "But I completely respect Johnny Depp for making this movie happen and for him to try and rewrite Tonto for a new generation."
With this revisionist take on Tonto, Disney hopes to not only wipe away the insensitivity of the old "Lone Ranger" television show but also its own controversial past regarding Native American characters. The studio's 1995 animated feature, "Pocohontas," was criticized for fostering negative stereotypes of Native Americans, particularly through one of the film's key songs, "Savages."
We'll have to see if all of these good intentions translate into box office dollars. "The Lone Ranger" certainly has the potential to be a "Pirates"-sized hit (though, let's face it, it's highly unlikely) -- or it could be a gigantic flop of "Wild Wild West" proportions. The film hits theaters on July 3.
See the trailer for 'The Lone Ranger':
The Kentucky Wildcats will lose their top seven scorers -- Karl-Anthony Towns, Willie Cauley-Stein, Devin Booker, Trey Lyles, Dakari Johnson, Andrew Harrison and Aaron Harrison -- to the NBA draft from the team that won 38 straight games before losing in the national semifinals.
Towns and Cauley-Stein are both considered lottery picks by NBA executives. Towns are likely to go either first or second overall, along with Duke freshman Jahlil Okafor -- who also declared for the draft Thursday.
Editor's Picks Kentucky's mass exodus leaves intrigue behind Kentucky lost seven players to the NBA draft, but John Calipari is used to it. As usual, the Wildcats will still be a force next season.
Borzello: Who could be coming to Kentucky? A look at the holes the Kentucky Wildcats have to fill, and which available prospects could step into those roles. 1 Related
"This was a decision that had to be made, and now is the time to go," Cauley-Stein said.
Booker, a freshman shooting guard, is also considered a likely lottery pick after shooting 41 percent from beyond the arc this season.
Lyles, a skilled 6-foot-9 forward, averaged 8.7 points and 5.2 rebounds in 23 minutes per game. According to several NBA executives, Lyles will likely be chosen somewhere in the 15-25 range. The 6-11 Johnson is also leaving despite averaging just 6.4 points and 4.6 boards in 16.3 minutes per contest as a sophomore. Johnson, according to NBA guys, is projected as a fringe first-rounder.
Andrew and Aaron Harrison, who arrived at Kentucky as McDonald's All Americans and projected one-and-dones, have decided to leave after their sophomore campaigns. Aaron led the team in scoring at 11 points per game while Andrew averaged 9.3 points and led the team in assists.
After ESPN.com consulted more than 10 NBA executives regarding their draft stock, the consensus was that the twins will both likely be selected somewhere in the second round.
"It was a tough decision for all of us, but we wanted to chase our dreams," Aaron Harrison said.
The NBA draft is June 25.
Karl-Anthony Towns averaged 9.7 points, 6.7 rebounds and 2.4 blocks per game for Kentucky during his freshman season. Andy Lyons/Getty Images
The losses account for 85 percent of Kentucky's scoring from this past season and 77 percent of its rebounding.
"If Alex Poythress doesn't get hurt, it would've been eight," coach John Calipari said, referring to the junior forward who sustained a season-ending torn knee ligament in December.
The only key players returning for Kentucky will be freshman point guard Tyler Ulis, athletic forward Marcus Lee and possibly Poythress, who is still weighing his options, according to Calipari. Ulis should step into the starting role, but Lee's role is up in the air with another strong recruiting class coming into Lexington.
Calipari and his staff already have commitments from three top-50 players in the ESPN 100 rankings: skilled big man Skal Labissiere (ranked No. 3), point guard Isaiah Briscoe (No. 13) and wing Charles Matthews (No. 42).
The Wildcats are also still in the mix for several remaining top prospects who have yet to make their decisions, including scoring guard Malik Newman (No. 4), big man Cheick Diallo (No. 11) and smooth wing Brandon Ingram (No. 12). Seven of the top players in the Class of 2015 have yet to make their decisions.
Big Blue NBA Nation? The Kentucky Wildcats already share the record for most players from one school to be selected in an NBA draft since 1966. Year School Picks Draft* 2012 Kentucky 6 60 1977 UNLV 6 170 1972 North Carolina 6 198 * Total number of picks in NBA draft that year
Information from The Associated Press was used in this report.
Sleepy Hollow will get a post-Abbie chapter. Fox has renewed the supernatural drama series for a fourth season. Additionally, the network has formally canceled freshman dramas Minority Report and Second Chance. While no first-year Fox comedy made it to a second season, three hourlong series did, dramas Rosewood and Lucifer and horror dramedy Scream Queens.
Sleepy Hollow, inspired by Washington Irving's story, had been on the bubble, with its most recent third season only able to crack the 1 adults 18-49 Live+same day demo rating a couple of times, ending with a 0.7 in the demo and 3 million viewers (Live+same day) for the season finale on Friday night. But the series has logged solid DVR gains and is profitable for sister studio 20th Century Fox TV with strong international sales, which likely weighed in on the renewal decision.
Spoiler Alert!: Sleepy Hollow ended its third season with two back-to-back demises of regular characters in the last two episodes, including the shocking exit of female lead Nicole Beharie (Abbie) in the finale. “We have some exciting scenarios and new avenues we want to explore,” the producers said about Season 4 at the time the finale aired.
As for Minority Report, the series had a very recognizable title, being based on the Steven Spielberg-Tom Cruise movie, and a charismatic female star in Meagan Good. It also was backed by a big marketing campaign but never clicked with viewers. There were no real expectations for the Frankenstein-themed midseason drama Second Chance, which quickly was dispatched to Fridays after a low start on Wednesday.
Sleepy Hollow, from 20th TV and K/O Paper Products, was created by Alex Kurtzman, Roberto Orci, Phillip Iscove and Len Wiseman. Kurtzman, Orci and Wiseman executive produce alongside Clifton Campbell, Albert Kim, Russell Fine, Raven Metzner and Heather Kadin.
Star Tom Mison as Ichabod Crane leads the returning cast, which also includes Lyndie Greenwood as Jenny Mills, Lance Gross as Daniel Reynolds and Jessica Camacho as Sophie Foster.
If you have a friend who has a baby boy on the way, do you know what you are going to give her at the baby shower? You want to give something that is meaningful and comes from the heart, but that will also come in handy for a mom. So, what is it going to be?
Well, if you are handy with a sewing machine, there are a few good options available for you. Personalized baby boy quilts are a wonderful DIY gift that you can take to your friend at her baby shower. You can do it in just a few easy steps, which are listed below:
1. Decide on fabric and a pattern.
Plenty of ideas can be found online.
2. Cut out the pattern.
This is one of the more delicate steps in the process. It has to be done precisely or the quilt won't come out right.
3. Sew blocks together.
Create the pattern of your choice by sewing the blocks together. Do so with a ¼” seam allowance.
4. Put a border around the quilt.
This is an optional step, but if you don't have enough blocks to make the quilt as big as you had planned, the border can help.
5. Choose batting.
High loft batting makes for a thicker and warmer quilt, but low loft batting is easier to put together.
6. Choose to back material.
Backing material has to be a few inches bigger than the quilt from every side.
7. Baste the three layers to one another.
Sew them together with a thread. Remove the thread afterward.
8. Sew everything together.
Use your sewing machine for this part.
9. Finish the edges of the quilt.
You may have to remove the basting here.
10. Personalize the quilt.
You can write the boy's name (if the mother has decided on one yet) or a short inspirational message.
Now that you're your friend's resident expert of sewing personalized baby items, you already know what do when her son's baptism is coming up – personalized baptism bibs !
Belgium has opened a preliminary investigation to determine if its jets were responsible for civilian casualties on at least two occasions in Iraq. One probe seeks to establish whether a Belgian F-16 was involved in the March 17 strike which killed over 200 people.
In one of the deadliest single incidents of the Mosul siege, hundreds of people lost their lives in the al-Jadida neighborhood on March 17 from what the initial reports indicated to be a US-led coalition airstrike.
Read more
With the exact number of casualties still unclear, Mosul's municipality chief, Abdul Sattar al-Habbo, who was supervising the rescue, said 240 bodies had been pulled from the rubble.
Confirming that the US is conducting its own investigation into the March 17 incident, the Pentagon earlier this week admitted that its air power could have been behind the deadly strike.
Following suit, Belgium which is part of the anti-IS (Islamic State, formerly ISIS/ISIL) coalition, also announced that it will now examine whether its jets might have been involved in targeting civilian sites on the least two occasion on March 17.
“We have opened a preliminary investigation to establish... whether all procedures were observed during two incidents,” prosecutors' spokesman Eric Van Der Sypt told AFP on Friday. “If rules of engagement were properly observed... it is possible that no crime was committed.”
Belgian MP Wouter De Vriendt told VRT newscast that the case involved strikes carried out by Belgian F-16 fighter jets on March 17.
Belgium is one of 66 countries that the US has called on to help defeat IS terrorists in Iraq and Syria. The Benelux country is contributing to the US-led coalition by offering approximately 35 personnel for strike operations in Iraq deploying its fleet of six 6 F-16A/Bs based in Jordan. In addition, Brussels has dispatched approximately 120 personnel to support air-combat missions.
Read more
With separate American and Belgian investigations underway, the US-led coalition consistently reminds the media that IS often use civilians as human shields.
Investigators are now trying to determine whether civilians were forced into buildings before it was struck by coalition forces or whether jihadists destroyed the building themselves.
The Iraqi War Media Cell said the building could have been blown up by terrorists who “booby-trapped” the building. “No hole or other indication” was discovered to suggest that the US coalition had struck the building directly, it said.
The probes into the civilian death toll, including the March 17 strike coincides with continued reports that hundreds of Mosul residents are being killed by airstrikes in their homes following repeated instructions from Iraqi authorities not to leave the safety of their residence.
The new Anne Arundel County executive pulled the plug on an extensive closed circuit surveillance system set up by her predecessor.
Laura Neuman was on the job just one day when someone unexpectedly greeted her when she arrived at the office.
Turns out it was the operator of an electronic camera network throughout the county government complex.
It included some 500 cameras maintained by a contractor and monitored by the police. The cameras were apparently financed at least in part with Homeland Security money.
Turns out the system had been authorized by former executive John Leopold, who resigned after he was convicted of misconduct in office.
Neuman fired the contractor immediately, The Sun reported.
Many county officials said they did not know about the system which continues to operate but the computer controls have been disabled pending further investigation.
It appears that there were no cameras in restrooms or other inappropriate area.
Manchester United and Manchester City will face no further action over the tunnel fracas earlier this month, the FA has said.
A statement from English football's governing body said: “Following a review of the evidence provided by the clubs and independent eyewitnesses The FA will be taking no formal action."
Players and staff became embroiled in a brawl after City's 2-1 win at Old Trafford, with the two clubs blaming each other for the melee.
United claimed their rivals' excessive celebrations sparked the scuffle, however City suggested that United manager Jose Mourinho provoked a reaction among their players by acting aggressively.
City coach Mikel Arteta emerged with a cut to his face, while reports suggested United striker Romelu Lukaku had thrown a bottle - a claim which prompted Mourinho to challenge the accusers to show evidence.
City's victory, secured with a second-half goal from Nicolas Otamendi, was seen as crucial in the title race, giving them a huge 11-point lead over United.
The feud between the two clubs has shown no sign of softening in the fortnight since the Old Trafford match, with Mourinho criticising City for a lack of respect and City players filmed singing a derogatory song about the United manager following their 4-1 victory over Tottenham at the Etihad Stadium.
Athens
DEMOCRACY is like a bicycle: if you don't keep pedaling, you fall. Unfortunately, the bicycle of Greek democracy has long been broken. After the military junta collapsed in 1974, Greece created only a hybrid, diluted form of democracy. You can vote, belong to a party and protest. In essence, however, a small clique exercises all meaningful political power.
For all that has been said about the Greek crisis, much has been left unsaid. The crisis has become a battleground of interests and ideologies. At stake is the role of the public sector and the welfare state. Yes, in Greece we have a dysfunctional public sector; for the past 40 years the ruling parties handed out government jobs to their supporters, regardless of their qualifications.
But the real problem with the public sector is the tiny elite of business people who live off the Greek state while passing themselves off as “entrepreneurs.” They bribe politicians to get fat government contracts, usually at inflated prices. They also own many of the country's media outlets, and thus manage to ensure that their actions are clothed in silence. Sometimes they'll even buy a soccer team in order to drum up popular support and shield their crimes behind popular protection, as the drug lord Pablo Escobar did in Colombia, and as the paramilitary leader Arkan did in Serbia.
In 2011, Evangelos Venizelos, who was then the finance minister and is now the leader of the socialist party, Pasok, instituted a new property-tax law. But for properties larger than 2,000 square meters — about 21,000 square feet — the tax was reduced by 60 percent. Mr. Venizelos thus carved out a big exemption for the only people who could afford to pay the tax: the rich. (Mr. Venizelos is also the man responsible for a law granting broad immunity to government ministers.)
THE plight of the Brain family facing deportation from Scotland has put the controversial scrapping of graduate work visas in the spotlight. And now it has been claimed that Scotland is losing out under the scheme which replaced it because of lower average starting salaries for newly qualified students north of the border, according to a leading university think-tank.
Kathryn and Gregg Brain moved to Scotland from Australia in June 2011 with their son Lachlan on Kathryn's student visa, with the intention of moving to a two-year post-study work visa after completing her studies.
READ MORE: Brain family face 'no imminent risk of deportation', Government says
However, shortly before they arrived the Home Office announced that scheme, which allowed students from outside the EU to remain and work in Scotland for two years after graduation, was being cancelled.
Under the new system – known as Tier 2 visas – graduates now have to secure a role with a registered sponsor which pays above a certain salary threshold. However, the lower average salary levels north of the border means Scotland is now at a disadvantage in being able to attract international students to live and work here, according to research carried out on behalf of university think-tank A Million +.
It found the average salary for graduates aged between 22 and 24 is £18,600 in Scotland – well below the minimum £20,800 required for a Tier 2 application. The figure for men in Scotland almost meets the threshold at £20,600, but the average for women is just £17,000.
The only region where the typical starting salary for both men and women is higher than the required level is in London, where it averages out at £23,900.
Pam Tatlow, chief executive of Million +, said: “We have argued with the UK Government that there are two problems with the Tier 2 route. One is that it is complex for employers, particularly for small employers.
“A second and important problem is that Tier 2 is linked to salary thresholds – it is about £20,800 and Scotland is typical of many parts of the UK, where the average is lower.”
She added: “This is a barrier both to universities operating in the international market, but also a barrier in terms of talent coming into the country.”
Gregg Brain said at the time the scrapping of the post-study work visas was announced they had already sold their house, shipped their belongings and were unaware of the announcement of the change in rules, which came into effect in 2012.
READ MORE: Viking, Punjabi or Gaelic: why are we obsessed with where we come from?
The Brains, who live in Dingwall, are now in the situation that while their leave to stay in the UK runs out on Tuesday, they have both been offered jobs and are hoping to be given time to apply for a Tier 2 visa. Following publicity over their case, UK Immigration Minister James Brokenshire last week said the family does not face an “imminent risk of deportation”.
Gregg Brain said: “A one-size-fits-all immigration policy for the entirety of the UK simply isn't working and my own case underlines that.
“We are a family living and working in a sparsely populated and economically depressed area of the country, paying our own way, paying taxes and bringing with us a six-figure sum from our house sale which has been invested in this country.”
Ian Blackford, SNP MP for Ross, Skye and Lochaber, who has been fighting the Brain family's case, pointed out they had come to Scotland in “good faith”.
In March this year, a cross-party group in the Scottish Parliament recommended the reintroduction of a post-study work visa and published recommendations for how it could be achieved.
However a spokesman for the Scottish Government said the UK Government had failed to “meaningfully engage” on the issue.
He said: “Scotland's immigration needs are different to those of the rest of the UK and the return of a post study work route would be an important economic lever of great benefit to Scotland.
“The Scottish Government has been calling for the return of the post study visa over a period of years now and we have overwhelming support for this issue in Scotland, across all major political parties, industry and throughout academia.
“Despite this, the UK Government has failed to positively and meaningfully engage with the Scottish Government to change the current system, and has not delivered on the Smith Commission recommendation in this area.”
The Home Office pointed to a previous report by the Migration Advisory Committee, saying it had not found a clear case for differentiation of income thresholds between the UK countries and as full-time earnings in Scotland are close to the UK average, adopting a regional approach for Tier 2 visas could lead to higher salary requirements in Scotland.
READ MORE: Brain family face 'no imminent risk of deportation', Government says
It said it could not comment further than statements made last week by Immigration Minister James Brokenshire as the Brain family was still an ongoing case.
Phil Taylor: Around the league, there was a growing sense during that season that no one was beating Michael that year. It was almost a resignation.
Phil Jackson (head coach, Chicago Bulls) (via): The day of the big game—against the Bucks—TV helicopters shadowed our team bus all the way to Milwaukee, with crowds massed at the overpasses on the interstate holding up signs of support.
Butch Carter (assistant coach, Milwaukee Bucks): We were hoping and praying someone would beat them before they came to our place.
Terry Cummings (forward, Milwaukee Bucks): I just told all the guys, “This is about pride. They're going to make history but let them make it with somebody else but not with us.”
Vin Baker (forward/center, Milwaukee Bucks): We weren't a playoff bound team, so that was our championship game to hopefully stop history.
Butch Carter: The six years I spent there, that night was the livest the building ever was.
Vin Baker: There were a lot of Bulls fans. That was always the case when I was there. The Bulls were so successful, so seeing all their jerseys in the Bradley Center, that was something we were accustomed to.
Ahmad Rashad: Their season was like a tour. Every night it was the biggest game in town. Every single game there were people that surrounded the hotel, there's nothing quite like that probably before or since.
Butch Carter: We played as well as we could for three quarters. [Ed. Note: The Bucks led 68-62 after three quarters, but were held to 12 points in the fourth. The Bulls came back and won 86-80, setting the wins record. Baker finished with a game-high 28 points.]
Shawn Respert (guard, Milwaukee Bucks): When the Bulls took over, you would just hold your breath. You knew something was coming, you knew there was a storm front, but you just didn't know when it was going to hit. No matter how much of a punch you gave them, they just didn't stagger. They just had a self confidence about them.
Vin Baker: For me, being on the other end of history, I was really dejected and hurt. I cried in the locker room because it reminded me of being at University of Hartford and always having be second to the University of Connecticut. I just couldn't get over this hump of being this second team in the area.
John Salley: I got Michael's sneakers autographed from that game. He usually gives them to the ball boy, but I stepped in that night and was like, “Young fella, I'm sorry, but I need these sneakers.” I don't even know where my birth certificate is, but I know where those sneakers are right now.
Ron Harper: Before the playoffs, Scottie and I went to eat, and we were just throwing out ideas, 72-10 this, 72-10 that. I said to Scottie, “I got one. 72-10 don't mean a thing without the ring.” He's like, “That's kinda hot.” We were just playing around when we said it, but Scottie had a good friend who made t-shirts. So we called him up, and told him our t-shirt idea. We wore them all throughout the playoffs.
BY: Follow @LizWFB
Adding millions of workers through comprehensive immigration reform would have a devastating impact to an already poor economy, according to a growing number of Republicans in Congress.
Analyses of the Senate's "Gang of Eight" bill show that the legislation would add 30 million additional immigrants to the United States over the next decade, at a time when the number of Americans not in the labor force has reached record highs.
"Granting amnesty to untold millions of illegal immigrants will flood our job markets and reduce wages and employment for those hard-working immigrants and lower-income workers who have followed our laws," Rep. Lou Barletta (R., Pa.) told the Washington Free Beacon.
One of the major reasons Rep. Walter Jones (R., N.C.) opposes the Senate bill is the impact it would have on the economy.
"Congressman Jones has consistently expressed his staunch opposition to the Senate bill—and any other legislation that provides a pathway to citizenship for illegal immigrants—for a variety of reasons, not the least of which is the fact that amnesty would allow individuals who have cheated the system and entered the country illegally to take jobs that could otherwise be filled by lawful citizens," his spokesperson Sarah Howard said.
"Congressman Jones believes that it is imperative that we secure our borders and not reward those who have broken our laws," she said.
According to the Economic Policy Institute, the unemployed far outstrip the number of available jobs in every major industry in the current economy.
For instance, in the retail industry there are over 1.2 million unemployed workers and only about 400,000 job openings. In construction, there are fewer than 200,000 job openings for the 1 million workers out of a job.
Experts say adding millions more to the labor force would harm working class Americans by taking away jobs and lowering wages. The Congressional Budget Office has estimated wages would decline by 0.1 percent in the first decade of the Gang of Eight bills.
Moreover, the Center for Immigration Studies found that the bill would add four times more guest workers than the reforms proposed in 2007. The number of temporary workers would increase by 1.6 million in the first year alone.
"First thing to keep in mind is it's not a good time to push through anything even remotely resembling the Gang of Eight bills," said Peter Kirsanow, a member of the U.S. Commission on Civil Rights, in an interview. "Even in a roaring economy it would be a spectacularly bad idea."
"This is really bizarre," he said. "I don't want to overstate the issue, but supposedly well-informed political leaders are doing something so blatantly boneheaded as introducing a bill that the net effect is going to increase immigration, both amnesty for 11 million and millions of guest workers, dramatically."
Sen. David Vitter (R., La.) said Americans in lower-skilled industries would be the hardest hit by a Gang of Eight type bills.
"I've been a strong opponent of the bill and the set of concepts from the very beginning, and one of my big concerns is that it would clearly push down wage rates in the U.S.," Vitter said in an interview. "And the folks it would hurt the most are lower skilled, less educated workers who are really, really struggling now as it is."
"I think this is, at this point, very, very well documented," he said.
Vitter pointed to the work of George Borjas, a Harvard economist, who has found that illegal immigration reduces American wages by roughly $100 billion a year.
"I think it's very clear this is going to take an already tough situation and make it significantly worse," Vitter said. "And it would affect folks across the spectrum of jobs and incomes, but clearly the ones worst hit would be lower skilled, less educated workers."
President Barack Obama is attempting to bring immigration reform to the forefront, meeting with top CEOs this week in an attempt to persuade House Republicans to take up comprehensive reforms. Last week, President Obama met with Sen. John McCain (R., Ariz.), a member of the Gang of Eight and supporter of past amnesty bills, to "plot strategy" for passing a Senate-like bill.
It is not likely the House will take up immigration reform this year, though Republicans are working on a piecemeal approach to deal with issues such as border security and a version of the DREAM Act.
Vitter cautioned the House against passing legislation that could be used to go to conference committee with the Senate bill.
"I'm very hopeful the House will never take up the Gang of Eight bills, per se, and then if that's true from my perspective the next big danger is they would take up some set of bills that would still lead to a sort of Gang of Eight conference committees," he said. "I think we have to be very careful about that."
"I do favor a targeted, step-by-step approach," Vitter said. "Let's focus on enforcement first, and get that done in important ways, not just promise it for the twentieth time."
Kirsanow also warned against believing the promises of border security in exchange for amnesty.
"I would simply refer anyone to the Secure Fence Act of 2006," he said. "We were told that the border was going to be secured with a 700-mile fence. And here we are seven years later and we've got 30-some miles of fence."
Any promises of border security in the Gang of Eight bills, Kirsanow said, is contingent of the Obama administration's willingness to enforce them.
"That's the cartoon strip with Charlie Brown, Lucy, and the football," he said.
Signup to receive a daily roundup of the top LGBT+ news stories from around the world
The President of Uganda on signing into law a bill harshening penalties for those arrested for being gay, made ludicrous claims that gay people give each other worms through sex, and that people are only gay because they have sex for money.
President Museveni signed the bill in front of politicians and reporters on Monday at 1.54pm (10.54am GMT) at State House, his official residence in Entebbe.
The law calls for first-time offenders to be sentenced to 14 years in prison and makes it a criminal offence not to report someone for being gay.
Lesbians are covered by the bill for the first time.
On signing the bill, the president questioned why gay men “failed” to be attracted to women, described them as “mercenaries” who have sex for money, expressed displeasure at the idea of oral sex and claimed that he had “listened to scientists” as a basis for his claims.
Going on, he also said that there was something “really wrong” with gay people, and that he is “prepared” to be on a collision course with the west over the law.
He said: “I have failed to understand that you can fail to be attracted to all these beautiful women and be attracted to a man.”
“That is a really serious matter. There is something really wrong with you,” he said.
“Homosexuals are actually mercenaries. They are heterosexual people but because of money they say they are homosexuals. These are prostitutes because of money,” he said, asserting that he had taken the time to get scientific advice before signing off on the law.
“No study has shown you can be homosexual by nature. That man can choose to love a man… is a matter of choice. After listening to the scientists, I got the facts. Can somebody be homosexual simply by nature? The answer is no.”
Describing oral sex as a “culture”, and the mouth as an “address”, he went on to say that it was “engineered for kissing”, and that the mouth was not meant for oral sex.
He said: “One of the cultures that we detest is oral sex. The mouth is for picking food, not for sex. We know the address for sex. That address is not for sex,” he said. “The mouth is for eating not for sex. The mouth is engineered for kissing.
“It is not healthy. You can contract STDs. You push the mouth there, you can come back with worms and they enter your stomach because that is a wrong address. You can also contract Hepatitis B.”
Blaming the West for the presence of gay people in Uganda, he said “arrogant and careless Western groups” had been “coming in our schools and recruiting homosexuals into homosexuality and lesbianism”.
“Initially I have not paid attention to it because I was busy with the immediate issues of defence, security, electricity, the roads.”
“When finally, when I concentrated my mind on it, I distilled three problems: number one, those who are promoting homosexuality and recruiting normal people to it. Secondly, as a consequence of number one, many of those recruited, are doing so for mercenary reasons. To get money. In effect, homosexual prostitutes. These mercenary homosexual prostitutes have to be punished. Just like those who are recruiting them.”
“Number three, homosexuals exhibiting themselves. Exhibition of homosexuals, advertising yourself that you are homosexual.”
Concluding, he addressed criticism from the West for the law. Critics include Deputy Prime Minister Nick Clegg, Foreign Secretary William Hague, EU foreign policy chief Baroness Ashton and US President Barack Obama.
“I advise friends from the West not to make this an issue because if they make it an issue the more they will lose,” he said. “This is social imperialism. To impose social values of one group on our society.
“I would advise Western countries, this is a no-go area… I don't mind being in a collision course with the West. I am prepared.”
Zidane's Real Madrid is, first and foremost, a team. That fact has been very much demonstrated in the first two games of the new year and is backed up by the numbers: practically every member of thehas scored at least one goal so far this season. In fact, 20 of the 21 outfield players have now found the net. Casemiro, who capped off the goal fest against Granada, is the latest player to join this list, meaning only Coentrão is yet to have a goal to his name. Cristiano Ronaldo is the madridistas' leading marksman. The Portuguese forward, who also got one against the Andalusian side, has 17 so far. Behind him are three other forwards: Benzema (11), Morata (9) and Bale (8). Asensio is next on six, the only player to have found the net in four competitions.Sergio Ramos is the leading defensive goal scorer, with 5, the same number scored by Mariano. Next sit Isco, James and Varane with one goal fewer. The list is rounded off by Modric, Kroos, Marcelo, Pepe, Danilo, Carvajal, Lucas, Nacho, Kovacic and the recently added Casemiro, all with one goal each. Aside from the 20 players mentioned, Enzo must also be included, since although he is registered in Castilla's squad, he did notch a first team goal against Cultural Leonesa in the Copa del Rey.
It was somewhere around the time that Hannibal Lecter was thin-slicing a dogged and likable FBI agent into his own gory-artful re-imagination of Bodies: The Exhibition that it sank in: He's the bad guy.
NBC's uniformly excellent Hannibal, which wraps up its second season tonight, has been rightfully praised for any number of attributes, from the ever evolving stag-and-mouse duel between lead actors Mads Mikkelsen (as Lecter) and Hugh Dancy (as criminal-profiler Will Graham) to its striking visual palate to its always shocking ability to push the limits of what can be shown on network television. (It damns near ruined mushrooms for me, and I know more about the musical versatility of vocal cords than I ever wanted to know.)
This is a stomach-churning nightmare-juice concoction unlike any ever brewed, let alone one designed for network TV. But showrunner Bryan Fuller's greatest trick is portraying Lecter as the pitiless monster he's always been, the one we've never fully confronted.
Yes, he's an ALL-TIME GREAT VILLAIN—AFI, Total Film, and even your grandma all tell you so—but that's in name only, almost never in deed. The reality is that the Hannibal Lecter we've spent hundreds of millions of dollars canonizing into the pop-culture pantheon over the past decades has never been that bad. He's an overrated monster whose most heinous actions are discussed in hushed tones, but never fully, unflinchingly presented to the public that allegedly fears him. Whether onscreen or on the page, when he goes into action, we're rooting for him, not against him.
Sure, in 1991's Oscar-feted Silence of the Lambs, he murders some guards and wears one of their faces, but those guys were uncultured dicks, right? They sneered at his craving for rare lamb chops. And then there's that smarmy, double-dealing douche Dr. Frederick Chilton: We all had a good laugh at that last scene in Silence, didn't we? "I'm having an old friend for dinner." The takeaway was that Lecter deserved his revenge, after helping Clarice Starling catch an even worse villain, the fashion-forward flayer Jame Gumb. We didn't fear Lecter. We loved him.
Advertisement
The sequel, Hannibal (a 1999 book that begat a 2001 movie), gives us a double-dose of evil: the deformed and demented arch-villain Mason Verger, and (yet again) a weasel-y bureaucrat in Paul Krendler. Verger is a most vile and repugnant creation, and although Lecter is responsible for his face-slashing deformities, that earns Verger little sympathy from reader and viewer alike, as he wants to give our favorite erudite connoisseur of long pig an ironic end by feeding him to a pack of wild boars. Krendler, meanwhile, is a starch-shirt jerk who backstabs Starling; he meets an unsightly end, but a few herbs and a sizzling sauté pan make his passing easier to swallow. The less said about Hannibal Rising (2006 book, 2007 movie), the better, but in brief, it's Lecter versus sister-killing Nazis, for fuck's sake. Who you got?
Lecter wasn't always such a charmer. In his first appearance on film, 1986's Manhunter, he's the jailed puppeteer pulling the evil Tooth Fairy's strings and terrorizing his nemesis, Will Graham: Total dick move, but those nefarious machinations are mostly off-screen. (Red Dragon, the 2002 film based on the 1981 book that first introduced Lecter, retreads this ground, but it feels more like obligation than character exploration.)
NBC's Hannibal, on the other hand, leaves zero doubt about its eponymous killer; the show certainly isn't squeamish about watching Lecter manipulate, kill, and cook. Some of these victims are fellow monsters, of course—perhaps none as nasty as the aforementioned Verger. If any character here was begging for a brutal end, it was Michael Pitt's gleefully gauche pork-empire scion: Not only did his fear of any possible male family heirs drive him to take his own sister's uterus (unauthorized), he was also quite rude to Lecter, which last week earned him some super drugs and the gentle encouragement to cut off and eat his own face. (Again, on network TV!) Human nose tastes like chicken gizzard, it seems. (OK, I admit I cheered a little.)
Advertisement
Lecter, however, has had no problem noshing on the innocent as well: characters we actually like. That sets the table for tonight's finale, and the seating chart is clear: Lecter on one side, Graham and his boss Jack Crawford (Laurence Fishburne) on the other. The only question is, who is serving whom? A bloody kitchen clash between Lecter and Crawford was teased in this season's opening scene, but which side is Graham really on?
If any character has inspired muddied audience sympathies this year, it's Graham, who found himself wrongfully accused and fitted with that famous Lecter mask at the season's start, but is now dabbling in dead-man dioramas of his own in a bid to bait Lecter. He's working for good, but he's becoming awfully bad to do so—a time-honored thriller trope—and that no doubt will come at a cost, mental or physical, to him or to someone he cares for. Someone we care for.
This level of intensity and ambiguity is not for everyone. NBC has ordered a third course of Hannibal, but it doesn't seem like loyal fans were what saved it. The show does have more critical plaudits than a higher-rated casualty like Revolution, but it lacks the rabid following of a doomed media darling like Community; despite (or maybe because of) all the face-slashing theatrics, a rerun of CBS' Blue Bloods in the same time slot last Friday more than doubled Hannibal's rating. DVR helps, of course, but most television experts agree that the key to the show's extended lifespan is a deal with independent studio Gaumont International, which makes the show cheaper to produce than many other options.
Advertisement
So why are fans who voraciously consumed the written and celluloid Lecter so averse to this version of the famed character? Is it possible they just prefer the older, more heroic model? They've elevated him to "iconic villain" status—do they not want to see how that sausage was made? If so, that's too bad. What makes Hannibal so effective is that for all the witty ripostes on repasts, for all the lovely and lavish-looking meals, for all the helpful insights that serve to cut short the reigns of all those other psychopaths, Hannibal Lecter is THE bad guy now. It only took a couple of decades to finally prove it.
The Concourse is Deadspin's home for culture/food/whatever coverage. Follow us on Twitter: @DSconcourse.
September 15, 2016
THE MURDER of Michael Donald, who was abducted, beaten and hung from a tree branch by two Klansmen, has been referred to as the last recorded lynching in the U.S.
But this is not some act from the distant past--the killing took place on March 21, 1981. That was the same year that Sandra Day O'Connor became the first female Supreme Court Justice and the movie Raiders of the Lost Ark premiered in theaters.
The history of Blacks in America is fraught with violence and oppression. The United States was shamefully built on vicious, inhumane slavery, and the struggles of Black families haven't disappeared since then. There are plenty of men and women today who remember Jim Crow laws, the lynching of their brothers and sisters, the assassination of Martin Luther King.
Last weekend, another tradition continued in a Chicago suburb: The Des Plaines Valley Rendezvous was held at Columbia Woods inside the Cook County Forest Preserve, where attendees experienced the history of frontier life in Illinois through re-enactments, games, music and food.
A noose hangs from "The Hangout" tent at the Des Plaines Valley Rendezvous (Mark Berg)
For those who are familiar with historical re-enactments, they may strike you as sentimental and sanguinary. Frontier life was probably a little more like The Revenant than chowing down on a turkey leg the size of your forearm or drinking homemade root beer. There is often a strong vein of fantasy that dries out historical education, and this component of imaginative play can be helpful in nudging out certain uncomfortable truths.
Many people saw a foreboding object at the Rendezvous this year: Hung up over the doorway of a tent called "The Hangout" was a noose.
One African American resident of Cook County who learned about the noose said, "What that noose means to me is the blood and suffering of my ancestors. People who walked like me, talked like me, looked like me, were strung up in this country with those."
FOR SOME, history is the subject of curiosity, enjoyment, and learning--it is a tapestry where one can imagine oneself in some far-flung past, full of mystery and long-lost wonder.
For others, though, history is alive and nipping at their heels. It's a great abyss of strife, chains and death.
Only a few weeks before America gloried over Harrison Ford lassoing Nazis with his whip, two vile despicable bigots were using their own rope to hang and murder an innocent young man 35 years ago.
A rope just like that one hung in Columbia Woods last weekend. While some people laughed and talked, ate and drank, and walked right past it, thinking, "How funny: the Hang Out!" others felt a stutter in their hearts.
They may have thought about a story they heard from their family, wreathed in choking blood. They probably looked around at the crowd and thought, "Only a handful of years ago, people who look like these folks were hoisting up people who look like me, dropping blood on the leaves."
On Tuesday, attorney Michael Rains claimed at a press conference that the woman known as “Celeste Guap” instigated contact with Bay Area officers. She's the teen at the center of a scandal that has Oakland police officers facing criminal charges and professional disciplinary actions.
Rains said that Guap initiated Facebook friendships with the officers and began “graphic” conversations. He said some officers stopped communicating with her, but others continued to converse with Guap and their subsequent actions are now being charged as crimes. He called these officers' actions “unfortunate” and “regrettable.”
This came moments after a retired Oakland police sergeant's scheduled arraignment on a charge relating to the Guap scandal was postponed.
Read the rest of the story by Rachel Loyd at Oakland North.
Connect with Oakland North on Facebook, or follow us on Twitter. You can sign up for our free weekly newsletter here.
Every year for the past twelve years, despite having expanded our Silkie breeder flocks in preparation for more Silkie mania, availability becomes super hard to come by. But hey, chin up! All Silkies are cool—and My Pet Chicken is the one and only place where you can pick just a tiny quantity and select whether you want males, females, or both.
Splash
Blue
White
Black
Buff
We cannot take special requests when you order an assortment: we'll send you the color(s) that hatched particularly well that week. If you want to be guaranteed a specific color or colors, you must order those specific colors separately, pay full price, and wait for the first week they are predicted to be available, or consider hatching at home . (We usually have decent hatching egg availability!)
And, according to a recent poll we conducted, Silkies are the #1 favorite choice for children. When stacked up against super popular breeds like Orpingtons, Cochins, Brahmas and Easter Eggers, they were the favorite, capturing 30% of the vote compared to just 24% for the next most popular choice. See the results, here Your purchase of a Silkie Bantam assortment will get you a hatchery choice of bearded and non-bearded Silkies, in any combination of the following colors:
Before you make your decision to purchase a hatchery choice assortment, you may want to read some frequently asked questions about the assortments:
As the attention of the international baseball community shifted to Shohei Otani's performance in front of MLB scouts and officials on Aug. 31, another big Asian talent was doing his thing to much less fanfare.
About 500 miles south of Otani's game, the lefty ace for the Saitama Seibu Lions, Yusei Kikuchi, absolutely dominated the Tohoku Rakuten Golden Eagles in a two-run, complete-game effort while striking out 11 for his 13th win of the season. He may not have Otani's spotlight, but he's a legitimate prospect with a potential high ceiling in the big leagues.
MORE: 'Japanese Babe Ruth' wants to pitch in majors next season
Kikuchi, 26, is having an elite 2017 season - 14-6, 2.17 in 23 starts, with 190 strikeouts and 40 walks in 165 2/3 innings pitched. This is his seventh year in NPB and the lefty owns a career 2.80 ERA with a 56-42 record, all with the Lions. His season is no flash in the pan. Kikuchi's talent has been known since he was a teenager, and he has been in on the radars of major league teams for a long time.
Back in 2009, as an 18-year-old ace of the Hanamashi Higashi - the same school Otani attended - Kikuchi was the top pitching prospect in the nation. Kikuchi attracted scouts from eight MLB teams. If he were to sign with an MLB team then, Kikuchi would have become the first Japanese high schooler to sign without going through the NPB Draft.
It was clear then that Kikuchi had strong desire to come stateside, and MLB interest was quite strong. For example, the Rangers recruited Derek Holland to try to persuade Kikuchi to sign with Texas. In a last-minute decision, Kikuchi chose to stay in Japan and be drafted by an NPB team. As a result, Seibu earned the right to negotiate with him and later signed him.
Kikuchi brilliantly flashed his potential as a 22-year-old in 2013, posting 1.92 ERA in 17 starts with three shutouts, but his season was cut short because of a shoulder injury. He followed up that effort with a decent 2014 campaign (5-11, 3.52), and then was 9-10 with a 2.84 in 2015 and 12-7 with a 2.58 ERA in 2016.
Even though his ERA was solid, he was not efficient. He had relatively high walk rates (5.0, 3.7, 4.2 BB/9 IP from 2014-16, respectively), and he frequently would need 120 or so pitches to get through five innings.
This season, however, has been the one for which Lions fans have been waiting.
They call his 2017 showing "Kakusei," which means breakout. He has become more efficient, which has enabled him to eat more innings and become a reliable power arm. Kikuchi's resurgence meant a lot more in context because he had to fill the hole left by the team's former ace, Takayuki Kishi, who signed with the Rakuten Golden Eagles in the offseason.
MORE: Eric Thames reflects on Korea, predicts next MLB imports
As of now, Kikuchi ranks second in wins (14) and first in ERA (2.17) and strikeouts (190) in the Pacific League of NPB. He has drastically lowered his walk rate (2.2 BB/9 IP) while his strikeout rate (10.3 K/9 IP) is well above his career average (7.9 K/9 IP).
Less than a month ago, however, Kikuchi had a dicey moment with the legality of his pitching motion. In the Aug. 24 game vs. Softbank, the umpires deemed Kikuchi was making an illegal double-kicking motion and forced him to change his delivery mid-game. That corrupted Kikuchi's rhythm and he struggled afterward. He allowed seven earned runs over three innings. While he has bounced back nicely from the incident (two earned runs allowed and 21 strikeouts over 18 innings in his next two starts), he might want to come to the majors as soon as possible if NPB keeps bothering him about his delivery.
Kikuchi features a fastball that has been clocked as high as 98.2 mph, which is an NPB record for a left-handed pitcher. His money pitch, however, is a hard slider that falls off the table. Kikuchi also mixes in a curve and changeup. His delivery features an arm action in which he hides the ball well until the last moment. Hitters have a hard time picking up the release point and recognizing what's coming. Here's a peek at Kikuchi's arsenal.
As tantalizing as his talent may be, Kikuchi has dealt with multiple injuries in his career. He did not reach the qualified innings pitched in a season until 2016. Even then, he missed two months with an injury to his right side. In 2010, a year after being drafted, he missed the entire season after experiencing shoulder pain. Also, his 2013 season was shut down prematurely with another bout of shoulder pain. That health history could give MLB teams interested in him pause.
MORE: Jose Lima's legacy lives on through unlikely Korean friendship
Kikuchi's desire to pitch in the majors is strong, and his club knows it. The Lions have told him that if he gets double-digit wins in both 2017 and 2018, they will post him after the latter season. If not, he is still on track to be a free agent after the 2019 season. He has already collected 14 wins this season and, as the numbers would indicate, has been a top-flight level starter in NPB.
If Kikuchi repeats this level of performance next year, we could see him in a major league uniform by 2019, which will be his age-28 season. Hypothetically, Kikuchi would be entering the majors as a high-upside pitcher in his prime. Because quality starting pitching is always in demand, one would imagine the Lions would receive a good amount of bids if he is to be posted after 2018.
This article is over 2 years old
Official says Olympiakos forward was taken after a party near Ciudad Victoria, the capital of a state that has been plagued by organized crime
A Mexican international footballer was kidnapped in the north-eastern state of Tamaulipas over the weekend, triggering a massive manhunt in territory that has been a battleground of warring drug cartels.
Lionel Messi limps off to give Argentina an injury scare before Copa America Read more
Alan Pulido, 25, was abducted after leaving a party late on Saturday night. The kidnapping happened near Pulido's hometown of Ciudad Victoria, 200 miles south of the Texas border, according to family and state government officials.
Pulido's brother Armando told the sports publication Medio Tiempo that his brother had attended the party with his girlfriend and left at around 11.30pm. Pulido was traveling back to Ciudad Victoria when his vehicle was intercepted and he was seized by unknown individuals, his brother said.
A state security source told the Guardian Pulido had been seen in Ciudad Victoria driving a BMW. The source said it was not known if he was pulled from that vehicle by his captors.
Tamaulipas state prosecutor Ismael Quintanilla Acosta confirmed the disappearance, saying Pulido was “intercepted by armed persons” and that his whereabouts have been unknown ever since.
The kidnapping made national headlines in Mexico and brought outpourings of support.
“We sincerely hope that this ordeal ends before long and that Alan returns home safe and sound,” Pulido's Greek club team, Olympiakos, tweeted on Sunday.
“Terrible what happened to Alan Pulido … in Mexico there are thousands like him and without anyone's help. Regrettable situation. My prayers for Alan and his family,” tweeted former US international Herculez Gómez.
Pulido played for Mexico and was included the 2014 World Cup squad. He was left out of the squad for the Copa America, which starts next week, due to a legal dispute with his former Mexican club, Tigres, according to national coach Carlos Osorio.
Pulido's kidnapping put attention on the public security problems in Mexico and especially Tamaulipas state, which occupies the country's north-eastern corner and has been beset by violence and crimes such as kidnap and extortion.
Security analysts say the Gulf Cartel and its former armed wing Los Zetas have disputed the state since splitting in 2010.
Ciudad Victoria, the state capital, has been especially hard hit, with shootouts occurring in broad daylight and residents preferring to stay off the streets after dark.
A Mexico City think tank, the Citizen Council for Public Security and Criminal Justice, has ranked Ciudad Victoria the second-most dangerous city in the country for kidnappings.
Online news organization Animal Politico, citing federal government statistics, reported Tamaulipas having the highest rate of kidnapping in the country – with cases increasing 360% between 2010 and 2015.
The security source said the cartels have splintered and two factions of Los Zetas are squabbling over Ciudad Victoria.
“They need money to pay their expenses” and continue fighting, the security source said. “(Kidnapping) is the easy way to get it.”
Mexico has one of the wealthiest football leagues in the hemisphere and its high salaries tend to keep players at home, though Pulido is among a growing number of Mexicans to try their luck in Europe.
Analysts say player kidnappings are rare, even with franchises operating in cities suffering through spells of insecurity brought about by a crackdown on drug cartels and organized crime. The crackdown has claimed more than 100,000 lives and left more than 20,000 missing persons over the past 10 years.
“Organized crime usually respects sports figures and singing stars and leaves them alone,” said Héctor López Zatarain, an expert in sports marketing. “Here in Mexico, you almost never see a player with bodyguards.”
I would like to host a Maven repository for a framework we're working on and its dependencies. Can I just deploy my artifacts to my FTP host using mvn deploy , or should I manually deploy and/or setup some things before being able to deploy artifacts? Do I need a tool like Apache Archiva? Note: I only have FTP access to server I want to host the Maven repo on.
The online repository I want to use is not hosted by myself. As I say, I only have FTP access, so if possible, I would like to use that FTP space as a Maven repository. The tools mentioned seem to work when you have full control over the host machine, or at least more than just FTP access since you need to configure the local directories where the repositories will be placed. Is this possible?
It's been more than two years since we originally ran Ron's epic 40,000-word history of the Android operating system, and in that time Android has continued to evolve and add version numbers. Ron has updated the piece with almost 11,000 additional words, bringing the history up to date with info on Kit-Kat, Lollipop, Marshmallow, Nougat, and Android Wear. If you'd like to jump directly to the new section, click right here (or, if you're a subscriber in single-page view, use this link instead ).
Android has been with us in one form or another for more than eight years. During that time, we've seen an absolutely breathtaking rate of change unlike any other development cycle that has ever existed. When it came time for Google to dive in to the smartphone wars, the company took its rapid-iteration, Web-style update cycle and applied it to an operating system, and the result has been an onslaught of continual improvement. Lately, Android has even been running on a previously unheard of six-month development cycle, and that's slower than it used to be. For the first year of Android's commercial existence, Google was putting out a new version every two-and-a-half months.
Looking back, Android's existence has been a blur. It's now a historically big operating system. Almost a billion total devices have been sold, and 1.5 million devices are activated per day—but how did Google get here? With this level of scale and success, you would think there would be tons of coverage of Android's rise from zero to hero. However, there just isn't. Android wasn't very popular in the early days, and until Android 4.0, screenshots could only be taken with the developer kit. These two factors mean you aren't going to find a lot of images or information out there about the early versions of Android.
The problem now with the lack of early coverage is that early versions of Android are dying. While something like Windows 1.0 will be around forever—just grab an old computer and install it—Android could be considered the first cloud-based operating system. Many features are heavily reliant on Google's servers to function. With fewer and fewer people using old versions of Android, those servers are being shut down. And when a cloud-reliant app has its server support shut off, it will never work again—the app crashes and displays a blank screen, or it just refuses to start.
Thanks to this “ cloud rot ," an Android retrospective won't be possible in a few years. Early versions of Android will be empty, broken husks that won't function without cloud support. While it's easy to think of this as a ways off, it's happening right now. While writing this piece, we ran into tons of apps that no longer function because the server support has been turned off. Early clients for Google Maps and the Android Market, for instance, are no longer able to communicate with Google. They either throw an error message and crash or display blank screens. Some apps even worked one week and died the next, because Google was actively shutting down servers during our writing!
To prevent any more of Android's past from being lost to the annals of history, we did what needed to be done. This is 25+ versions of Android, a myriad of devices, and lots and lots of screenshots cobbled together in one space. This is The History of Android, from the very first public builds to today.
Table of Contents
Android 0.5, Milestone 3—the first public build
Before we go diving into Android on real hardware, we're going to start with the early, early days of Android. While 1.0 was the first version to ship on hardware, there were several beta versions only released in emulator form with the SDK. The emulators were meant for development purposes only, so they don't include any of the Google Apps, or even many core OS apps. Still, they're our best look into the pre-release days of Android.
Before whimsical candy code names and cross-promotional deals with multinational food corporations, the first public release of Android was labeled "m3-rc20a"—"m3" standing for "Milestone 3." While Google may not have publicized the version number—and this build didn't even have a settings app to check—the browser user agent identifies this as "Android 0.5."
In November 2007, two years after Google acquired Android and five months after the launch of the iPhone, Android was announced, and the first emulator was released. Back then, the OS was still getting its feet under it. It was easily dismissed as "just a BlackBerry clone." The emulator used a qwerty-bar skin with a 320x240 display, replicating an actual prototype device. The device was built by HTC, and it seems to be the device that was codenamed "Sooner" according to many early Android accounts. But the Sooner was never released to market.
According to accounts of the early development days of Android, when Apple finally showed off its revolutionary smartphone in January 2007, Google had to "start over" with Android—including scrapping the Sooner. Considering the Milestone 3 emulator came out almost a year after Apple's iPhone unveiling, it's surprising to see the device interface still closely mimicked the Blackberry model instead. While work had no doubt been done on the underlying system during that year of post-iPhone development, the emulator still launched with what was perceived as an "old school" interface. It didn't make a good first impression.
At this early stage, it seems like the Android button layout had not been finalized yet. While the first commercial Android devices would use “Home," “Back," “Menu," and “Search" as the standard set of buttons, the emulator had a blank space marked as an "X" where you would expect the search button to be. The “Sooner" hardware prototype was even stranger—it had a star symbol as the fourth button.
There was no configurable home screen or widgets, just a simple dock of icons at the bottom that could be cycled through or tapped on. While touch screen support worked for some features, Milestone 3 was primarily controlled with a five-way d-pad—an anachronism that Android still supports to this day. Even this early version of Android could do animations. Icons would grow and shrink as they entered and exited the dock's center window.
There was no notification panel yet, either. Notification icons showed up in the status bar (shown above as a smiley face), and the only way to open them was to press "up" on the d-pad while on the home screen. You couldn't tap on the icon to open it, nor could you access notifications from any screen other than home. When a notification was opened, the status bar expanded slightly, and the text of the notification appeared in a speech bubble. Once you had a notification, there was no manual way to clear it—apps were responsible for clearing their own notifications.
App drawer duties were handled by a simple "Applications" folder on the left of the dock. Despite having a significant amount of functions, the Milestone 3 emulator was not very forthcoming with app icons. "Browser," "Contacts," and "Maps" were the only real apps here. Oddly, "recent calls" was elevated to a standalone icon. Because this was just an emulator, icons for core smartphone functionality were missing, like alarm, calendar, dialer, calculator, camera, gallery, and settings. Hardware prototypes demoed to the press had many of these, and there was a suite of Google Apps up and running by this point. Sadly, there's no way for us to look at them. They're so old they can't connect to Google's servers now anyway.
The now-deprecated menu system was up and running in Milestone 3. Hitting the hardware menu button brought up a gray list with a blue gradient highlight, complete with hardware keyboard shortcuts. In the screenshot above, you can see the menu open in the browser. Going to a second level, like the zoom menu, turned the first level of the menu oddly transparent.
Surprisingly, multitasking and background applications already worked in Milestone 3. Leaving an app didn't close it—apps would save state, even down to text left in a text box. This was a feature iOS wouldn't get around to matching until the release of iOS 4 in 2010, and it really showed the difference between the two platforms. iOS was originally meant to be a closed platform with no third-party apps, so the platform robustness wasn't a huge focus. Android was built from the ground up to be a powerful app platform, and ease of app development was one of the driving forces behind its creation.
Before Android, Google was already making moves into mobile with WAP sites and J2ME flip phone apps, which made it acutely aware of how difficult mobile development was. According to The Atlantic, Larry Page once said of the company's mobile efforts “We had a closet full of over 100 phones, and we were building our software pretty much one device at a time.” Developers often complain about Android fragmentation now, but the problem was much, much worse before the OS came along.
Google's platform strategy eventually won out, and iOS ended up slowly adding many of these app-centric features—multitasking, cross-app sharing, and an app switcher—later on.
Despite not having a dialer icon, Milestone 3 emulator was equipped with a way to make phone calls. Pressing anything on the keyboard would bring up the screen on the left, which was a hybrid dialer/contact search. Entering only numbers and hitting the green phone hardware button would start a phone call, and letters would search contacts. Contacts were not searchable by number, however. Even a direct hit on a phone number would not bring up a contact.
Incoming calls were displayed as an almost-full-screen popup with a sweet transparent background. Once inside a call, the background became dark gray, and Milestone 3 presented the user with a surprisingly advanced feature set: mute, speakerphone, hold, and call conferencing buttons. Multiple calls were presented as overlapping, semi-transparent cards, and users had options to swap or merge calls. Swapping calls triggered a nice little card shuffle animation.
Contacts was a stark, black and blue list of names. Contact cards had a spot for a contact picture but couldn't assign one to the space (at least in the emulator). The only frill in this area was XMPP presence dots to the left of each name in Contacts. An always-on XMPP connection has traditionally been at the heart of Android, and that deep integration already started in Milestone 3. Android used XMPP to power a 24/7 connection to Google's servers, powering Google Talk, cloud-to-device push messaging, and app install and uninstall messages.
The browser ran Webkit 419.3, which put it in the same era as Mac OS X 10.4's Safari 2. The homepage was not Google.com, but a hard-coded home.html file included with Android. It looked like Google.com from a thousand years ago. The browser's OS X heritage was still visible, rendering browser buttons with a glossy, Aqua-style search button.
The tiny BlackBerry-style screen necessitated a separate address bar, which was brought up by a "go to" option in the browser's menu. While autocomplete didn't work, the address bar live searched your history as you typed. The picture on the right was the History display, which used thumbnails to display each site. The current thumbnail was in front of the other two, and scrolling through them triggered a swooping animation. But at this early stage, the browser didn't support multiple tabs or windows—you had the current website, and that was it.
From the beginning, Google knew maps would be important on mobile, even shipping a Maps client on the Milestone 5 emulator. That version of Google Maps was the first thing we came across that died from cloud rot. The client can't load information from Google's servers, so the map displayed as a blank, gray grid. Nothing works.
Luckily, for the first screenshot above, we were able to piece together an accurate representation from the Android launch video. Old Google Maps seemed fully prepared for a non-touch device, listing hardware key shortcuts along the bottom of the screen. It's unclear if places worked, or if Maps only ran on addresses at this point.
Hidden behind the menu were options for search, directions, and satellite and traffic layers. The middle screenshot is of the directions UI, where you could even pick a contact address as a start or end address. Maps lacked any kind of GPS integration, however; you can't find a "my location" button anywhere.
While there was no proper gallery, on the right is a test view for a gallery, which was hidden in the "API Demos" app. The pictures scrolled left and right, but there was no way to open photos to a full screen view. There were no photo management options either. It was essentially a test of a scrolling picture view.
There was also no settings app, but we can look at the original time and date pickers, thanks to the API Demos. This demonstrates how raw a lot of Android was: kerning issues all over the place, a huge gap in between the minute digits, and unevenly spaced days of the week on the calendar. While the time picker let you change each digit independently, there was no way to change months or years other than moving the day block out of the current month and on to the next or previous month.
Keep in mind that while this may seem like dinosaur remnants from some forgotten era, this was only released six years ago. We tend to get used to the pace of technology. It's easy to look back on stuff like this and think that it was from 20 years ago. Compare this late-2007 timeframe to desktop OSes, and Microsoft was trying to sell Windows Vista to the world for almost a year, and Apple just released OS X 10.5 Leopard.
One last Milestone 3 detail: Google gave Ars Technica a shoutout in the Milestone 3 emulator. Opening the “API Demos" app and going to "Views," "Focus," then "Vertical" revealed a test list headlined by this very Website.
Two months later, in December 2007, Google released an update for the Milestone 3 emulator that came with a much roomier 480×320 device configuration. This was tagged "m3-rc37a." The software was still identical to the BlackBerry build, just with much more screen real estate available.
Listing image by Aurich Lawson
5 Things People Assume About Me That Are Wrong By Mark Sisson
As Mark's Daily Apple and the Primal community have grown in popularity, I hear a lot of stuff bandied about. Some of it is positive, some negative, and that's to be expected. You can't please everyone – I would probably be surprised if no one ever criticized me. However, I've noticed that for whatever reason, some people have a skewed perception of my opinion on certain issues. Maybe it's my fault for not being more clear. Maybe they just haven't plumbed the depths of MDA (I don't blame them; it's got some deep archives) to find the truth, instead going on what someone else told them. But whatever the reason, I have an obligation to set the record straight. I don't want people getting the wrong idea about me or my ideas.
In this post, I'm going to describe five common misinterpretations about me and then explain where I truly stand. You may still disagree with me. That's cool. At least then you'll be able to criticize me for what I actually said or wrote.
So, what are some things people assume about me that are wrong?
That I support unlimited calories, endless grams of fat, and constant relentless gorging.
To my knowledge, I've never claimed that calories don't matter (cue frantic searching of MDA archives). On the contrary, I've held that while calories are the ultimate arbiters of weight management, the beauty of a Primal eating plan is that obsessively counting, tabulating, graphing, and monitoring calorie intake often becomes unnecessary. You're eating nutrient-dense and calorie-sparse plants, nutrient-dense animals (and their fat), and nutrient-dense and calorie-dense starchy plants (when desired/required), and you just need less food than before. You're sated, you enjoy the food, you're sufficiently nourished, and so you don't eat as much. You're not telling yourself not to eat X amount of calories; you just don't get hungry for all those extra calories and so it's not an issue that requires conscious thought. Some people may even find counting counterproductive to weight loss if the counting intrudes on their enjoyment of normal life and becomes a significant source of stress.
If you somehow find the will and desire to gorge endlessly on multiple thousands of calories of coconut oil and butter and red palm oil and mac nuts and grass-fed beef and wild-caught salmon, you can and likely will gain weight (and fat). All I'm saying is this: why would you ever want to? Calories do matter, though. I've always said that.
That I hate carbs in any form.
The reality is that I view carbs as an elective source of calories to be divvied out according to training volume, performance goals, and individual variation in tolerance/desire. If you're regularly engaging in lots of anaerobic activity (HIIT, sprinting, heavy lifting, mid-to-high intensity endurance training, sports like soccer, basketball, football), you should probably eat more carbs to the tune of 100 extra grams per hour of anaerobic output. If you're just doing lots of walking, lifting once or twice a week, and throwing in a sprint session every now and then, you'll probably be fine underneath the Primal carb curve. I gear my recommendations toward regular folks getting regular, but not excessive or elite level, amounts of activity – the people who juggle work, family, sleep, and leisure with exercise. That's me, that's most of you, but it's not everyone. If I come off as a carb basher, it's only because I assume that most people aren't doing the kind of activity that warrants carb-loading.
I am a big proponent of eating a macronutrient that works for you and your lifestyle and your needs, whatever those look like. I'm also a big proponent of gorging on in-season berries to the point of stomach upset (not really, but kinda). My point is that I don't hate any and all carbs.
That I hate gyms.
I talk a lot about the benefits of being outside in nature, particularly being active outside in nature. I often suggest that people go for hikes on a weekly basis, preferably with family members (both hominidae and canid). I discuss spiritual encounters in nature, wherein people experience what seem like “mystical” states of mind simply by leaving city limits and rubbing up against some trees and greenery. I've explained how exercising outdoors is not only more effective, but also more sustainable – people are more likely to stick with an exercise plan when they do it outdoors. What wins?
Trail running through a forest of redwoods with the brilliant morning sun shimmering through the canopy overhead or jogging on a treadmill while watching close captioned American Idol?
Sprints on a beach (complete with adjacent natural sea salt cold dip wave pool) or sprints on a track?
Stand up paddle boarding on blue-green seas or, well, there isn't really a gym equivalent to that one, is there?
I'll always choose to workout outside if I can. Of course, I live in Malibu, where winter is when surfers wear hooded sweatshirts with their shorts and sandals, so I have the luxury of exercising outdoors year round. Many people do not. Perhaps my perspective is skewed.
That said, I like gyms. I work out in a gym on a regular basis. And bulky, oddly shaped natural objects like rocks and logs are fun to pick up and put down, and you can get really strong using them, but barbells, weight vests, kettlebells, and other manmade fitness tools are arguably better for building pure, raw strength. You know what? Make like Arnold and lug a barbell and some weights out to the forest and get the best of both worlds.
That I hate any and all forms of cardio.
One of my earliest and most popular posts was my tirade against chronic cardio, or the kind of extended mid-to-high intensity endurance training that made me sick, broke down my body, required me to eat an inflammatory diet laden with cheap refined carbs, destroyed my social life, and sapped my will to live. My terrible experience with high-level endurance training helped me find a more sustainable, more Primal path. It got me where I am today, basically. It was the impetus for my search for something better. I guess you could say I'm not a big fan.
I've become known for that stance on chronic cardio, but many people assume that distaste extends to all cardio. They assume I roll my eyes at people who ride their bikes to work, who run a 5k every now and then, who use the rower at the gym, who go hiking with heavy rucksacks, who swim laps. I don't hate all cardio, though. I mean, how many times have you gotten annoyed with how often I tell people to walk, hike, and otherwise move around at a slow pace? That's “cardio.” I fully support all forms of movement that result in improved health and happiness. I've mentioned before that my characterization of an activity as chronic cardio is more qualitative than quantitative. Rather than hewing to some objective standard, it often comes down to your subjective response. For me, running more than five miles or so becomes a race, even if I'm the only one around. I stop enjoying the run and start to focus on how fast I'm going, how far I've gone, and how much I can push it. I get sucked in to the competitive tunnel.
I'm not even against running the occasional marathon, if you truly enjoy it and it improves your quality of life. But training for marathons round the clock? Logging 15-20 miles a day? I can't in good conscience recommend that people do that in the pursuit of good health. Do it to say you can. Do it because you love it. But don't do it to live forever.
That I romanticize the hunter-gatherer existence.
I don't romanticize anything (except, perhaps, grass-fed meat). I simply acknowledge the reality of our situation: humans, as a species, have evolved under various selective pressures and environments, and by studying those pressures and environments, we can learn about what lifestyle interventions might work for us, today, in the here and now. Moreover, we undoubtedly did not encounter 10-hour workdays consisting solely of sitting on our duffs, penned in by cubicle walls, isolated from our fellow humans (except by choice). We did not eat sugar, seed oil, and grain slurries out of colorful boxes and plastic packaging. It is a simple fact that some things about our modern existence are screwy and ridiculous, and when we spend our days sitting down, completely isolated from nature, from other humans (in the flesh), from edible plants and animals in their original packaging (absent some fur, perhaps), problems arise.
Our hunter-gatherer ancestors spent most of their lives outdoors. One wonders if perhaps spending time outdoors is therefore “normal” for our physiology and we should do it more often. Sure enough, recent scientific evidence shows that being outdoors confers numerous health benefits upon humans. Health benefits that we can verify with actual biomarkers.
Our hunter-gatherer ancestors got a decent amount of sunlight (being outdoors), depending on where in the world they lived. One wonders if perhaps sun exposure provides any benefit to modern humans. Sure enough, evidence suggests that vitamin D (which humans make from sun exposure) performs many physiological tasks, like immune modulation and bone calcium resorption, vital to our health. (Also, sunny days tend to make people happy, which counts for a lot.)
Our hunter-gatherer ancestors experienced high infant mortality. High infant mortality is not very good for human health.
Our hunter-gatherer ancestors did not have access to modern medical technology. Modern medical technology is good for human health.
Do I think we can gain valuable insight about what makes us tick and what works today by examining the ancestral environment? Yes, absolutely.
Am I happy to live in the 21st century where babies generally survive and people can hold all the world's knowledge (and then some) in the palm of their hands and casually implore lightning to do their bidding with a flick of a switch? Heck yes.
To say that certain selective pressures helped determine the physiology of modern humans and that we can glean helpful and relevant lessons from studying (or even speculating about) said pressures is not to say that everything was perfect back then and we need to return to that perfect Edenic (that wasn't) lifestyle. It's just saying what it says. Nothing more.
What other misconceptions about me and my message have you seen out there? Lemme know in the comment section! Thanks for reading, folks.
Post navigation
If you'd like to add an avatar to all of your comments click here!
China has in fact made substantial progress improving many social and legal protections over the past 20 years, Chinese and Western rights experts say. International right advocates also applauded Beijing officials for showing an interest in the issue with the action plan.
But they cautioned that any implementation would require many years of work by local, provincial and national government agencies, many of which have shown little interest in initiatives that may limit their power.
“It's a step forward, I think; it's also good there are some concrete benchmarks with 2010 as a deadline,” said Roseann Rife, the deputy program director for Asia and the Pacific at Amnesty International. Nevertheless, she said, “there are very serious abuses omitted from the plan.”
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
Lawyers and others in China have been increasingly assertive in recent years regarding rights already promised under China's Constitution. The release of the action plan could help these individuals by providing clearer guidance to local and provincial governments of the long-term direction of national policy.
The official Xinhua news agency said, “The government admitted that ‘China has a long road ahead in its efforts to improve its human rights situation.' ”
But, as Ms. Rife indicated, the document fails to address some of the most glaring abuses for people who challenge the authorities in China. It does not propose phasing out the system of administrative detention, which gives broad powers to local law enforcement officials, including the ability to send people to prison camps for “re-education through labor” without a trial.
There is also no promise to close the unregistered jails that municipal and provincial governments have set up in Beijing and elsewhere to detain petitioners who want to present their grievances.
The “National Human Rights Action Plan of China 2009-2010” emphasizes economic and social rights instead.
In some cases, the plan is quite specific about promises that may depend more on the health of the Chinese economy and even the global economy than on the efforts of human rights activists.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
There is a promise, for example, that unemployment will remain below 5 percent in 2009 and 2010 for urban residents who remain in the communities in which they are registered to live and do not try to migrate in search of better jobs. The plan does call for China to go considerably further in areas where it has begun making changes, like in releasing more information about decision-making and to extend to the countryside policies that so far have mainly benefited cities.
Browning M2HB
John Browning testing his prototype .50 caliber heavy machine gun, circa 1919.
Twin AA mount with Browning M2 water-cooled machine guns in action.
Browning M2HB air-cooled machine gun on M3 tripod.
Browning M2HB-QCB air-cooled machine gun of current manufacture with quick-change barrel, on M3 tripod.
Caliber: .50BMG (12,7x99mm)
Weight:38 kg MG, 58 kg complete with M3 tripod
Length: 1650 mm
Length of barrel: 1140 mm
Feeding: belt
Rateof fire: 450-600 rounds/min
The M2HB Browning Heavy machine gun – “Ma Deuce”, is the result of the development of a large-caliber heavy machine gun in the USA, initiated in 1918. This was at the direct request of General Pershing, the commander of the US expeditionary corps in Europe.
He requested a heavy gun capable of destroying military aircraft and ground targets such as tanks and armored cars. The task of developing such a gun and the ammunition to go with it was passed to John Browning (then based at Colt's factory) and the Winchester Arms Co. respectively.
The basic pattern of the new heavy machine gun was sealed in 1921. Officially adopted in 1923 as “Machine Gun, .50 Calibre, M1921”, this water cooled, belt fed gun became the prime AA weapon for the infantry and the navy.
In the year 1930 the US Army adopted a slightly modified .50 caliber M1921A1 machine gun, and further work on this gun concentrated on the development of a universal weapon suitable for most roles. The key design changes were made by Dr. Samuel G. Green, who redesigned the basic receiver so it could be used in conjunction with either water-cooled or air-cooled barrels, encased in a water jacket or short perforated sleeve respectively. He also developed a switchable left or right side belt-feeding unit. The US Army adopted the new, improved fifty-caliber machine gun as the M2, in a water-cooled anti-aircraft version, an air-cooled ground mount version and as an aircraft weapon.
Since the original air-cooled barrels were too light to provide any degree of sustained fire in ground applications, heavier barrels were soon introduced for the ground-mounted guns, so this weapon became the“M2 Heavy Barrel” or M2HB for short. In 1938 the barrel of the M2HB was lengthened to provide more striking energy and longer range, and in this form the M2HB was made in great numbers during the Second World War.
US arms factories turned out a little less than 2 million M2 guns in all versions between 1941 and 1945, of which over 400,000 were made in M2HB configuration for ground use.
After the end of WW2, .50-caliber Browning guns found a wide acceptance across the world, and today are still prolific as ground and vehicle guns in most of the NATO countries and many others as well. Production of new M2HB guns continues in the USA and in Belgium.
Technical Description:
The Browning M2HB machine gun is a belt-fed, air-cooled machine weapon capable of semi-automatic and automatic fire. The M2HB fires from a closed bolt at all times, and uses a short-recoil operated action with a vertically sliding locking block, which rises up to lock the bolt to the barrel extension, and drops down on recoil to unlock the bolt from the barrel.
It also has a bolt accelerator, made in the form of a lever located at the bottom of the receiver. Upon recoil, once the barrel is unlocked from the bolt, it strikes the accelerator, so the kinetic energy of the recoiling barrel is quickly transmitted to the bolt, improving the reliability of the weapon. Barrels are screwed into the barrel extension and are not quick-detachable on standard M2HB weapons. Furthermore, once the barrel is installed in the weapon, the headspace must be adjusted prior to firing, or the weapon may fail to fire or produce a serious jam.
However, quick change barrel (QCB) kits were developed by several companies during the 1970's and 80's and every M2HB weapon can be converted to a QCB version with the replacement of only a few parts, including the barrel.
The rear part of the barrel is enclosed in a short, tubular, barrel jacket with cooling slots. The back of the receiver houses a bolt buffer, and an additional buffer is used to soften the movement of the heavy barrel.
On infantry guns, the cocking handle was invariably installed on the right side of the weapon. Slots were made on both sides of the receiver for tank installations which may require a left-sided cocking handle.
Browning M2HB machine guns use a disintegrating steel belt, with the feed switchable from one side to the other through the re-installation of certain parts in the feed unit. The belt feed is of the two stage type– every cartridge is first withdrawn from the belt toward the rear by the pivoting extractor lever, attached to the bolt. Once the cartridge is clear of the belt, it is lowered into a T-slot cut into the bolt face, and pushed forward into the barrel. Spent cartridge cases are forced down the T-slot and out of the weapon through an opening at the bottom of the receiver by the following cartridges, or by the pivoting belt extractor lever (for the last cartridge case). A rotary switch is used to select the track for left or right side feed.
Since the gun fires from a closed bolt, it has a separate firing pin, powered by its own spring, and hosted inside the bolt along with the sear and cocking lever. Upon the recoil stroke of the bolt, the cocking lever pulls the firing pin back until it is engaged by the sear. Once the bolt is fully in battery (locked closed), a pull on the trigger raises the trigger bar so that it acts on the sear and releases the firing pin.
The standard firing controls consist of a push-type thumb trigger and sear release buttons located between the dual spade grips. Alternately, an electric solenoid trigger can be installed for mounted vehicle applications.
The M2HB has an unusual method of providing semi-automatic fire (probably added to the basic design as an afterthought) – it has a bolt latch, which locks the bolt to the bolt buffer in the open position after each shot. Therefore, if the gun is fired in semi-automatic mode (single shots), for each shot the operator must first release the bolt forward by pressing the bolt latch release, located next to the thumb trigger. After the bolt is released and the gun is loaded, the operator may push the trigger to fire a single bullet.
If automatic mode is desired, the bolt latch must be turned off and locked by turning its lock to the left. In this position it will not engage the bolt and the gun will fire continuously as long as the trigger is pressed. It must be noted that the original M2HB guns had no manual safeties. However, the recent M2E2 upgrade developed by General Dynamics, includes among other items, an additional manual safety located next to the trigger.
Standard sights consist of a folding blade front and frame-type rear. The rear sight is mounted on the receiver. The front sight is located at the front of the receiver and protected by an arc-shaped sight protector. Additionally, various types of telescopic and night sights can be installed by using the appropriate mountings.
LARGO — A fight over a trash can led to a man stabbing his older brother to death with a pair of scissors Monday morning, police said.
Matthew Cisco, 20, and his brother, Christopher Cisco, 26, had lived together in a two-story home in the 3000 block of South Pines Drive in Largo, just north of Ulmerton Road, since February. They worked together in a family-owned painting business.
On Monday morning, the brothers got into an argument about moving a trash can in the driveway, Largo police said. The confrontation escalated and they began to scuffle on a living room couch.
Matthew then grabbed a pair of scissors on a nearby coffee table and stabbed Christopher two times in the chest, police said.
Christopher died at the scene. Matthew left the house and asked a neighbor, who had heard yelling, to call 911.
Officers arrested Matthew, who admitted to stabbing his brother, an arrest affidavit states.
Matthew was booked into the Pinellas County jail, where he remained Monday without bail.
So who owns the daisy? Apparently the Clorox Company has since September 2009, when they registered the mark "consisting of a flower with yellow petals with orange shades appearing toward the center of the flower, green center, and black shadow surrounding the green center." Method has been using daisies on its cleaning products for six years, but as they note in their video below, never bothered to register it, suggesting that Mother Earth held the patent on this one.
Method first graced the pages of TreeHugger in 2004 in one of our earliest posts; Adam Lowry and Eric Ryan were pioneers in the green marketing world, bringing transparency, humor, safe ingredients and good design to cleaning products.
In the opposite corner, Clorox and Greenworks.
Greenworks from Mega-corp Clorox launched with a bang, the blessing of the Sierra Club (and a whole lot of advertising on TreeHugger) in January, 2008. Hugely successful, they have been eating Method's lunch ever since. And now they want to eat their daisies. They have sent Method a cease and desist letter (pdf here) including the following friendly message:
Eric and Adam aren't folding. They are counterattacking with humor and style, demonstrating everything that they purport to be (two room-mates who started a company that grew) and making a big portrayal of Clorox as the big megacorp that is lawyered up and bleaches companies like Method out like damn spots.
Eric and Adam are running a campaign where you Vote Daisy, voting for Clorox, Method, or Mother Earth and bless them, they are urging you to vote for Mother Earth.
But no matter what the poll result is, there is no way that Clorox can win this war. They come off looking petty and evil, and forget that there is more to being green than what is in the bottle; business practices matter.
Besides, everyone knows that Lyndon Johnson owns the daisy.
Follow me on Twitter! @lloydalter
Signup to receive a daily roundup of the top LGBT+ news stories from around the world
The BBC has announced Sean Bean will play a transgender character in an episode of its legal drama Accused.
Ben Stephenson, Controller of Drama Commissioning at the BBC, said the character would appear in the third episode of the second series, to be filmed later this year.
He told the Broadcasting Press Guild: “He's playing a transsexual, a brilliant story, untold I think on mainstream television”.
Bean said: “I've wanted to work on a Jimmy McGovern drama for a while and I think this cracking script really delivers a powerful, emotional drama for the audience.”
Bean is set to play an English teacher known as Simon who has a female identity, Tracie, in the show, which features a different story in each episode.
Tracie's search for love is reported to lead to a “terrible crime of passion”.
The series is directed by Ashley Pearce, who was also responsible for episodes of Downton Abbey's second series.
Congress cut a deal to keep the lights on in Washington. But new measures in the Senate may cut the power of financial regulators to curb Wall Street risk-taking.
Senate Republicans are seeking on Friday to erect potential new obstacles to financial rule-writing at agencies like the Securities and Exchange Commission and Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation. The nonbinding amendments tucked into the Senate budget plan call on agencies to evaluate more carefully the economic effects of new regulation, cutting off potential shortcuts to so-called cost-benefit studies.
Lawmakers are unlikely to reconcile the Senate budget with the House's plans, making the measures more symbolic than anything else. And it is unclear whether lawmakers will approve the Republican amendments to the Senate's blueprint, the chamber's first budget since 2009. The votes are part of what Washington insiders labeled “vote-o-rama” — dozens of amendments flying through the Senate on Friday.
The Republican author of one financial amendment — Senator Susan Collins of Maine — argues that new financial rules should tread lightly on the fragile economy. A summary of Ms. Collins's amendment to the budget plan calls for “sensible regulatory reform.”
But consumer advocates predict a fallout for regulators, who are putting the finishing touches on dozens of new rules to rein in the derivatives market and proprietary trading.
While the new Senate measures would be nonbinding, they could serve as a political warning to regulators writing rules under the Dodd-Frank Act. Already, corporate groups have sued to halt several Dodd-Frank rules, complaining that agencies failed to produce a robust cost-benefit analysis.
The latest swipe at the rules, consumer advocates say, could further deter financial reform and impede the authority of agencies that operate independent of the White House.
“The costs of the financial crisis and benefits of avoiding the next one are crystal clear,” said Amit Narang, a regulatory policy advocate at Public Citizen, a nonprofit government watchdog group. “Having financial regulators jump through more hoops will only further delay the process of making Wall Street accountable to the American public.”
The measures echo bills floating around Congress for months. Ms. Collins pushed legislation last year that would impose a 13-point test for rule-making and empower the White House to second-guess new regulations, a far harsher version of the amendments facing a vote on Friday. As regulators pushed back, the bill stalled.
But the Senate amendments could breathe new life into the effort — an alarming prospect to Mr. Narang.
“This will further delay the already glacially slow process of finally making Wall Street accountable to the American public by instituting common-sense Dodd-Frank financial reforms,” he said.
MANILA, Philippines — (UPDATE – 12:26 p.m.) Police in Davao City barred more than 30 students and faculty members of lumad schools in Mindanao and other adult escorts from boarding their Saturday morning flight to Manila to attend a conference of tribal learning centers at the University of the Philippines Diliman.
Lindy Trenilla, a social worker of the Children's Rehabilitation Center in Southern Mindanao, told InterAksyon by phone that they arrived at the airport at 9:15 a.m. and were checking in for their 10:10 a.m. flight when police officers approached and demanded they show a travel permit from the City Social Services Development Office.
The group of 35 –aside from her there were 23 minor and three adult students, aged 10 to 17 years old, two teachers, six parents from Kapalong and Talaingod towns in Davao del Norte — were on their way to attend the first national conference on Saturday, September 16, of the Save Our Schools Network, which counts organizations that run and support tribal schools.
Over the past years, indigenous people have complained that tribal schools, especially in Mindanao, have come under attack by state forces and military-backed militias that have occupied the learning centers and their communities, and threatened or even killed teachers and students, because authorities believe they advocate support for communist rebels.
Among the more notable incidents were the September 2015 murders of Emerito Samarca, administrator of the award-winning Alternative Learning Center for Agriculture and Livelihood Development, and lumad leaders Dionel Campos and Jovello Sinzo were murdered by the Bagani militia in Lianga, Surigao del Sur, triggering a mass evacuation that displaced tribal communities for a year.
In the most recent incident, early this month, a 19-year old student of a lumad school in Kapalong, Obello Bay-ao, died of his injuries after he was shot, allegedly by militiamen, as he walked home from harvesting his farm.
Rius Valle of the SOS Network said members of Bay-ao's family were with the group of travelers.
Despite showing a permit to travel, which Trenilla said “we were aware we did not even need but secured just to avoid trouble,” the police personnel “continued to question us, even the children, and insinuating they were going to Manila only to join rallies.”
“They even questioned staff of the CSSD who went to the airport to vouch for us and confirm that they had issued the travel permit,” she added.
Even ground staff of Cebu Pacific, said Trenilla, “took a hostile attitude towards us when they learned we were attending the SOS conference, claiming that the children were only being ‘used'.”
The lengthy questioning made the group miss their original flight, although they were eventually cleared to travel.
Instead, Cebu Pacific booked them on the next flight, which leaves Davao at 12:50 p.m.
The human rights group Karapatan in Davao said it would file charges over the incident.
Alexander Fleming returned back to the lab bench after a family holiday to find his cultures contaminated with a fungus. We know how the story goes.
He saw inhibition.
He called it penicillin.
He revolutionised medicine.
He received a Knighthood.
He received the Nobel Prize.
The story has been told and simplified countless times. Alexander Fleming is undoubtably an important figure in modern medicine, but the story of penicillin is more complicated than most people realise.
When Fleming identified penicillin, he couldn't do anything with it. He couldn't isolate it or purify it. As revolutionary as his observation was, it had no practical application whatsoever. It was only when a team of biochemists started to revisit Fleming's work that penicillin became a life saving drug.
Howard Florey and Ernst Chain started to purify penicillin in work that would lead to them both receiving the Nobel Prize alongside Alexander Fleming. This would be the first time that the Nobel Prize for Medicine had ever been awarded to three people at once. Chain not only significantly contributed to the purification and concentration of penicillin, but he was also the first person to correctly guess the beta-lactam structure. This wasn't proved at the time but his guess was shown to be right by Dorothy Hodgkin, the Nobel Prize winning crystallographer.
You can read a Biography of Ernst Chain on the Nobel Prize website as well as watch a short interview with Olof Somell from the Nobel Museum.
“Hope is not a strategy”.
It's uncertain who said it first. Some say Vince Lombardi, but it's hard to find any evidence. Some say Rudy Giuliani, but there is at least plenty of evidence of it being said before he used it.
Barack Obama has definitely said it. And plenty of people attribute it to movie director James Cameron.
Facebook Twitter Whatsapp Reddit Email Share
Whoever said it, it seems that Wallaby coach Michael Cheika has adopted it as the Wallabies' mantra for the 2015 Rugby World Cup. Certainly his picks for the Rugby Championship squad show that as far as he is concerned the only thing that counts this year is form – and his strategy is one of action.
Coaching is mostly overrated. That's not to say it isn't important, but for the most part, coaches are over-praised for success, and over-criticised for failure. But one part of the game where they can genuinely make a big difference is selections.
Getting the best 15 uninjured players out on the field in a balanced formation which is appropriate for the match and the opposition, and which creates some uncertainty for the opposition, seems easy, but in reality is often undermined by fear, loyalty and hope.
Michael Cheika doesn't appear to feel any of those emotions, and it shows. There are no sacred cows here. Cheika is fearless in his selections, picking who he wants, when he wants, regardless of opinions. He got Kurtley Beale for a Spring Tour in the face of heavy pressure from just about everybody, and for the most part he got his men again yesterday.
One of the things of which Cheika is acutely aware is the need to foster uncertainty in the opposition. It is this philosophy that has ended the Test careers of Ben Alexander, Benn Robinson and Nick Cummins, all of whom have been noble servants, but are simply too familiar and easily decoded at Test level.
Also for Alexander and Robinson, the game has changed around them and left them obsolete. A huge feature of this year's Rugby World Cup will be power scrummaging. The era of the small and mobile prop is over, especially for those tarred with the brush of Australia's mostly weak scrummaging history.
Advertisement
Advertisement
Winger Cummins is a wonderful character and a heart-on-the-sleeve player, the type of everyman we always want to see in Wallaby gold, but he is unnecessarily direct which makes him easy to defend against, and he is without the raw pace of Joe Tomane, or the bulldozing weight of Taqele Naiyaravoro.
Karmichael Hunt just hasn't really done much. As an accomplished Test and State of Origin league player, he is the type of player who most often benefits from hope. After all, what else but hope could have had him picked at 10 for the Reds in the first game of a Super Rugby season when he'd never played there in rugby before.
But Cheika is immune to the charms of player's yesteryears, and if he's not delivering now, then there is no place. Incidentally the charm of yesteryear was also off the table for James O'Connor, who must now be wondering about the wisdom of his move to the poorly coached and desperate Reds.
If we're talking about the need to breed uncertainty in the opposition, then how does that sit with the selections of the relative old-stagers, Matt Giteau and Drew Mitchell? The fact is that Giteau and Mitchell are top performers at the peak of their game, but not only that, they bring European experience and a fresh approach for the likes of New Zealand and South Africa who haven't seen them for a while.
Mitchell's championship-winning try for Toulon might have been aided by some so-so tackling, but it showed that his trademark balance in contact, agility and strength are still as good as ever. As for Giteau, it is his maturity and confidence that actually enable Cheika to be brave in other selections. One can afford to throw Samu Kerevi into a Test backline alongside Giteau, but perhaps not alongside, say, Matt Toomua.
There has been less scope for Cheika to be brave and radical with his back five in the pack. Sam Carter's injury has undoubtedly meant that James Horwill stays in the frame for a little longer, but in reality, Horwill's season has been dire and he will be one of the first to be cut.
Dean Mumm's inclusion has created plenty of debate. The word around Tahland is that the recent captain of the Exeter Chiefs has added plenty of leadership to the Waratahs camp. Clearly that's valuable in a World Cup year, but there's not exactly a leadership vacuum in that squad.
One thing is for sure, Cheika doesn't play politics, so there's a reason Mumm is in there, even if it isn't immediately apparent to us mere mortals. Lineout intelligence is a very likely reason, particularly since Mumm has faced most of the England and Wales jumpers and those two games are critical to the Wallabies progressing from their pool.
Advertisement
Advertisement
At number 8, there is a dearth of real choice. Cliffy Palu is too injured, Ben McCalman too light and Scott Higginbotham too loose. Ita Vaea is unlucky not to be given a crack given his recent form, although he does have that uncomfortably chunky look of a player who is a way off peak fitness.
Higginbotham is the pick of the three and the best foil for a likely number 6 and 7 combo of Scott Fardy and Dave Pocock, but given George Smith has been a standout at number 8 for his club side Lyon in the Top 14, it is a shame not to see him in action early in the Rugby Championship. Word is that he will feature at the World Cup and it would be staggering to think otherwise. Test teams fear Smith and he fills the Cheika criteria of creating uncertainty in the opposition.
A few other random comments – Luke Jones unlucky, but perhaps lacking the sheer size and experience needed. Lopeti Timani's form has been patchy for sure, but for mine he has the look of the big game player and we need hard men, so it's a little surprising that he's not there.
Paul Alo-Emile is desperately unlucky to be injured and so are the Wallabies that he is, but the flipside of dejection is elation, and Greg Holmes must have been stoked to be included. He deserves it of course, having been in fantastic form in an oft-beaten Reds team.
Despite a few curious selections, the squad largely has what we all crave at selection time, and yet rarely receive – a team of form players and some pleasant surprises.
It's a squad that has a few weaknesses, not a few strengths and at its heart has cast aside that desperate predictability of recent years. It has spice and freshness and there's a sense that the caps, when they are finally handed out, will have been earned.
It's a squad picked without fear, loyalty or hope. Australian fans can't ask for more than that.
CARPENTERSVILLE – As many successful businesses often do, ScholarBuys started in a basement.
And as many successful businesses have had to do in recent years, ScholarBuys has flourished despite a tanked economy. It started up in fall 2007, just as the recession kicked in.
Co-founders Matt Ryan of Huntley and Bob Smith of Elmhurst had worked together previously in software licensing, but were let go by that company.
"Bob had a baby on the way and I had a 6-month-old at home," Ryan said. "It was definitely a scary time, but you've got to take some risk to reap the rewards, and it's definitely worked out for us."
ScholarBuys partners with academic consortia throughout the country and negotiates agreements with technology publishers.
"Our primary focus is higher-education independent colleges," said Ryan, who serves as vice president of operations and marketing. "We outfit their entire campus with licensing for products, such as Microsoft and Adobe."
Reasons for growth include a partnership with North Carolina Independent Colleges and Universities, and the Federation of Independent Illinois Colleges.
"We're kind of their technology arm," Smith said. He is the company's vice president of sales. "We work with manufacturers to recognize these schools that all share a common bond."
This allows for special pricing that the schools would not receive on their own, he said.
The fact that the business started during a poor economy was advantageous in that schools are trying to save money in any way possible to stretch their budgets, Ryan said.
"We pretty much were confident that if we went ahead with this plan, we'd be in good shape," he said. "We started out in my basement and we were profitable in about six weeks."
Entirely self-funded with a start-up budget of about $15,000, ScholarBuys was named on Inc. 5000's list of the fastest growing companies in America in 2012.
"Our first year we did around $4.4 million [in revenue] and our most recent year, 2012, finished around $11.4 million," Ryan said.
They've also added six more employees for a total of eight. Three are on the operations and marketing side and five are in sales.
There are plans to expand.
"That's always a challenge, finding the right fit," Ryan said. "The majority of the folks we have working for us are new to the job market, recent grads. All of us have at least a bachelor's degree."
Smith said they've been able to watch their employees grow alongside the company, buying homes in the area.
ScholarBuys started in Ryan's basement, but has moved around a few places and landed in a much better-suited space in the Otto Engineering building on Main Street in Carpentersville.
They don't plan to move anytime soon.
"I think there's room to grow here," Ryan said. "With what Otto has done to the downtown area, they made it attractive to stay."
* * *
ScholarBuys:
What: A reseller of computer software and hardware that negotiates agreements between publishers and consortia.
Where: 11 W. Main St., Suite 202, Carpentersville
When: Service and sales call center is open Monday through Friday, 8 a.m. to 5 p.m.
Information: 847-783-7185 or ScholarBuys.com.
Looking for news you can trust?
Subscribe to our free newsletters.
The GOP presidential field looks like it's starting to gel, but, via Byron York, Rep. Peter King (R–N.Y.) says we might see one more familiar face:
Former New York mayor Rudy Giuliani, whose presidential campaign fizzled in 2008, is leaning toward another race for the White House, according to a close associate. New York Republican Rep. Peter King, who has known Giuliani for more than 40 years, says the former mayor “is very close to saying he's going to run.” “If he were to make the decision today, he would run,” says King.
Giuliani wouldn't be the most perplexing name floated for the GOP presidential nomination. That honor belongs to Rep. Thaddeus McCotter (R-Mich.), who you'll probably have to Wikipedia, or perhaps King himself, who told supporters he would consider running if he thought it would be good for the Nassau County Republican Party.
But I'd be pretty skeptical of the latest Rudy rumor (there have been rumblings for a while), for the very simple reason that there doesn't seem to be any conceivable way Giuliani, thrice-married and previously supportive of abortion and gay rights, would win the Republican nomination. If anything, his odds in 2012 might be even worse than his chances in 2008, when he flopped fantastically. Since then, he's launched a second career consulting for South American police forces and lobbied for an Iranian dissident group that's considered a terrorist group by the State Department (which at least one law professor has suggested would count as material support for terrorism). Meanwhile, his signature issue—his handling of 9/11—almost certainly lost any vestigal relevance when Osama bin Laden was killed in Pakistan last month. Oh, and then there's this guy.
Kind of an uphill struggle, in other words.
Carlos Gomez will bring needed outfield depth to Texas. (AP)
The Texas Rangers have agreed to sign outfielder Carlos Gomez, sources told Yahoo Sports Saturday.
Gomez, 30, batted .210 in 85 games with the Houston Astros. He was released Thursday. Twice an All-Star, the hard-swinging Gomez has struggled for much of the past two seasons, but brings needed outfield depth to Texas.
Scroll to continue with content Ad
The Rangers this week lost outfielder Shin-Soo Choo to a fractured forearm. He could miss the remainder of the season. Ian Desmond, the converted shortstop, is a regular in center field, while the outfield corners have been a rotation of Jurickson Profar, Delino DeShields, Nomar Mazara, Ryan Rua, Drew Stubbs and Carlos Beltran.
Beltran is better suited as the regular designated hitter. Profar has batted .133 this month. DeShields is batting .228. The rookie Mazara has not hit lefties well.
The Rangers have a seven-game lead over the second-place Seattle Mariners in the AL West. Their lead over Gomez's former team, the Astros, is 10 ½ games.
Henderson hasn't played since injuring his hamstring against Edinburgh in early December.
Henderson hasn't played since injuring his hamstring against Edinburgh in early December.
IAIN HENDERSON WILL make his first Ulster start in almost four months in Friday night's trip to Glasgow Warriors (7.35pm).
Henderson missed the entirety of Ireland's Six Nations campaign with a hamstring injury but returns as one of four changes for the Pro12 clash in Scotstoun.
Stuart McCloskey, Callum Black and Alan O'Connor also return to the side which beat Zebre three weeks ago.
Paddy Jackson will win his 100th cap for the province when he again partners Ruan Pienaar in the half-backs.
Glasgow coach Gregor Townsend can call on 18 players from Scotland's Six Nations squad, including Player of the Championship nominee Stuart Hogg who starts at full-back.
Glasgow Warriors
15. Stuart Hogg
14. Tommy Seymour
13. Mark Bennett
12. Alex Dunbar
11. Sean Lamont
10. Finn Russell
9. Henry Pyrgos
1. Gordon Reid
2. Fraser Brown
3. Sila Puafisi
4. Jonny Gray (Captain)
5. Leone Nakarawa
6. Rob Harley
7. Chris Fusaro
8. Josh Strauss
Replacements:
16. James Malcolm
17. Jerry Yanuyanutawa
18. Zander Fagerson
19. Tim Swinson
20. Ryan Wilson
21. Grayson Hart
22. Duncan Weir
23. Taqele Naiyaravoro
Ulster
15. Stuart Olding
14. Craig Gilroy
13. Luke Marshall
12. Stuart McCloskey
11. Rory Scholes
10. Paddy Jackson
9. Ruan Pienaar
1. Callum Black
2. Rob Herring (capt)
3. Ricky Lutton
4. Alan O'Connor
5. Franco van der Merwe
6. Iain Henderson
7. Chris Henry
8. Nick Williams
Replacements:
16. John Andrew
17. Kyle McCall
18. Andy Warwick
19. Robbie Diack
20. Sean Reidy
21. Paul Marshall
22. Sam Windsor
23. Darren Cave
The42 is on Snapchat! Tap the button below on your phone to add!
The British pound suffered a “flash crash” earlier this morning in which it plummeted six percent against the US dollar within a matter of minutes. All signs point to high frequency stock trading as the culprit—and possibly a single algorithm.
“I initially doubted what I saw on my screen.”
Advertisement
The British pound fell by more than six percent this morning, suddenly dropping to $1.18, a value that hasn't been seen in 31 years. The currency quickly rebounded, finally settling in at about $1.24. The so-called “flash crash” was brief, but it's still sending shockwaves throughout the financial world.
“I initially doubted what I saw on my screen,” said Kenji Yoshii, a foreign exchange strategist at Mizuho Securities, in the Wall Street Journal.
Advertisement
Normally, dramatic drops like this are triggered by major news events, such a declaration of war or a monumental political development. But experts say this incident was likely the result of trading algorithms that were reacting to recent comments made by French President Francois Hollande, who called for tougher Brexit negotiations.
“Apparently it was a rogue algorithm that triggered the sell-off after it picked up comments made by the French President, Francois Hollande, who said if Theresa May and [company] want hard Brexit, they will get hard Brexit,” noted Kathleen Brooks, research director at City Index.
She says that some modern algorithms trade on the back of news sites, and even on what's trending on social media sites like Facebook and Twitter. “[A] deluge of negative Brexit headlines could have led to an algo taking that as a major sell signal for GBP,” said Brooks. “Once the pound started moving lower than more technical algos could have followed suit.”
Advertisement
High frequency stock trading is a form of rapid-fire trading that involves algorithms, or bots, that can make decisions on the order of milliseconds. They're guided by factors such as time, price, some fancy math—and even headline news. Compared to these lightning-fast traders, humans are slower by an order of magnitude, which means we're increasingly being left out of the loop. Stock trading represents the first major domain in which we're getting AI to do most of the work, and an entirely new digital ecology is emerging.
But as this latest incident shows, mistakes do happen. This “rogue” bot (or bots—we still don't know what actually caused this latest flash crash) was clearly overreacting to the news, and the other algorithms reacted accordingly in a bizarre herd-like manner. Clearly, better safeguards need to be put into place to prevent these sorts of shenanigans.
Advertisement
This incident brings to the mind the flash crash of May 6, 2010, when the Dow Jones Industrial average fell 1,000 points in just a few minutes.
[AFP, New Scientist, WSJ]
Others had given thought to aging, of course—ancient Arabs had various special treatments just for the elderly—but no one person had drawn as much attention to theories of aging at the time as the McGill University-trained doctor Sir William Osler. Osler was the chief physician at Johns Hopkins Hospital in Baltimore for 14 years, but his notoriety could be captured in a subhead on his 1919 New York Times obituary: “‘Chloroform at 60' a jest.”
Osler had found unwitting global fame in 1905 after making an offhand comment during his Johns Hopkins valedictory address before repairing to England to teach at Oxford. Osler spoke of the “comparative uselessness of men above 40 years of age,” and made an apparently jocular reference to the Anthony Trollope novel The Fixed Period, which averred that man's work was done by age 40, and that he ought to be “chloroformed at 60.”
Ironic comments sometimes fail to travel with their quotation marks. Osler spent much of his remaining years on the earth insisting that, no, really, it was all in jest, and that he actually didn't believe people over 60 should be done in. (He was 55 when he made the speech. His Times obituary pointed out that “he reached the age of 70 himself, and his last 10 years formed a period of great activity and of his greatest influence.”)
During Weston's 1909 walk, Osler's accidental controversy was far from extinguished, and Weston—never averse to publicity—was happy to see his walk prompt the debate to flare anew. Discussion took place in newspapers and drawing rooms and among knots of people gathered along the roads to watch Weston pass by. Most had to agree that he looked healthy and active, and his life and vigor provided a welcome alternative to a lethal rag and eternal sleep. With his pluck and dauntless walking style, he demonstrated what those of advanced years can accomplish if they put their minds to it.
“Many physicians, of this city at least,” reported the New York Times, were watching his trip closely. “Their interest is not excited alone by the nature of the feat, though all hold it marvelous that a man of Weston's age is capable of even attempting it; they are looking deeper, watching for the effect which this example will have in renewing the lost interest in walking as a pastime and an exercise, and for the effect they believe it will have in counteracting the theory they condemn—the theory that at the age of 50 or thereabouts a man is ‘down and out.'”
A column in the Dallas Morning News admitted that many considered Weston's walk from ocean to ocean “foolishness” and “an idle waste of time.” But, the writer asked, was it “preferred to the needless senility into which far too many men begin to drift at the period of three score years and 10?” The writer chastised those who chose inertness when their working days were over, “lounging about in the sort of aimless apathy which benumbs the soul and closes up all the channels of sensation.” He went on: “Remember that there is mighty little excitement of divertissement in shuffling to town twice a day ‘for the mail,'” and that lapsing into indolence was “far more foolish and ill-advised than it was for Edward Payson Weston to start on his 70th birthday, to walk from New York to San Francisco.”
Inside BitTorrent's approach to building serverless messaging apps.
First, a few words on Chat's origins. Here at BitTorrent, we value privacy. With the news this year reminding us all of the susceptibility of the communications platforms we rely on to snooping, we found ourselves wanting something new, something secure, something private. We ultimately realized that we were uniquely qualified to build this platform.
The primary weakness that we see in the available communications platforms is that they all rely on some central server to route and store all of your communication. Even if your provider can deliver industry-standard security, they cannot provide you with any kind of assurance that your communication is private. All it takes is the right (or wrong) person gaining access to your provider's central servers, and your privacy evaporates.
Enter BitTorrent Chat. We're building a product that allows you to talk to your friends using peer-to-peer. No central authority required.
Solving for serverless chat
But how would this work? If you don't have a central authority, where do you login? Where is your username and password stored? How do you route connections between users? These are the engineering issues that we're tackling with Chat.
Using public key encryption to protect user privacy
With BitTorrent Chat, there aren't any “usernames” per se. You don't login in the classic sense. Instead, your identity is a cryptographic key pair. To everyone on the BitTorrent Chat network at large, you ARE your public key. This means that, if you want, you can use Chat without telling anyone who you are. Two users only need to exchange each other's public keys to be able to chat.
Using public key encryption provides us with a number of benefits. The most obvious is the ability to encrypt messages to your sender using your private key and their public key. But in public key encryption, if someone gains access to your private key, all of your past (and future) messages could be decrypted and read. In Chat, we are implementing forward secrecy. Every time you begin a conversation with one of your contacts, a temporary encryption key will be generated. Using each of your keypairs, this key will be generated for this one conversation and that conversation only, and then deleted forever.
Building an encrypted DHT
Underlying BitTorrent Chat is the method we use to translate a public key to an IP address. Just like our flagship products BitTorrent and µTorrent, Chat uses a distributed hash table to find IP addresses. The DHT removes the need for a central server to route messages. (Curious about DHT? A short reading list, below.)
In essence, the DHT is a web of peers cooperating. You ask your closest neighbor if they know of the person you are looking for. You then ask their neighbors, and their neighbors' neighbors, and so on. Eventually, you'll get to a peer (neighbor) who knows the address of the person you're looking for. They return this address to you. This is done in such a way that only you know who you are looking for. (The person you are looking up would also know.)
If you understand the fundamentals of the DHT, you might be wondering, “How is a DHT more secure? Aren't you giving your IP address out to the entire DHT? That's LESS secure than a central server!” With Chat, we are expanding on what we can use the DHT for. We have updated our DHT protocol to support encryption. The new DHT protocol enables users to find each other securely and privately.
We could go on forever about the engineering behind Chat. But that's all for now. Sign up for the Private Alpha for more details and the latest news. We can't wait for you to try out Chat!
Read more about DHT technology:
BitTorrent Tech Talk on the DHT
Wikipedia article on BitTorrent's version of the DHT
Wikipedia article on DHT technology in general
Wikipedia article on public key encryption
Wikipedia article on forward secrecy
Norway's Ministry of Culture has just proposed legislative changes designed to further crack down on illicit file-sharing. In addition to smoothing the way for Internet users to be monitored more easily by rightsholders, amendments have been tabled which would order file-sharing sites to be blocked at the ISP level. Top of the list, The Pirate Bay.
The spread of anti-filesharing measures across the United States and Europe appears to be accelerating at a somewhat dizzying pace. On an almost daily basis during the last few months stories about controversial and sometimes draconian measures to deal with online infringement have hit the headlines.
Say what you like about the big movie and music studios – they certainly know how to coordinate their lobbying to perfection. Timing like this, with legislation being mulled in many major markets simultaneously, sends a powerful message.
Adding to a growing list, Norway is the latest country to propose tough legislative amendments in favor of rightsholders.
“The Ministry of Culture today sends for comment on a proposal for amendments to the Copyright Act. With this we will give licensees the tools they need to follow up on copyright infringement on the Internet, while protecting privacy,” said Culture Minister Anniken Huitfeldt.
The main proposals come in two parts – making it easier for rightsholders to identify infringers from their IP addresses and, unsurprisingly, the wholesale ISP-level blocking of sites deemed to be infringing copyright on a large scale.
In order to monitor and collect IP address-based evidence on alleged file-sharers, currently Norway requires companies to be licensed by the Datatilsynet, the country's data protection office. The new amendments propose that this safeguard be relaxed. Monitoring companies will still have to register, but won't need a license to operate.
The process for rightsholders to extract personally identifying information from ISPs based on IP address evidence will also be streamlined.
“The rules for how licensees should be able to obtain information about who is behind an IP address used for illegal file sharing, is proposed to be simplified and clarified,” said Culture Minister Anniken Huitfeldt.
“Before making a decision about any identification made by the court, the Post and Telecommunications Authority may make a statement about whether ISPs should be released from confidentiality [obligations].”
The second amendment, and certainly the most controversial, is file-sharing site domain blocking as already suggested by the PROTECT IP bill in the United States and Digital Economy Act in the UK.
“While freedom of speech today will be maintained, it will open for the blocking of sites that clearly and in large-scale make available content in violation of copyright,” said Huitfeldt, who later confirmed during a press conference this would include The Pirate Bay.
The Minister said that any blockage orders would be imposed on Internet service providers after initially going through one of the two models suggested in the consultation paper.
The first would empower the country's Media Authority to authorize blocks, backed up by a complaints appeals board. The second would see the courts given authority to issue blocks under an amended Copyright Act.
Together, IFPI and music rights group TONO spent a year unsuccessfully pursuing the ISP Telenor in an attempt to force it to block subscriber access to The Pirate Bay. Eventually the pair conceded that there was “no legal authority under Norwegian law for such blocking requirements.”
In a comment they described the proposals from the Ministry of Culture as “a good start.”
It is expected that should the proposals be approved by their September 30th deadline, the bill will be adopted in 2012.
Workers at the borough's main landfill site have threatened to go on strike after a colleague was sacked for smoking an electronic cigarette.
The trade union UNITE have accused Viridor, who run a waste facility at Beddington Lane, of wrongly sacking Paul Scott, a worker at the site for seven years.
Mr Scott, of Carshalton, was spotted by a manager smoking and was told he had breached regulations.
The 55-year-old said he had been smoking an electronic cigarette, as he was trying to give up smoking, which he thought was not against company policy.
He said he was told during his disciplinary hearing that smoking an electronic cigarette was not allowed but it was a new part of company policy and had not been communicated to anyone.
A spokesman for Viridor said a robust investigation was carried out which concluded Mr Scoot was in breach of company policies and was dismissed as a result.
Onay Kasab, the UNITE regional officer, said as well as making a claim for unfair dismissal they are now formally consulting with union members to take action.
Mr Kasab said if strike action was to take place, it would be in the lead up to Christmas in mid-December.
He said if strike action was to take place it would affect bin collections in Croydon as the landfill site would not be able to function properly, and rubbish would have to be taken elsewhere.
The Beddington Lane site takes 63 per cent of waste from Croydon, Kingston, Merton and Sutton. There are more than 20 workers at the facility.
Mr Kasab said: "This really is quite appalling. This man has lost his job based on the word of one manager who thought he saw a cigarette.
"It simply is not appropriate to sack somebody based on this appalling lack of evidence and when the individual has offered a more than reasonable explanation.
"We have begun formally consulting with Unite members with a view to taking action to support our member".
Mr Scott said he was angry at how he was treated and said he will take the case to an employment tribunal.
He said: “I have been working in this industry for a long time, and I have worked at this plant for seven years.
“I was supposed to have been aware of this policy about electronic cigarettes but it was not communicated to anyone. So how am I supposed to know?
“It makes me angry really. You are being pulled up for the stupidest of things. I am out of work now for seven years service. I have not had a disciplinary ever before.
“It is a very long shot that I will get to go back. Hopefully if people decide to strike then that will put some pressure on them.
“I have got a lot of people on my side as they are disgusted with outcome of this, they are all standing behind me.”
A spokesman for Viridor said they are yet to be approached by union representatives about any impending strike action.
Rugby union referee Nigel Owens reveals his struggle with eating disorder bulimia nervosa is not over and remains an ongoing battle.
There have been a number of 'firsts' in my life.
As a referee in world-class rugby, one of the most macho sports on the planet, I was the first in the sport to come out as being gay.
In the hope of reaching out to other young people struggling with mental health, I was also one of the first sportsmen to speak openly about the biggest regret of my life - a suicide attempt.
Early one morning at the age of 26, I left a note for my mum and dad, both of whom had been hugely supportive of me, explaining I couldn't carry on, that I desperately wanted to bring it all to an end.
I took an overdose, laid down on a Welsh mountainside and waited to die. Doctors later told me I was just 20 minutes from death when I was airlifted to hospital by a police helicopter.
So I got a second chance. I was determined not to waste it and using my experience to help someone else is a pretty good way of ensuring that.
Which brings me onto another 'first'; I've spoken about dealing with bulimia in the past but have never before revealed that to this day I continue to struggle with an eating disorder.
Since the age of 18, I have had bulimia nervosa.
Image caption Refereeing a local game not long after first picking up the whistle
It is a disorder of overeating followed by fasting or self-induced vomiting or purging.
It was a secret I was still battling to control as I stepped on to the pitch to referee the Rugby World Cup in 2015.
And I'm not alone.
Eating disorders have the highest death rate of any mental health illness and are estimated to affect 1.6 million people in the UK. Around 400,000 are thought to be men and boys.
And that number is growing.
The reasons vary from person to person; body image, obsessive exercise, sporting achievement and the relentless bombardment of ripped physiques on social media and so on.
When I was growing up in a small village in rural Carmarthenshire, west Wales, over 30 years ago, social media didn't exist.
I enjoyed a happy childhood with loving, supportive parents, grandparents, uncles and aunties. I had a good time at school and loved to go fishing and, of course, play rugby.
So far, so normal.
But when I reached my late teenage years, things changed. I started to realise that I was different, that "something was wrong".
In the world I grew up in, you get a girlfriend, you get married, you have children, become grandparents… and that's the way the world turns.
But I was finding myself attracted to men and couldn't figure out what on earth was going on.
Image caption Nigel was a teenager when depression over his sexuality began
Image caption No one around him had any idea about the dark secret behind his weight loss (Nigel, left)
It was totally alien to me. I had no idea what being gay was, I'd never even met a gay person before.
Desperate not to become this person, I struggled to suppress him. I felt I was lying to my parents, the people that mattered the most to me, which went against everything I'd been taught.
I became very depressed.
Add to the burden the fact that I was overweight, about 16.5 stone (105 kg).
In my eyes I was obese and thought "no-one who I find attractive was ever going find me attractive while I'm fat".
So, I started making myself sick.
Find out more
Panorama: Men, Boys and Eating Disorders on BBC One and BBC iPlayer 24 July 2017 at 20:30 BST
Nigel Owens: Bulimia and Me on BBC One Wales and BBC iPlayer on 24 July 2017 at 20:30 BST
Links to organisations offering support on eating disorders below or visit BBC Action Line
For help and information on eating disorders visit BBC Advice
I loved food then as much as I do now. I'd eat all I wanted then go the loo and make myself sick.
I suffered from mild colitis, a bowel condition, so would use that as an ideal excuse to friends when I had to slip off to the toilet all the time. I was lying and being sly which only exacerbated my depression.
Before long I was bringing up every meal I ate.
Over a period of four months, I'd lost five stone.
No-one suspected a thing. I was running and training a lot and my friends and family could see me scoffing food every mealtime, so as far as they were concerned I was eating well. I was training hard so outwardly I looked fit and healthy.
An eating disorder wouldn't have crossed anyone's mind. There wasn't much awareness back then and if there was it was associated with young girls.
Meanwhile, I was about to get sucked even further into the vortex of self-harm and depression.
Image caption Nigel as a teenager with his mother in the family home in Mynyddcerrig, Carmarthenshire
In my eyes, I was now too thin and now thought "no-one I find attractive is ever going to find me attractive while I'm skinny".
So I went to the gym and began using steroids. I became hooked on them for the next seven, eight years.
Mental health issues, depression over my sexuality, bulimia and steroids - my life was an unrelenting nightmare.
I was broken.
I'll never forgive myself for what I put my parents through. Imagine getting up in the morning and finding that goodbye letter, the sheer panic that they're never going to see their son again.
But if there was any consolation from this dreadful event, it was while recovering in hospital that my life began to turn around.
Image caption Nigel with his father and late mother whom he describes as "pillars of strength"
I tried to come to terms with who I was, I stopped taking the steroids and tried to fight against the bulimia.
After years of struggling with an eating disorder it was when my beloved mother was diagnosed with cancer and given a year to live that I finally vowed to stop. I was 36 then. It stopped for a few years.
I never sought professional help but I took advice from a professional nutritionist and followed a food plan. I cut a lot of carbohydrates from my diet and trained differently and I was in the best shape I'd ever been in, physical and mentally.
The bulimia had stopped and I was doing the right thing to keep my weight down by eating sensibly. I would have treats but in moderation, I'm a big believer in that. Trouble can rear its head when you totally deny yourself some pleasures in life like chocolate or the odd pint of beer.
In 2015 I reached the pinnacle of my career - I refereed a World Cup Final - in a memorable match between New Zealand and Australia.
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Ben Smith of New Zealand is shown the yellow card during the 2015 Rugby World Cup final at Twickenham
Image copyright Getty Images
I'm known for being a steely, authoritative and, I hope, fair referee. As I walked onto the pitch that day, no-one would have believed that I was battling the creeping return of my bulimia.
In the run up to the Rugby World Cup, I'd been under huge pressure to reach certain fitness levels - you have to reach an advanced level on the Yo-Yo Endurance Test (a variation on the bleep test used to measure physical fitness).
Fitness expectations are extremely high, particularly for somebody who was 44 years of age. Bear in mind international athletes in their prime, in their 20s, are expected to reach that level and I was expected to do the same.
I was training hard but knew that if I could only shed four to five kilos my chances of passing the fitness test would improve - I'd be carrying less weight and my body would take longer to get tired.
I remember looking at the mirror and thinking: "Damn. I could get rid of this quite quickly."
And so the bulimia returned.
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Refereeing demands fitness to keep up with elite athletes half his age
Once I'd passed the test, I resumed a good routine of fitness and nutrition and went into the Rugby World Cup in peak condition.
What an incredible honour and experience that was. I'm not blowing my own trumpet but you're refereeing the world cup final, you're considered the best in the world.
Not bad going for a former farmworker from west Wales eh? And a world away from the first time I'd picked up a whistle as a 16-year-old having accepted I was never going to make it as a player.
But the following year, the pressure was off and I notice I was putting on weight and so the bulimia returned.
It might have been twice a week then nothing for months and months. I know it does more harm than good so why do I still do it from time to time? I don't know.
But what I do know is that unless I control what I eat and I'm sensible about it, there's going to come a time when I'm going to put on weight and I'm going to end up making myself sick again.
So I do everything I can to prevent getting to that stage.
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Referee of the Year Award at the World Rugby Awards in London 2015
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Awarded an MBE for services to sport in 2016
For those who are caught up in eating disorders and say there's nothing they can do about it, I understand what they are saying because it takes you over and you feel there is nothing you can do.
But I would urge anyone suffering to do something - seek professional advice, tell people about it, don't hide it, don't lie about it, that's a great first step.
I thought I was in control but since making the Panorama programme, I've realised I'm not.
I came back from refereeing the England summer tour in Argentina a few weeks ago. While I was out there, I made myself sick three to four times - I think because I was eating more food than I needed.
It's been a reality check. Speaking to experts I acknowledge now that I need to do something, to sit down and speak to someone and try and get this out of my life forever.
People who've never had an eating disorder can try to imagine what it's like but they will never know.
It's not as bad as 30 years ago but even today there's an attitude towards conditions like anorexia of 'oh for God's sake, don't be silly, eat some food!'. If only it was that easy.
After all I've experienced in my life and having to deal with the pressure out in the field of making split-second decisions in front of millions of people, you would think I'd be strong enough to stop my bulimia.
Image caption Boxer Bradley Pryce talks on Panorama about how he resorted to making himself sick to get his weight down
I'm speaking openly about it because I know that men and boys can view it as a sign of weakness by admitting there's a problem that you can't sort out yourself.
But it's not a sign of weakness; it's a sign of great strength to do that.
On the programme I speak to professional boxer Bradley Pryce who made himself in the past sick to lose weight. You see these guys in the ring and think they embody mental toughness and physical strength.
It goes to show that everybody can suffer from it - a world cup rugby referee, young teenage boys and professional boxers.
If men can find it within themselves to open up about their own experiences of eating disorders, you would find them in all walks of life and in every sport in the world.
Image copyright Respect the ref campaign
One of the experts I've spoken to highlights how much body image has changed for men. A generation ago manliness would have been seen as being good at sport, providing for the family. Now there's so much more emphasis on being muscular, having a ripped body with a six-pack.
And if you don't have a six-pack you're not going to be happy and no-one's going to like you. That's complete rubbish. And for the majority of us this is a totally unrealistic expectation.
So the more men do open up and talk about eating disorders, then the easier it's going be to bust the stigma that this is only a female problem and, more importantly, raise awareness of the help needed to tackle this and ensure the funding is in place to provide it.
As for me, I'm focusing on passing the fitness test for the 2019 world cup. What the challenges will be when I finish refereeing and I won't have to train for something specific, I really don't know.
But one thing I absolutely do know is that the bulimia can't carry on. And I just hope that by speaking about my experience I can help many others reach the same conclusion.
It's not always easy to get the help you need when you need it so the sooner you start talking to people the better.
Don't be in my situation; 27 years on and still suffering from it.
is planning a hard push to recruitandback to the Lakers as free agents in the summer, a source familiar with Bryant's thinking told NBA.com as Fisher prepares to return to Staples Center as a member of the Thunder.
Whether either would be receptive is unclear – Fisher and Odom loved their seasons in Los Angeles, but were hurt to be traded within the last 3 ½ months. It is known, however, that Bryant plans to use his close friendship with both to convince them that a reunion is in everyone's best interest, bruised egos and all.
Management — unable to comment on interest in players on another roster — will have to be convinced as well. One of the main reasons Fisher was dealt to the Rockets along with a first-round pick March 15 for seldom-used big man Jordan Hill was the concern over how Fisher would handle playing behind new acquisition Ramon Sessions at point guard. As general manager Mitch Kupchak said the day of the trade:
“It crossed our minds, but I know he would have been professional. Personally, I think it would have been a tough position to put a player like that in.”
Odom, an especially sensitive player, was so hurt to learn he had nearly been traded as part of the Chris Paul blockbuster that he asked the Lakers to complete the breakup and trade him for good. Days later, in a surprising development for an organization that had stood its ground on far-uglier trade demands in the past, Odom was sent to Dallas as the beginning to what has become a disappointing 2011-12 for all involved and prompted obvious questions about his future.
“I have no control over that,” Odom said 2 ½ weeks ago. “That's the business of basketball, and this is not the time to worry about the business of basketball.”
Odom is under contract for next season, but it is only partially guaranteed and the Mavericks could easily hold the door open for a free-agent departure July 1. Fisher is signed through the end of the season after negotiating a buyout with the Rockets and joining Oklahoma City, the team the Lakers and everyone else is chasing in the West.
Bryant has kept in contact with both, though he said conversations center on personal matters and not basketball. He has kept in particularly close contact with Fisher, part of the Bryant inner-circle like few others, and says, again, they have not talked about what happens in free agency. Still, it is clear from people with knowledge of Bryant's thinking that he will be lobbying to have the two very popular former Lakers return to the fold.
Asked about the possibility late Tuesday night, after the Lakers played in Oakland, of a reunion with Fisher, Bryant told NBA.com, “I don't know. I would hope so. But I don't know. When Fish and I talk, it's about personal things because we've known each other for so long. Lamar too. We keep that other stuff out of it. It's family, how are you doing, stuff like that.”
Has he talked to Odom about the idea?
“No, not about that, because I don't want to interfere with what he has going on in Dallas,” Bryant said. “Right now, it's just more about him being OK and making sure that he's doing what he can to help the Dallas Mavericks out.”
The topic will inevitably come up over the next couple days, as Fisher returns to Los Angeles and the Thunder play the Lakers on Thursday.
“It's going to be strange, him going to the visitors' locker room,” Bryant said. “It's going to be strange. I talk to him pretty much every single day, though. Still. In terms of our personal relationship, this really hasn't been any separation in that sense. But seeing him come into Staples Center in a different uniform is going to be extremely, extremely weird for us all.”
Category: HT News / Tags: , Derek Fisher, Kobe Bryant, Lakers, Lamar Odom / 128 Comments on Kobe Wants Odom, Fisher Back /
Nested conditionals
Nested conditionals are a far bigger problem in other languages and usually tend to be caused by having functions that are just too long and should already be split up but there are times when these come up and it'd be nice to have a concise way of dealing with them.
An example could be something like this
defmodule Example do
def authorised?(user) do
case UserAuthenticator.authorised?(user) do
{:ok, _user} ->
true
{:error, _user} ->
case LegacyUserAuthenticator.authorised?(user) do
{:ok, _user} ->
true
{:error, _user} ->
false
end
end
end
end
Not terribly elegant piece of code and slightly tricky to read as well. Imagine if instead of returning simple boolean we'd execute some longer piece of logic instead 😓
We could split up the authorised?/1 function to get rid of the nesting by doing something like this
def authorised?(user) do
case UserAuthenticator.authorised?(user) do
{:ok, _user} ->
true
{:error, _} ->
legacy_authorized?(user)
end
end
defp legacy_authorized?(user) do
case LegacyAuthenticator.authorised?(user) do
{:ok, _user} ->
true
{:error, _} ->
false
end
end
Hooray no more nesting 🙌 And by using the techniques from earlier on in this series we could eliminate the conditionals altogether to get something like this
def authorised?(user) do
user
|> UserAuthenticator.authorised?()
|> check_authorised()
end
def check_authorised({:ok, _}), do: true
def check_authorised({:error, user}) do
user
|> LegacyAuthenticator.authorised?()
|> check_legacy()
end
def check_legacy({:ok, _}), do: true
def check_legacy(_), do: false
This is nice when you have nesting in both branches of the initial conditional as it allows you to split all of that up across lot of little functions.
Fortunately with our example we only have a nested conditional in one of the branches which allows us to look at an alternative using the the with statement
def authorised?(user) do
with {:error, _} <- UserAuthenticator.authorised?(user),
{:error, _} <- LegacyAuthenticator.authorised?(user) do
false
else
{:ok, _} -> true
end
end
😮 😍
But, as The Chicago Tribune reported at the time:
“On the eve of the House debate to impeach President Clinton for lying about sex with Monica Lewinsky, House Speaker-elect Bob Livingston told his Republican colleagues Thursday night that he had strayed from his marriage and had adulterous affairs. Only a few hours after Livingston decided to proceed with the impeachment debate despite U.S. forces being engaged in hostilities in Iraq, he admitted in a G.O.P. caucus that he had “on occasion” committed infidelity and in ‘doing so nearly cost me my marriage and family.'”
And Livingston wasn't the only Republican moving to impeach Clinton for lying about a sexual affair who would be forced out of the shadows for his own sexual scandals.
J. Dennis Hastert, who became speaker in 1999, pleaded guilty last year to illegally structuring bank withdrawals in order to pay what prosecutors contend was hush money to a man Hastert had sexually abused as a child. Indeed, as The Times reported in April, federal prosecutors asserted that Hastert “molested at least four boys, as young as 14, when he worked as a high school wrestling coach decades ago,” before the Clinton impeachment hearings.
Henry Hyde, chairman of the House Judiciary Committee, who The Times reported had raised “the specter of the Watergate era” when discussing Clinton, admitted to a journalist during the proceedings that he'd had a five-year affair with a married woman decades earlier.
Dan Burton, House Government Reform and Oversight Committee chairman, who The Washington Post described as “one of President Clinton's most persistent and combative critics,” was forced to admit that he had a secret love child.
And, just last week, The Times reported:
“Kenneth W. Starr, the former independent counsel who delivered a report that served as the basis for President Bill Clinton's impeachment in 1998, was removed as president of Baylor University on Thursday after an investigation found the university mishandled accusations of sexual assault against football players.”
The sweep of karma and the level of hypocrisy is just staggering.
No wonder nearly two-thirds of Americans opposed Clinton's impeachment, and he emerged from the impeachment with record-high approval ratings.
Pripyat was founded in 1970 to house workers for the Chernobyl Nuclear Power Plant. It was officially proclaimed a city in 1979 but was abandoned in 1986 following the Chernobyl disaster. Currently Pripyat is being supervised by the Ministry of Emergencies of Ukraine as part of the Zone of Alienation jurisdiction.
The city was named after the river it was founded by.
This old picture shows the road from the bridge to the city.
This is what it looks like now.
“Lenin's Party is the power of the nation! It is meant to lead to country to triumph of Communism!”
The city has become overgrown with trees and it is difficult to see the houses now.
An elite residential house on Kurchatov Street.
Now it doesn't look like it's elite at all.
A telephone booth.
'Hannity' Preview: Cruz Says Trump Is 'Pretending,' Voters Are Being 'Lied To'
Cain: Trump Protesters Have 'Drank the Fool-Aid'
Florida Gov. Rick Scott said it's time for Republicans to rally around Donald Trump and stop helping Hillary.
"He is clearly going to get the nomination, if you look at last Tuesday and how well he did," Scott said On the Record. "All the anti-Trump movement is doing now is helping Hillary. We need to, in contrast...help Donald Trump win this race. This is important to our country. We need to have somebody that's going to focus on jobs, jobs, jobs and defending this country."
Scott, who endorsed Trump after he won the Florida primary, said that he thinks the GOP frontrunner would be a "very good president."
"I think he is going to help us get jobs going. We've done it in Florida, we've added over a million jobs, but we need to do that nationwide."
Scott said that he wouldn't tell Ted Cruz or John Kasich to get out of the race, but he believes the "pure anti-Trump" rhetoric needs to stop, because it only serves to help Clinton.
Watch the interview above.
Anti-Trump Protesters Storm Hotel Grounds, Tear Down Barriers at Speech Site
Peters: 'We Need a President Who Will Give Military the Order to Win'
Bobby Knight: I'm Doing My Duty as an American by Supporting Trump
The Economist recently published a very good primer on water desalination . It contains some cautious prediction about future growth of thermal and membrane desalination plants, but all of that could change if Mohammed Rasool Qtaisha, a chemical engineering PhD student at the University Ottawa, has his way. He founded Water for All with the goal of turning seawater into drinking water on a large scale, and it seems like he has a breakthrough.
We can't be 100% sure yet because his technology is secret and patent-pending, but he claims that his new membrane technology is 600 to 700% more efficient than what is currently on the market. "His prototype is able to run on solar panels and produce 50 kilograms of water per metre square of the membrane per hour [...] current technology would produce about seven to eight kilograms per metre per hour."One reason why he doesn't reveal too much about his invention yet:
But Mr. Qtaishat is up against stiff competition. General Electric has a large water purification division looking into similar technology and the U.S.-based National Science Foundation recently announced a $2.5-million grant to the University of Michigan to assemble a crack team of experts to study the same thing.
Of course, we must use our current water resources much better, especially in parts of the world where it is abundant (that's where there's the most waste). But in other parts of the world, even with extreme conservation and efficiency measures, drinking water is still scarce and an extended drought could turn a difficult situation into a humanitarian crisis, especially now with global warming.
Large-scale water desalination, especially if powered by clean energy, could make life much better for millions of people. Best of luck to Mohammed Rasool Qtaisha and all the others working on this hard problem.
Water Desalination
How to Green Your Water
Australia to Build Huge Desalination Plant
Low Temp Desalination Technology From New Mexico Water Resources Research Institute
Desalination: Now with Half the Energy
More on Water for All Desalination Technology
Ottawa student may hold secret to Water For All
CTV Atlantic
Halifax Regional Police are urging Dartmouth residents to be cautious following a recent rash of thefts from motor vehicles.
Police say they received 10 reports of items stolen from unattended vehicles on July 1. They say the thefts happened in the areas of Nadia Drive, Parkstone Road, Albro Lake Road, Jackson Road, Sea King Drive, Woodland Avenue, Lancaster Drive and Fury Drive.
Police say in most cases, the vehicles were left unlocked with attractive objects left in plain sight.
“Citizens should remove all items from their vehicles (e.g. global positioning systems (GPS), satellite radios, cell phone chargers or other equipment that appears valuable) and lock the doors upon exiting,” said Const. Diane Woodworh of Halifax Regional Police in a news release.
“If it is absolutely necessary to leave items in your vehicle, they should be locked in the trunk out of plain sight before arriving at your destination.”
Anyone with information on the thefts is asked to contact Halifax Regional Police or Crime Stoppers.
TI launched a kit for its Sitara AM437x SoC, focused on multi-protocol industrial communication and motor feedback. with dual PRU-linked Ethernet ports.
In only a week, embedded Linux developers looking to tap the powers of the Texas Instruments Sitara AM437x system-on-chip have seen their options advance from one to three. Last week, MYIR launched a $99 “Rico Board” SBC built around TI's Cortex-A9 based AM437x, and now TI has spun a “AM437x Industrial Development Kit” (IDK). The board is optimized for motor feedback applications and industrial Ethernet protocols controlled by the SoCs quad-core Programmable Real-time Unit (PRU). The AM437x IDK joins TI's more feature-rich, $599 AM437x EVM, which was released when the chipmaker announced the SoC last June.
AM437x Industrial Development Kit
(click image to enlarge)
Sitara AM437x block diagram
(click image to enlarge)
The AM437x IDK helps developers optimize motor control industrial system design to evaluate multi-protocol, industrial communication and feedback interfaces on the SoC, says TI. It supports two of the four AM437x models — the AM4377 and 3D-enabled AM4379 models — both of which enhance the PRU subsystem with additional support for industrial protocols like EtherCAT. The PRU, which is also available in an earlier dual-core version available on TI's Cortex-A8-based Sitara AM335x, is designed for customizing I/O that requires deterministic, real-time processing and ultra-low-latency.The specialized IDK evaluation board was developed to meet the growing trend toward “connected drive solutions” with “digital motor feedback,” says TI. In such applications, industrial Ethernet protocols can reduce the latency between communications and control, says the company. The AM437x IDK is said to offer “certified, production-ready” industrial communication protocol support that provides a single-chip drive solution for Inverter, servo drive, or AC premium drive systems, says TI.
The AM437x IDK improves synchronization between communication and control, resulting in lower latency, and provides Field-oriented Control (FOC) for variable-frequency drives, says the company. Other applications include programmable logic controllers (PLCs) and Human Machine Interface (HMI), among others, says TI.
AM437x Industrial Development Kit block diagram
(click image to enlarge)
The AM437x IDK supports up to 1GB of DDR3L SDRAM, as well as 512KB of SPI flash. A microSD slot is also available. Other real-world ports include a micro-USB port, a gigabit Ethernet port, and two 10/100Mbps Ethernet transceiver ports controlled by two of the four PRU cores.
The board is further equipped with a 2-megapixel camera module, dual ADC inputs for motor control, and three phase brushless DC motor drivers, which use a PWM interface. A serializer for industrial 24v digital inputs is available to handle the input from the board's 60-pin and 40-pin expansion connectors. Additional features include eQEP and ENDATA interface connectors, a JTAG connector, and eight Industrial output LEDs.
The IDK supports protocols including EtherCAT, EnDat 2.1, BiSS, PROFINET, CANOpen, PROFIBUS, PowerLink, Ethernet/IP, SERCOS III, and IEC61850, says TI. The platform offers further support for motor axis position feedback and Sigma Delta Decimation filters.
AM437x EDM
By comparison, TI's main AM437x EDM board lacks the IDK's two Fast Ethernet ports and other motor control interfaces. However, it offers other features for more general evaluation and development purposes,m including an HDMI port, USB 2.0 OTG and host, dual CAN port, and audio I/O. It also features a touchscreen and a second camera module.
No details were mentioned about Linux or any other software except for support for TI's Code Composer Studio IDE. TI does note, however, that the $599 EVM solution ships with mainline Linux support. The “production-ready” IDK ships with schematics, BOM, user guide, benchmarks, software, demos, and other documentation, which already appears to be available for free download.
“The Sitara AM437x processors, with the quad-core PRU, offer the highest degree of integration enabling multi-protocol communication and feedback interface for an industrial single-chip drive solution,” stated Punya Prakash, marketing manager at TI.
Further information
The AM437x Industrial Development Kit (IDK) is available for $329. More information and links to direct sales are available at TI's AM437x IDK product page.
When Dawn Lavell-Harvard's young daughter asked what her advocacy work was all about, the president of the Native Women's Association of Canada tried to find a child-appropriate way to explain that girls like her are more likely to be killed or go missing than non-indigenous girls.
"An 11-year-old child looked at me and said, 'Well, I'm native,'" Ms. Lavell-Harvard recounted through tears as she addressed the Assembly of First Nations' chiefs gathering in Quebec on Thursday. "She said, 'And I'm a girl … Mommy, does that mean I'm in danger?'"
Ms. Lavell-Harvard's first instinct was to assure her daughter she would always protect her. "But I realized it was a promise I couldn't make," she said, "because in Canada, the truth is that our girls are in danger."
Story continues below advertisement
The Liberals this week announced the launch of the initial phase of a national inquiry into Canada's missing and murdered indigenous women. Ms. Lavell-Harvard's emotional words came on the eve of the government's first closed-door consultation session with victims' families from the Ottawa area.
Friday's meeting in the capital will be one of many across the country over the next two months, as the government formulates a plan for the national inquiry it hopes to launch this spring. The sessions will help determine the mandate and duration of the long-awaited federal probe, as well as who will lead it.
"After decades of denial and deflection, I'm pleased to say that Stephen Harper is no longer on our radar," Ms. Lavell-Harvard said, alluding to the former Conservative prime minister's remarks to the CBC last year, when he said an inquiry "isn't really high on our radar."
She also referenced RCMP Commissioner Bob Paulson's comments, made Wednesday before the same audience in Gatineau, in which he conceded there were unwanted racists on the federal force.
Ms. Lavell-Harvard said that for reconciliation to take place, Canadians must be brave enough to confront the social and historic ills that have perpetuated the tragedies, including the legacy of residential schools. "It's going to get ugly," she said. "There's going to be a lot of truth that's going to come out that people don't want to see."
And while an inquiry is an important "first step," she said action must immediately be taken to prevent the violence, particularly as it relates to the child-welfare system. "We know there's a direct connection between child-welfare apprehensions and our girls being in danger," she said.
In Winnipeg last year, Tina Fontaine's body was pulled from a river just days after the 15-year-old went missing from her foster-care placement at a downtown hotel. Less than a year later, another 15-year-old girl nearly died after a brutal attack allegedly at the hands of another teenaged foster charge who had been placed at the same hotel.
Story continues below advertisement
Story continues below advertisement
A months-long Globe investigation into Manitoba's emergency child-welfare system, launched in the wake of Tina's unsolved killing, found evidence of prolonged hotel stays, questionable supervision and other potential security concerns. On Nov. 30, the provincial government announced it had ended the use of hotels for temporary foster-care placements.
Ms. Lavell-Harvard said Canada "cannot afford any more stolen sisters" and that the federal government must be sure to consult survivors who narrowly avoided becoming another missing or murdered indigenous woman. "We can't wait until they're gone for their experience to matter," she said, later adding: "The war against our women rages on."
Grandiose, dramatic, harmonic and controversial – 200 hundred years after he was born, German composer Richard Wagner continues to inspire and stir debate.
From his musical style to his antisemitic views, and the Nazi government's use of his music, most people have a view of the composer.
He was born into a poor household on May 22 1813 in the Jewish quarters of Leipzig in the German state of Saxony.
Wagner went on to spend large parts of his life in exile due to his political ideas. After getting involved in an unsuccessful uprising in Dresden he had to flee to Paris and then Zurich.
Director of the Leipzig Opera Ulf Schirmer says Wagner's popularity comes from his ability to engage with the emotions being felt by the audience.
“Wagner has an unbelievable intensity in his works, and an incredible psychological credibility. He has a way of writing music that speaks directly to our feelings,” explained Schirmer.
Wagner's operas can be demanding. Das Rheingold, which tells the story of arguments between Norse gods and giants, is two and a half hours long.
Das Rheingold is only the first of four parts which form “Der Ring des Nibelungen”. “The Ring”, as it is called in English, lasts for 16 hours.
According to Schirmer, Wagner's work marks the start of modern music.
“I think all modern music is influenced by him. Not just modern music in the sense of what we sometimes call “ghetto music” – but all music, rock and pop as well. All of this wouldn't have been possible without Wagner. He was very important in the development of music, through his harmonies, through his directness, through his bombastic theatre. And artists still base their work on him today,” said Schirmer.
A week of nightly performances of Wagner's operas is taking place in Leipzig as his birthplace holds a major festival honouring the composer.
The PSM is a Soviet pistol from the late 1970s which has gotten itself quite the fanciful reputation here in the US, thanks to extreme rarity and some imaginative magazine articles. Common lore would have you believe that the PSM and its 5.45x18mm bottlenecked cartridge is capable of astounding feats of armor penetration, and that it was designed specifically for KGB assassins.
The truth is rather more mundane - the PSM was a sidearm for high ranking officers who did not want to deal with carrying a Makarov pistol. Much like the US use of the 1911 and the Colt 1903 back during WW2, general-rank Soviet officers carried sidearms as badges of rank, not as actual combat weapons. To that end, the PSM is extremely thin to make it as unobtrusive as possible. The 5.45x18mm cartridge is basically a centerfire .22 long rifle ballistically. It does offer armor penetration that would be surprising to some, because its metal jacket, mild steel core, and small frontal area are all beneficial in piercing Kevlar. That is a side effect of the design, however, and not an original intent.
Mechanically, the PSM is a simple blowback action, and very similar to the Makarov.
Thanks to Mike Carrick of Arms Heritage magazine for providing the PSM and its ammunition for this video! See his regular column here: https://armsheritagemagazine.com
Cool Forgotten Weapons merchandise! http://shop.bbtv.com/collections/forgotten-weapons
http://www.patreon.com/ForgottenWeapons
Older teenage girls are far more likely than younger girls, or boys of any age, to use social-networking sites like MySpace or Facebook, according to a recent study by the Pew Internet & American Life Project.
The study found that, while older girls use such sites the most, older boys are more likely to meet new people through them. Sixty percent of older boys, for example, say they use the sites to make new friends, while only 46 percent of older girls do. And older boys are more than twice as likely to say they use the sites to flirt.
“Older boys are much more expansive in their use of the sites,” said Amanda Lenhart, one of the study's two authors. “I believe that it has a lot to do with socialization. A lot of the media messages about safety tend to be aimed more at girls than boys.”
The study was conducted over a month last fall, through telephone interviews with households with minor children, who were identified from random calls over the last three years. The data was weighted to be nationally representative in terms of sex, age, education, race and other factors. ALEX MINDLIN
-24" x 36" 5-color Screenprint with metallics & 2-split fountains
-Signed/numbered edition of 70
-Hand-deckled edges
-$150
***On sale now
**In stock & ready to ship
Shipping info:
-US orders: $15 via USPS Priority Mail
-International orders: $50 via USPS Priority Mail
This piece features an except from T.S. Eliot's poem Burnt Norton Chapter III
About the artist: Tarek Benaoum (www.tarekbenaoum.com, Facebook) is an artist from the Paris, France who combines the art of Calligraphy with Graffiti in uniquely visual manners. He explores transforming simple text and phrases into works of free-flowing art.
This print was hand-pulled by master printer, Tony Clough at Serio Press
**Buy this print custom framed by Level Frames by clicking the "BUY IT FRAMED" button. Please note that they offer "floating" options for this print. Please contact them directly for this option.
**Otherwise, to buy only the print unframed, click the "ADD TO CART" button
Chuck Bednar for redOrbit.com – Your Universe Online
Experts from the Research Institute of the McGill University Health Centre (RI-MUHC) have identified a molecule in the brain that effectively serves as a limiter for the amount of information a person is capable of retaining, and found that removing it could improve our mental function and memory recall.
In the study, senior author Dr. Keith Murai, an associate professor in the Department of Neurology and Neurosurgery at McGill University in Montreal, and his colleagues used a mouse model to examine the role that the brain's cellular connections play in producing new memories. They demonstrated that a protein, FXR1P (Fragile X Related Protein 1), was responsible for suppressing the production of the molecules required for building new memories.
“Previous research has shown that production of new molecules is necessary for storing memories in the brain; if you block the production of these molecules, new memory formation does not take place,” Dr. Murai explained in a statement Thursday. “Our findings show that the brain has a key protein that limits the production of molecules necessary for memory formation. When this brake-protein is suppressed, the brain is able to store more information.”
Writing in the latest edition of the journal Cell Reports, Dr. Murai and his fellow researchers reported that when they selectively removed FXR1P from certain regions of the brain, new molecules were produced that actually strengthened the connections between brain cells. The findings correlated with improved memory recall in the mice, and could ultimately be used to devise new treatments for neurodevelopmental and neurodegenerative diseases like autism and Alzheimer's disease.
“The role of FXR1P was a surprising result,” explained Dr. Murai, whose laboratory focuses on understanding how proteins and their signaling complexes regulate synaptic morphology and function. “Previous to our work, no-one had identified a role for this regulator in the brain. Our findings have provided fundamental knowledge about how the brain processes information. We've identified a new pathway that directly regulates how information is handled and this could have relevance for understanding and treating brain diseases.”
“Future research in this area could be very interesting,” he added. “If we can identify compounds that control the braking potential of FXR1P, we may be able to alter the amount of brain activity or plasticity. For example, in autism, one may want to decrease certain brain activity and in Alzheimer's disease, we may want to enhance the activity. By manipulating FXR1P, we may eventually be able to adjust memory formation and retrieval, thus improving the quality of life of people suffering from brain diseases.”
In addition to Dr. Murai and his colleagues from McGill University, scientists from the Baylor College of Medicine, the National Institute of Neuroscience at the University of Brescia in Italy, the Department of Cellular and the University of Ottawa were involved in the study. Their research was supported by funding from the Canadian Institutes of Health Research (CIHR), the Natural Sciences and Engineering Research Council of Canada, and National Institutes of Health (NIH).
—–
Follow redOrbit on Twitter, Facebook and Pinterest.
Comments
comments
Barbados Surf Spots
Barbados is famous for it's blue skies, crystal clear water and year round sunshine. What is not as well know is that it has the Caribbean's most consistent surf. The islands are only 22km in width so wherever you are based and whatever the weather you will find waves. It is a year round destination but for the more advanced surfer October to March is the prime time.
The more advanced spots tend to be on the
Where is Barbados?
A closer look with some surf areas pinned:
East Coast/ Bathsheba area and the more beginner/intermediate breaks along the South coast
Advanced surf spots in Barbados
1. Soup Bowl
Type: Right hand barreling reef wave.
Location:
In one word: Epic
2. Parlors
In one word: Epic
Type: Right & left reef break.
Location:
In one word: Classic
3. Tropicana
Type: Left reef break
Location: West coast
In one word: Hollow
In one word: Hollow
Intermediate surf spots in Barbados
Type: Left Point break
Location: South coast
In one word: Perfect
2. Silver Sands
Type: Right reef break
Location: South coast
In one word: Fun
Type: Left reef break with sand
Location: South coast
In one word: Long
Beginner surf spots in Barbados
Type: Right & Left reef with sand bottom
Location: South coast
In one word: Paradise
Type: Right & Left reef with sand bottom
Location: South East coast
In one word: Tropical
Type: Reef and sand
Location: South coast
In one word: Mellow
“I've been going for over 20 years, and I'd put Soup Bowl as one of the top three waves in the world,” saidWhat is Soup Bowl?? It's one of the best right handers in the world and the most famous surf spots in Barbados.Here's our intro to some of the best surf spots on Barbados. We haven't put them in order and of course there are many that we have left out but it will give you an idea of how great a surf destination Barbados is.How crystal clear is the water!?!?!In the East coast town of Bathsheba.In the East coast town of Bathsheba.If that didnt wet your appetite have a look at surf pro Josh Kerr getting some nice waves at Soup Bowls and make the surf trip to Barbados yourself...
First it was Carlos Correa, then reportedly it was Francisco Lindor. You can now add last year's National League MVP to the list of young stars that aren't ready to sign contract extensions with their respective teams.
Following a report on Thursday that the Indians "dangled" a package of approximately $100 million in front of Lindor that he subsequently declined, it appears the Chicago Cubs made several efforts to lock up Kris Bryant prior to the season. However, talks between the two sides "got nowhere," a source said, according to Sports Illustrated's Tom Verducci.
Bryant's agent, Scott Boras, said the sides "were on the same page" in confirming the Cubs' pursuit in getting a deal done early with the slugger.
Although no extension appears imminent, Bryant was rewarded with a pre-arbitration salary of $1.05-million for 2017, breaking the record previously held by Los Angeles Angels stud Mike Trout.
Related: Agent says Correa will 'never' sign early multi-year contract
Boras revealed how Cubs President Theo Epstein - who was named among Time's 100 Most Influential People - goes about his business, which includes extensions.
"Theo does not settle on certain things," Boras said. "He offers a very limited range. You've got to give up an option year, a free-agent year, and he can move you whenever he wants to move you."
The super-agent's relationship with Epstein will be one to monitor. In addition to Bryant, Boras also represents young stars Bryce Harper and Corey Seager, shortstop Addison Russell, and right-hander Jake Arrieta - the latter of which is slated to become a free agent at season's end.
Vallis Wood iPod/iPad Docks
I recently stumbled across Vallis Woods Etsy profile page the other day and found myself hitting order before I knew what happened. I've been shopping with a heavy wood theme for my place at the moment and this stuff is going to fit in just fine! This company does a lot of interesting work with wood and they have a real talent behind these ideas and modern digital art designs.
Vallis wood is run by Mario and he uses only hardwoods from the great sustainable woodlands that surround Vallis Aurea in Croatia. Mario has been working with wood since he was a little child and clearly we have an artist who put his talent to good use.
The great old Romans called this area Vallis Aurea, and translated from Latin it means Golden Valley.
You can snap these up either the Vallis Wood website http://www.valliswood.com/ or if you have an Etsy account you can purchase securely through their as well via http://www.etsy.com/shop/valliswood. Prices for these items range from $45 an upwards and will definitely be a funky addition to your home.
Last time I looked at where major grocery stores are across the United States. Where you shop for groceries changes depending on what region you live in, but hunger and nutrition carries less variance. It's important that everyone has access to healthy food options, so I looked at the data, this time from Google and from a different angle. Instead of where stores are, I looked at how far away the nearest grocery store is.
The map above shows a sample of locations across the country, and line length represents distance to the nearest store. For example, in areas with a lot of lines headed to one spot is an area with fewer grocery stores. In contrast, mostly small line segments mean more grocery stores, and therefore less distance to travel to buy groceries.
Places where residents have limited access to grocery stores are called food deserts. However, there's no exact definition of what limited access means or what a long distance is. Some set a 10-mile marker whereas others say a store should be less than a mile away where there is a lot of pedestrian traffic.
So instead of define counties or census tracts as food deserts or not, I took an incremental approach. I pinged Google Maps every twenty miles, west to east and north to south, and asked for the nearest grocery store. There were about 9,600 observations.
Here's the distribution of distances from the sample:
The nearest grocery store is more than 10 miles away in about 36 percent of the country and the median distance is 7 miles. However, a lot of these areas are rural with few (if any) people who live there.
For example, if we zoom in on Montana (dots represent store locations), we see sparse roads in the northeast and then more stores as you sweep west.
It's similar in Wyoming.
From a visual standpoint, you essentially see population density in reverse. Longer distances (and typically fewer people) mean more prominent lines, whereas areas with a lot of stores blend into the background. This is obvious when you look at Texas.
Or in the west. It makes sense that actual deserts look like food deserts.
But what if you zoom in to cities and decrease the search radius? Here are grocery distances in Chicago with a search every two miles, instead of 20 miles like the above views:
This is interesting when you consider the disagreements in Chicago last week over the aggregates. The mayor cited a decline in overall food deserts, but people who work on the ground see it differently. I imagine someone familiar with the city could easily pinpoint areas on this map where just one grocery store could make a big difference. We didn't even look at population, income, zoning, transportation, or food price yet.
LOXAHATCHEE, Fla. — Authorities have arrested a man accused of throwing a live alligator through the drive-thru window of a Wendy's restaurant.
WPTV reported that Joshua James, 23, of Jupiter, Fla., faces multiple charges including aggravated assault with a deadly weapon.
It allegedly happened at a Wendy's drive-thru east of Loxahatchee, Fla., in October, but the suspect was just recently arrested.
Officials said the suspect pulled up for his order and the server handed him a drink. When she turned around, he allegedly reached into the back of his truck and threw a 3-and-a-half foot alligator through the drive-thru window.
Authorities said the suspect admitted to picking up the alligator and bringing it to the restaurant. The gator has since been released in a nearby canal, according to WPTVD.
The suspect has also been charged with illegally killing, possessing or capturing an alligator and second-degree larceny petit theft.
Florida man charged on assault with deadly weapon after tossing gator in Wendy's drive-thru https://t.co/womNaAHj2m pic.twitter.com/fDSIgjF9lM — WPTV (@WPTV) February 8, 2016
In a statement posted on its website, the Paris police prefecture outlined rules for sun bathing outdoors and at the popular Paris Plages annual event that has sandy beaches and deckchairs laid out on the river bank.
Police said it is not forbidden "when the thermometer rises a few degrees to put on your best bathing suit and find a little corner of grass or the welcoming banks of the Seine to put down your towel."
The guidelines specify that bathing suits should not be worn in official city parks and that dress should be "decent and in accordance with good morals and public order."
Those wearing inappropriate dress could be fined at least €38 (£30), with cash penalties of up to €3,750 (£2,950) and two years in jail if suspected of soliciting sex,.
But unlike many beaches in elsewhere in France, topless sunbathing or nudity is completely forbidden on the banks of the River Seine.
With simulation lag being ignored and likely never getting fixed, I'm setting on an odyssey to find the the right software and hardware set up that does not have this issue! In order to do that, I kind of need to collect data. So no matter, you're experiencing bugs, or not, can you guys all answer these questions? (Worst case scenario I'll determine what's the maximum amount of GPs, EPs and SPs I can run).
1. What SPs do you have?
2. What GPs do you have?
3. What EPs do you have?
4. Do you have a save that's over 30 hours old?
5. Do you have a family that is at least 3 generations in size? (must be in an over 30 hour old save)
6. Does that family have at least one child?
7. Is that family located in San Mishuno?
8. Issue a command to your sim. Then cancel that commend and issue another. How many real life seconds did it take for them to stop doing the previous task and move on to the one that you just issued?
9. When your sims are asleep does speed 4 kick in?
10. Use speed 3, then pause the game. Did the clock jump back? Can you see the clock actually going up in speed 3?
11. At 8 AM when your children are leaving for school, does your game freeze up?
12. What is your operating system?
13. What are your PC specs?
And if that is not your cup of tea, how about some
Hey you! Yeah you! Check out my The Sims 2 Prettacy Lets Play And if that is not your cup of tea, how about some The Sims 3 Family Man Challenge
Hugo Jaeger - Hitler
Hugo Jaeger was one of Hitler's personal photographers who have been granted special access to Third Reich and Hitler's personal space. He is famous for being one of few photographers from that time period who used color photograph, which makes people assume that these photos have been "colorized" from black and white originals, when in reality these ARE the originals. In 1965, Jaeger sold his entire 2000+ photo collection to LIFE Magazine.
At one point all of the photographs he has taken could be found on LIFE.com, but since then their website has been restructed in such way that you could only view a few of them at a time. Most of Hugo Jaeger's stuff can still be viewed on Google's LIFE photo archive here:
https://www.google.com/search?tbm=isch&q=source%3Alife+hugo+jaeger
and from Getty Images here:
http://www.gettyimages.com/photos/hugo-jaeger?artist=hugo%20jaeger
Below you will find about 100 photos which in my opinion were some of the best and most worthy of inclusion. The entire Jaeger's photo collection that once appeared on LIFE archives, has been saved by me before it disappeared. I do know if that archive contains ALL of the pictures Hugo Jaeger has sold to LIFE, but it has been mentioned in more than one place that he sold around 2,000 photos, and here I have exactly 1,942. So that must be a great majority of them. You can download it off of any torrent site if you just do a search for "nationalists.org". Or download it directly from our own site here:
https://mega.nz/#!NZokyBKZ!ocNyjPq8mtxT2JR5xBG3iMXtuJ9HQUTo4BNWG1cwjEI
Feel free to link to this page or any of the images you see on it. We have plenty of bandwidth!
Other photographs from Nazi Germany can be found in Heinrich Hoffman's archive - who was Adolf Hitler's official photographer. Some of those pictures can be seen here:
http://www.gettyimages.com/photos/heinrich-hoffmann
Somebody once asked me what had attracted me to National Socialism. I replied without a shadow of hesitation: "Its beauty." Savitri Devi, Gold in the Furnace
The Liberal government has a signed a national child-care agreement with the provinces and territories aimed at helping families who need it most.
Families Minister Jean-Yves Duclos was joined by his provincial and territorial counterparts in Ottawa on Monday to sign the Multilateral Early Learning and Child Care Framework. The deal sets out five conditions for the $7.5-billion in child-care spending the Liberals allocated for the next 11 years: quality, accessibility, affordability, flexibility and inclusivity.
"This agreement will help give more Canadian children the best possible start in life and provide more support to families across our country," Mr. Duclos said.
Story continues below advertisement
"It will consider the needs of the most vulnerable children and also ensure that child care is appropriate in other dimensions such as language, cultural appropriateness for Indigenous children, accessibility and other dimensions in the lives of our families and children."
Quebec did not join the deal, as it has its own universal child-care program. British Columbia skipped Monday's meeting because it is dealing with the impact of its recent provincial election.
The minister said the federal government will sign individual three-year agreements with each province and territory in the coming months. The bilateral agreements – totalling $1.2-billion over the next three years – will outline the federal funding for each province and territory to address their specific early-learning and child-care needs. The funding is part of the $7.5-billion for child care in the Liberals' 2017 budget.
According to a Manitoba cabinet order recently posted online, the first three years of the federal child-care deal will give priority to families in need – low-income, Indigenous, single-parent or in underserved areas – and children younger than six.
Child-care advocates criticized Monday's deal for its focus on particular populations rather than all families – a concept known as "universality."
"The federal government's targeted approach goes against all the evidence that quality child care is critical to the healthy development of all children and that the best child-care systems are those designed to be inclusive of all children regardless of their circumstances," said Morna Ballantyne, executive director of the Child Care Advocacy Association of Canada.
The Liberals campaigned on a promise to create a national child-care framework to "ensure that affordable, high-quality, fully inclusive child care is available to all families who need it."
Story continues below advertisement
Story continues below advertisement
The Canadian Child Care Federation says the Liberals have broken away from that promise.
"Child care, not unlike public education and health-care services, needs to be rooted in equitable standards, availability, accessibility, affordability, inclusivity and high quality for all Canadian children and not just targeted populations," said Don Giesbrecht, CEO of the Canadian Child Care Federation.
Mr. Duclos defended the government's decision, saying the Liberals are working toward a universal program.
"The long-term vision is universality," Mr. Duclos said.
"To get there, we need to proceed by steps. The reason we need to proceed by steps is that the provinces and territories want to have the flexibility to implement a child-care system that responds to their initial conditions and to what they perceive as the greatest needs for their families and children."
Conservative families critic Karen Vecchio said Monday's deal confirms the Official Opposition's position that a universal child-care program will not adequately meet the needs of Canadians.
Story continues below advertisement
"The Liberals need to work with the people who know what is best for children – their parents. When it comes to child care, parents need flexibility and choice," Ms. Vecchio said.
NDP families critic Brigitte Sansoucy said that while the child-care deal is a step in the right direction, the federal government has not set aside enough money to create necessary daycare spaces.
With a report from The Canadian Press
(Joseph Binder, “The Three Kings on the Way to Bethlehem”, 1846)
While Millennials look to Adulting, We Can't forget Spiritual Adulthood
The responsible adult finds the key to spiritual maturity in child-like trust
In the coming weeks as Christmas unfolds, Catholics will hear about the Wise Men and the shepherds who sought out the infant Jesus. In the case of the Wise Men, they traveled quite a distance guided only by a glimmering star that pointed the way. They had no navigation, no Waze, or even a simple map to follow. They continually had to trust and allow themselves to be led to Christ. In their wisdom, they became child-like, not childish, to find the Christ child.
The life of children has come under some scrutiny of late. People dream of living their entire lives as children and never having to venture into adulthood. But this childish desire has dramatic consequences for a culture.
In 1906, a sociologist pointed out that a civilization can't regenerate itself without spiritual adulthood. Without parents who pass on to their children the keys to spiritual maturity, a civilization simply cannot thrive or survive.
There is plenty of evidence that adults are not “adulting” in the ways previous generations have. Some adults have given up altogether and are looking for their inner bliss by returning to preschool – quite literally. New Yorkers are lining up to attend the “globally prestigious preschool for adults,” or Preschool Mastermind. The adult preschool is complete with “show and tell, arts and crafts, practice sharing, storybooks and nap time.” According to the site, “Our inner innocence and sense of wonder holds keys to fulfillment. It's time to tap into your whimsical well of wisdom!”
Others are trying to address the problem from a different direction by learning basics skills they didn't pick up in all the x-box hours, social media bingeing, selfie sessions, and “gender studies” classes. The Adulting School in Portland, Maine, is trying to help millennials gain the essential adult skills that they lack: budgeting, meal planning, investing, or even how to do small talk.
These baby steps to maturity point to a bigger problem. If there are generations of people who don't know what it means to even be an adult, then spiritual adulthood is lagging far behind. Spiritual adulthood usually depends on a basic level of maturity. One priest who forms seminarians confided to me that the first thing he has to teach many of them is how to be adults. Basic attitudes and habits like taking responsibility for one's actions, being considerate of others, using good manners, and punctuality are taught first. Grace builds upon nature, so there must be a functioning adult before there can be spiritual adulthood.
There are, of course, plenty of examples among the saints of children who showed remarkable spiritual maturity, such as Fatima seer Jacinta Marto, and St. Maria Goretti. These children certainly would not have needed adulting school. Jacinta at her tender age of 9 was already well equipped to live in an adult world, having worked long hours as a shepherdess. And Maria took over running her household at nine after her father died and her mother had to work in the fields to support the family. The classroom of struggle and suffering go a long way to transform a child into a grownup.
The on-ramp to spiritual maturity isn't easily found in the old familiar places – from the pulpit, Catholic schools, or in our homes. Our penchant for avoiding pain and suffering at any cost hasn't helped. Yes, many will comment that it is the priests' and bishops' fault. Perhaps. But pinning blame doesn't really solve the problem. Part of being an adult is to stop blaming others for what is wrong, and seek out real solutions. Whining is a childish trait.
The problem of spiritual immaturity will only be solved through our own prayer, sacrifices, service, selflessness, and seeking – through our own effort to grow into spiritual adulthood. Part of that process means passing it on to others, particularly our children, but we can only give what we have. There is a reason airlines suggest putting your own oxygen mask on first before assisting your child, and the same applies in the realm of the spiritual. You aren't much use unconscious.
The biggest irony, of course, is that the responsible adult finds the key to spiritual maturity in child-like trust. Like the Wise Men of old knew, as they followed that star, even in all their pomp, intellectual acumen, and riches, they too had to become like children to find the Child.
This year on Independence Day, Ynet News offers you 20 spectacular aerial photographs taken over the past year from the north to the south.
Follow Ynetnews on Facebook and Twitter
The pictures were taken by Israel Bardugo from an “Israel on Air” helicopter. Berdugo, who photographs in Israel and around the world, won a prize last year from the prime minister for his special photography of the Western Wall.
Courtesy of Israel on Air (באדיבות: ישראל באוויר)
X
Every flight around the world, he says, "only sharpened my understanding that the region in which we live is no less than amazing. There is no country more beautiful than the land of Israel”
The Marina in Ashdod (Photo: Israel Berdugo)
Olga shores (Photo: Israel Berdugo)
The Dead Sea (Photo: Israel Berdugo)
Gordon swimming pool in Tel Aviv (Photo: Israel Berdugo)
Judean desert (Photo: Israel Berdugo)
Kibbutz Ma'agan Michael (Photo: Israel Berdugo)
Beaches in Tel Aviv (Photo: Israel Berdugo)
Religous ceremony on Mt. Meron during Lag BaOmer (Photo: Israel Berdugo)
Damascus Gate in the Old City to Jerusalem (Photo: Israel Berdugo)
Jezreel Valley (Photo: Israel Berdugo)
Date farm in the Arava valley in the Negev (Photo: Israel Berdugo)
Masada (Photo: Israel Berdugo)
Ben Gurion International Airport (Photo: Israel Berdugo)
Beach in Tel Aviv (Photo: Israel Berdugo)
The Old City of Akko (Photo: Israel Berdugo)
Tank Museum in Latrun (Photo: Israel Berdugo)
Mar Saba Monastery, Kidron Valley (Photo: Israel Berdugo)
Western Wall Plaza (Photo: Israel Berdugo)
Pelicans in a fish pond in Kibbutz Ma'ayan Tzvi (Photo: Israel Berdugo)
Last year, the band Sledding with Tigers made a simple promise via Twitter: If they got more than 1,000 retweets, they would record an entire album about the 1996 movie Space Jam.
If we get 1,000 RT's on this tweet, I will record an ENTIRE ALBUM of songs about Space Jam. http://t.co/t5nqNY2LnD <-- sign="" it="" #savetheche — Sledding With Tigers (@sleddingxtigers) May 17, 2014
To date, it has been retweeted 1,084 and the band has made good on their promise. They are releasing Come On and Slam, a seven-track concept album based on the Bill Murray/Michael Jordan/Bugs Bunny classic. Man, the internet is an extremely powerful tool for either good or evil. Be careful what you do with it! Anyway, since this premise is ridiculous enough, let's let Sledding with Tigers' Dan Faughdner explain it:
"Halfway through this process, I think I really started to regret ever telling anyone that I would write an entire concept album about Space Jam, but now, I'm actually pretty stoked on it. I think I might be the only person self-centered enough to take the plot of a 90s children's movie, and end up writing a bunch of songs that are secretly about myself. I really hope people like it, but the most important part is that my friends and I had a ton of fun making it."
Well, folks, here's your chance, do your dance, to this album about Space Jam. Listen to the song “Take It from Me, Michael Jordan.” You can get the album digitally (and a very limited number of cassettes) right here.
Ian Holloway reiterated his determination to revamp QPR's squad after they ended a miserable season with a 4-0 defeat at Norwich.
The result, Rangers' seventh loss in eight matches, meant they finished 18th in the Championship – the club's lowest placing for 10 years.
Now manager Holloway is keen to bring in new faces.
“It's all about the people we bring. I've got to get them right,” he said.
“I'm old enough to know that it's not about today. It's all about pre-season, it's about getting the scouting network to find us some new different faces.
“If I can move some things in and out it'll be a joy to be able to try to get better than we have been.”
Rangers were soundly beaten at Carrow Road and Holloway admitted the scoreline could have been even more embarrassing, but he defended the effort of his players.
“I don't think my lads didn't try, but we were nowhere near,” he said.
“We had one or two efforts, but that was one game too much for the squad, with the injuries we had.
“It just proved a huge learning curve for the people we have got in there and it was probably too much for them on the day.”
54
You know it's so interesting to read about the frozen middles because it was the first thing that crossed my mind before I even started to make the recipe. This is what I did. I fried according ...
I was hoping these would taste like Arby's Mac & Cheesers (I hope they bring those back!) but they didn't really. They were just okay, I don't know. I guess I just set high expectations for this...
Roxanne J.R. 1k 301
You know it's so interesting to read about the frozen middles because it was the first thing that crossed my mind before I even started to make the recipe. This is what I did. I fried according ... Read more
MBKRH 608 577
I was hoping these would taste like Arby's Mac & Cheesers (I hope they bring those back!) but they didn't really. They were just okay, I don't know. I guess I just set high expectations for this... Read more
popcook 0 1
I thought this recipe was awesome... It is so versatile and the possibilities are endless. I've used this recipe quite a few times and have altered it in many ways. I love adding diced jalapeno ... Read more
DUKE-FAN 16 8
I haven't tried making these yet, but could anyone tell me if it is possible to bake them rather than deep fry? We don't deep fry too often at our house. If not I guess I will be the first to tr... Read more
Amanda J Adams 49 2
If you are concerned about the centers not thawing, try this: line a cookie sheet with waxed paper - add a thin layer of oil. Spread the mac 'n cheese mix about 1/2" thick across the entire shee... Read more
JENNA 352 2
I followed the ingredients exactly, I did cut down on the refridgeration time, 30 minutes, and I froze them for 2 1/2 hours. They were perfect! Reminded me of the same dish at Cheesecake Factor... Read more
Pam Ziegler Lutz 2k 891
We really enjoyed these! I fried them for 4 minutes and they were cooked through. The only problem I had was that the egg froze quickly before the crumbs could stick after the initial dip. I had... Read more
KendraDarigan 127 44
I went to my local cheese shop and asked them for their advice. They suggested three different cheeses, which were wonderful. A gruyère, 'soft smelly' cheese, and a third I can't remember. I als... Read more
Assassin's Creed 3 – one of the most anticipated games of 2012, this week's heavyweight release, and the largest game the series has produced – was developed in a basement.
The Assassin's Creed 3 launch trailer shows
how Connor came to join the ancient
brotherhood and take a place in history.
Ubisoft Montreal is one of the biggest development studios in the world – possibly the very biggest. Assassin's Creed is one of the most important franchises in the industry. It sounds like an ideal marriage; you can imagine the rockstar development team in their comfortable open-plan offices, the cream of the global publisher's talent. You'd be wrong.
“They keep us in the basement, Like, they keep us in the dungeon,” mission director Philippe Bergeron told me when I asked what it's like to work on such a lust-worthy property.
“There are no lights. They frost the glass so that we can't see outside. It's really weird being downstairs in that dungeon, because you don't realise that there are four other floors of other people. And then the entire basement is just Assassin's.”
To be fair, Ubisoft Montreal has a lot on its plate; it has over 2,500 staff and a finger in almost every one of the publisher's scrumptious pies. Its entire top floor is administrators, and a number of top-notch development groups – Far Cry, Watch Dogs, Splinter Cell, Rainbow Six – are arranged beneath them. To stick the team behind what is arguably Ubisoft's most important property right in the dankest part of the building seems bizarre. We joked that QA, traditionally the least pleasant development role, could be housed in the garage beneath the building; in fact, the testing team is in Romania, allowing for the 24 hour build cycle a game as large as Assassin's Creed 3 requires.
And Assassin's Creed 3 is huge; there's simply no argument there. It's been in development by the core Montreal team since Assassin's Creed 2 wrapped, with other teams stepping in on Brotherhood and Revelations. The amount of content, variety of gameplay and environment is somewhat staggering. You could, presumably, blitz through the main storyline in a couple of days, but why would you, when the game offers you an entire frontier to explore, hunting down resources; building a naval trade empire, chasing downside missions and objectives, and most importantly, stabbing things.
Connor is to Ezio what Ezio was to Altair; a few simple moves have been refined and then iterated on with flourishes and variation. But although Connor is equipped with more tools than his Italian forebears, his move set really shines during the basic combat. For one thing, you can't just hold down L1 and take a nap, a strategy which has held up through all the previous games.
When it comes to stabbing, Connor is to Ezio what Ezio was to Altair; a few simple moves have been refined and then iterated on with flourishes and variation. But although Connor is equipped with more tools than his Italian forebears, his move set really shines during the basic combat.
For one thing, you can't just hold down L1 and take a nap, a strategy which has held up through all the previous games.
“We completely changed it. We moved to more action-oriented. Before, fights were really safe. You just press down guard and even if you're not looking – you could just look away from the screen – your character's not going to die. He's always going to block,” Bergeron agreed.
“This time we wanted to have something that requires a little bit more intricacy to fight properly, so you actually have to time it, to deflect – and that opens up the rest the interactions.”
This simple change from a hold to a timed press makes Assasisn's Creed 3's combat much more tense than earlier games, although once you get it right, it's relatively intuitive; this button counters, this button disarms, and so on. It never gets boring, though, because of the sheer variety – and beauty – of execution. I played around with Assassin's Creed 3 for a couple of hours and was constantly surprised by some new way Connor turned an attack, or took out a foe.
“I think this is the biggest animation kit we've had for a character since the beginning. I don't know how many, the exact numbers, but I remember being impressed. It was in the six digits as far as the number of animations,” Bergeron said.
Haven't got your copy yet? Pretend
you do with this interactive trailer.
“We have different animation teams, so we have like an animation team just for the main character; one for all the NPCs oriented on combat; another one that is for behaviour, like running and climbing; another one for cinematics; another one for crowd life. I don't know. I would say at least a fifth of the staff is animators. I remember on Assassin's Creed 2, just our cinematics team was 40 or 50 people. And it just gets bigger with time. I can't even imagine how big it is now,” he added.
Spend a few hours with Assassin's Creed 3 with completion statistics on your mind, and you'll start to get an idea of just how big that Montreal basement is. Perhaps Ubisoft keeps its most precious property down there in the dark for a reason – so there's nothing to distract them from wrapping up a story which has dominated the end of year release season for last four years. No pressure, guys. No pressure at all.
Assassin's Creed 3 arrives on PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360 in the US today, and elsewhere tomorrow. PC and Wii U versions are due in November.
Ask him who is wearing No. 24 on the Miami Dolphins this year and Isa Abdul-Quddus smiles because he wore that number last year and knows it won't be assigned to anyone, even after he was cut from the team in March.
“Nobody has it,” Abdul-Quddus says. “I feel it's an honor that they appreciate me so much they won't give my number away. It shows they care about me.”
Ask Abdul-Quddus who has taken his stall in a crowded locker room that is overrun with so many players that rookies are sharing space and, again, a tangible satisfaction shows in his answer .
“Nobody,” the former Dolphins safety says. “I was sitting in there a couple of minutes ago, actually. It's still my locker. That shows how great the people are here.”
Sign Up and Save Get six months of free digital access to the Miami Herald
Isa Abdul-Quddus is no longer a Miami Dolphin.
But even after he sustained a season-ending nerve injury on a violent tackle in last season's 15th game, he still felt part of the team. Even after he visited doctors in January and got the shocking news that he'll never play again, he still felt part of the team.
And even after the Dolphins cut him, Abdul-Quddus is being made to feel like he's still a part of the team.
Of course, that's not completely correct. That collision he was involved in on December 24th was indeed the end. He suffered a Brachial Plexus injury that caused much of his right arm to go numb.
Abdul-Quddus is living an NFL player's nightmare scenario. At age 27, less than one season into a new contract and in the prime of his career, it all came crashing down on one play. One traumatic hit ended it all.
Even now, three months after nerve transplant surgery that's usually reserved for auto accident victims, Abdul-Quddus says his right hand and part of his right arm are often numb and he sometimes experiences shooting pain. The arm, atrophied because he cannot lift weights with it, is still in a sling. He also cannot move his wrist fully to raise the right hand.
“Oh, yeah, I'm done,” a realistic but still upbeat Abdul-Quddus shared Friday. “I accomplished everything I wanted to, at least in the short-term. Obviously I'm never going to win a Super Bowl, but I can still help by giving back to my teammates. But football-wise, I feel I accomplished everything I wanted to. I came in the league during a lockout year (2011) as an undrafted guy and I became a starter for the Miami Dolphins. So I really can't complain about my career at all.”
Abdul-Quddus is living an NFL player's nightmare scenario. At age 27, less than one season into a new contract and in the prime of his career, it all came crashing down on one play. One traumatic hit ended it all.
“I went to hit the guy and I got hit in my head by my teammate,” Abdul-Quddus says. “As soon as it happened my mindset went to, ‘Am I alright?' And then I thought, ‘I'm OK'. When I got up I felt OK. My arm was hurting. My arm was numb but I could walk. It felt like it was a nasty hit but I could walk. My brain was clear. I felt like I came out of it with a win because it could have been a lot worse.
“My mindset has stayed positive because I know how bad it could have been. I got out of it with an arm injury that's going to eventually heal. I could have had a severe concussion where I would never think straight again or I could have been paralyzed. So the whole time I'm thinking, ‘At least it's just an arm. It's not something that will change my life forever.' “
The nerve surgery is supposed to bring Abdul-Quddus back to full use of his right arm within “a year or two,” he says. That might seem a bitter fate for a young professional athlete to accept, but Abdul-Quddus is apparently a master of the great attitude.
I went to hit the guy and I got hit in my head by my teammate. As soon as it happened my mindset went to, ‘Am I alright?' And then I thought, ‘I'm OK'. When I got up I felt OK. My arm was hurting. My arm was numb but I could walk. It felt like it was a nasty hit but I could walk. My brain was clear. I felt like I came out of it with a win because it could have been a lot worse. Isa Abdul-Quddus, former Dolphins safety
“I always took my career as a game-by-game thing because I was undrafted, I was last on the roster two times,” Abdul-Quddus says. “My mindset has always been this could be my last game, this could be my last play. So I never really feared the end because it was always there.
“When I heard the news I wouldn't be able to play again, it hurt. That was tough because it wasn't what I was expecting to hear. I assumed it would take six to nine months and then I'd be back. When I heard the news it crushed me because we built so much this past season, going to the playoffs and going 10-6. I felt we could build off of that with me playing. But once I knew I couldn't, it kind of hurt.”
The Dolphins realize Abdul-Quddus is in pain because he couldn't continue to play for them. So they've tried to ease the ache by making their former player figuratively part of the family if not part of the team.
“He wanted to still be around. He wanted to help the guys. I don't think he was quite ready to transition to something else,” head coach Adam Gase says. “He wanted to make sure he was here for his guys -- whether it was help break down some film, give them some notes on things he saw. He wasn't ready to put his mind on, ‘I can never do this again.'”
So Abdul-Quddus, not on the roster, remains a part of the organization. The Dolphins are letting him be at practice as he has been since the opening of training camp. He can watch film. He can help inspire, motivate, teach. He basically has the run of the building.
So Abdul-Quddus, not on the roster, remains a part of the organization. The Dolphins are letting him be at practice as he has been since the opening of training camp. He can watch film. He can help inspire, motivate, teach. He basically has the run of the building.
“He's trying to learn a lot of different things,” Gase says. “He asks about what we're doing with coaching. What we do with personnel. What we do with player engagement. He asks a lot of questions. We're along with him and we're going to open up all the doors to see what he finds interesting.
“He's one of the favorite guys in the locker room. He brought his A-game every day, gave you everything he had, was great in the meeting room, one of our smartest players, guys respect him. Then he has this freak injury that's a one-in-a-million injury. You feel horrible for him because you ask, ‘Why that guy?' But he's handled things so good and I love the fact he wants to remain impactful with his teammates.
“That's why we're going to live up to that saying, ‘He's with us.' We want to keep him around.”
As Donald Trump's sordid vision of a "big, beautiful wall" on the United States-Mexico border begins to take shape, The Guardian has revealed that - of the more than 600 companies currently vying to get in on the wall-building action - 10 percent are identified as "Hispanic-American-owned" businesses.
Posing a greater ethical dilemma, perhaps, is the potential opportunity for Mexican cement manufacturing giant Cemex to profit handsomely from manic border fortification efforts. The firm has seen its shares leap in value since Trump's election in November.
Of course, there's little room for ethics when gobs of money are at stake. According to Reuters, an internal US Department of Homeland Security report puts the price-tag of the wall at up to $21.6bn.
Indeed, in a world ever more committed to walls, barriers, and the profitability of exclusion, it seems ethical boundaries are the easiest to knock down.
Not just a wall
While Trump would have his followers believe that the US-Mexico border was itself dangerously nonexistent prior to his ascension to the presidency - with Mexican "rapists", and other figments of his own imagination, flowing unencumbered into the country en masse - reality tells a very different story.
Frequently lost in all of the "big wall" talk, for example, is the fact that there is already a wall on the US-Mexico border and that it happens to be quite big.
A recent AJ+ video notes that the wall in its current form covers 1,051km and was erected at a cost of $3m a kilometre in certain parts.
But the wall can't be measured in units of distance alone, encompassing as it does a vast border security apparatus involving everything from helicopters and drones to blimps, watchtowers, and gunboats, not to mention an ever-evolving number of armed personnel.
In an email to me, Todd Miller - author of Border Patrol Nation: Dispatches from the Front Lines of Homeland Security - remarked that the number of US Border Patrol agents has "increased five-fold from 4,000 to 22,000" over the past 25 years, with "annual budgets for border and immigration enforcement rising from $1.5 to $19.5bn".
In reference to the intense build-up of border machinery, Miller observed: "All of this Trump had at his disposal without any executive order and before he ever set foot in the White House."
Now that Trump has two feet planted firmly therein and xenophobia has not only been catapulted into the realm of political correctness, but also embraced as a mark of national pride, you might say we've definitively crossed the border into a state of upbeat sociopathy.
Criminalising existence
The increasingly militarised landscape of the US-Mexico frontier serves a variety of pernicious functions.
For one thing, the obsession with border "security" helps to sustain the notion that the US is somehow under attack by migrants from Mexico and Central America, many of whom have either been forcibly displaced from their livelihoods by US-engineered free trade agreements and other punitive economic measures or are fleeing violent contexts the US itself has played no small role in creating.
SCROLL TO CONTINUE WITH CONTENT Help Keep Common Dreams Alive Our progressive news model only survives if those informed and inspired by this work support our efforts
The effective criminalisation of migrants for pursuing a dignified existence translates into an existential hazard, and an untold number of travellers have perished at the mercy of the elements while endeavouring to navigate the border region's hostile terrain.
Migrants also run the risk of being kidnapped, murdered, raped, extorted, and otherwise abused in transit - a risk that exists purely because, as global have-nots, they're denied many options for "legal" movement between countries and thus rendered even more vulnerable to exploitation.
According to a 2013 Amnesty International report on US-bound Central American migrants in Mexico, "it is believed that as many as six out of every 10 migrant women and girls experience sexual violence during the journey".
But who in the US has time for empathy when our country is under migrant siege?
Cake and more cake
Since the border wall is designed to block human movement in only one direction, I, as an American citizen, am permitted easy access to Mexican territory.
From my present location on the Yucatan peninsula, I can report that there are, in fact, certain Americans residing in Mexico who apparently detect no irony in verbalising their support for Trump or referring to undocumented Mexicans in the US as "illegals".
A bigger and better wall will no doubt further facilitate the job of persons intent on upholding the standards of imperial hubris.
Beyond the actual physical barrier, there's also a significant psychological dimension to the wall, which operates as a conferrer of value upon human life and skews the results in favour of those lives north of the line.
Meanwhile, the climate of fear perpetuated by militarisation schemes helps justify the schemes themselves, in addition to distracting popular attention from national defects.
On a bus the other day, I chatted with a Mexican American man who resented the idea that his mother -herself a resident of the Mexican border town of Nuevo Laredo - could be deemed a security threat and potential "invader" in the eyes of "Caligula", as he referred to Trump.
The man reasoned that, were the US concerned about invasions, it should perhaps stop invading other countries.
But that, of course, would cramp America's style and ruin the good old tradition of having one's cake and eating it, too. Unfortunately, cake and ethics don't mix.
GREEN BAY, Wis. -- Who says you can't teach an old defensive coordinator new tricks?
Dom Capers can change with the times; the 65-year-old Green Bay Packers defensive coordinator now uses whiteout correction strips instead of liquid paper.
“I can remember leaving the office back in the old days with whiteout all over my face, and I didn't even realize it,” Capers said. “A couple of guys would comment that I looked like I had face paint on.
Dom Capers has one of his best defenses since joining the Packers as coordinator. Jeff Hanisch/USA TODAY Sports
“You've got to change and adjust as you go along.”
Make no mistake about it, Capers is a creature of habit. He still writes out the weekly game plan by hand, highlighting certain formations and whiting out others. It's assistant coach Jerry Montgomery's job to input it all to the Packers' computer system so it can be transferred electronically to each player's team-issued iPad.
“Dom is old-school in every which way,” Packers coach Mike McCarthy said. “The thing I always kid him about, thank God there's not a [salary] cap charge for highlighters and whiteout -- not that anybody you'd think would even use whiteout and highlighters anymore. He's very systematic in everything he does, very creative and once again he's surrounded by a very creative and talented football staff. The defensive staff's impressive.”
Not that McCarthy didn't appreciate Capers in the past, but since he gave up offensive play-calling duties in the offseason, he has spent far more time with Capers and his defensive staff. McCarthy has become a regular in the defensive game-planning meetings with the coaches and the daily meetings with the players.
In his seventh season as the Packers defensive coordinator and his 30th overall season as an NFL coach (including eight years as a head coach), Capers has one of his best units. Before allowing Philip Rivers to throw for 503 yards in Sunday's game at Lambeau Field, the Packers ranked seventh in the league in yards. They slipped to 16th this week but remained third in the league in the all-important points allowed, giving up just 16.8 per game.
“You won't find anybody more detailed,” McCarthy said of Capers. “Maybe you might like to think you are as detailed, but he's the same guy every single day. He's the first one in the office and puts a lot into it. He's a true professional, has done it for multiple decades at a very high level, and I've always felt that way about it him and really our defensive staff, it's a great staff. I've really enjoyed being around those guys, I really enjoy being in the meetings -- I don't think they've enjoyed having me in the meetings as much as I've enjoyed being in there, but it's been great. I think those guys do a phenomenal job.”
Caper chuckles at those who marvel at his old-school style, but he's nothing if not self-aware.
“Well, we're all what we are, and we all have certain habits and things you developed over 30 years in the league and even before that,” Capers said. “Probably if you talked to somebody who worked with me 30 years ago, they'd probably bring up those same things. Now, over those 30 years, they've gone from having the liquid whiteout to the paper strips.
“That's one of the many changes when you're in the league for 30 years that you make.”
At least he doesn't have to sniff the fumes from the liquid stuff anymore.
“Maybe that's what's wrong with me,” Capers said with a hearty laugh.
At the end of July, The Hollywood Reporter relayed that actors Javier Bardem and Penelope Cruz, among others, signed an open letter denouncing Israel's war against Hamas in the Gaza strip as “genocide.”
Now that same publication is reporting that more than 190 Hollywood heavies have signed a letter in defense of Israel, from Arnold Schwarzenegger and Sylvester Stallone to Sarah Silverman.
The list included “actors Kelsey Grammer, Sarah Silverman, Minnie Driver, Sylvester Stallone, Arnold Schwarzenegger, Seth Rogen, Josh Charles and Tony Goldwyn; showrunners Aaron Sorkin, Diane English, Mayim Bialik, Doug Ellin and Greg Berlanti; directors Ivan Reitman and William Friedkin.”
Here are other notable entertainer signatures on the statement: both Roseanne Barr and Tom Arnold, Jami Gertz, Carol Leifer, Bill Maher, and Ziggy Marley.
The Hollywood Reporter elaborated:
"While we stand firm in our commitment to peace and justice, we must also stand firm against ideologies of hatred and genocide which are reflected in Hamas' charter, Article 7 of which reads, 'There is a Jew hiding behind me, come on and kill him!' The son of a Hamas founder has also commented about the true nature of Hamas," the statement, headlined "Commitment to Justice and Peace," reads.
"Hamas cannot be allowed to rain rockets on Israeli cities, nor can it be allowed to hold its own people hostage. Hospitals are for healing, not for hiding weapons. Schools are for learning, not for launching missiles. Children are our hope, not our human shields," it added. The statement will appear as an ad in The Hollywood Reporter and other publications next week.
The statement was circulated on Saturday by Lana Melman, director of the Creative Community for Peace organization....
The statement concludes, "We join together in support of the democratic values we all cherish and in the hope that the healing and transformative power of the arts can be used to build bridges of peace."
David Lonner, a board member with Creative Community for Peace, told Deadline.com that media bias can obscure the issue: “There's been a lot of confusion in the media of what's actually going in the Gaza strip, but for those of us who go to Israel, it's not complicated at all. So there's been a feeling for a while now of how to get a message across and uncomplicate matters, and we think this is a step in the right direction to do that.”
Jim Ross will leave his trademark cowboy hat home when he makes his mixed martial arts commentating debut on Oct. 3.
The hat symbolized the pro wrestling character of "Good Ol' JR," made familiar to millions of fans who tuned into World Wrestling Entertainment broadcasts over the past two decades.
Jim Ross is going to call play-by-play for BattleGrounds MMA. (Special to Yahoo Sports)
Scroll to continue with content Ad
The 62-year-old Oklahoman is semi-retired after 40 years in the wrestling business. While he's proud of his body of work, the popular longtime broadcaster has long wanted to call an MMA event.
He'll get that opportunity next month, when he serves as the play-by-play announcer alongside color commentator Chael Sonnen for the BattleGrounds MMA one-night tournament in Tulsa, Okla.
"This is a bucket-list item for me," Ross told Yahoo Sports. "This is something I've always wanted to do."
Ross is destined to go down as a beloved figure within his realm. While the characters in the ring came and went, Ross was the omnipresent voice of the proceedings, making him easily identifiable to both hardcore wrestling fanatics and those casual viewers who like to pretend they don't watch wrestling, but secretly tune in.
But Ross feels he still has something to prove: He wants to be known as a great announcer, period, without the word "wrestling" necessarily attached.
This isn't Ross' first foray out of sports entertainment into the world of legitimate competition. He served a stint on the Atlanta Falcons' radio commentary team in the 1990s; announced games for the ill-fated XFL; and most recently has ventured into boxing broadcasts on Fox Sports properties.
Story continues
"This is personal to me," Ross said. "People attach a stigma to wrestling and say he's 'the wrestling guy,' but I'm a professional broadcaster. Wrestling just happens to be the area in which I'm best known. If I had an opportunity to do cricket, I might not be a fan of cricket, but I would see it is my duty to the viewers to go out of my way to learn the game and learn the players and give real cricket fans that sort of broadcast they deserve."
In this case, though, Ross won't have nearly as steep a learning curve. He's been a fan of mixed martial arts since the early days of the UFC.
"I've been watching ever since the days of Emmanuel Yarborough and Royce Gracie," Ross said. "It's evolved from then and the UFC has done a fantastic job bringing it from where it was to where it is today. I'm not going into this thinking I'm going to reinvent the wheel. I'm also not going into this just trading off my name and going through the motions to collect a paycheck. I'm passionate about the sport and I want to do it right."
That's not to say Ross doesn't have ideas about the state of MMA commentary in and of itself. When he's sitting at home taking in an MMA event, he's usually hearing the sort of things only a fellow announcer can pick out.
"When I watch MMA events, I'm usually listening to the broadcast from the perspective of the announcers," Ross said. "It's who I am. If there was one thing I'd critique, it seems like sometimes they take the audience's level of knowledge a bit for granted."
Ross feels it's an announcer's role to let the viewers know why the two fighters on their screen are competing, as much as describing the action.
"Sometimes two fighters will be out there and they don't really get into why they're on our TV screen," Ross said. "Why are they there? Don't assume a casual viewer is up to speed on a fighter who is fighting on TV for the first time. Tell us why we should care about him, and his opponent, and this fight."
Chael Sonnen admitted: ‘I Knew What I Was Doing; I Tried to Game the System.' (MMA Weekly)
Sonnen will be along to help out on that front. The pay-per-view event in Tulsa will mark the controversial Sonnen's first MMA appearance of note since announcing his retirement this summer in the wake of a pair of failed PED tests.
While Sonnen is known as much for bluster and hype as he is for his fighting accomplishments, there's little disputing that Sonnen is deeply knowledgeable on the subject matter at hand. As a bonus, he has a knack for taking complex technical matters and presenting them in a manner that's easy for the average fan to understand.
"I'm like the point guard here," Ross said. "From an announcing perspective, Chael is the star of the show. If I'm doing my job right, Chael will shine."
The way Ross says it, the combination of a famous pair of commentators, along with the throwback, one-night elimination tournament — competitors include veterans such as Cody McKenzie, Luigi Fioravanti, Brock Larson, and Jesse Taylor, with a $50,000 check going to the winner — should be enough to make fans who have plenty of options give BattleGrounds MMA a look.
"I think it's going to be an interesting night," Ross said. "I think you've got, the promoters are giving an interesting hook by going to the old-school, one-night tournament format. That differentiates them from the rest of the options out there. Throw in, I'd like to think we'll bring in some of the wrestling fans, to, who want to see how I do trying something different, and Chael's being pushed out of his comfort zone, too — he's been a studio analyst, but not a live commentator — I think that all adds up to a package worth giving a chance."
Of course, while Ross is trying something new, some habits do die hard. A diehard Oklahoma Sooners football fan, Ross plans on attending every Sooners game, home and away, this fall. Had the show landed on a college football Saturday, calling an MMA card would have been out of the question. Instead, Ross made arrangements to call the fights in Tulsa, then see the Sooners play at Texas Christian University the next morning.
"As soon as the show's over, I'm leaving and they're driving me to Fort Worth so I can get in town in time for the game," Ross said. "It's in my contract. There was a window to get this done and we made it work."
After 40 years on the road, Ross has earned the right to make such an arrangement. But will it become a familiar one? While the gig stands as a one-night commitment for now, if things go well who knows? Maybe we're getting towards the end of the book, but there's still time to add another chapter.
"Maybe this will work," Ross said. "You never know. It could turn out for something. But for now, it's a chance to get to do something I've always wanted to do, and that's good enough for me."
Follow Dave Doyle on Twitter: https://twitter.com/davedoylemma
University professors are not taking kindly to the latest Pew Research poll numbers showing Republican-leaning voters have an unreceptive view of academia, and some are pointing the finger of blame at conservative media.
The June 2017 Pew survey showed 58 percent of right-leaning voters reported higher education has a negative impact on the country. Only 36 percent of Republicans polled held a favorable view – a hefty double-digit loss from the 54 percent favorability polled just two years ago.
These results contrast sharply with Democrat-leaning voters, who overwhelmingly believe higher education has a positive impact on the country. In fact, 72 percent of the left-leaning voters held a favorable view and only 19 percent reported they viewed academia as having a negative impact on the country.
Pew didn't speculate on the sharp divide between Republican and Democrat views, nor did it proffer reasons for the severe and sudden decline in Republican favorability.
Some professors are stepping up to the plate to offer their own analysis of the results. They're blaming the bleak report card on conservative media outlets.
This seems about right. The more reporting of the abuses, shortfalls and indoctrination taking place in today's institutions of higher learning, the more informed, concerned and outraged Republicans become.
So it seems professors get it, but they still don't get it.
It doesn't take a rocket scientist to figure out “free speech zones” on campus are un-American and Hitler-esque. Who the hell do these university administrators think they are castrating the First Amendment? Democrats may not have a problem with it, as long as it's curtailing the free speech of those with whom they disagree. However, they won't hear of their own speech being limited. Seeing as like-minded individuals run the institutions, it's a happy marriage, and only the rights of Republican students are being pounded into the quad.
The social justice warriors are more than guilted into taking multiple white-washing courses designed to offer redemption for their white privilege. “The Problem with Whiteness,” “Abolition of Whiteness,” and “Stop White People” are just a handful of divisive, racist and perverse courses our leftist friends clamor for to help purge them of the many inherent advantages that come with being white.
For example, being told you're inherently racist because you're white is a major advantage. Black and brown professors tweeting about how they hate white people and getting away with it because of their “minority status” is also a privilege white college students enjoy.
The crime here is that the anti-white administration and the anti-white professors indoctrinate freshman into believing this racist crap and, even more criminal, is they make taking such courses part of the general education requirements needed to graduate.
Of course the anti-white racism and hijacking of the First Amendment for conservatives goes hand in hand with the left's fixation on “micro-aggressions” and “diversity training.” It's a well-rounded package for the social justice warriors who have professors littering Twitter, videos and Facebook pages with their anti-white people, racist rants.
…and in one very uncertain academic future.
Conservative media is not letting these anti-conservative and anti-white racist stories fall by the wayside and go unheeded. Campus Reform, The Daily Caller, Tucker Carlson are just a few putting these stories out and giving them airtime. As at least some of the professors realize, conservative media is tuned in to the anti-American atrocities taking place within academia and it's educating its base.
What's interesting at this point in time is that while many schools are taking their insanity courses to new extremes and mandating a certain amount of indoctrination to be with the in crowd and be eligible to actually register for classes, the state of Arizona is taking the pro-American road with measure HB2120 that would ban ethnic studies classes in colleges and universities. These studies were already banned from Arizona's public and charter primary and secondary schools in 2010, so they mean business in eradicating this warped nonsense.
The extended ban Arizona is looking at takes aim at courses such as “Whiteness and Race Theory” and other offensive classes because the courses advocate hate through preaching inequality. As state Rep. Bob Thorpe put it, “If you want to have classes that teach resentment between individuals, you should have to fund them. Taxpayers should not be paying for classes that discriminate.”
The good news is that Republican lawmakers recognize there's a problem. Even better news is (as college profs have pointed out) the conservative media is educating its readers and viewers about the blatant brainwashing and normalization of racism at colleges and universities across the country. Unfortunately, as of this printing, Arizona lawmakers supporting the ban are in a lone boat being attacked by racist sharks who want nothing more than to put whites in their place at the bottom of the barrel and strip them of their “white privilege.”
So as the battle rages on between good and evil and Republicans and Democrats, we have people like New York Daily News Columnist and Black Lives Matter activist Shaun King who calls measures such as HB2120 “completely and utterly disgusting” for prohibiting professors from teaching students to recognize “economic and skin privilege.”
And here the Republicans thought taking a sledgehammer to whites and knocking them down a few pegs for the color of their skin was completely and utterly disgusting.
The Pew research survey polled 2,504 Americans between June 8 and 18, 2017.
Advertisements
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Out of darkness: Bringing light to the powerless 4:48 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
Anna Begay lives on a remote plot of land in the Navajo reservation. To reach her home, you drive through twisting, unmarked trails of dust and mud along the edge of Coalmine Canyon, in northwest Arizona.
A grandmother in her late 80s, Begay lives alone in a traditional, eight-sided house called a hogan. She raises sheep with the help of a nephew and a couple of fast sheepdogs. When the dogs bark, it's the only sound you will hear for miles.
This far out, it's too expensive to connect her home to the electric grid. But that doesn't mean she doesn't have electricity.
When the sun sets she can switch on a solar-powered battery to light up her room. The solar panel was installed last spring, and now she wants to get more of them to light her way from the front of her door to the outhouse, about 200 feet away.
"Without having the light, I couldn't see," Begay said through a translator — she speaks only Navajo. "It got really, really dark and I would be running into things, bumping into things. It did help to have the moon. Sometimes, when the moon's out, that would illuminate the way for me."
Throughout the Navajo reservation — and much of the developing world — this scene is repeated again and again. Many families here use gasoline generators and kerosene for electricity and light, but fuel is expensive and dirty. Solar power might not replace all electrical needs, but as solar becomes cheaper, it's quickly becoming one of the best solutions for the 1.2 billion people in the world who lack access to electricity.
On the reservation, access to power is limited by geography and a history of border disputes between the Navajo and Hopi tribes. Eagle Energy, a Denver-based non-profit, donates and installs small solar panels on off-grid houses. While these set-ups can't power heating or cooling, or even a small refrigerator, they do charge cellphones and laptops.
Adrian Manygoats, who works for Eagle Energy, installs a solar panel on a house without electricity in the Navajo reservation. John Brecher
When it comes to the low-cost kits, “the falling cost of solar panels certainly made these small-scale products possible,” says Doug Vilsack, Eagle Energy's founder.
A mix of market forces are driving down prices for solar panels. Though prices have recently leveled off, they are at a historically low point, according to Shyam Mehta, an analyst at GTM Research. A combination of large subsidies in Europe and a boom in production in China have increased both supply and demand globally.
Jenny Chase at Bloomberg New Energy Finance says that she expects solar prices to stay where they are for a few years, “before resuming their long-term downwards trajectory.”
Another reason for a sudden availability of solar lighting is the decreasing cost of efficient, long-lasting LED bulbs. "It is hard to exaggerate how quickly LED performance is going up and price is going down," said Arne Jacobson, an environmental resource engineer at Humboldt State University in California, who is involved in a program to improve lighting access in the developing world.
Since 2009, the World Bank and International Finance Corporation have run the Lighting Africa program to develop the market for solar-powered lights, which expanded to Asia in 2012.
Yet while the demand for alternatives to kerosene lighting is high and the technology exists to manufacture affordable, reliable, solar-powered lights, quality assurance is still a big hurdle. Dozens of companies manufacture and sell low-cost solar lanterns hoping to make a fortune. Some of them make bad products, which can spoil the market, especially in countries where consumer protection programs are nonexistent.
"If you buy a bad quality solar product in most countries, it is just tough luck," Jacobson said. "You can't return it; even if the manufacturer says there is a warranty, a lot of times that doesn't work very well for people."
To prevent market spoilage, Lighting Africa developed quality standards and runs consumer awareness programs — such as taking out ads in local newspapers — to highlight the lights that pass muster and those that don't.
Anna Begay stands near her home on the Navajo reservation. She received a small solar array from Eagle Energy and now uses it to provide light after the sun sets. Tuesday, July 23, 2013, in Tuba City, Ariz. (John Brecher / NBC News) John Brecher
Among the market leaders is d.light solar, a California based-company that has been designing affordable solar lighting systems since 2007 and now sells them in 45 countries through more than 10,000 distribution outlets. Systems range from $8 desk lamps to $150 set ups that include a handful of lights and outlets to charge several mobile phones. Each comes with a three-year warranty.
The Lighting Africa and Lighting Asia programs also help grow the availability of solar lighting by guaranteeing loans of banks that lend into the sector, allowing a distributor, for example, to order a ship-container full of lights to keep vendors' shelves stocked with quality-assured lights.
Eagle Energy, the non-profit that installs free solar power on the Navajo reservation runs a similar program in Namibia, with a few subtle differences. For one thing, their African efforts are called Elephant Energy. More importantly, the lights aren't donated; they're sold through a team of local entrepreneurs.
Instead of installing solar panels and wiring up off-grid homes, Doug Vilsack's team offers a solar lamp called the Sun King Pro. “People buy these lamps in Africa because they charge cellphones.” Once they bring it home, Vilsack says, they realize that they can use it to save money on fuel for lighting.
Despite price drops, the light kits cost about $40, far too high a price to sell in Namibia. To make up the difference, organizations like Vilsack's are developing “pay as you go” systems, to pay off the lamp over time.
Vilsack says that his team is in the process of identifying and training entrepreneurs on the Navajo reservation, to mimic the progress that's been made in Namibia. “The end game is really to just have what started as a non-profit transition to a for-profit” where Eagle Energy is no longer the middleman.
A young man stands outside of a trailer on the Navajo reservation. Earlier in the day, the home was wired with solar power and LED lights. Wednesday, July 24, 2013, in Tuba City, Ariz. (John Brecher / NBC News) John Brecher
Jacobson, the environmental resource engineer, said the best place for non-profit organizations in this market is on the micro-finance side of the equation, providing loans to families to purchase lights with below-market interest rates, rather than giving away lights for free.
"When you give something away, you've taken away agency on the side of the person to decide which one they want," he said.
And what people really want, according to d.light CEO Donn Tice, "is power, reliable, affordable power." The solar lanterns that his and other companies sell provide this power in the form of lighting and mobile phone chargers to be controlled and used by individuals in homes far from the reach of the electric grid.
"Where the need is greatest and where the market is developing the fastest, the grid won't go. It will take too long, it is too expensive, it is too risky, it is too slow," he said. "So, decentralized distributed solutions that people can take into their own hands ... that's what we think is the future."
Anna Begay, the Navajo woman with the small solar panel, would agree. Though the small solar kits aren't strong enough to provide warmth, Begay has used the extra hours of light to plan for the cold winter. She says she stays up as late at eleven o'clock at night, working on the wool from her sheep, converting it into yarn. She recently completed a pair of warm socks for herself.
“So when it's cold and there's snow, my legs don't freeze. It's good.”
Matt Rivera is a senior producer for NBC News Digital Group. You can follow him on Twitter and Instagram. John Roach writes about environment and innovation for NBC News. To learn more about him, visit his website.
Homeless At 60: 'A Bullet I Didn't See Coming'
Enlarge this image toggle caption StoryCorps StoryCorps
Queen Jackson has been homeless for about a year. As she recently told her case manager, Debra MacKillop, it all started in 2009, when she was laid off from her job as an administrative assistant.
"I was working for the state of Colorado," says Jackson, 60. "I had all these great ideas of retiring and sitting back and enjoying my life. But, as the budget was becoming very strained, I was one of the first to be laid off."
At the time, Jackson wasn't worried. She had saved some money, and she was sure she'd be able to find another job quickly.
"Well it didn't happen that way," she says. "One week turned into another, a month, five months. And the unemployment was not covering my rent. Therefore, I lost my apartment."
Jackson says she had other options — her family, for instance. She has two daughters; one lives in Denver, and the other is in California.
"My daughter, you know, she wants so badly for me to move in with her," she says. "But I'm of a generation in which your children don't take care of you; you take care of your children."
But Jackson says she remembers not having enough money to buy her daughter a birthday card. So she decided to station herself on the sidewalk, holding a hand-made sign. On it, she offered to work for any money she could get.
"Well, dummy me — I get dressed like I'm going to a job interview," she says. "And I had to laugh at myself. I'm like, 'You're looking like, you know, pretty middle-class out here.'
"But this man handed me a $10 bill. I thanked him, and I bought my daughter a card. That meant so much to me."
Then came the holidays. Last Christmas, Jackson was still without a job — or a home.
"I was in the shelter and ... I just started remembering when my daughters were little girls," she says. "You know, the smells of cooking, the joy. I felt so lonely.
"But I'll never forget, the women received a gift bag. I got a little bottle of lotion. I opened it up, and I smelled it — and it was the most beautiful fragrance I had ever smelled. And I remember crying, because it lifted my spirits so."
These days, Jackson volunteers with the GED program at The Gathering Place, the organization she receives services from. The program helps young women who are working to get their general equivalency diplomas.
And as another Christmas looms, Jackson is living in transitional housing. Because it's not permanent, she's still considered homeless.
"You know, in my 30s or 40s, nobody could have told me that I was going to be homeless at the age of 60," she says. "It was a bullet I didn't see coming. Not at all."
Audio produced for Morning Edition by Jasmyn Belcher.
Leaders of Japan's Korean community welcomed the election of Moon Jae-in as South Korea's next president, saying the victory offers a chance to rebalance and reform Japan's often contentious relationship with its Asian neighbor.
But they noted a host of thorny problems related to Japan's wartime history in Korea, such as the issue of Korean “comfort women,” remain, meaning it could be a while before solid progress becomes visible.
“Moon has emphasized the importance of dialogue with Japan, and we hope he will re-establish it,” said Kwak Jin Woong, director of the Osaka-based Korea NGO Center. “But there are still lots of outstanding problems between Japan and South Korea that will take time to be resolved.”
The most pressing historical issue is that of the Korean comfort women, Japan's euphemism to describe the girls and young women who were forced to provide sex to Japanese military personnel prior to and during World War II. After activists erected a statue of a comfort woman outside the Japanese consulate in Busan similar to one that stands in front of the Japanese Embassy in Seoul, Japan withdrew its ambassador in protest.
During the presidential campaign, however, a Moon adviser said he would not make the comfort women issue a starting point for relations with Japan. Japanese Ambassador Yasumasa Nagamine returned to Seoul last month.
Kwak said the Japanese government doesn't have deep connections to Moon.
“However, he has a wider base of support among Koreans in Japan, including NGO groups, than some past presidents,” Kwak said.
He also said that Prime Minister Shinzo Abe's attempts to use the tensions on the Korean Peninsula for his domestic political purposes were hurting Japan's diplomacy with South Korea.
“By building up fears about North Korea, Abe is pushing the need for constitutional revision,” he said. “The Abe administration needs to consider the people of South Korea as well and the effect on Japan's relations with South Korea by pumping up such fears.”
In a statement to Kyodo News, the pro-Seoul Korean Residents Union in Japan (Mindan) said that it had high expectations for Moon's victory after former President Park Geun-hye's impeachment and dismissal from office created political instability and exhaustion among voters.
“We hope that the new president will work to further improve relations between Japan and South Korea,” the statement said.
The political tensions between Japan and South Korea over the comfort women issue as well as fears of North Korea's missile and nuclear weapons programs appears to be having a limited impact on people-to-people exchanges. The first three months of 2017 saw more than 1.7 million South Koreans visit Japan, a 24 percent increase over the same period in 2016.
Over 614,000 Japanese visited South Korea during the first three months of this year, an average increase of 21 percent over the same period last year.
“People-to-people relations are good, especially in Osaka's Koreatown,” Kwak said.
UPDATE: 7:10PM PST Rather than answer the questions, I appear to have been blocked by Dr. Mann from viewing his Twitter account. See below
Earlier today, this tweet exchange took place.
I found this curious. And it prompts me to ask these three questions:
1. If in fact Yamal was “largely” irrelevant, how then do you explain this graph?
One makes a hockey stick, the other does not.
2. If in fact Yamal was “largely” irrelevant, why then did CRU fight the FOIA requests, invoking a decision by the ICO? According to Steve McIntyre:
Phil Jones' first instinct on learning about Climategate was that it was linked to the Yamal controversy that was in the air in the weeks leading up to Climategate. I had speculated that CRU must have done calculations for Yamal along the lines of the regional chronology for Taimyr published in Briffa et al 2008. CRU was offended and issued sweeping denials, but my surmise was confirmed by an email in the Climategate dossier. Unfortunately neither Muir Russell nor Oxburgh investigated the circumstances of the withheld regional chronology, despite my submission drawing attention to this battleground issue. I subsequently submitted an FOI request for the Yamal-Urals regional chronology and a simple list of sites used in the regional chronology. Both requests were refused by the University of East Anglia. I appealed to the Information Commissioner (ICO). A week ago, the Information Commissioner notified the University of East Anglia that he would be ruling against them on my longstanding FOI request for the list of sites used in the Yamal-Urals regional chronology referred to in a 2006 Climategate email. East Anglia accordingly sent me a list of the 17 sites used in the Yamal-Urals regional chronology (see here). A decision on the chronology itself is pending. In the absence of the chronology itself, I've done an RCS calculation, the results of which do not yield a Hockey Stick.
3. If in fact Yamal was “largely” irrelevant, why not advise your friends at CRU to release the previous existence denied regional chronology still being contested with the ICO?
In my opinion, Dr. Mann is untruthful about the relevance of Yamal tree ring chronologies.
If I'm wrong, sue me. I look forward to the discovery process.
===============================================================
UPDATE: It appears Dr. Mann can't handle the questions, I posted this tweet to his account, as did another user “Decatur Alabama”. It was the first tweet ever to Dr. Mann (from WUWT).
Now what I get is this:
That “loading tweets seems to be taking awhile” is code for “you've been blocked”.
As Louis Gray points out:
Quietly updated with the ongoing rollout of #NewTwitter, it now looks like trying to view the timeline of someone who has blocked you no longer works. Instead of a list of their tweets, you see a white lie from Twitter that says “Loading Tweets seems to be taking a while”. In actuality, this means those tweets are not going to be showing up for you ever – at least until the other person unblocks you or you use a second account.
I'm betting those two tweets have been removed as well. Can anyone who hasn't been blocked by Dr. Michael E. Mann confirm and supply a screen cap? Revkin seems to have removed the tweet I made to him as well.
In related news, I was surprised to discover that Dr. Mann has 3,105 followers and WUWT has 4, 645 followers. I suppose he can't block all of them, can he?
UPDATE2: 8AM PST 5/8/12 Mann has removed both tweets as I predicted he would…note the yellow line I added demarcation of his tweet just prior to the ones on the three questions.
I'm thrilled!. I've made one tweet to Dr. Mann in my entire life, asking three relevant questions about his hockey stick science. He responds by blocking me and deleting the tweets. “Who's the denier” now?
UPDATE3: 1:30PM PST some commenters suggest I'm not really blocked, but when I'm logged into twitter as “wattsupwiththat” and press the “Follow” button, I get this:
The Learn more link take you here: https://support.twitter.com/articles/117063#
They say…
Blocked users cannot:
Add your Twitter account to their lists.
Have their @replies or mentions show in your mentions tab (although these Tweets may still appear in search).
Follow you.
See your profile picture on their profile page or in their timeline.
Advertisements
Share this: Print
Email
Twitter
Facebook
Pinterest
LinkedIn
Reddit
The move from Microsoft Points will cost the customers
[Update: Microsoft has issued a statement about the pricing inconsistencies to Xbox One Daily. "We are aware that select regions experienced some incorrect game title pricing in the Xbox Live beta. This was an unintended error that we are in the process of fixing. We'll be reimbursing impacted beta participants for the difference in what was paid and what the price will be after the update is available to all members.]
There was much rejoicing when Microsoft's awful Monopoly Money economy was scheduled for a trip down the toilet, but apparently Microsoft can't resist throwing in some sour conditions. According to beta testers of the upcoming Xbox Live update, a price hike is imminent.
UK beta testers discovered the price changes and logged their findings on Reddit, noting a more than 30% increase in game prices. For example, 1200 Microsoft Points cost £9.99 in Britain, but in the new Xbox Live, games previously priced at 1200 Points will be cost at £11.99.
As you might expect, Microsoft will not be using its new values when it converts your existing Microsoft Points to real currency. If you currently have 1200 Points, you better spend them now, because once they're converted to £9.99, you won't be able to afford games you previously could. What Microsoft's done, essentially, is ensured that whatever money you currently have saved in your Xbox Live account will be significantly devalued.
It's currently unknown if a price raise will be seen in other territories, but look forward to it just in case.
You are logged out. Login | Sign up
There's been a lot of speculation on CM Punk's UFC future. Dave Meltzer of The Wrestling Observer Newsletter noted this week that there are numerous accounts that say Punk has been working hard but he has not progressed well as a fighter. Punk has participated in live sparring sessions at the gym and there have been a lot of rumors about how he looked but it's been consistently said that he has not fared well.
UFC originally hoped for Punk, who has had to delay his training at times due to back and shoulder injuries, to debut in the summer of fall of 2015 but injuries and the way he adapted to MMA cause delays. UFC then looked at having him debut on the June 4th UFC 199 event in Los Angeles but that was changed when Punk underwent back surgery, the same surgery Cain Velasquez had a few weeks before Punk, and Cain is booked to fight at UFC 200 on July 9th in Las Vegas.
The Observer also noted that the general feeling is Punk's first scheduled opponent, Mickey Gall, will probably run through him. It was pointed out that while there will obviously be a lot of buzz when the fight date is announced, UFC has kept quiet on Punk and lately he's kept a low profile, away from the media. The main reason behind signing a rookie fighter like Punk was the major media attention. Meltzer believes if too much more time goes by without a fight date announced, that will be telling of the whole situation.
Source: Wrestling Observer Newsletter
Subscribe to The Wrestling Observer by clicking here. Each issue has coverage and analysis of all the major news, plus history pieces. New subscribers can also receive free classic issues.
WFRP1 is often characterised as a British game. I thought it might be interesting to consider what characteristics, if any, mark it out as distinctively British.
It will no doubt be very tempting to fall back on cultural stereotypes. I shall do my best to avoid such clichés, but I can't promise to be wholly successful.
I also need to issue one other caveat: I am myself British. I am aware that this simultaneously qualifies and disqualifies me from opining about Britishness.
RULE BRITANNIA
Of course, in one sense WFRP1 is obviously British. It was written by British authors for a British games company. But it's also worth while pointing out that it shared a number of authors with games that are probably considered characteristically American. Ken Rolston wrote for most major RPGs of the 1980s. Jim Bambra, Phil Gallagher and Mike Brunton worked at TSR before joining GW. Nonetheless, these names may be the exceptions that prove the rule. It has been suggested before that Rolston's WFRP work “misses the spirit of WFRP” and that the TSR UK adventures are different in style from those produced by TSR in the US.
DARK SATANIC MILLS
At the time … fantasy games were always very clean and heroic; every character had gleaming armour, a bodybuilder physique, perfect teeth and masses of back-combed blonde hair. Moral questions were always black and white, with no real dilemmas. It was very shallow, and I found it unsatisfying. I still love the way WFRP blends horror and humour, and challenges players to deal with complex situations and choices of evils. – Graeme Davis, Warpstone
There is to my mind little doubt that WFRP1 has a different tone from the other major fantasy RPGs of the era. That is in large part because it is darker, grittier and morally less absolute.
But are these attributes characteristically British? Certainly they contrast with the major fantasy games of the 1980s, which were exclusively American (see, for example, my D&D Manifesto post). And GW staff seem to have been very conscious of the differences:
It's undeniable there was a certain amount of American versus British feeling there. – John Stallard, Battlegames
But I find it hard to claim these features are distinctively British. Shadows Over Bögenhafen is often considered the archetypal WFRP adventure. Yet it was by design a Call of Cthulhu adventure for Warhammer, and Call of Cthulhu was written by an American for an American publisher, based on American literature. It may have been the case that there was a greater propensity among British authors to embrace such a style, but the style was not, in my view, unique or necessarily characteristic.
Moreover, these ideas could also have been (and may actually have been) adopted outside the world of English-speaking RPGs.
So in my view WFRP‘s grim peril does not on its own mark the game out as British.
GREEN AND PLEASANT LAND
One way in which WFRP does seem British, though, is in its geography. Although the Old World is based on the real European continent, the scale on which the game is played seems to reflect historical Britain, and more specifically England. For example, the sizes of Old World cities match more closely the smaller cities of Renaissance England than their much larger European counterparts. There is also an almost complete absence of lakes of any great size. This reflects British geographical patterns and contrasts with the large lakes of continental Europe. (Neither the lakes of England's Lake District nor the lochs of Scotland are anywhere near the size of large European lakes.)
The contrast is even more striking when WFRP is compared with American games. The United States is, of course, far larger, wilder and less densely populated than England or other European countries. The exploration of vast wilderness areas was a staple of D&D/AD&D. WFRP, by contrast, focused more on urban adventures. (This point was well made by Andy Bartlett in his blog.)
ANARCHY IN THE UK
Warhammer also features many British cultural references, particularly from the 1980s. The appearances of Trollslayers, wood elves and Amazons have punk elements. Goblinoid culture is modelled on British football hooliganism. The presentation of several races is based on British regional stereotypes:
Dwarves were characterized as grim northerners, Orcs were dodgy south Londoners, elves as not quite manly, effete southerners… It was all just such great fun! – John Stallard, Battlegames
AND NOW FOR SOMETHING COMPLETELY DIFFERENT
To my mind, though, the element that most characterises WFRP1 as British is its sense of humour.
JS: The Americans struck me as terribly serious at that time, and the gaming, in my opinion, seemed a bit dull, and when Rick wrote Warhammer, of course with some guidance from Bryan, it was irreverent, it was very funny. RP: Well, that sort of characterization was driven by a very British sense of humour, very Pythonesque in places, and certainly irreverent, to the point of being a bit ‘sixth-form' to be honest. That was definitely something that Hal [Richard Halliwell] and I brought to it, because Hal did a lot of the original writing on Warhammer. – John Stallard and Rick Priestley, Battlegames
So what makes WFRP‘s sense of humour British? Wikipedia offers this description of British humour:
British humour is shaped by the relative stability of British society and carries a strong element of satire aimed at “the absurdity of everyday life”. Themes include the class system and sexual taboos; common techniques include puns, innuendo and intellectual jokes. A strong theme of sarcasm and self-deprecation, often with deadpan delivery, runs throughout British humour. Humour may be used to bury emotions in a way that seems insensitive to other cultures. Jokes are told about everything and almost no subject is taboo, though often a lack of subtlety when discussing controversial issues is considered crass. – Wikipedia
Helpfully Wikipedia goes on to provide a list of the distinctive characteristics of British humour. The list rings true to me, so I have compared humour in WFRP against it.
Puns. Puns are first in Wikipedia's list, and they should be first in any such list for WFRP. Warhammer is awash with puns, both good and bad.
Satire. Warhammer contains several satirical references to British politics of the 1980s. The Empress Margaritha, who came to power in 1979 and oversaw the collapse of Imperial elections, is an obvious reference to the Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher. The Scroll Tax in Power Behind the Throne alludes to the controversial “Poll Tax” of the late 1980s. And the WFB supplement McDeath is full of references to the Miners' Strike of 1984-1985.
Absurd and surreal. There are several examples of comically absurd situations in the Enemy Within campaign: the Purple Hand's silly hand gestures, tea with Ludwig von Wittgenstein, the goblin leader in a borrowed dress.
Black comedy. WFRP1 certainly mixes humour with serious subjects. The “bloody milk” joke in Mistaken Identity is an excellent example. (The joke is actually taken from The Black Adder, episode 5, ‘The Witchsmeller Pursuivant'. To me that episode particularly captures the spirit of WFRP, at least in its more absurd moments.)
Racial, national and regional stereotypes. The comedic potential of regional and national stereotypes is exploited in WFRP1 with gusto. Silly accents abound: cockney orcs, dwarfs from Yorkshire, Belgian gnome detectives, to name some of the more obvious ones.
Mercifully jokes about racial stereotypes are generally avoided in WFRP1, but ‘The Floating Gardens of Bahb-Elonn' (in White Dwarf 100) is an unfortunate exception.
Parody of other stereotypes. In ‘The Affair of the Hidden Jewel' there is little else!
Class system. The cliché of buffoonish aristocrats behaving badly is alive and well in WFRP1, for example in ‘Hooray for Henry' in Mistaken Identity, and the similar encounter in ‘River Life of the Empire'.
Loveable rogue. I don't recall this archetype being common in WFRP1, but there is the example of the Dickensian urchins in Power Behind the Throne.
Tolerance of and affection for eccentricity. Again this is not common in WFRP1, but one example is Wolfgang Kugelschreiber in ‘Eureka'.
Other. There are several themes in the Wikipedia list that are notably absent from WFRP1: innuendo (which was increasingly seen as old-fashioned by the mid-1980s), bullying and harsh sarcasm, social embarrassment, everyday life and the conflict between adults and children.
CARRY ON ROLE-PLAYING
Overall I think the nationality of its authors does shine through clearly in WFRP1. Where it is most striking is in its approach to humour, especially its black comedy. WFRP1‘s darker tone did not on its own mark it out as characteristically British, but its willingness to blend “horror and humour”, as Graeme Davis puts it, did.
Of course, the individual features I have highlighted should not be considered to be uniquely British, but they are in my opinion (which, as I discussed earlier, is qualified in both senses of the word) distinctive. They are qualities that helped define the game.
Advertisements
Inflection points
"Inflection point" is a much abused word these days, but if it's appropriate anywhere, then it's appropriate for describing the moment in the history of computing that we're rapidly approaching. It's a moment in which the shift to many-core hardware and multithreaded programming has quite literally broken previous paradigms for understanding the relationship between hardware and software, and the industry hasn't yet sorted out which new paradigms will replace the old ones.
Importantly, the entire computing industry won't pass through this inflection point all at once; it will happen at different times in different markets, as Moore's Law increases core and thread counts for different classes of processors. The first type of device to pass this inflection point will be the GPU, as it goes from being a relatively specialized, function-specific coprocessor to a much more generally programmable, data-parallel device. When the GPU has fully made that shift, game developers will have the opportunity to rethink real-time 3D rendering from the ground up.
For Tim Sweeney, co-founder of Epic Games and the brains behind every iteration of the widely licensed Unreal series of 3D game engines, this inflection point has been a long time coming. Back when Unreal 1 was still in stores and the 3Dfx Voodoo owned the nascent discrete 3D graphics market, Sweeney was giving interviews in which he predicted that rendering would eventually return to the CPU. Take a 1999 interview with Gamespy, for instance, in which he lays out the future timeline for the development of 3D game rendering that has turned out to be remarkably prescient in hindsight:
2006-7: CPU's become so fast and powerful that 3D hardware will be only marginally beneficial for rendering, relative to the limits of the human visual system, therefore 3D chips will likely be deemed a waste of silicon (and more expensive bus plumbing), so the world will transition back to software-driven rendering. And, at this point, there will be a new renaissance in non-traditional architectures such as voxel rendering and REYES-style microfacets, enabled by the generality of CPU's driving the rendering process. If this is a case, then the 3D hardware revolution sparked by 3dfx in 1997 will prove to only be a 10-year hiatus from the natural evolution of CPU-driven rendering.
Sweeney was off by at least two years, but otherwise it appears more and more likely that he'll turn out to be correct about the eventual return of software rendering and the death of the GPU as a fixed-function coprocessor. Intel's forthcoming Larrabee product will be sold as a discrete GPU, but it is essentially a many-core processor, and there's little doubt that forthcoming Larrabee competitors from NVIDIA and ATI will be similarly programmable, even if their individual cores are simpler and more specialized.
At NVIDIA's recent NVISION conference, Sweeney sat down with me for a wide-ranging conversation about the rise and impending fall of the fixed-function GPU, a fall that he maintains will also sound the death knell for graphics APIs like Microsoft's DirectX and the venerable, SGI-authored OpenGL. Game engine writers will, Sweeney explains, be faced with a C compiler, a blank text editor, and a stifling array of possibilities for bending a new generation of general-purpose, data-parallel hardware toward the task of putting pixels on a screen.
Goodbye, graphics APIs
JS: I'd like to chat a little bit about Larrabee and software rendering. I'm sure you're NDA'd on it, but Intel just did a pretty substantial reveal so we can talk in more detail about it. So first off, I'm wondering if you're looking at any of the Larrabee native stuff. What do you think about the prospects of this whole idea of not doing Direct3D or OpenGL, but writing directly to Larrabee's micro-OS?
TS: I expect that in the next generation we'll write 100 percent of our rendering code in a real programming language—not DirectX, not OpenGL, but a language like C++ or CUDA. A real programming language unconstrained by weird API restrictions. Whether that runs on NVIDIA hardware, Intel hardware or ATI hardware is really an independent question. You could potentially run it on any hardware that's capable of running general-purpose code efficiently.
JS: So you guys are just going to skip these graphics APIs entirely?
TS: That's my expectation. Graphics APIs only make sense in the case where you have some very limited, fixed-function hardware underneath the covers. It made perfect sense back with the 3Dfx Voodoo and the first NVIDIA cards, and the very first GeForces, but now that you have completely programmable shaders, the idea that you divide your scene up into triangles rendered in a certain order to a large framebuffer using fixed-function rasterizer features is really an anachronism. With all that general hardware underneath, why do you want to render scenes that way when you have more interesting possibilities available?
KHARTOUM (Reuters) - Rebels in Sudan's western Darfur region said on Tuesday they had seized control of a town from Sudanese government troops, part of their campaign to topple President Omar Hassan al-Bashir's government.
“Our forces entered Girayda, south of Nyala, and took over the garrison completely,” Abdullah Mursal, spokesman for the Sudan Liberation Army (SLA) faction led by Minni Minnawi, said.
“We want to bring the downfall of the regime. And to do that we have to take over cities before we reach Khartoum,” he added.
Mursal said the rebels, who included fighters from a faction led by Abdelwahid Nour, had captured two armored personnel carriers, some Landcruisers and weaponry.
Four rebels had been wounded in the fighting, he added.
Sudan's army spokesman could not be immediately reached for comment.
The two rebel factions involved in the attack formed an alliance - called the Sudanese Revolutionary Front - with other fighters in Sudan's southern border states late last year.
Sudan accuses South Sudan - which became independent from Khartoum last year after a protracted civil war - of secretly backing some rebels, an allegation Juba denies.
The two former civil war foes have clashed repeatedly in the last month along their shared border and remain locked in a conflict over oil revenues, border demarcation and citizenship that has threatened to escalate into a full-blown war.
Yacoub al-Malik, a lawmaker representing the town of Girayda, said Minnawi's troops had stormed the town in a convoy of 37 cars.
“There was a small group of army troops in the area and they were weak compared to the aggressor troops,” Malik said.
“They carried out killings ... and stole civilians' property,” he said, adding that the rebels had also destroyed telecommunications towers.
The African Union/U.N. joint peacekeeping mission (UNAMID), which has a large presence in Darfur, said its personnel had relocated to a camp just outside Girayda.
“The U.N. team is on high alert. Most U.N. and non-U.N. international stuff have been relocated to a compound site just outside of Girayda,” UNAMID spokesman Chris Cycmanick said.
Violence has subsided since mostly African insurgents in Darfur took up arms against the Arab-dominated government in 2003, but rebel and tribal fighting and banditry still roils the territory.
If you were a driver, a cyclist or a pedestrian in the Castro between the hours of 2pm and 10:30pm yesterday and didn't get into a collision, add a tally mark to your personal "win" column.
Besides leaving 450 local residents and businesses in the dark, a fallen tree at 16th and Church streets cut power at one of the neighborhood's most dangerous intersections: where Noe, 16th and Market streets meet.
Take a look:
@sfmta_muni @SF311 Someone really needs to get out here before there's an accident. F line is left to fend for itself. pic.twitter.com/v0pKkyF5Mb — Steven Bracco (@Braccs) February 8, 2017
Horns were blaring, F-Market streetcar bells were jangling and pedestrians were schooling like fish to avoid getting hit during the nearly nine-hour blackout.
Although police cars were seen driving through the intersection, no officers were sent to assist traffic management.
"There are more pressing issues in the district that we need to respond to," an SFPD dispatcher, who answered our third call to the department, told Hoodline yesterday evening. "We are just playing catch up."
Photo: Shane Downing/Hoodline
This morning, a member of SFPD's media relations told us that it is "not the police's duty to direct traffic, it's the meter maids."
"We only [direct traffic] sometimes if there is a need for it—if there was no call, then there is no need for us to respond."
Partial power outage in The Castro and stop lights are non-functioning at Market/16th/Noe. Pretty impressive nobody has crashed yet pic.twitter.com/FVeIYzhlpo — Chris Masterson (@chrismasterson) February 7, 2017
The intersection of Noe, 16th and Market streets has seen its fair share of collisions (such as this pedestrian struck by a car last summer and this motorcycle that hit another vehicle in December). It falls along two of the city's existing high-injury corridors, Market and 16th, and improving the intersection has been included in the Upper Market Street Safety Project. However, no changes have been made yet.
One vehicular collision in the blacked out intersection was reported to us just after 8pm yesterday, with cars reportedly "still whizzing by" after it happened.
@Braccs @SF311 @SFPD Apparently urgency not understood. Accident just now at Market & Noe/16th. Cars still whizzing by not stopping — Darren Schreiber (@pyite) February 8, 2017
The cherry on top?
This morning we learned that a traffic light at the same intersection came down during the wee hours of the morning (power was restored around 10:30pm yesterday evening). The carnage could be seen at the intersection's northeast corner, laying on the sidewalk in front of the Castro Republic.
Photo: Steven Bracco/Hoodline
It is unclear how exactly the pole came down, and we are waiting to hear back from 311. We'll keep you updated.
Thank you to our wonderful tipsters, Chris M. and Daniel L.!
See something interesting while you're out and about? Text Hoodline and we'll see what we can find: (415) 200-3233.
One paper that I want to share with any of my colleagues, although it is not in my field, is Doyle and Conway, Division by Three, math/0605779v1.
To emphasize why this paper is so great, let me quote the entirety of the conclusion (saving you the trouble of reading the rest of the paper):
What's wrong with the axiom of choice?
Part of our aversion to using the axiom of choice stems from our view that it is probably not ‘true'. A theorem of Cohen shows that the axiom of choice is independent of the other axioms of ZF, which means that neither it nor its negation can be proved from the other axioms, providing that these axioms are consistent. Thus as far as the rest of the standard axioms are concerned, there is no way to decide whether the axiom of choice is true or false. This leads us to think that we had better reject the axiom of choice on account of Murphy's Law that ‘if anything can go wrong, it will'. This is really no more than a personal hunch about the world of sets. We simply don't believe that there is a function that assigns to each non-empty set of real numbers one of its elements. While you can describe a selection function that will work for ﬁnite sets, closed sets, open sets, analytic sets, and so on, Cohen's result implies that there is no hope of describing a deﬁnite choice function that will work for ‘all' non-empty sets of real numbers, at least as long as you remain within the world of standard Zermelo-Fraenkel set theory. And if you can't describe such a function, or even prove that it exists without using some relative of the axiom of choice, what makes you so sure there is such a thing?
Not that we believe there really are any such things as inﬁnite sets, or that the Zermelo-Fraenkel axioms for set theory are necessarily even consistent. Indeed, we're somewhat doubtful whether large natural numbers (like 805000, or even 2200) exist in any very real sense, and we're secretly hoping that Nelson will succeed in his program for proving that the usual axioms of arithmetic—and hence also of set theory—are inconsistent. (See [E. Nelson. Predicative Arithmetic. Princeton University Press, Princeton, 1986.]) All the more reason, then, for us to stick with methods which, because of their concrete, combinatorial nature, are likely to survive the possible collapse of set theory as we know it today.
Duck Dynasty patriarch Phil Robertson, his son Alan, and Mike Huckabee are joining other speakers at a Houston rally defending religious freedom after the city issued subpoenas earlier this month demanding a several pastors turn over sermons dealing with LGBT issues.
Christians and conservatives nationwide have been rallying to protest what many believe is a violation of the ministers' First Amendment rights, including actor Chuck Norris, who published a piece in Townhall entitled “Houston, We Have a (1st Amendment) Problem.”
“If the city attorney and Mayor Annise Parker need a primer on the First Amendment, then let them know that America's founders drafted it even to protect the political speech of preachers!” Norris wrote.
The Inquisitr reported recently that the mayor of Houston had backed down on the demand for the sermons after the backlash caused by the subpoenas.
However, according to the Washington Times, the subpoenas still order the pastors to turn over emails, texts, and other communications with church members on topics such as the mayor, homosexuality, and gender identity.
The city's requests are being challenged in court by attorneys for the pastors.
A large event scheduled for November 2, “I Stand Sunday,” which will take place at Grace Community Church in Houston, was organized to support the pastors and “the freedom to live out our faith free of government intrusion or monitoring,” according to the event website.
Duck Commander Phil Robertson has been mum so far – at least publicly – on his opinion of the city's demands. Perhaps the backlash against him and the Duck Dynasty Empire after he expressed his views on homosexuality in the past have made him a bit cautious, but with Robertson's outspoken history that is doubtful. For whatever reason he has withheld his views, but considering that his religious beliefs are well known and the fact that he and other Duck Dynasty family members have quite a following among conservatives, his presence at the rally is a feather in the organizers' caps.
Huckabee, on the other hand, has been vocal in his objections to the city's demands, saying that the Houston mayor's actions are a forewarning of the potential threat to freedom of religion by government officials pushing “gender-neutrality.”
“When pastors in Houston, Texas, are told, ‘Give me your papers, correspondence with church members, sermon notes, church bulletins,' this is truly unsettling, It could be what the mayor of Houston has done unwittingly is to do more to wake up people in the church pews than 100,000 pastors could have done by screaming at the top of their lungs that our culture is rapidly fading away from us.”
Other speakers joining Duck Dynasty's Phil and Alan Robertson and Huckabee include pastors involved in the controversy and other prominent religious leaders, as well as several well-known conservative public figures including Fox News‘ Todd Starnes.
[Image via the Washington Times]
Arabs for Black Power—a circle of organizers from the United States and Arabic-speaking regions—has released a statement in solidarity with the Movement for Black Lives.
The Movement for Black Lives, or M4BL, is raising global consciousness about state-sanctioned and state-perpetuated violence against people of color in the United States, as well as actively working to dismantle the institutional and systemic oppression that makes these extrajudicial killings just another day in North America.
Advertisement
M4BL also stands in solidarity with indigenous and Latinx communities, as well as oppressed and marginalized people around the world.
"This expression of solidarity continues to be urgently imperative, especially in light of the ongoing attacks on black, indigenous and Arab peoples," said Arab for Black Power organizers. "The recent egregious police killings of Keith Lamont Scott, Terence Crutcher and 13-year-old Tyre King, and suppression of Charlotte, N.C.'s righteous resistance; the blatant disregard for the lives, water, land and rights of indigenous nations in Standing Rock, ND; and the incessant military campaigns on populations in Syria, Yemen and Iraq are but a brutal reminder of the war of terror waged against black and indigenous peoples in the US and elsewhere. The statement closes with a solemn commitment and enduring promise to fight anti-blackness everywhere: 'We see you. We hear you. We stand with you.'"
Read the full #Arabs4BlackPower statement below:
We, the undersigned artists, academics, mothers, fathers, students, refugees, and community organizers with ties to Arabic­-speaking regions, declare our unwavering solidarity with the Movement for Black Lives (M4BL). We fully and wholeheartedly endorse the policy demands put forth by the US­-based Movement for Black Lives platform and its transnationalist vision for Black power, freedom and justice. We join you in reiterating the necessity of shared struggle and collective liberation of all oppressed and indigenous people globally. For liberation to be real and genuine, we all need to get free. The current iteration of the movement to end the war and genocide against Black people in the US is rooted in centuries of the Black freedom struggle. As we commemorate the month of Black August and its history of radical resistance, we as #Arabs4BlackPower commit to amplifying the rebellions of Black and indigenous people in the settler­-colonies of the Americas; and to joining in the fight against white supremacy, patriarchy, and hyper­-militarized late capitalism. Once again, Black people in the US are defending themselves from the violence inscribed in the Americas' settler colonialist regimes built on the backs of Indigenous, Black, and Brown people through the expropriation of indigenous lands, genocide, and slavery. Once again, Black freedom fighters are refusing colonial and imperial narratives that uphold white supremacy and are continuing to craft a language rooted in the struggle for justice. Once again, Black liberation movements are challenging systems of criminalization that dehumanize, incarcerate, and assassinate Indigenous, Black, and Brown people—systems that simultaneously transcend and reinforce national boundaries through border-control complexes to terrorize people around the world under the umbrella of the global “war on terror.” And once again, Black organizers in the US have put forth a vision to continue imagining and transforming these systems within and across borders. The U.S. empire violently exerts control over Indigenous, Black, and Brown communities internally and around the globe. People in predominantly Arabic­-speaking regions experience empire in locally specific material forms: bombings, drone strikes, forced disappearances, checkpoints, carceral wars, forced migration, indigenous displacement, starvation, the theft of natural resources, apartheid, and more. The geography of ‘Ferguson to Palestine' is integral to #Arabs4BlackPower charting the structural connections, albeit different manifestations, inscribed by the US-­led “war on terror.” It connects anti­-Blackness as well as anti­-Muslim and anti­Arab racism in the US with global imperial wars in the rest of the world.
Advertisement
The “war on terror” rests on regional geopolitical alliances forged for the sole purpose of maintaining and furthering imperial and Zionist hegemony. It is situated within a genealogy of colonial legacies that have structured power in Arabic­speaking regions along the lines of gender, religion, ethnicity, skin color, language, and sexual orientation, to name a few. With these genealogies in mind, those of us struggling to rid all communities of the Maghreb and the Mashreq* from militarization and neoliberalism must center the lived experiences and aspirations of women, Black Arabs, Nubians, Imazighen, Kurds, Armenians, migrant workers, refugees, gender­-nonconforming individuals, queers, and others. We pledge to work against marginalization within our communities in all its forms and to continue examining the language we use as we continue dismantling colonial legacies. We must refuse and erase national boundaries created to divide us­­—building with the oppressed from Palestine to Western Sahara, from Yemen to Syria, from Algeria to Sudan, from Tunisia to Egypt and beyond, as we come together in solidarity with the Movement for Black Lives. In pledging to resist and overcome, we as #Arabs4BlackPower unequivocally support the M4BL platform for reparations, invest­-divest, economic justice, community control and political power. We recognize, as did many before us, that only through joint struggle will we dismantle the distinct yet intersecting systems that both oppress Black and Indigenous people in the settler colonies of the Americas and institutionalize a war of terror from within US boundaries to the Mashreq, Maghreb, and beyond. To this end, we commit ourselves to combating anti­-Blackness wherever we find it in our communities—both within the boundaries of the US as immigrant­-settlers complicit in white supremacy, as well as in Arabic­speaking regions where socio­-historically distinct forms of discrimination against Black Arabs intersect with other forms of marginalization along the lines of gender, religion, ethnicity, skin color, language, and sexual orientation to name a few. From Ferguson to Palestine: we will work for liberation. To everyone building towards the Movement for Black Lives: We see you. We hear you. We stand with you. **Maghreb and Mashreq are locally referenced geographies within predominantly Arabic speaking regions spanning from the Maghreb (Western Africa) to the Mashreq (Eastern Africa and Western Asia). In Joint Struggle,
Signatories
Read the Arabs4BlackPower statement in Arabic here.
Saman Mohammadi
The Excavator
November 10, 2011
“The minute we fell for 9/11 we signed our doom,” said Paul Craig Roberts on the Alex Jones Show on November 9, 2011.
Alex responded, “9/11 is America's death warrant.”
In the ten years since 9/11, America has been turned into a third world police state with a large underclass, a rapidly declining middle class, and a plutocracy that has broken its economic, political and emotional ties with America.
America's traitorous political establishment has abandoned ship. They are treating America like a dump. Instead of building new bridges and creating jobs at home, they are shipping jobs overseas and forcing millions of Americans to beg for a piece of meat.
Even the body parts of American war heroes are discarded in landfillsites. That act is symbolic of the fact that the new world order traitors in Washington think of the American people as garbage and dirt.
On 9/11, the new world order traitors declared war on America and humanity.
So far, they have carried out the war from behind the scenes, in the shadows, inside the heart of government, while posing as America's protectors. But that could change any day because the police state infrastructure that they have constructed in the last three decades in the guise of fighting terrorism and stopping the flow of drugs into America has given them the ability to wage their war against America out in the open.
A d v e r t i s e m e n t
They have the resources and the will to completely destroy America. All that is missing is the perfect storm.
After the snakes of the new world order cause the perfect storm the wolves of the new world order will be unleashed on America. At that point, the war against America and humanity will enter a new stage.
Below I've listed nine ways that the new world order traitors are conducting their war against the American people and American constitution.
1. Military Checkpoints by the TSA and Homeland Security.
Checkpoints are being set up all across America to search for bombs, guns, political literature, and other items that the hijacked government in D.C. is afraid of. Supporters of Ron Paul and libertarianism are singled out as lone wolves who pose a threat to social stability. In the airports, people are manhandled like lap rats and their basic dignity is stripped from them.
The new world order guards are treating the American people like prisoners because they are afraid and scared. They want to kill the spirit of America because they know that once that spirit is awakened they will be finished in a flash.
Only the American people have the power to destroy their fascist agenda and save humanity from global despotism.
2. Media Censorship And Media Ridicule of Patriots.
There are so many examples of the establishment media's censorship of fundamental issues. The truth is regarded as the enemy by journalists, editors, and “news” executives.
Former Gov. Jesse Ventura's heroic resistance to the tyrannical TSA and his court hearing was treated as a joke by the establishment media and immediately ignored, despite its huge implications for American society.
Ventura voiced his anger at the media on the Alex Jones show on November 8, saying, “It seems I'm running into a brick wall with the media. Mainstream media won't discuss the case, they don't think it is relevant at all. In fact, I was due to do CNN yesterday and I was bumped because of course the big trial verdict was coming down in the Michael Jackson case. And so that has more importance.” Ventura said he told the CNN producer, “Well, I completely understand, after all, mine is simply a constitutional issue. Why would that take preference over, you know, Michael Jackson's verdict on his drug overdose.” Ventura then added, “but that's our pop culture media.”
3. State-Sponsored Terrorism.
The Oklahoma City Bombing and the September 11 attacks proved that the American people are sacrificial pawns in the global war against all nations that is being waged secretly by the new world order traitors.
No American is safe from the evil of the hijacked federal government and its master, the international banking empire.
Every human being is threatened by the demons in Washington and their comrades in Israel and England.
The next inside job in America may be a Nuclear 9/11. Hundreds of thousands of Americans may get incinerated by the evil terrorists in Washington and Israel to help gain public support for the coming wars against Iran and Pakistan.
4. Implosion of The American Economy.
America does not have an economy. It has a prison industry, a financial industry, an entertainment industry, and a military industry. Its insides have been gutted. The heart, the liver, all the organs that make a nation healthy and strong have all been pulled out by the new world order traitors.
The 2008 banking crisis was created on purpose to phase out the American dollar and introduce a new global currency and global central bank. Trillions of dollars have been stolen from the American people by the big banks, and the privately owned Federal Reserve.
Everybody can see that America's national interest and has been sabotaged by the international banking regime and their traitorous agents in Washington. They have destroyed the common good in America, and ruined any chance of an economic recovery in the near future.
5. Attempted Destruction of Alternative Narratives, Currencies, Food, Farming, And Medicine.
The political mantra that “There is no alternative” is a lie.
The new world order traitors want one enslaved world community, one despotic world government, and one politically crafted global reality. They don't want any questioning of their system. They hate critical dialogue and debate.
They don't care that their global authoritarian government is based on mass murder, theft, terrorism, deception, world wars, treason, and even global genocide. They only want one version of history to be remembered and taught by future generations.
A small number of criminal corporations have been given monopolies by the federal government in all areas of life: food, money, security, information, transportation, etc. All these corporations are in favor of a global fascist state because they hate economic competition and the free market system.
The 9/11 truth and justice movement is the greatest threat to the fascist new world order because we have the force of truth on our side. We have the facts and scientific evidence to prove that the criminals in Washington, London and Israel are mass murderers and state terrorists.
6. Saddling New Debts on The American People by Waging Criminal and Fraudulent Wars Overseas.
In the stable of nations, America is the most powerful and beautiful horse. This horse was stolen and poisoned with lies and propaganda on December 23, 1913, when the international banking criminals established their Federal Reserve System.
America is not just any horse. It is a work horse and a war horse, and it excels at both because of the spirit and productivity of the American people. The Banksters and corporate fascists are using the American horse to pillage the planet and conquer all nations.
When the American horse becomes exhausted and can no longer push the new world order agenda through the marshes of history, the new world order rider will hop off and kill it.
The traitors in D.C. want to do this gently, but if the American people resist, then the American horse will be killed violently. Its replacement is a horse from hell: the global fascist state.
For now, the American horse will be saddled with debts. The American people will be forced to pay back these debts to the international banking gang at gunpoint, or they will start a new revolution to wipe out all the false financial debts and the debts that were incurred as a result of the war on terror scam and irresponsible bank bailouts.
7. Surveillance.
A sophisticated surveillance grid has been created in America to track everybody's consumer behavior, political beliefs, and daily routines. There is no privacy in Totalitarian America. Everybody is under the thumb of Big Brother.
There will be chaos when the system crashes and the economy collapses. That is when the complete surveillance grid will be rolled out and used against the American people. People who even think about resisting the banksters and corporate fascists will be targeted for execution.
8. A Police State Infrastructure With Concentration Camps, Torture Facilities, Prisons, Detention Centers, and Mass Graves.
The threat that America and humanity is facing is not really a “war,” but global genocide.
We are all natives now.
9/11 was to our generation and our civilization what the sight of European ships was to the native inhabitants of North America.
They were killed off like bugs.
The 99% are being treated in the same way.
Brainwashed agents of state terrorists will enforce the global totalitarian regime's orders and kill dissidents in every continent, slum, suburb, and village.
Americans will be buried in mass graves and landfills like everybody else.
No nation will be left alone.
Human life is worthless waste according to the soulless globalist banksters and new world order traitors. They see humanity as a cancer, and they are treating us accordingly.
9. Release of Bio Weapons, And Global Plagues Like The Avian Flu.
A global plague will kill off at least 2 billion people, including millions of Americans. Such a reality will be celebrated by the new world order traitors and mass murderers. They will rejoice after they set the whole world on fire and reduce civilization to a state of pure savagery and barbarism.
The rule of law has already been shattered by the demons in Washington. It is every man for himself now. We are all back in the jungle, and facing all the terror that comes with living in a state of lawlessness.
Imagine what will happen when a global emergency is declared two weeks into a global health crisis. People will turn into animals. They will see death all around them.
The evil of world war, plus a global economic crisis and a world plague will devastate and ruin our societies. And that is the point.
All this has been planned by the sociopathic and evil ruling elite that hijacked America. They want terror, a global war, a global economic crisis, a global plague, and total global chaos, so they can offer their global government as a solution to these catastrophes.
In the process, they are bringing all nations into a state of poverty, war, fear, and slavery.
We can respond in two ways to this dark reality: with denial, or with vengeance.
We face two futures: the annihilation of America and humanity, or the resurrection of both.
This article was posted: Friday, November 11, 2011 at 3:59 am
Print this page.
Infowars.com Videos:
Comment on this article
Fans face a long wait for the sixth novel in the bestselling A Song of Ice and Fire series, but a new edition of three previously anthologised novellas set in the Game of Thrones world is due in October
Another year of waiting for The Winds of Winter to blow is in store for fans of George RR Martin, as his publisher confirmed there are no plans for the much-anticipated latest volume from his A Song of Ice and Fire series to appear in 2015. Instead, readers will have to comfort themselves with an illustrated edition of three previously anthologised novellas set in the world of Westeros.
A Knight of the Seven Kingdoms takes place nearly a century before the bloody events of the A Song of Ice and Fire series, when the Iron Throne was still held by the Targaryens. Out in October, it is a compilation of the first three official prequel novellas to the series, The Hedge Knight, The Sworn Sword and The Mystery Knight, never before collected, and now set for release in a new illustrated edition.
Martin's publisher Jane Johnson at HarperCollins promised that fans will pick up all sorts of clues from reading them.
Game of Thrones season five trailer: masks, snakes, blood and dragons Read more
“The novellas,” said Johnson, “are illustrated in black and white line drawings throughout by Gary Gianni in classic style. It will be a truly lovely book, and I adore these clever, funny stories.” They “give fascinating insights into the ongoing story, from the point of view of Ser Duncan the Tall, a hedge knight, and his squire Egg – who may be rather more than he first seems,” she said. “The short novels have been previously published in separate anthologies but never put together before, and this will be a particularly beautiful edition.”
However, Johnson confirmed that The Winds of Winter, the next novel in the series that has been filmed by HBO as A Game of Thrones, is not in this year's schedule. “I have no information on likely delivery,” she said. “These are increasingly complex books and require immense amounts of concentration to write. Fans really ought to appreciate that the length of these monsters is equivalent to two or three novels by other writers.”
Baddies in books: Joffrey Baratheon, king of villains Read more
Readers have been waiting to get their hands on The Winds of Winter ever since Martin published the fifth book in his bestselling series, A Dance with Dragons, in 2011, with their appetite only whetted by the release of extracts online. The novelist was forced to damp down excitement in December, when a “12 days of Christmas” promotion for his books led them to speculate that its release was imminent.
George RR Martin's fantasy is not far from reality Read more
“Somehow, from somewhere, the rumour arose that the ‘12 Days' were actually a countdown ... not to Xmas, but to the publication of The Winds of Winter, or the announcement of its completion and/or pub date,” blogged the novelist.
George RR Martin offers to screen The Interview at his own cinema Read more
“Sorry. Not true. Look, I've said before, and I will say again, I don't play games with news about the books. I know how many people are waiting, how long they have been waiting, how anxious they are. I am still working on Winds. When it's done, I will announce it here. There won't be any clues to decipher, any codes or hidden meanings, the announcement will be straightforward and to the point. I won't time it to coincide with Xmas or Valentine's Day or Lincoln's Birthday, the book will not rise from the dead with Jesus on Easter Sunday. When it is done, I will say that it is done [sic], on whatever day I happen to finish. I don't know how I can make it any clearer.”
In the past, Martin's fellow fantasy novelist Neil Gaiman has sprung to his defence in the wake of criticism from fans over his writing pace. “George RR Martin is not your bitch,” Gaiman blogged in 2009, as readers clamoured for A Dance with Dragons. “This is a useful thing to know, perhaps a useful thing to point out when you find yourself thinking that possibly George is, indeed, your bitch, and should be out there typing what you want to read right now. People are not machines. Writers and artists aren't machines.”
Reuters President Donald Trump is reportedly planning to propose a 15% corporate tax rate — which could cost the government $2 trillion, according to one estimate.
If President Donald Trump does propose slashing the U.S. corporate tax rate to 15%, as reports have suggested, one estimate is that it could cost the government some $2 trillion in lost revenue.
Trump is preparing to roll out what he's called a “big tax reform and tax reduction” package on Wednesday, and one of the details that has leaked out is cutting the corporate rate to 15% from 35%. Businesses and politicians regularly decry the 35% rate, though corporations often pay effectively less in taxes via deductions and credits.
Trump has told staff he wants a major tax cut to sell to Americans, and it was less important to him if the plan loses revenue, The Wall Street Journal reported Monday.
Under the corporate plan, losing revenue is exactly what would happen, according to an analysis done by the Tax Foundation during the campaign. Trump's 15% number matches his campaign proposal, and that rate would cost the federal government $2.1 trillion over 10 years, according to the foundation's estimate.
The estimate shrinks when accounting for growth that would result from tax cuts, but still comes in at just over $1 trillion over 10 years, the same estimate found.
Projected revenue loss of that magnitude is almost certain to be a non-starter for deficit hawks on Capitol Hill, and analysts are already predicting that Trump's corporate number could come down in negotiations.
“We doubt he can get the top corporate rate down to 15%, as he apparently will propose [Wednesday], but this is how he deals,” writes Greg Valliere of Horizon Investments. “Shoot for 15% but take 20% in negotiations — still a dramatic reduction from the present 35% top rate.”
During the campaign Trump also criticized the growing national debt. But his tax cuts could wind up increasing it even more.
Also read: Here's how the U.S. got to $20 trillion in debt.
The iconic score to Capcom's classic beat 'em up is being pressed to wax.
In case you didn't have enough video game soundtracks on vinyl, video game music-loving label Brave Wave is issuing a limited edition vinyl edition of the Street Fighter II score.
The release includes remasters of both CPS-1 and CPS-2 versions of the arcade game, taken directly from the arcade boards. The soundtrack has also been given the blessing of original composer Yoko Shimomura, who also contributes to the liner notes.
The deluxe edition is the first of what Brave Wave is calling the Generation Series, which works with experts and the original composers to reissue the soundtracks to classic video games. There's no indication yet as to what other games the series might be focusing on, but the packaging mock-up certainly looks the part.
There's no release date for the Street Fighter II soundtrack as yet, but the label promises each double vinyl edition will come on “translucent colored vinyl, with art prints sourced from the Capcom archive”. Polygon writer Matt Leone will also contribute to the liner notes.
If you don't have a turntable, Brave Wave are issuing a CD version as well, which you can view below. You can keep an eye out for updates on the release at Brave Wave's Twitter or sign up for updates here.
It's a great choice of game to launch with – Street Fighter II recently featured on FACT's list of the 100 greatest video game soundtracks. [via Kotaku]
Sen. Chuck Schumer called the anti-terrorism program “the cornerstone of effective prevention against terrorist threats.” | Getty White House rips Schumer's 'credibility' on national security
The White House on Wednesday lambasted Sen. Chuck Schumer, calling into question his national security credentials after he criticized the Obama administration over homeland security funding.
New York officials, including Schumer, have called on the White House to restore counterterrorism funds to a federal program sending grants to state and local authorities.
Story Continued Below
In a statement Wednesday, Schumer called the antiterrorism program “the cornerstone of effective prevention against terrorist threats” and said it helps police do what they can to keep New Yorkers safe.
“It makes no sense for the administration to slash critically needed antiterrorism funding, especially at a time when we are all on high alert,” Schumer said. “I pledge to fight tooth and nail in Congress to make sure that [Urban Areas Security Initiative] funds are increased in New York City and across the country.”
“At some point, Sen. Schumer's credibility in talking about national security issues, particularly when the facts are as they are when it relates to homeland security, have to be affected by the position that he's taken on other issues,” White House press secretary Josh Earnest shot back.
Earnest said that the UASI account has $600 million in it and the Obama administration has proposed pouring a further $255 million into the program in 2016. “This year's contribution into that account is almost twice as much as New York officials have spent out of that account over the last two years combined,” said Earnest, who added that New York receives more funds than most local communities because of how large it is and also because it's “a high-profile target of terrorists.”
He then called out the senator for a vote he took last year rebuffing the administration over its nuclear deal with Iran and other world powers. “Sen. Schumer is somebody that came out and opposed the international agreement to prevent Iran from obtaining a nuclear weapon,” Earnest said. “He was wrong about that position, and most of his Democrats disagreed with him in taking that position. And when people look at the facts here when it comes to funding for homeland security they'll recognize that he's wrong this time, too.”
Eliza Collins contributed to this report.
1 of 2
Luxury watchmaker Rolex took out a page in several Italian newspapers to distance its brand from a rioter photographed with a luxury watch on her wrist as she spray-painted buildings in Milan, during violent protests against the opening of the Universal Exhibition in the city.
The picture of the black clad anarchist with a taste for expensive timepieces was taken amid the chaos that engulfed Italy's business capital on May Day, when baton-wielding demonstrators wearing motorcycle helmets pelted police with stones and set vehicles and shops ablaze.
The image went viral online and was seized upon by the government to dismiss protesters as spoiled thugs moved by no ideology rather than that of senseless violence.
Interior Minister Angelino Alfano described them as "masked crooks and Rolex-wearing preppy boys", while Prime Minister Matteo Renzi praised Milan residents who took to the streets to clean up the city after the violence saying: "While those with Rolexes were out smashing shop windows, they [locals] took it on themselves to tidy up."
The Swiss manufacturer has now demanded both officials rectify their statements on the grounds that from the photo it is not clear whether or not the female rioter was actually wearing a real Rolex - the cheapest model approximately £5,000 ($7,500, €6,700)
In an open letter to Renzi and Alfano published as an ad in several newspapers, the company implied it was unacceptable for its expensive products to become infamous as a rioters' watch.
"Due to the [poor] quality of photos and videos broadcast by media, it is highly unlikely that the watch the hooligans wore can reliably be identified as a Rolex (and even more so as an authentic Rolex)", the letter signed by Rolex Italy managing director Gianpaolo Marini read.
"I have to express my regret and disappointment at the incidental association your words made between smashing shop windows and wearing a Rolex."
The government didn't immediately comment on the letter, which was read by some as a PR stunt.
Up to 1,500 radicals, known in Italy as Black Blocs, wreaked havoc in Milan last week clashing with police on the side-lines of the opening of Expo Milano 2015.
The violence overshadowed a largely peaceful protest against the food-themed world fair, which demonstrators believe will not benefit Italy but instead the corporations collaborating with the event. Protesters also claimed that thousands of people are working for free as volunteers at the international event.
The Expo inauguration was nevertheless hailed as a success by organisers, with an estimated 650,000 visitors in the first three days of exhibition.
Some 145 countries are taking part in the event that has the slogan "Feeding the Planet, Energy for Life" as central theme.
Presumptive Republican nominee for United States president Donald Trump loses support among likely voters against presumptive Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton, according to a Reuters/Ipsos poll that was released on Friday by Reuters. The poll, which was conducted from July 3-8 and included 1,240 likely voters, had an accuracy of three percentage points.
“So far it appears that Johnson and Stein draw support evenly from Clinton and Trump when they are included in opinion polls. In a four-way race, 45 percent of likely voters support Clinton, 34 percent Trump, 5 percent Johnson and 4 percent Stein, according to a separate five-day polling average on July 8. That compares with 46 percent for Clinton and 33 percent for Trump in a two-way race.”
As the Inquisitr recently reported, Trump had been narrowing the gap against Clinton in recent polls conducted by USA Today/Suffolk and Reuters/Ipsos. While Trump had lost support among voters following his comments regarding last month's shooting at Pulse, a popular LGBT nightclub in Orlando, Florida, it appeared as though he was in the process of recovering. Clinton increased her lead to double digits towards the middle of June, but Trump closed the gap into single digits after Clinton's email scandal took center stage.
null
In the Reuters/Ipsos poll that was taken June 20–24, Clinton led Trump by 13.3 points. In another Reuters/Ispos poll that was taken June 23–28, Clinton's lead was down to 11.2 points. In another Reuters/Ipsos poll that was taken June 27–July 1, Clinton's lead was down to 9.4 points. In the USA Today/Suffolk poll that was taken June 26–29, Clinton only had a 5.2-point lead. Regardless of Trump's views on Muslims and illegal immigration, some voters continued to support him.
It appears as though Trump's recovery was only temporary, as Clinton, once again, has a 13-point lead over Trump in a two-way race. The interesting part is when Gary Johnson of the Libertarian Party and Jill Stein of the Green Party are added in as potential candidates for voters. As expected, Trump and Clinton still receive the majority of the support, but 9 percent of voters prefer Johnson or Stein.
Another poll by Reuters/Ipsos, which was conducted from July 1-8 and included 2,153 likely voters from all 50 states, shows that a fairly significant percentage of people do not want Trump or Clinton. The poll, which had a measure of accuracy of two percentage points, shows that many potential voters are concerned about the future of the United States if Trump or Clinton is elected.
“21 percent of likely voters will not back Trump or Clinton. That compares with about 13 percent of likely voters who opted out of the two main choices at the same point in the 2012 race between incumbent President Barack Obama and Republican challenger Mitt Romney. The poll also showed a majority of American voters have an overall ‘unfavorable' view of both main candidates, with 46 percent of Clinton supporters and 47 percent of Trump supporters saying their top priority when voting will be to stop the opposing candidate from reaching the White House.”
With almost half of Clinton and Trump supporters only favoring their candidates in order to stop the other candidate from winning, Americans are left with two leading candidates that they really do not want. Since neither Johnson nor Stein are going to become the next president of the United States, Americans are going to have to deal with the reality that Trump or Clinton is going to win the election. Regardless, Johnson and Stein can still influence the election.
null
Johnson and Stein are currently drawing equal support from otherwise Clinton or Trump supporters, but that could change over the coming months. If more potential Clinton voters feel as though she is not the right person to become the next president, they could move their allegiance to one of the third-party candidates. While Trump would not be gaining more supporters in this scenario, it would still narrow the gap even further.
With the latest polls between presumptive Republican nominee for United States president Donald Trump and presumptive Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton showing a dislike for both candidates, it is going to get interesting over the next few months. While leading third-party candidates Gary Johnson of the Libertarian Party and Jill Stein of the Green Party are not going to win the election, they could still heavily influence who ultimately wins.
[Photo by John Sommers II/Getty Images]
NEW YORK (Reuters) - New Jersey on Thursday unveiled reforms to crack down on steroid abuse by police, including random drug testing.
The new rules follow lawsuits claiming excessive force by officers in the throes of steroid rage filed against New Jersey police, according to a report released by New Jersey Attorney General Paula Dow.
The report was the result of a six-month investigation into allegations that a doctor illegally supplied police and firefighters with anabolic steroids, human growth hormones and other muscle-building drugs. Dr. Joseph Colao, now deceased, may have illegally prescribed steroids to 248 public safety officials, mostly police and firefighters, the report concluded.
“It is important that we strengthen oversight, regulation and investigation in order to discourage the improper use of steroids throughout New Jersey's law enforcement community and ensure the public's confidence,” Dow said in a statement.
Her recommended reforms include allowing police departments to randomly test officers if there is a “reasonable suspicion” they are abusing steroids, investigating doctors who improperly prescribe them and adding more oversight to the officers' state-funded prescription drug plans.
The attorney general's recommendations come at the same time that the New Jersey legislature is considering three bills aimed at eliminating steroid abuse by police.
New Jersey may be the first state to propose laws aimed at curbing steroid use among policeman, the National Council of State Legislatures said earlier this year. Most states are concentrating on steroid use among athletes.
Deputy Speaker of the House John McKeon said steroid abuse is a national problem because there are several cases of doctors tricking police into thinking they need steroids and other types of growth hormones.
“They're charlatans trying to tell them they need anti-aging medicine,” McKeon said. “In reality, only about one in 100,000 people are appropriately prescribed these things.”
New Jersey's Police Benevolent Association, one of the state's largest police unions, told Reuters it supports the random drug testing.
“We're supportive of testing because we don't want anything illegally prescribed in the hands of any law enforcement officer,” PBA spokesman Jim Ryan said.
Ryan said the PBA's concern is the rising cost associated with the random tests. A standard drug test for an officer costs a police department roughly $35 and the new steroid test would cost $250. Police departments are already dealing with tough budget cuts and the new measure is an additional burden that could lead to layoffs, he said.
McKeon noted the random drug testing is not mandatory as local police departments reserve the right to not implement it if they cannot afford it.
A new and improved PCB spiral Teslacoil. This Teslacoil has etched windings on a print circuit board. It has a USB interface which also powers the coil. The resonance frequency is about 4MHz. It has a turns ratio of 1:160 with 6mil tracks for the secondary. The total trace length of the secondary is 25m.
What most Tesla coils have in common is that they are quite big and dangerous. You do not just put them on your desk to play with. There is a lot of energy in these devices, so the chance of a shock or burn is present. To make a (relatively) harmless Teslacoil the most important point is: limit the energy!
Downloads:
Firmware (special thanks to Jorrit Zuiker)
Schematic (only non-commercial use)
The design has been published in Elektor magazine nov/dec 2017 and made available as a construction kit. Read the article at: www.elektormagazine.com/160498
Sneak preview:
The same circuit can also be used with a traditional Teslacoil structure with a vertical coil and toroid. This is the perfect high voltage gadget. This kit will soon be offered by Elektor magazine. Keep an eye on the site.
DisclaimerFor liability it is important to state that the use of this circuit is at your own risk. Only connect the PCB to an AC adapter and not to a PC or other device. Also, do not hold any sensitive electronics against / near the discharges.
Original article in dutch, translation by me and Google Translate.
The Obama campaign's newest television ad: a two-minute spot set to air in five states highlighting Mitt Romney's record of vulture capitalism and job destruction at Bain Capital:
Stylistically, the ad delivers a harsh attack with a soft touch. Gentle music plays throughout as former workers as GST Steel, an enterprise looted by Romney while he was at Bain Capital, talk about the impact his business tactics had on their lives and livelihood. The ad isn't anti-business, though critics will surely describe it as such. Rather, it argues that Romney's approach to business was uniquely destructive to the American economy, making the case that Romney sucked wealth from GST Steel until it was bone dry, lining his pockets at the expense of the workers who helped build the company.
It is part of a larger push by the Obama campaign to focus attention on Romney's track record at Bain. Along with the ad, the campaign has launched a website, romneyeconomics.com, and a longer six-minute video featuring extended commentary from the former GST steelworkers in the ad.
The website goes beyond the ad, highlighting Stage Stores and Dade Behring in addition to GST Steel, and places more emphasis on describing Romney's business model and track record of buying companies, loading them up with debt, and then quickly cashing out before they collapsed into bankruptcy. The website also talks about how Romney's model allowed him to make millions from taxpayers by effectively raiding funds which were subsequently bailed out by the federal government.
Although it's early, this will be a big moment in the campaign. Romney has made his record at Bain the centerpiece of his presidential campaign—he almost never mentions his record as governor of Massachusetts. He didn't even mention it during his big speech after becoming the presumptive G.O.P. nominee, presumably because his job creation record there was abysmal. Given that Romney's entire rationale is rooted in his Bain record, it's hard to imagine him letting this attack go unchallenged. On the other hand, the last time he had to deal with Bain—when Newt Gingrich used it before the South Carolina primary—Romney's response was so hamfisted that he arguably made things worse, and Newt scored a blowout victory. So assuming Romney does respond, one thing's pretty clear: he needs a new story about Bain, and he needs it fast.
Sorry for being at it again, but I couldn't resist. I am ruining yet another '90s classic for you. We're rewinding Hum Aapke Hain Koun. Believe it or not, there is a little bit of script in this wedding song compilation. Hum Aapke Hain Koun (a musical) is the tragic true story of a dog called Tuffy, who just couldn't take this shit anymore. Today is the film's 21st anniversary.
Rajshri Productions / Imaan Sheikh
The film opens with a bunch of people playing cricket. Now for slower viewers, like yours truly, the makers of this film have been kind enough to label everything. Images and sounds are not enough for me to grasp these things.
Rajshri Productions / Imaan Sheikh
Thank god they told me that was a "boy" under that hat. I was kind of sure it was a refrigerator until the close-up. Anyway, this scene is an excuse to meet our guy Prem (Salman Khan), who is one enthu, merry little bugger.
Rajshri Productions / Imaan Sheikh
Prem is an orphan. He and his brother Rajesh have both lived with their uncle Kailashnath (Alok Nath) since they were kids. Better known as Samurai Sanskaar or Cap'n Kanyadaan, Kailashnath has never married. That's slightly odd for a guy who cannot wait to marry off anyone he can get his hands on.
Rajshri Productions / Imaan Sheikh
Kailashnath wants a sundar susheel sanskaari girl for Rajesh. His friend's daughter is exactly that. She lives in another city so the guys decide to go there, but Uncle and Prem don't tell Rajesh the reason for going. Cheeky fellows.
Rajshri Productions / Imaan Sheikh
On that note, we are taken to the other city and we meet our heroine, the sister of aforementioned rishta girl, Nisha (Madhuri Dixit). She's the bee's knees with skates on!
Rajshri Productions / Imaan Sheikh
She's put in charge of the local library for a while and that's when she meets Prem. This is the start of many cliché cutesy Bolly couple fights, better known as nok-jhok.
Rajshri Productions / Imaan Sheikh
The families both love each other and a lot of harassment later, Rajesh and Pooja (Nisha's sister) get engaged, soon to tie the knot.
Rajshri Productions / Imaan Sheikh
Among the guests in the shaadi ghar are Kailashnath's friend's family. The daughter (remember Bum Chums?) tries really hard to impress Prem. Now I like her for the nostalgia value because she bears a striking resemblance to the Goombas from Super Mario Bros. However, I would respect her more if she were good at Goomba business (serving as an obstacle). But she isn't.
Rajshri Productions / Imaan Sheikh
Seriously, what the fuck is that hair? On the other hand, Prem and Nisha's romance is just beginning to bloom. During the wedding, Prem gives her a tour of Rajesh Bhaiyya's best paintings (oh yeah, he's a painter). They bond over chocolate and art.
Rajshri Productions / Imaan Sheikh
Of course, no shaadi functions are complete without awkward moments created by borderline psychotic killer brown uncles. Anupam Kher (the samdhi) randomly announces that Kailashnath had a massive crush on his wife back in school, and even orders him to sing for her smile. You know, because that's the graceful thing to do. #shadychachu
Rajshri Productions / Imaan Sheikh
There's a song where everyone kisses Samdhan Ji's ass and lots of classic Bollywood aunty banter happens.
Tap to play GIF Tap to play GIF Rajshri Productions / Imaan Sheikh
And after enough tomfoolery, the wedding day arrives. #LetsGetSad
Rajshri Productions / Imaan Sheikh
It is time for the most pointlessly important shaadi tradition — joota chhupaai (hiding the grooms shoes for cash). Prem and his servant Lallu Prasad hide the groom's shoes in box, leaving Tuffy to guard it. This is not a particularly wise move because would you fuck look at Tuffy? He is no Rottweiler. He's a tiny ass toy dog with the physical strength of a snowflake. Of course, the box is stolen and hidden by the ladkiwalas.
Rajshri Productions / Imaan Sheikh
Here's something for your vocabulary: Songotiation (noun): A serious Indian negotiation style whereby the negotiation takes place in a song. Nisha gets the joota money after ~songotiating~ with Prem. They have an intense moment in Nisha's room while fighting to get their hands on the shoes. I wouldn't blame anyone for intense moments in Nisha's room and here's why. She has larger than life portraits of herself having an ice-cream cone all over the walls. That shit is enough to startle and distract anybody.
Rajshri Productions / Imaan Sheikh
They fall in love, of course. Oh, where are my manners! This was someone else's wedding, so let's not take the limelight away from Count von Count of Sesame Street, who just got himself a wife.
Rajshri Productions / Imaan Sheikh
"Say it with me, kids, ONE wife! Today's programme is brought to you by the number ONE! Hah hah!" Things happen rather fast – in one song. They play lots of cricket (with like 50 kids, no idea whose kids they are). Oh, and I won't even attempt to take into account that everyone's hair length fluctuates like crazy. Pooja Bhabhi's short hair grows way past the back of her knees, in like months. Bhabhi gets preggers and they break the news to Rajesh by pointing at a poster with an infant's picture on it. Don't know how normal it is to have a massive poster of a baby you don't even know in your bedroom.
Rajshri Productions / Imaan Sheikh
Well. Hope you guys are TMNT fans because that looks like fuckin' Krang from Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles.
Rajshri Productions / Imaan Sheikh
Nisha comes over for the baby shower, because the rest of the family has trouble giving enough of a shit. Prem goes to pick her up and their romance is in full bloom now. They're in the perfect romance setting: – Flowers. – A vehicle that screams "I was homeschooled". – An animal that hates being a part of this.
Rajshri Productions / Imaan Sheikh
Not so "TUFF" against Bollywood, are you, Tuffy? Do you understand your role?
Tap to play GIF Tap to play GIF Rajshri Productions / Imaan Sheikh
Anyway, Nisha comes over, the baby shower happens, and that part of the song we all love happens.
Tap to play GIF Tap to play GIF Rajshri Productions / Imaan Sheikh Didi tera devar sexual predator, amirite?
Soon, Rajesh leaves for "foreign" because "foreign" sends him a fax about work or something. Yup, that's what they call any other country besides India. "Foreign" could be anything, from Bahrain to Australia. He leaves with a heavy heart because the baby is due any day now. But the amount of fucks given about babies in this movie is clear from the fact that Pooja Bhabhi's own parents never came for the bridal shower. Meanwhile, Prem and Nisha are bonding the way most normal couples bond — by doing fucking pirouettes in the middle of the night together. #BalletBallet #ShawaShawa
Tap to play GIF Tap to play GIF Rajshri Productions / Imaan Sheikh
A few days later, a baby boy is born.
Rajshri Productions / Imaan Sheikh
Everyone's excited! There are baby things everywhere. Toys galore!
Tap to play GIF Tap to play GIF Rajshri Productions / Imaan Sheikh
Things are worrying me a little at this point because there are all these rishtedaars who never leave. They've been living with the family since the wedding. Or they visit too often. And everyone is always dancing and dressed up. Nisha's always wearing these gold jhumkas the size of a dinner roll. And why is no one worried about going to work or paying the bills? I get that they're rich but these people are abnormally happy. IT IS NOT NORMAL TO BE DOING THIS ALL NIGHT WITHOUT HAVING CONSUMED AN UNHEALTHY AMOUNT OF ALCOHOL:
Rajshri Productions / Imaan Sheikh
Prem drives Pooja Bhabhi to her mum's house and tells her that he's in love with Nisha. She acts very surprised which makes me kind of want to slap her because they were hitting on each other like teenagers for months and no one noticed. Everyone is happy and dancing again. Especially our little Tuffles!
Tap to play GIF Tap to play GIF Rajshri Productions / Imaan Sheikh
Aaaaaand I jinx everything because (FINALLY!) something goes wrong. Pooja Bhabhi takes a tumble down the stairs. She's in the hospital, unable to speak, but she points her finger towards Nisha and Prem.
Rajshri Productions / Imaan Sheikh
Rajshri Productions / Imaan Sheikh
The family discusses the prospect of Rajesh and Nisha's marriage. A small misunderstanding happens and Nisha is screwed sideways.
Rajshri Productions / Imaan Sheikh
Meanwhile, scientists declare Prem the largest invertebrate of the animal kingdom because he is the most spineless boyfriend to have ever existed. He's cool with Bhaiyya and Nisha's marriage because bros before hoes. He would never take this away from Rajesh.
Rajshri Productions / Imaan Sheikh
Wedding invitations have been printed, Nisha's gotten her henna done and not ONE soul has mentioned that she's getting married to Rajesh. Only when she asks a friend to read out the wedding card does she realise she's getting married to Count von Count and not Aladdin.
Rajshri Productions / Imaan Sheikh
Nisha decides to sacrifice her love in the best interest of the family. Although, technically, no matter which brother she'd marry, she'd be in the house and be able to bring up the baby (who is the sole reason for this shit). On her wedding day, she writes a letter to Prem and gets the necklace her sister gave to Prem and herself when they were a couple. She wraps these things in a handkerchief. Aaaannndddd she asks Tuffy to deliver it to Prem. Yup.
Rajshri Productions / Imaan Sheikh
And what does Tuffy do? You guessed it — deliver it to the wrongest person possible. Rajshri Productions / Imaan Sheikh
Raj finds out and does the right thing because LOL can you imagine an alternate ending? Prem and Nisha get married!
Rajshri Productions / Imaan Sheikh
Moral of the story: Children are a mistake – dogs are where the party's at. <3
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Many protesters see voting in Mexico's election as pointless, says the BBC's Katy Watson
There has been further violence around Mexico as the country prepares for this weekend's mid-term elections.
A radical teachers' union attacked the offices of five political parties in Chiapas state in the south of the country.
Meanwhile in Guerrero state, explosive devices were thrown into a conservative party's office.
A number of candidates and numerous campaign workers have also been killed in drug-related violence.
On Sunday, Mexican voters will choose Congressmen, governors and mayors.
Image copyright AFP Image caption Teachers in Guerrero state have vowed to block voting on Sunday demanding better pay and a suspension of new education reforms.
Image copyright AFP Image caption Graffiti outside offices of the ruling Institutional Revolutionary Party (PRI) in Chiapas state reads "Assassins - there are 43 missing" , referring to the students who disappeared in Guerrero state last year.
Correspondents say it has been some of the worst political violence in Mexico's history.
The biggest concerns for electoral officers have been Guerrero and Oaxaca, where tens of thousands of ballots were burnt by protesters.
They took furniture and papers from the ruling PRI party offices in the city of Oaxaca and burnt them outside.
Others set fire to political pamphlets in front of PRI headquarters in Guerrero.
Image copyright AFP Image caption Teacher training students from Guerrero protested near the Secretary of the Interior building in Mexico city
Despite the unrest, electoral officials say the elections will go ahead on Sunday.
It is the first major test for President Enrique Pena Nieto who has been trying to fulfil his 2012 election promise to bring peace to Mexico after years of drug cartel violence.
Opinion polls show his Institutional Revolutionary Party (PRI) and its allies are expected to retain their majority in Congress despite concerns over their track record on security.
This year, millions of Mexicans held marches across the country for months to protest against the government's response to the disappearance of 43 student teachers in the town of Iguala in Guerrero state last year.
LeakedSource, a website dedicated to informing the public about data breaches, has gone offline and it has been 24 hours now since it is down. Speculations are rife that the website has become the target of a raid from law enforcement for being a controversial platform of breach notification. The assumption comes from the message posted on Pastebin by a user. The message read:
“LeakedSource is down forever and won't be coming back. Owner raided early this morning. Wasn't arrested, but all SSD's got taken, and LeakedSource servers got subpoenaed and placed under federal investigation. If somehow he recovers from this and launches LS again, then I'll be wrong. But I am not wrong.”
If this is true, then most likely the US law enforcement authorities are responsible for the raid.
It is indeed true that LeakedSource is a rather controversial website for some since it garnered criticism and to some extent resentment from many companies that wanted to keep the information about data breaches confidential. Until now the site has highlighted a number of data breaches including Last.fm, FriendFinder Networks, LinkedIn, VerticalScope, Rambler and DailyMotion.
It is worth noting that 2016 has been quite a difficult year for organizations and users alike since the year showcased a record-breaking number of data breaches and around 4.2 billion records got exposed. Since then, the website has been sticking out like a sore thumb for those affected by the breaches the most.
Since 10th January, the Twitter account of LeakedSource has remained inactive and on various occasions, LeakedSource users have complained about the website being unresponsive or offline. The same seems to be the case in this scenario as well but this time users are speculating that the site may never come back online. Users are naturally irritated as some of the site's users claimed on hacker forums that they recently bought LeakedSource subscription.
The threat from law enforcement raiding and taking down such websites always lingers on to those running them. So, does this mean, the law enforcement will raid every breach notification website? Probably not, says Troy Hunt, owner of another breach notification website Have I Been Pwned (HIBP), in his latest blog post.
Hunt noted: “LeakedSource provided sensitive personal information obtained from data breaches to anyone willing to pay for it. It was a service that occasionally popped up in news stories and recently appeared on Wired. I've been asked for my views on the service in the past and how I felt about them providing passwords to people who didn't own them. If I'm honest, it's not something I gave much thought too… until someone sent me my personal data.”
Australian security expert Troy Hunt claims that the difference between his service and LeakedSource is that his site is never used for nefarious purposes while the same cannot be said about LeakedSource. The reason is the presence of sensitive information on the website in large proportions. Allegedly, the site's databases stored 3.1bn accounts, and all those users who bought subscription could access to these accounts. They could easily access important, private data such as usernames, cleartext and hashed passwords, IP addresses and email IDs. This made the site vulnerable to exploitations from malicious threat actors.
He further stated that HIBP has been running successfully for the past three years and he has also been making changes to address the changing sentiments of the public and the variations in the ‘data breach landscape.'
“For example, when news of the Ashley Madison data breach hit, I elected to build out functionality to keep data from “sensitive” breaches beyond the reach of anyone who doesn't own the email address impacted by the incident (or the domain it sits on). At the time, that took a lot of thought, but in retrospect the conclusion was simple: the data could cause serious harm to people so let's make sure that can't happen.”
[fullsquaread][/fullsquaread]
Hunt explains that LeakedSource wasn't appropriately protected either. The site was operating via CloudFlare and services like CrimeFlare made it an easy task for the law enforcement to obtain the real IP address of the site. Hunt notes that no matter who is responsible for the closure of LeakedSource and whether it has been closed or not, the incident presents an opportunity to reconsider the ethics of handling private data.
Presumptive president Rodrigo Duterte. File Photo
Presumptive president Rodrigo Duterte said he will never allow recreational marijuana, but he is open to the use marijuana for medical purposes.
Speaking to reporters Monday night, Duterte said there are now medicines that have marijuana as a component.
"Medicinal marijuana, yes, because it is really an ingredient of modern medicine now. There are medicines right now being developed or already in the market that contains marijuana as a component but used for medical purposes," he said.
Duterte, however, was firm on saying that those who will be caught using marijuana for recreational purposes will be punished, as provided by law.
"Pero 'yung maghithit ka lang diyan, parang sigarilyo, I will not allow it ever because I have seen so many of my classmates even noon...," he said.
"It remains to be a prohibited item and there's always a threat of being arrested, or if you choose to fight the law enforcement agency, you die," Duterte added.
READ: Duterte to take drugs war down to barangay level
Isabela Rep. Rodolfo Albano III in 2014 filed House Bill No. 04477 (Compassionate Use of Medical Cannabis Act), which aims to legalize the use of marijuana for medical purposes.
In 2015, the head of the Catholic Bishops' Conference of the Philippines (CBCP) said the Church supports the use of prohibited drugs and narcotics, such as marijuana, for the terminally ill.
Doctors, on the other hand, are opposing the bill, adding that experts have yet to confirm the efficacy of medical marijuana.
Possession of at least 10 grams of marijuana resin or marijuana resin oil, or at least 500 grams of marijuana is punishable with life imprisonment and a fine ranging from P500,000 to P10 million, as stipulated in the Dangerous Drugs Act of 2002.
Is Agent Melinda May looking at a career change in Marvel's Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D. Season 3? Actress Ming-Na Wen is hinting at as much. It seems that, after the Hydra reveal of Season 1 and the introduction of the Inhumans in Season 2, May isn't entirely sure that her heart is with S.H.I.E.L.D. any longer.
"In any situation when someone is so devoted to their work as May was, but then realizing over the last two years that S.H.I.E.L.D. isn't really what she dedicated her life to," Wen tells TVGuide.com. "That there was definitely a lot of corruption to S.H.I.E.L.D., as well as uncertainty now with the Inhumans being brought in by Coulson. It's going to be figuring out her final decision in Season 3 and I think Andrew will probably play a part in it."
The events of Season 2 brought May and her estranged husband, Andrew Garner (Blair Underwood), back together. Ironically, this also brought Garner back to S.H.I.E.L.D., an organization he had left on poor terms.
"What's interesting is now May is disgruntled by S.H.I.E.L.D., but last season when May came to Andrew with the idea of coming back to S.H.I.E.L.D., he was disgruntled and had left the agency," Underwood says. "But now he's back working with them and the Inhumans."
Iraq and the sarin gas of spin: An extraordinary eyewitness account of the regiments of spin doctors sent to Baghdad
In the pre-dawn darkness of an April morning in 2003 an American C-130 Hercules transporter made a forced zig-zag descent through a potentially hostile sky and came to a screeching halt in an arc of armoured vehicles at Baghdad international airport.
On board – as well as me – was a human cargo of the first civilian administrators in post-Saddam Iraq led by Jay Garner, a retired US Army General.
It was nine days after a statue of Saddam Hussein had been pulled down in Firdos Square, an event staged for the cameras at the nearby international media village.
Looking around in the gloom of the Hercules's hold I noted about 50 officials from the Office of Reconstruction and Humanitarian Affairs (ORHA) and realised that a disproportionate number were spin doctors – not specialists in relief, reconstruction and sustainable development.
Front Line: Stephen Claypole with a young local boy in front of a tank in Iraq
They were not going to do much to overhaul Iraq's creaking power stations. But the reality was that they were in control.
There was Larry Di Rita, one of the right-hand men of US Secretary of Defence Donald Rumsfeld and later Pentagon chief spokesman; Margaret Tutwiler, a former State Department spokesman and Republican campaigner who helped to end the 2000 Florida recount impasse in George W. Bush's favour; Dan Senor, a former White House assistant Press secretary; Emily Hands, a Downing Street Press officer; and Charles Heatly, a young Arabic-speaking British diplomat who was acting as a pair of eyes and ears for the Foreign and Commonwealth Office (FCO).
Forget the oxygen of publicity. This was about the sarin gas of spin and ‘information operations'. It came to me that just as the Spanish-American War in 1898 had been a newspaper proprietors' war, the invasion of Iraq was a spin doctors' war.
Last week, the Chilcot Inquiry began and already there have been revelations about the way the decision to go to war was made. But I also think the way the war itself was presented from Baghdad should be an essential part of the inquiry's brief.
Just a few weeks before I landed in Baghdad, I had been hiking across the South Downs near Brighton when Tim Cross, a British Major-General, came through on my mobile.
He was a deputy to Jay Garner and an outstanding specialist in relief operations. ‘We are worried about the “media piece” [a military term for media relations] at ORHA,' said Maj-Gen Cross. ‘Can you drop everything and join us?'
Within a few days I had become a sub-contractor to a Pentagon contractor, a huge defence and technology company called SAIC – known in Washington for its agility in winning large government contracts.
I was assigned to the Iraqi Media Network whose mission was to set up TV and radio channels and a newspaper.
To begin with, I was asked to help out on what the Americans call ‘public affairs'. The ‘media piece' was in a poor state.
Jay Garner, a fine but limited American who got more things right than his brainy successor Paul Bremer, had been given no training in making TV appearances. The Pentagon was already micro-managing him to oblivion.
Several other people were sent urgently to help out with the ‘media piece' and in a few days I was shunted to one side by the contingent from the White House, the Pentagon, No10 and the FCO.
ORHA was already doomed before it arrived in Saddam's foul-smelling Republican Palace in Baghdad – later the epicentre of the Green Zone – where black rats and sand fleas outnumbered the civilian administrators.
Apart from a reasonably effective non-governmental organisation (NGO) clearance centre and a contingent of US Army Corps of Engineers, there was not much to put behind the reconstruction effort.
Drifting around the vast Republican Palace with its marble walls and kitsch chandeliers, I saw and heard a lot of things.
The most revealing of all were the Secret Video Teleconferences (SIVITS) where Donald Rumsfeld with his popping eyes, Paul Wolfowitz, the author of the Iraq Strategy, and occasionally George W. Bush appeared on large screens to lower the morale of ORHA staff.
I did not have security clearance to sit in on these conferences – but in a large echoing palace with few doors nothing remained secret for long. For some weeks Washington was convinced that it could spin its way out of its abject failure to tackle the issue of nation-building.
The SIVITS often returned to this theme. Jay Garner was accused – not to his face – of failing to relate to the Iraqi people. This was a bit difficult given that the US Forces had knocked down virtually every TV and radio transmitter in the country.
In one SIVIT a giant brain at the Pentagon suggested that former New York Mayor Rudy Giuliani should become the temporary Mayor of Baghdad. Another wondered whether Florida-style garbage collection could be brought to the streets of Baghdad.
On the British side, nobody appeared to be firmly in charge in London. Alastair Campbell seemed to be the most frequent caller, speaking from time to time with Tim Cross, Jay Garner and Emily Hands.
The FCO was, I think, holding itself back like the cavalry until No10 really needed it.
As things drifted, there was talk of the British taking on half the oversight roles at the Iraqi ministries. That quickly ended when John Sawers, the former No10 foreign policy adviser, arrived.
I shared a stale croissant or two with him in the mess hall at the Republican Palace and it was clear that the UK was on the way out of Iraq as soon as it could be achieved.
Sawers are very discreet, as you would expect of a future head of MI6, but his body language showed that he was truly appalled at what was going on in Baghdad.
Six years on I still agonise, like many others, about how our country got into Iraq without robust contingency plans for the aftermath of the invasion and a clear exit strategy.
Earlier this year, I offered myself as a witness to the Chilcot Inquiry. I thought I might be able to contribute significant insights into what went wrong with Tony Blair's Iraq adventure.
Although a relatively minor player, I am one of the few people in the UK who has not rehearsed his/her evidence over and over again in the four previous Iraq inquiries, engaged in Civil Service backside covering, finger pointing, memoirs, off-the-record briefings, academic discussions and the other by-products of spin.
I got a snotty reply from the Iraq Inquiry in July, ending: ‘Please note that it will be at the discretion of the Inquiry as to whom they invite as witnesses and the Inquiry team will contact you in due course if they wish to do so.
I hope you find this useful.' No!
Nevertheless, I hope that Chilcot manages to unearth the truth about Iraq. It was a spin doctors' invasion, but the bombs and the bullets were real.
Now the voices of the dead – brave soldiers and civilians – cry out to be heard.
* Stephen Claypole is an international broadcasting consultant and former head of newsgathering at BBC News, who has worked for Reuters and The Associated Press.
What can I say that hasn't already been said about today?
Yesterday evening, I was sitting in my living room working while watching my sons play. I began to think about what my life would have been without them. How different I would be. How their lives have already made this world a different place since they were born. How much I would hurt if I had chosen abortion.
Then, I thought of the more than 55,000,000 lives that have been taken in the U.S. since 1973, and I became overwhelmed at the tragedy. Tragedy for the babies, their mothers, their fathers, families, and us.
Who is our nation missing? What price is our society paying for the ultimate deceit of abortion?
40 years ago today, seven men on the Supreme Court decided in favor of a case presented to them from a 27 year-old, unknown, post-abortive lawyer, Sarah Weddington. That case was Roe v. Wade and, along with its companion Doe v. Bolton, it legalized abortion in all 9 months of pregnancy, for any reason, in the United States.
Today, this 27 year-old is writing to you as a survivor of that decision. The undeniable fact is that nearly a third of my generation is missing. We are missing brothers, sisters, cousins, friends, husbands and wives.
You see, Miss Weddington's generation got it wrong. In attempting to correct gender inequality in the workplace and in our society, they set into motion the ultimate act of discrimination – abortion. Instead of glorifying motherhood, they pitted the mother against her child, creating an endless cycle of selfishness, pain, and deceit.
But this generation is determined to set it right. We've seen the ultrasounds of our siblings, googled “abortion” and seen the bloody images, and sat with a friend as she cried about her abortion. This youth generation is the most pro-life generation of young people since 1973; we're even more pro-life than even our parents' generation. And this week our presence will be known as this generation will be the predominant participants in Wednesday's March for Life in Washington, D.C. and pro-life rallies across the nation.
This week, we will be proudly carrying our “I am the Pro-Life Generation” signs, and Planned Parenthood and the abortion industry will watch their target audience slip away.
In fact, we already have. When Nancy Keenan, the former president of NARAL/Pro-Choice America, announced her resignation last year, she cited the lack of young pro-abortion leaders as the reason she wanted to step down. This month's Time magazine headline story dealt with the same problem, claiming that the pro-abortion movement has been losing since 1973.
And last week's new Planned Parenthood video and talking points on abortion confirm this fact. They don't want to use the term “pro-choice” anymore because it's too negatively associated with abortion. You see, they know when abortion is mentioned, their favorability falls. Their goal? Never bring it up.
So, what should be our goal? To bring up abortion in every conversation we can – in church, the grocery store, at school, and at the neighborhood party. To never forget about abortion, no matter how busy our lives may get or how sad or immobilized we become by this immense, overwhelming tragedy.
Friend, it's time to rise up. Rise up off of your couch, out of your dorm room, or pew. Rise up and dedicate your life to something bigger than yourself.
CLICK LIKE IF YOU'RE PRO-LIFE!
It is the time for us to tell our stories to our friends and family about how abortion has hurt us. It's time to paint the vision by telling people what our nation will look like without abortion and how it's possible. It's time to seek real justice with those young women and men facing unplanned, crisis pregnancies. It's time to shine the light of truth, to expose Planned Parenthood and the abortion industry for what they really are.
It's the time to stand courageously for Life.
Friends, I believe this generation of survivors will see abortion abolished in our lifetime. But it won't be easy.
“Never give up, for that is just the place and time that the tide will turn.” – Harriet Beecher Stowe
I hope today, on this day of overwhelming sorrow, you will join us. There's so much you can do.
LifeNews Note: Kristan Hawkins is the president of Students for Life of America and a LifeNews blogger.
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The White House announced two changes to federal gun rules on Thursday to help keep weapons from criminals, but said it still wants to push Congress to pass new gun control measures in the wake of the horrific school shooting in Newtown, Connecticut, last year.
A pink assault rifle hangs among others at an exhibit booth at the George R. Brown convention center, the site for the National Rifle Association's (NRA) annual meeting in Houston, Texas May 5, 2013. REUTERS/Adrees Latif
The Justice Department will write a regulation requiring background checks for people who register machine guns or short-barreled shotguns through a trust or corporation, closing one loophole on background checks.
The administration also will stop allowing imports of surplus military firearms that the government has provided or sold overseas.
President Barack Obama made tougher gun laws a top priority after a gunman killed 20 children and six adults at Newtown's Sandy Hook Elementary School in December.
But Congress rejected proposals to restrict certain types of guns and close loopholes in background record checks of gun buyers after gun rights lobbying groups said the measures would infringe on constitutional rights.
Vice President Joe Biden told reporters that he and Obama still hope to push Congress to pass the comprehensive changes.
“If Congress doesn't act, we'll fight for a new Congress. It's that simple,” Biden said at a White House ceremony to swear in Todd Jones, the new director of the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives (ATF).
In the meantime, Biden said the administration will take executive actions that don't require congressional approval.
Under U.S. law, machine guns and short-barreled shotguns must be registered, and buyers must be fingerprinted and pass a background check, unless the gun is registered to a trust or corporation.
Last year, the ATF received more than 39,000 request to transfer the restricted guns to trusts or corporations.
“It's a very artful dodge to get around for people who are not capable legally of owning weapons to be able to gain access,” Biden said.
The second change will effectively ban the re-import of military firearms that the United States has sold or provided in overseas aid.
Since 2005, the government has approved the re-import of more than 250,000 surplus military weapons, Biden said.
“We're ending the practice of allowing counties to send back to the United States these military weapons to private citizens,” he told reporters.
Poll a sampling of hockey fans, Family Feud-style, about the most obnoxious song they're likely to hear at a Chicago Blackhawks home game, and the number one answer is probably going to be "Chelsea Dagger". The track, from one-hit wonder The Fratellis, accompanies every Blackhawks goal, and since we aren't exactly talking about a Dave Tippett team here, you hear it a lot.
But some hockey fans will point to a different, and perhaps more off-putting tune: David Rose's "The Stripper", one of those pieces of instrumental music you've heard time and time again, likely without ever knowing what it was called, like Sweet Georgia Brown, Spanish Flea, or Entry of the Gladiators. The song, which is aptly named, since it's intended to invoke the music to which old-timey burlesque artists strip, has been known to play when an attractive woman is "randomly" selected for the Blackhawks' popular second intermission game of "shoot the puck".
As Mark Lazerus noted, it's embarrassing:
Scroll to continue with content Ad
#Blackhawks organist still playing "The Stripper" when the requisite attractive woman shoots during Shoot The Puck. #Facepalm — Mark Lazerus (@MarkLazerus) April 10, 2014
This has been going on for decades, which is amazing when you consider the progress the Blackhawks, and society as a whole, have made in recent years. A lot has changed, such as the acceptability of this practice.
It's given "Shoot the puck", which should be little more than a lark to pass the time between periods, a controversial air.
Story continues
As noted by Hockee Night, the intermission entertainment has featured the same predictable rotation for pretty much ever: a kid shoots, then a pretty girl in heels suspected by many to be a plant, then a male fan, then a celebrity. There's no music for the male fan and the kid. But the moment the pretty girl hits the ice, Frank Pellico plays "The Stripper" on the organ -- you know, because people want to see her without clothes -- and the audience begins to hoot and/or holler.
Suffice it to say, many hockey fans find this troubling. There are appropriate times to play "The Stripper" (such as when Ravishing Rick Rude is making his way down to the ring for a match), but "shoot the puck" isn't one of them.
It seems downright odd to be plucking a woman fan from the audience (or bringing her in from elsewhere) just to be disrespected and sexualized. It sort of implies that female hockey fans, who pay the same price of admission at the United Center, are second-class citizens there.
Fans are sick of it, and they're beginning to make some noise.
In July, at Blackhawks convention, a fan named Casey set out to ask Blackhawks management about the sexism in "Shoot the Puck" directly:
Gonna go ask some pointed questions about ice girls and shoot the puck girls, if anyone wants to come be my backup. Wheeeee. — Casey (@Raedances) July 19, 2014
And she did. The scene, as described by Hockey Brunch:
By all accounts, management got a little ruffled by this. Everyone on the dais took a nervous swig of water, the sort that says "Hoo-boy, we've got no good answer to this one," before providing a solid non-answer, that the concern was appreciated and they would be careful about their practices going forward. In the context of the softball-lobbing the Blackhawks Convention's Q-and-A sessions are supposed to be, the fleeting moment of discomfort could, and should, be viewed as a major win. Maybe things will be different between the whistles for the 2014-15 season, though they probably won't, because getting rid of things like this always takes longer than it probably should. But the question is out now in a fairly public forum, and it appears to be gaining traction.
It is. Inspired by this, on August 7, #banthestripper began trending on Twitter in the Chicago area, and just recently, the 3 Hawks Goals petition sprang up. Their mission:
We want the Hawks to lead the NHL in providing a fan-friendly environment for ALL fans, including women and kids. We have three simple goals for them:
1) Fix Shoot the Puck. Make the contestant choices truly random, and stop playing the song “The Stripper” when a woman shoots.
2) Give the whole ice crew (men and women) the same outfit, namely pants and a jacket.
3) Have 1-2 women moderators at the 2015 Blackhawks convention.
Women moderators. Imagine that!
The need for a few women to balance out the panels came up more than once during this year's Blackhawks convention. It wasn't just the awkward moment when management was asked about "The Stripper" -- there was also the player panel featuring Patrick Kane, Jonathan Toews and Brad Richards, and moderated by Mark Giangreco. As Kate Conway of Redeye Chicago notes, he upset a good portion of the audience when he drew a parallel between Jonathan Toews' Selke trophy and his girlfriend:
Giangreco, ABC7's sports anchor, seemed determined to make everyone involved feel as slimy as possible. When it came to discussing the NHL awards, for example, he didn't, say, discuss Toews' Selke nomination. Instead, he gave him kudos for the hotness of his girlfriend, comparing her to a trophy -- because nothing brings the LOLs like the literal objectification of women, am I right?
Thankfully, none of the players seemed inclined to play along with Giangreco's brand of douchery. And the audience wasn't too pleased, either. In the hours that followed, many fans took to Twitter or filled out surveys informing management that their star panel had nearly been ruined.
The Blackhawks organization has rebounded majorly in the Jonathan Toews/Patrick Kane era. But for many fans, they're still in the stone age when it comes to women. At Blackhawks Convention, they were pressed to "recognize the growing number of female fans". It might be time to start listening to them.
They could start by banning "The Stripper".
STUTTGART, Germany -- Rafael Nadal defeated Viktor Troicki 7-6 (3), 6-3 Sunday to win the Mercedes Cup for the third time and claim his first title on grass since Wimbledon in 2010.
Editor's Picks Bodo: Stuttgart victory perfect tonic for Nadal's woes Stuttgart might be a lowly ATP 250 event, but the harsh reality is that Rafael Nadal needed any victory he could get after his spring debacle.
The top-seeded Spaniard, who had no aces in his semifinal win over Gael Monfils, ended the first set tiebreaker with an ace -- his ninth. Nadal saved the only break point he faced.
Playing with evident confidence against the eighth-seeded Troicki, Nadal converted his first opportunity to go 3-1 up in the second set and he served out the win in 1 hour, 27 minutes.
"I'm really, really happy. It's my second win this year and it gives me a lot of confidence," said Nadal, after his 66th career title and fourth on grass.
Rafael Nadal won the Mercedes Cup for his fourth career grass-court title but first since 2010. Daniel Kopatsch/Bongarts/Getty Images
Nadal was made to work hard against Bernard Tomic and Marcos Baghdatis in the early rounds but improved as the tournament progressed and looks to be in good shape for Wimbledon.
"It was a great week for me," Nadal said.
The 14-time Grand Slam winner maintained his unbeaten record against Troicki with his fifth win over the 28th-ranked Serb.
Nadal previously won the tournament in 2005 and 2007 when it was still on clay. It made the switch to grass as a Wimbledon tune-up this year.
Carrie Fisher is looking forward to the new Star Wars film because she "can get Princess Leia right this time" and ditch the British accent.
The actress said her performance in the 1977 original had strange British overtones because she had just left drama school in London.
Speaking about the new film, the 57-year-old star joked that she was hoping to revisit the famous Princess Leia hairstyle - only this time in grey.
"We are doing it over again so I can get Princess Leia right this time. I think less British. I looked a little pretentious faking the accent," she told a packed house at the Hay Festival.
"I was 17 when I went to drama school so I dropped out at 19 to play Princess Leia, partly with a British accent. It was sort of a viral accent - it came and went.
"That hairdo can never really be repeated without gales of laughter. I've begged them to put the hair back on in grey and just catch me cooking with the hair, like Granny Leia."
Episode VII in the Star Wars franchise will also see the return of Harrison Ford and Mark Hamill, alongside new cast members including Max von Sydow and Adam Driver. It will be directed by JJ Abrams.
Fisher was asked what it was like to be back in a room with the old crew. "We all look a little melted. It's good to see other melted people," she joked.
"And it is good to have us all in a room because it's unique. I mean, I don't suppose they have reunions for the Gone With The Wind gang.
"I think people should be forced to do it 30 years on, classic films that they had, either to make another film or put together an anecdote."
Carrie Fisher with Mark Hamill, left, and Harrison Ford in Star Wars Episode IV (Alamy)
Details of the script are being kept strictly under wraps. When asked about the plot, Fisher replied: "I would get in trouble no matter how I answer that question. But they are very talented. They've got the writer Larry Kasdan, who wrote the Empire Strikes Back; I thought that was the best of the three that we did. He's back, and JJ Abrams is incredibly talented. So you do the math."
Fisher, daughter of Debbie Reynolds and Eddie Fisher, will live in Britain while the film is being made.
"I've told my mother to come over so she'll be able to spend evenings with Stephen Fry and Graham Norton," she said.
In an entertaining hour which spanned everything from Fisher's battles with drugs and mental illness to her acclaimed writing career, the questions kept coming back to Star Wars.
An audience member asked if she still has Princess Leia's gold bikini, stuff of a million male fantasies. "What's weird about that question is, how do you think I would have it? In order to keep it I would have had to sneak off the set wearing it," laughed Fisher.
"Why would I keep a stupid outfit like that, so that years later I could say to you I have it? No, I wear it on special occasions. I've got it on underneath this. I wear it always, for luck."
Who was the funniest of the Star Wars crew? "Me. But there wasn't a lot of competition. We were up against the Dark Side and that's not funny."
What was her favourite moment from the films? "I had a lot of fun killing Jabba the Hutt. They asked me on the day if I wanted to have a stunt double kill Jabba. No! That's the best time I ever had as an actor. And the only reason to go into acting is if you can kill a giant monster."
Of Princess Leia, she admitted: "I would rather have played Han Solo. When I first read the script I thought that's the part to be, always wry and sardonic. He's always that. I feel like a lot of the time Leia's either worried or p---ed or, thank God, sort of snarky. But I'm much more worried and p---ed than Han Solo ever was, and those aren't fun things to play."
She was also asked her opinions of the Star Wars prequels and gave what in Fisher's world, constitutes a diplomatic answer. "I didn't see them. I was very busy. I was in a mental hospital and they didn't show them in there."
Image caption Gen Bir was seen as an architect of the events of 1997
Turkish police have raided the homes of dozens of former military figures, in a fresh crackdown on the armed forces.
An arrest warrant has been issued for Retired Gen Cevik Bir, who played a key role in the fall of Necmettin Erbakan's government in 1997.
All the other military figures whose homes were searched were also in high positions at the time of what became known as the post-modern coup.
Earlier this month, two leaders of the 1980 coup went on trial in Ankara.
Gen Bir was deputy head of Turkey's army chiefs of staff when Mr Erbakan's Islamist Welfare Party was forced from power.
Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdoğan's ruling AK Party grew out of Welfare, which was banned by Turkey's Constitutional Court in 1998 on charges of undermining the secular political system. Mr Erbakan was barred from politics for five years and served a jail sentence.
Mr Erdoğan's government has spearheaded attempts to reduce the influence of the military in Turkish political life. The armed forces staged three coups in 1960, 1971 and 1980.
Last week, two elderly leaders of the 1980 coup were put on trial accused of overthrowing the civilian government. Gen Kenan Evren and Gen Tahsin Sahinkaya were the first Turkish officers to stand trial for staging a coup. Mr Erdoğan's party has applied to be a co-plaintiff in the case.
Turkish media say the latest investigation into what was in effect a bloodless coup in 1997 followed hundreds of legal complaints from across the country.
Germany's economy has been hit by falling demand for its exports
German unemployment rose in June, official figures have shown, but the increase was smaller than expected.
The number of people out of work reached 3.495 million on a seasonally adjusted basis, a rise of 31,000 on May's number, official figures showed.
Analysts had forecast a bigger rise of about 45,000. The jobless rate rose to 8.3% from 8.2% in May, the Federal Labour Office said.
On an unadjusted basis, unemployment fell by 48,000 from the previous month.
"[We] expect seasonally adjusted unemployment to rise throughout 2009 and 2010, with monthly increments most likely to pick up during the second half of 2009," said Timo Klein from Global Insight.
"Employment has generally not fallen quite as fast as unemployment has been increasing, as firms aim to hold onto their existing workforce wherever possible."
MIAMI — Those close to Hillary Clinton insist she chose Tim Kaine as her running mate because she knows she can work with him, because he's safe and solid, because he was the obvious choice.
It doesn't hurt that he also offers her a prime opportunity to contrast with Donald Trump — over and over and over.
Story Continued Below
“Sen. Tim Kaine is everything Donald Trump and Mike Pence are not,” Clinton said Saturday to the rapturous applause of over 5,000 Miamians at Florida International University, the first of many favorable comparisons she drew between Kaine and the GOP ticket. “While he was taking on housing discrimination and homelessness, Donald Trump was denying apartments.”
But the Kaine contrast campaign started hours before his name — long expected to be the last one left on the presumptive Democratic nominee's short list — was even printed on the new Clinton-Kaine banners displayed throughout the arena here.
Teasing that the VP announcement would likely come on Friday, but not saying exactly when, Clinton's campaign ensured that the political world watched closely throughout the day as she stormed through Orlando and Tampa on her first day of campaigning in Florida, which offers more electoral votes than any other swing state.
Shortly after a scowling, boisterous Trump appeared to be digging back into his own primary fight with Ted Cruz by resurfacing debunked claims that the Texas senator's father was somehow involved in the assassination of John F. Kennedy, Clinton solemnly met Friday with local leaders — including an imam — and families of victims of the Pulse nightclub shooting in Orlando, preaching tolerance and inclusion. She visited the makeshift memorial outside the club, speaking with first responders and laying down flowers. That night, as anticipation of the vice-presidential pick was at a high point, she delivered a stinging rebuke of Trump's convention to a crowd of 3,600 in Tampa, delivering images of a packed, energetic crowd to television screens across the country as viewers waited for the news.
Then, at long last, the second half of the one-two punch landed. It was official: She'd chosen the sunny former city councilman, mayor, governor, party chairman and current senator — the one who was vetted eight years ago, who has scores of former staffers working for Clinton already — as the one best positioned to bolster her central argument that Trump is fundamentally unprepared, and unfit, for the White House.
“Tim Kaine, in certain circles, is practically renowned for his optimism. I've heard him described as a happy warrior on more than one occasion, and I think that's an apt description,” said Democratic strategist Lynda Tran, a former top Kaine aide. “I don't think it's actually all that high of a bar to cross to present a more optimistic vision of the country than Donald Trump. That said, there's a power behind that character trait that [Kaine's] opponents in the past have found devastating."
The appearance of Kaine and Clinton together as a ticket for the first time showed precisely why she picked him: He's perfectly comfortable playing second fiddle to the nominee and won't go rogue. It was four minutes into Clinton's speech before she acknowledged Kaine, and 13 minutes more before Kaine got to speak. The whole time Kaine sat patiently in a chair behind her, grinning from ear to ear.
When it was finally Kaine's turn to speak, he began humbly and concentrated his praise on Clinton, only pivoting to praise for himself later.
“I'm feeling a lot of things today. Most of all gratitude. I'm grateful to you Hillary, for the trust you placed in me,” Kaine said, Clinton nodding approvingly behind him. “Today like every day I'm especially grateful to my wife, Anne, and my three kids.”
His extended speech — which thanked Clinton, introduced himself and railed against Trump — stole the show, bringing the crowd to its feet at times and to solemn silence at others.
He thanked naturalized citizens — a significant population in Miami — for being there, and spoke of his time as governor during the Virginia Tech shooting.
And it didn't take long for Kaine to roll out the Spanish he picked up from a missionary year in Honduras. His easy bilingual shifts played well with the diverse crowd at this heavily Latino university, and he played to the crowd by plugging what he learned in Central America: “Fe, familia y trabajo.” (Faith, family, and work.)
The contrast with Trump — who has yet to share time at an extended rally with Pence — was clear.
People close to Clinton and her political circles acknowledge that the choice wasn't about winning any one state or a single constituency — ensuring no single group felt slighted was just as much of a concern.
“It's the old adage, you pick the best player available. There's not one thing they desperately needed,” said former South Carolina Gov. Jim Hodges. “He's big with the Obama people, he was pretty courageous in being the first governor out there for Obama [in 2008]. For African-American voters, this is a guy who put his political future on the line for the first African-American president. [But] he satisfies a lot of constituencies: Latino voters, African-American voters and independents who are trying to make a decision."
Sure, he could help with the working-class white men targeted by Trump, note Democrats pleased by his selection. But with the more dynamic trail presences of Bill Clinton, Joe Biden and Bernie Sanders by her side, Clinton is unlikely to rely solely on her new running mate to fire up that constituency.
Kaine openly acknowledged his relative anonymity even in his own party.
“Let's be honest, for many of you this is the first time you've heard my name,” Kaine said.
With the political machine of Virginia governor — and close Clinton family friend — Terry McAuliffe supporting her, Clinton's team has long felt better about Virginia than previous Democratic candidates have, so expectations aren't as high on Kaine to deliver his home state, even though he ran better there on the ballot than Obama in 2012.
Instead, he's the anti-Trump, in place not to fire up anyone, but to provide reassurance. After all, if Clinton wins Virginia, Trump's path to the White House is exceedingly narrow. If she wins Florida, where Kaine is being rolled out, it's next to impossible for Trump. And that's without even North Carolina, Kaine's next-door neighbor.
Trump and his team spent Saturday morning seeding negative vibes about Kaine, blasting him for receiving thousands of dollars in gifts as governor and for, earlier this week, praising the Trans-Pacific Partnership, which Kaine is now expected to oppose after joining the ticket. Trump trotted out a new moniker for the Virginia senator: “Corrupt Kaine.”
And Trump tried to play to disaffected Sanders supporters who loathe the TPP, calling Kaine a supporter and Sanders' backers “last choice.” Indeed, liberals were not pushing for Kaine, not with the likes of Elizabeth Warren or Sherrod Brown available, two progressive senators viewed as far more rock-ribbed on issues dear to the Democrats' left flank. The only momentary snafu at the rally came from angry liberals, who chanted “DNC Leaks” for a minute before being escorted out, a reference to leaked emails showing DNC staffers maneuvering against Sanders.
In the face of such progressive skepticism, Kaine talked up his fights against the NRA, called for debt-free college and said the ticket will pass comprehensive immigration reform after “tres años” of waiting for the House to do something.
“He is a progressive who likes to get things done. That's just my kind of guy,” Clinton said.
“Tim Kaine is genuinely progressive in a way that is rooted in a deep personal faith. That will come across as a passion when he is fighting for things like economic justice and economic opportunity,” said Sen. Chris Coons of Delaware. “Tim is not someone who compromises his core progressive values.”
The words “centrist” or moderate” never came up when describing Kaine — even if he is a deal-making senator friendly with a number of Senate Republicans. Those attributes may not fire up voters, but they will be highly useful if Kaine finds himself sitting in the vice president's office next January.
“The Clintons have been there before, and they know better than most candidates to do what it takes to actually govern, and then what it takes to get the job done,” said Dan Kanninen, a senior Virginia adviser to Obama in 2012. ”I always thought the folks who were getting mentioned that would inject, quote, ‘energy' into the ticket weren't all that serious because they weren't necessarily the kinds of people she would want to govern with."
by Richie Venton, SSP national workplace organiser Poverty scars the face of Scotland. Poverty pay is at the heart of it. And the only thing more ugly than the national scandal of a million Scots struggling to survive on pitiful incomes is the fact there's absolutely no excuse for it. We live in a fabulously rich country—officially the 14th richest economy on the planet. A nation with a super-abundance of energy resources; a net food exporter; a leading centre of life sciences, with several world class universities; one of the world's financial centres; home to many advanced industries—and the priceless asset of a skilled, educated working class.
Scotland now ‘boasts' its first billionaire, but is shamed by 220,000 kids living in poverty, a thousand food banks issuing handouts to the desperately hungry, and one in three households shivering their way through another winter because of fuel poverty—in a nation that has the potential to become the Saudi Arabia of green energy production!
On a global scale, a child dies of poverty every 3 seconds. That's a devastating indictment of the system of capitalist economy we live under. A system where 65 multi-billionaires possess more wealth than half the global population.
A bit closer to home, the capitalist system of markets and profit means the richest five families in Britain have more combined wealth than the poorest 12.4 million people in the UK!
In the case of Scotland, the richest ten fat-cats have grabbed £13billion between them, just short of half the entire annual budget of the Scottish government. We live in a brutally class-divided society.
There are several sources of poverty in Scotland, all of them easily solved by a government with the vision, courage and political will to carry through sweeping change to the ownership of wealth.
Pensioner poverty needs to be eliminated by a decent level of state pension, in answer to the crime of older people being unable to heat and eat, after a lifetimes' contribution to society.
Fuel poverty is not for lack of resources; it's because the Big Six energy giants that dominate domestic supplies are ripping the profit out of us, jacking up prices to feed their greed for profit.
And the green energy sector is equally a source of obscene profit for big landowners granting us a corner of their landed estates for a few wind turbines—paid a fortune through ‘green taxes' on our electricity bills.
Public ownership of all forms of energy, turning our natural resources into a public service, is at the heart of a solution—alongside public ownership of the construction industry, investment in free home insulation and the building of 100,000 new public sector homes for rent in the lifetime of a Scottish parliament, to the highest environmental standards.
The Westminster dictatorship are crucifying people on benefits, with even worse to come after their announcement of another £25billion cuts over the next two years. We need a serious, resolute campaign of resistance to this butchery, demanding a welfare and benefits system that protects people in need, instead of demonising the poorest, as part of their divide-and-rule strategy.
But underlying all these sources of poverty is the biggest of them all: poverty pay. An absolute majority of those below the breadline live in working households. Far from being a route out of poverty, having a job nowadays is one of the chief sources of being poor!
Over one in five workers (22 per cent) in Scotland earn less than the so-called Living Wage of £7.85-an-hour. That figure rises to 25 per cent of women, and rockets to 43 per cent of us who work part-time, and an appalling 72 per cent of workers aged 18-21.
The wage freeze in the public sector has meant zero pay increases for millions for several successive years. With rip-roaring real-life inflation on the daily essentials of food, fuel, rent and transport, this means an Ice Age of pay cuts.
On average, wages have fallen by £50-a-week for every worker since 2008, when the bankers were bailed out from the public purse to the tune of £1.3trillion. It's publicly-funded bonuses for the banking executives, pay cuts and job losses for the rest of us (including bank workers!).
Back in the mid-1990s those of us who later founded the SSP fought for the introduction of a statutory national minimum wage to banish poverty pay. We welcomed its introduction in 1999.
But from day one, the Labour and subsequent Tory governments made sure the national minimum wage was at rock bottom level, and included an outrageous batch of exemptions and exclusions. In particular, the lower youth rates have blighted a generation of workers seen by employers as a source of even cheaper labour to boost their profit margins.
Right now the levels of legal minimum wage are a scandalous route to exploitation: £6.50 at 21-years-old; £5.13 for 18-20-year-olds; £3.79 for workers aged 16-17; and modern slave labour on £2.73 for Modern Apprentices!
Instead of being the legal minimum, with higher rates for many workers negotiated by their trade unions in free collective bargaining, these basement level wages have increasingly become the norm.
The biggest concentrations of poverty pay are retail, hospitality and care services. So it's not just a case of small, backstreet sweatshops ripping profit out of super-exploited workers. Huge armies of low-paid workers are producing £billions in profit for multinational giants—who are aided and abetted in their exploits by the government's minimum wage legislation.
For example, in the pre-Xmas spending spree, retail workers are pounded into doing extra shifts—part-timers on flat money with no overtime premiums—to feed the tills of a handful of giant firms.
For instance, Tesco's are driving through all manner of cuts to terms and conditions for their workers, whilst paying just above the minimum wage, but whinge about ‘only' enjoying profits of around £1.4billion this year!
One of several devices used to maximise profits and minimise wages is Zero Hours Contracts. A brutal system of being at the beck and call of your employer, unsure of what hours, if any, you get next week; a recipe for mayhem in daily life.
They should be banned outright—not just amended or reformed as proposed by Labour in their weasel words about “ending exploitative Zero Hours Contracts”. Workers need guaranteed contracted hours, part-time or full time, and a decent hourly rate of pay.
The current minimum wages of £6.50, £5.13, £3.79 and £2.73 are a criminal guarantee of poverty for workers. And although the much-trumpeted Living Wage of £7.85 is a very welcome advance on these paltry incomes for the hundreds of thousands scraping by on them, it is not only still inadequately low, but fatally flawed by one simple fact: the Living Wage is entirely voluntary and not legally enforceable.
The Scottish Living Wage Campaign has helped cajole three times as many employers into becoming Accredited Living Wage Employers during 2014. But to highlight the problem of it not being a legally enforced minimum, that means it has merely risen from 23 to 60 companies in Scotland paying the Living Wage. Not a single one of them is in retail, one of the two big centres of poverty pay.
Since our formation in 1998, the SSP has campaigned for a legally enforced national minimum wage for all at 16, calculated on the formula of two-thirds median male earnings. In today's figures that is a minimum wage of about £10-an-hour. That is also the figure unanimously agreed at the recent British Trades Union Congress.
Some might say it's unrealistic. But nothing is realistic unless you're prepared to fight for it! And it's extremely modest compared to the cost of living. It's modest compared to the fact that if even the (paltry) current minimum wage had kept pace with the rise in income for directors of the top 100 companies since 1999 it would now be £18.89-an-hour!
But should it apply to workers and apprentices from 16 upwards? Yes! When did you last see special discounts on the price of clothing, food, footwear or rents for the 16-21 year olds?! Abolition of the lower youth rates is a key part of banishing super-exploitation.
And of course it needs to be coupled to a crusade to unshackle the trade unions, by repealing all the anti-union laws. Free collective wage bargaining by workers' unions is essential so that additional skills, responsibilities, anti-social hours of work and experience can be rewarded.
Right now we have the opposite, where it is mostly big, profit-hungry companies who are being subsidised by taxpayers to exploit their workers with poverty pay, through the likes of Working Tax Credits. We should turn this situation on its head, force big companies to dip into their profits to guarantee a living wage of £10 at least, and help smaller, socially useful businesses flourish with decent-paid jobs.
None of the mainstream political parties are willing to confront the national crime of poverty pay. The Tories and Lib Dems are opposed to national guaranteed minimum wages on principle.
Labour is trying to appease the working class who are deserting their New Tory agenda by promising an £8-an-hour minimum—but try to hide the fact they only aim at this by 2020, meaning it would barely sustain the current, pathetic £6.50 rate when you account for inflation.
The SNP say they support the Living Wage, which is very welcome, but also very limited as it's entirely left to the whims and fancies of company bosses rather than enforceable by law.
And the SNP have belatedly joined the call by the SSP for minimum wage levels to be devolved from Westminster to Holyrood—but in the SNP's case only so that its level “will rise by at least inflation”. Based on the bogus official inflation measures of today, that implies a pathetic 13 pence an hour rise on the current ‘adult' minimum wage of £6.50!
The SSP is determined to make this issue the centrepiece of Scottish politics in 2015. We are demanding £10 now—not in 2020 or some distant date beyond that. The fact the TUC has voted “to campaign for a £10-per-hour minimum wage for all workers”—with not a single union delegate opposing it—adds powerful potential force behind this battle.
The SSP stands up for the working class. We are Scotland's working class party. Join the SSP in the campaign for £10 now, to outlaw poverty pay and Zero Hours Contracts. We live in a fabulously rich nation, but one scarred by the twins of poverty and inequality.
We need to organise and demand a massive redistribution of wealth. The guarantee of secure jobs with at least a £10 hourly rate is a measure that would transform the lives of millions currently swimming in a sea of poverty and insecurity.
Surly describes his art as 'Footwork influenced bass music,' and it's just that. The Auckland based producer recently released his debut ‘Surly EP' through LA local footwork label Juke Bounce Werk, and already its seen praises stack up. If you're already head deep in his record then we've got the next drop for your sanity. Made up exclusively of tracks, edits and remixes by members of the Juke Bounce Werk crew – Surly delivers a fresh Red Bull Studios Guest Mix.
Tracklist:
Kush Jones, Grateful, (TAR Records)
Neuropunk, World Soul, (JBW)
Scatta, Pass Dat, ((JBW)
Deejay Compton, Rushen, (Juke Underground)
Surly, Uv Bin, (Footwork Fusion 160)
Swisha, New Luv, (JBW)
Swisha, Grease 'Uh From Da Back, (JBW)
Deejay Compton, Jawn, (JBW)
SubCode, Bootstraps, (JBW)
Surly, Untitled WIP, (JBW)
Kush Jones, Riddim, (JBW)
Surly, Our Love, (JBW)
Sonic D, Creepin, (JBW)
Kush Jones, Wrist, (JBW)
The Heights - #Blessed - (JBW)
Neuropunk, Afraid of Detroit, (JBW)
Kush Jones, Bang, (TAR Records)
Los, Grammys, (JBW)
Blanco x Los, Rainy Day, (JBW)
Deejay Compton, Manthis, (JBW)
Kush Jones, Love Song, (JBW)
SubCode, Workitbaby, (JBW)
Surly, Back In The Jungle, (JBW)
Surly x Kush Jones, Full Nelson, (JBW)
Swisha x Los, They Don't Want U To Win, (Dome Of Doom)
Kendrick Lamar, Alright (Sonic D footwork remix), (unreleased)
Five Army generals promised a thorough investigation Tuesday into complaints that National Guard troops returning from Iraq got second-class treatment at Joint Base Lewis-McChord to make way for the base's active-duty brigades coming home from war this summer.
The Oregon National Guard troops, who served alongside I Corps soldiers, are "our own," said Lt. Gen. Charles Jacoby, the Lewis-McChord and I Corps commander. He said officers at every level intend to see there is no difference in their care and service.
But Jacoby also said that the generals, who included the Army's top doctor and the vice chief of staff, met Tuesday with some Oregon soldiers "who clearly had the perception that they were not being treated the same."
Others believed they were getting excellent care, the generals said.
Jacoby launched an investigation last week "to deal with perceptions and realities" after U.S. Sen. Ron Wyden and U.S. Rep. Kurt Schrader, both Oregon Democrats, complained to the secretary of the Army about the "unacceptable way" the Guard troops were being processed through Lewis-McChord's medical battalion.
Many aren't getting the health care they deserve, while others are being released from active duty and sent home too soon, their letter to the Army secretary said.
They described a long list of allegations from Guard members, including:
• The Soldier Readiness Center has overturned physicians' decisions about soldiers' care to move them through the system more quickly and make way for the return of Lewis-McChord units.
• Staff at the center have told Oregon National Guard soldiers to "suck it up" and leave.
• Requests for second opinions by doctors have been denied in violation of federal regulations.
To read the complete article, visit www.thenewstribune.com.
Hillary Clinton speaks at Broward College on October 2, 2015, in Davie, Florida.
Last week, in response to the mass shooting in Oregon, Hillary Clinton called for a national push against the NRA and the gun lobby, saying, “This is not just tragic. We don't just need to pray for people. We need to act and we need to build a movement. It's infuriating.” On Monday, she'll explain what she intends to do about it if elected president, when she unveils her plan to tighten restrictions on gun sales through legislation and executive actions. Clinton has been discussing the issue on the campaign trail since the Charleston church massacre in June, but the new push may also help her politically. Tackling gun violence is one of the few areas where Clinton is more liberal than Vermont senator Bernie Sanders, who's ahead of her in several polls of New Hampshire and Iowa voters.
Clinton is expected to announce during campaign stops in New Hampshire that she would take executive action to close loopholes that allow people to buy firearms at gun shows or from private online sellers without passing a background check. She would also try to ban domestic abusers from purchasing guns, even if they're not married to their victim. A Clinton aide told The Wall Street Journal that she will propose using executive authority to change the definition of who is “in the business” of selling weapons under federal law. “This would ensure that high-volume gun sellers are covered by the same common-sense rules that apply to gun stores — including requiring background checks on gun sales,” the aide said.
There's a good deal of overlap between Clinton's proposals and steps the group Everytown for Gun Safety is urging President Obama to take immediately. According to Politico, the Clinton campaign has been talking with the group, and hired at least one of its former interns.
Clinton will also call on Congress to take action, though the Senate now has five more NRA-backed Republicans than it did when a bipartisan gun-control bill failed in 2013. (And lawmakers seem uninterested in tackling the problem, which is unsurprising since they can barely keep the government functioning.) Clinton will urge Congress to close the “Charleston loophole,” which allowed Dylann Roof to obtain a gun despite a felony drug conviction because his background check wasn't completed within three days. She also wants Congress to overturn the 2005 law that prevents firearm manufacturers and dealers from being sued by the victims of gun violence. While serving in the Senate in 2005, Clinton voted against the law, but Sanders, who was in the House at the time, supported it.
Second Amendment rights are important to many Vermont voters, and Sanders has a mixed record on gun control. He supported the 2013 law to expand background checks and ban certain types of weapons, but in 1993 he voted against the Brady bill, which established mandatory background checks and a five-day waiting period. He also voted to allow guns on Amtrak and received support from the NRA during his first campaign. “The president is right. Condolences are not enough,” Sanders said on MSNBC in response to the Oregon shooting. “We've got to do something … We need sensible gun-control legislation.” Sanders supports closing the gun-show loophole and improving mental-health care, and said for there to be progress the two sides of the gun debate need to “start talking to each other.”
On Sunday, former Maryland governor Martin O'Malley called on Clinton and Sanders to support his gun-control proposal, which includes fingerprinting and licensing everyone who purchases a gun, and making trafficking illegal guns a federal crime. O'Malley is polling below one percent, so even if he draws the support of staunch gun-control supporters it probably won't change his standing in the race. However, his tough stance does ensure that gun control will continue to be an issue for Democrats on the campaign trail, and in the upcoming debate.
The news of the attack comes from the U.S.-led Operation Inherent Resolve coalition in the region. A Syrian SU-22 was shot down by a F/A-18E Super Hornet in a “show of force” after the Syrian fighter bombed an area near a group of Syrian Democratic Forces.
The Daily Caller reports:
The coalition acted “in accordance with rules of engagement and in collective self-defense of Coalition partnered forces,” according to the task force's statement. The engagement represents the first time a U.S. aircraft has shot down an aircraft belonging to the Bashar al-Assad regime.
“The Coalition's mission is to defeat ISIS in Iraq and Syria. The Coalition does not seek to fight Syrian regime, Russian, or pro-regime forces partnered with them, but will not hesitate to defend Coalition or partner forces from any threat,” said the coalition statement. “The Coalition presence in Syria addresses the imminent threat ISIS in Syria poses globally. The demonstrated hostile intent and actions of pro-regime forces toward Coalition and partner forces in Syria conducting legitimate counter-ISIS operations will not be tolerated.”
Danny Murphy and Ian Wright join Gary Lineker in the studio for Match of the Day at 22:30 GMT on Saturday, with highlights of six games including Arsenal v Stoke and Leicester v Manchester City
A lot of people questioned Chelsea's decision to re-sign Brazil defender David Luiz from Paris St-Germain on transfer deadline day, but he is proving to be the perfect fit for their 3-4-3 system.
I understand why there were doubts - while Blues manager Antonio Conte is known for his teams' defensive discipline, Luiz's problem is that sometimes he will switch off and he can be a little bit complacent.
At 29, he has not changed and he is still that same player who can make mistakes, but the formation Conte has used during their eight-game winning run allows him to play to his strengths because of the players he has got around him.
Luiz played alongside Cahill and Azpilicueta and behind Kante and Matic in the first seven games of Chelsea's eight-game winning run. The 11 players above started six of those games - the only others to feature are Willian, who played instead of Pedro against Hull and Fabregas, who replaced Matic against Manchester City
In front of him, Chelsea's defence is protected by N'Golo Kante and Nemanja Matic, but the key for Luiz is that when Chelsea plays three at the back, he does not have to mark anybody.
Gary Cahill and Cesar Azpilicueta do that, and do the dirty work for him.
Maturing, or enjoying his free role? Luiz made an average of 1.4 fouls per game in 2013-14, his final season with the Blues before joining PSG. That has dropped to 0.6 this season
When Luiz plays in a four-man defence and he needs to mark, that can be a problem for him. In this 3-4-3 system, however, he is more of a sweeper and makes fewer challenges than Chelsea's other defenders.
That suits him more, firstly because he rarely finds himself in trouble so is not in danger of making a mistake, and also because he is the player with the most freedom in that Chelsea team.
Chelsea defenders - tackles per game in the PL 2016-17 Before 1 October Player Since 1 October *Chelsea switched to a 3-4-3 formation midway through their 3-0 defeat to Arsenal on 24 September but the first game they started using that system was their 2-0 win at Hull on 1 October 2 David Luiz 0.9 0.2 Gary Cahill 2.3 1.6 Cesar Azpilicueta 3.6
Luiz can bring the ball out or play it forward and he uses it very well, which is so important when Chelsea look to break quickly.
Playing him alongside Cahill and Azpilicueta means they have the ideal combination at the back.
'It's not just John Terry who is waiting for his chance'
Terry (back, right) started Chelsea's first four Premier League games of the season but has only played six minutes in the league since, coming off the bench late on against Everton. That is the only action he has seen during Chelsea's eight-game winning run, and he has been an unused substitute four times in those matches
Captain John Terry cannot get into the Chelsea side because of how well they are playing, particularly defensively. He has not made a fuss about it, however.
I am not surprised by that. As well as the fact the team are playing well and winning without him, Terry sees himself as a worthy captain and also a team player. He is part of the squad, and I think he understands the situation.
Of course he would like to be involved - he is 36 and at his age will know he does not have much of his career left - but he is handling it the right way and he still has a part to play.
There will be injuries and suspensions and moments when Chelsea need him in their title bid. At the moment he has done well just with the way he has handled the situation.
'Football is not fair, football is all about winning'
Chelsea have made fewer changes to their line-up than any other top-flight team in their 14 Premier League games so far this season. Four of those changes came in the six games before Conte switched to a 3-4-3 system. He made two changes for the first game they won, against Hull, and two more in the seven games since
Terry is not the only Chelsea player who is having to wait for a chance. Conte did not change his line-up very often even before he altered his formation to play 3-4-3 at the start of this winning streak.
Players like to have consistency because then they know what they have to do. If you change too much then you get confusion.
Of course what helps Conte here is that Chelsea are not in Europe. Compare the Italian to manager Pep Guardiola at Manchester City, who is at the other end of the scale.
City manager Pep Guardiola has made 46 changes to his starting line-up for Premier League games this season, the most in the top flight. Swansea has the next highest number, with 34
The Spaniard is too much of a tactical wizard, and he does it all the time. He keeps changing his system between three and four at the back and he is the kind of manager who puts players in three different positions in three different matches, which is too much.
Eventually he will find a system and things will settle down at City, but it is not working at the moment, especially in their defence.
I understand why Guardiola is frustrated because City create so many chances in all their games, not just in last weekend's defeat against Chelsea, and it looks unfair when they don't win.
But football is not fair, football is all about winning - however you do it.
'Chelsea doing things the Italian way'
Chelsea wing-back Victor Moses operated mainly in the opposition half when his side won 1-0 at Middlesbrough on 20 November, making 61 of his 74 touches in there as the Blues enjoyed 58% of possession. Against Manchester City, in their next away game, only 22 of Moses' 55 touches came in the City half. Chelsea had 39% of possession in their 3-1 win
One of the good things about the run Chelsea is on is that they are doing things the Italian way, by conceding hardly any goals.
That's not down to luck, because Conte's tactics are designed to put the defence first and make his team solid behind the ball.
Look at Victor Moses - he was a right-winger in the games where Chelsea dominated possession but against City he was playing as a right-back in and around his own area for much of the game.
He drops into the back-line whenever Chelsea don't have the ball which is another thing that helps Luiz - when you are one of five at the back there are not really many mistakes you can make.
Luiz joined Chelsea from Benfica for £21m in February 2011 and won the Champions League, Europa League and FA Cup before leaving for PSG for about £40m in June 2014. He returned to Stamford Bridge at the end of August for £34m
But when Chelsea do win the ball back they also have the right players to attack quickly and hurt teams. Eden Hazard, Diego Costa and Pedro are all clever enough to create their own space, and dangerous when they get it.
Put all of that together and you have a very good plan because you don't concede anything and are dangerous going forward too.
'Even on difficult days, Chelsea will always have a chance'
Media playback is not supported on this device Chelsea confidence is up - Conte
In September, before Conte had switched to the 3-4-3 formation he used with Juventus and Italy, Chelsea took one point from three Premier League games.
He needed time, and I said that people should judge him after six months, not six weeks.
It turns out he has not even needed that long to demonstrate again what a good coach he is.
Conte has come to a different league and had to adapt to it like everyone else but, as soon as he could play his own system because he had the players to do it, then suddenly everything changed for him.
So I am not surprised by how well he is doing. He has a game plan that works and some very good players at Chelsea who he uses in the best way, and things have just clicked for them.
Can Chelsea carry on winning? I hope so, but there will come a moment when they get injuries or tiredness. Look at the next few weeks and the number of games everyone plays.
There will be days when they don't play well. When that happens the most important thing is not to lose and, with the way they are defensively, even on difficult days they will always have a chance.
Ruud Gullit was speaking to BBC Sport's Chris Bevan.
SALT LAKE CITY — The 10th Circuit Court of Appeals said federal land managers cannot indefinitely postpone carrying out an inventory of cultural resources — such as Native American artifacts — in south-central Utah.
"This region is home to an abundance of archaeological resources — including caves, rock shelters and rock art — that provide a window into the lives of the early inhabitants of the Colorado Plateau," said Kevin Jones, former Utah state archaeologist, adding that 4,000 miles of dirt roads and trails used by off-road vehicles compromise the resources.
In May 2015, a federal judge in Utah ordered the Bureau of Land Management to complete an on-the-ground survey of the cultural resources in the 2.1 million acres of land between Canyonlands and Capitol Reef national parks.
The BLM requested a delay of those surveys, but the request was rejected in a ruling last week.
"This is an important decision from the 10th Circuit," said Stephen Bloch, legal director for the Southern Utah Wilderness Alliance. "In practical terms, the ruling means (the) BLM can no longer delay following federal historic preservation laws which require the agency to 'look before it leaps,' and determine what irreplaceable cultural resources in the Richfield field office are at risk from off-road vehicle use."
The Richfield land-use plan is one of six — covering more than 11 million acres — adopted at the end of the Bush administration. All plans have been challenged in court by environmental groups, but the Richfield plan is the first to be litigated.
×
Related Stories
Simpsons fans everywhere are united by two fervent beliefs. That the show is the funniest, most groundbreaking, influential show in the history of television; and that the show is terrible and should have gone off the air years ago. Debates rage hotly over the internet as to when the show peaked, when the show went downhill, and how many years or decades ago the show became unwatchable.
But now fans can enjoy some much-needed perspective, thanks to The Simpsons Archive. As part of the site's exhaustive compendium of all things Springfield, the site includes capsule reviews of each episode of the series, which it has embiggened with Internet comments from the time when the episode originally aired. As the venerable show pre-dates the web browser, the commenters during the show's acknowledged best season (let's just say most of the single digits and let that settle the argument forever), come from Usenet, a text-only discussion board that was popular back when low-end Macs had black and white monitors and people wore onions on their belts, because it was the style at the time.
Advertisement
And just like their futuristic bretheren, our onion-belted forbears loved The Simpsons almost as much as they loved complaining about The Simpsons. An all-time classic like “Kamp Krusty” gets called “predictable and drawn out,” with “abysmal” voice direction; “Itchy And Scratchy Land” is one viewer's “Top 5 worst… of all time… Killer robots? Puh-LEEZE.” Emotional high point “And Maggie Makes Three,” gets called “Truly awful… I'm going to start a collection so the writers can BUY an original damn idea! GRADE: F.” One reader considered legitimate Best Episode Ever contender “Deep Space Homer” to be “decidedly average. I thought the dialogue was uninspiring… there was no punch to the script.”
The Simpsons Archive isn't the first to notice the show's long history of Internet hate—now-retired A.V. Club commenter “Reposted snpp.com Comments” routinely posted early '90s Internet hate to our Classic Simpsons reviews. But it's nice to know that, at least in some people's eyes, the show has been going downhill from nearly the first episode.
Anyone even a little bit familiar with Fox News is used to its pundits railing against the left like it's their job. This is largely because it is their job. If you manage to keep Fox News on your television for longer than the few minutes it takes to recognize this, you'll likely be impressed with the other things the network dislikes. The employees of Fox News have to fill the 24 hours of the day, seven days a week, and sometimes there just isn't enough politics to fill the hour.
In desperate situations, the network looks in strange places for things to be upset about. Over the years, Fox News has taken aim at rappers, video games, and children's shows, accusing them of corrupting our nation's youth and/or supporting President Obama.
Take a moment to appreciate how the Fair and Balanced Network will go out of its way to hate on just about anything with these 25 Things We Love That Fox News Has Hated On.
RELATED: The Most Offensive Moments in Fox News History
RELATED: 50 Hilarious Local News Fails
RELATED: The 25 Craziest Things That've Happened On Live Television
At this very moment, there are seven works attributed to Banksy on display at the ME London hotel. Cheekily called "Stealing Banksy?" the show describes itself as "showcasing the most expensive collection of Banksy artworks ever assembled under one roof" — at least until it's all auctioned off on Sunday. Taken from doors, walls and the sides of trucks the range of pieces includes some of his most famous works like "No Ball Games" and "Girl with Balloon."
Image Credit: Flickr
The problem here is that Banksy does not condone any of it. He took to his website to denounce the show: "This show has got nothing to do with me and I think it's disgusting people are allowed to go around displaying art on walls without getting permission." He does not mince words.
The Sincura Group, the company behind "Stealing Banksy?" is the same company that sold Banksy's "Slave Labor (Bunting Boy)" at auction in 2013 for $1.1 million.
Image Credit: Blogspot
Sincura Group, for its part, seems to view their work selling Banksys as a preservation of his work, rather than a perversion of it. The company says they get the work after being approached by the building owners who want the artwork removed from their properties.
According to Tony Baxter, director of Sincura, the company does not make a profit off the sales. "We encourage the owners to make charitable donations to the community from where the artwork originated," he told the New York Times.
It's estimated that the works on sale this weekend will sell for between $250,000 and $1.7 million a piece. "No Ball Games" is expected to sell for $1.7 million, while other famous works like "Girl With Balloon" and "Old Skool" are expected to go for $553,520 and $1.037 million, respectively.
Image Credit: Banksy Wallpaper
Banksy has a famous and public disdain for capitalism mixed with art, and he has made that point various times. His disdain was on full display when his work which reads "I can't believe you morons actually buy this shit" was sold at auction without his permission. He made the point through art again this past fall in New York when Banksy canvases were sold for $60 a pop at a street booth. The estimated value for the paintings was $200,000 each.
Image Credit: WordPress
Banksy's works are generally done publicly and intended for public display, which makes the auctioning off of the pieces such an ethical grey area.
"Commercial success is a mark of failure for a graffiti artist," he said in a rare interview with Village Voice. "We're not supposed to be embraced in that way. When you look at how society rewards so many of the wrong people, it's hard not to view financial reimbursement as a badge of self-serving mediocrity." He finished the thought saying "it feels like as soon as you profit from an image you've put on the street, it magically transforms that piece into advertising."
This must all be very confusing for an artist whose estimated net worth circles around $20 million. And enraging when much of that art is sold without your consent.
Last month I had the privilege to attend the First Amendment Free Food Festival, hosted by the student SPJ chapter of Western Washington University. The event was held mid-day on Thurs., May 12 in a common area known, ironically, as Red Square. Here SPJ volunteers passed out free pizza to students who were willing to give up their First Amendment Rights to enter the restricted zone. More than 100 students actively handed over the rights, while at least a dozen others refused, walking off without pizza.
For more coverage of the event, visit the links below:
The Western Front
WWU SPJ Student Blog
For more photos, visit Facebook.
Defending the First Amendment and promoting open government are more crucial now than ever. Join SPJ's fight for the publics right to know  either as an SPJ Supporter or a professional, student or retired journalist.
We have an awesome lineup of some radical, entertaining, visual awesomeness! People are coming in from all over and we already have a handful of Earth First!ies crashing in our EF! Journal office (thanks for working in the garden friends!).
So bring yerself over here to see these incredible movies on a big screen, eat food, and hangout with folks.
We also have a zine library sale, slingshot organizers, shirts, and other merch, just in time for the season of radical gift giving!
SCHEDULE
6:00pm: A Silent Forest
The film features renowned geneticist and host of PBS' The Nature of Things David Suzuki, who explores the unknown and possibly disastrous consequences of improperly tested GE methods.
6:45pm: Crude
Three years in the making, this cinéma-vérité feature from acclaimed filmmaker Joe Berlinger (Brother's Keeper, Paradise Lost, Metallica: Some Kind of Monster) is the epic story of one of the largest and most controversial environmental lawsuits on the planet. The inside story of the infamous “Amazon Chernobyl” case, Crude is a real-life high stakes legal drama, set against a backdrop of the environmental movement, global politics, celebrity activism, human rights advocacy, the media, multinational corporate power, and rapidly-disappearing indigenous cultures. Presenting a complex situation from multiple viewpoints, the film subverts the conventions of advocacy filmmaking, exploring a complicated situation from all angles while bringing an important story of environmental peril and human suffering into focus.
8:00pm: Who Bombed Judi Bari
On May 24 in 1990, a bomb blew up in the car of two of the most prominent Earth First! redwood activists: Judi Bari and Darryl Cherney – while they were driving through Oakland, CA on an organizing tour for Redwood Summer. The FBI and Oakland Police immediately accused the pair of carrying their own bomb and of being environmental terrorists.
9:30pm: The Big Trees
A classic Kirk Douglas film (1952) about a group of Quakers fighting to protect the ancient redwood forest where they live and worship a profit-hungry timber baron
Advertisements
Zima Zima, a bizarre alcoholic beverage that was popular in the 1990s, is unexpectedly attempting a comeback.
MillerCoors announced that the "first-of-its-kind crystal clear, malt-based, adult beverage" would be available from late June until Labor Day this summer — nine years after the drink was discontinued in 2008.
Zima is a citrusy and sweet drink, though critics on Reddit have said that the flavor is closer to "Scotch tape with lime" or "lemonade filtered through aluminum foil" than anything else.
The beer giant is doubling down on '90s nostalgia in its marketing, launching an ad filled with Troll dolls, JNCO jeans, and inflatable sneakers. An old-school Zima website is complete with clip art, Comic Sans, and flashing text boxes.
The beverage brand has also embraced modern times in the form of an Instagram marketing campaign, popping up on a handful of meme-centric accounts.
Meme accounts are a convenient way to introduce Zima to people who may not have been old enough to drink the beverage in the '90s — or old enough to remember its spectacular downfall.
While 1.3 million barrels of Zima were sold in 1994, the year it launched nationally, the beverage's sales had fallen to 403,000 barrels by 1996, Slate reported.
The drink was intended to appeal to people who didn't like beer but wanted a drink with lower alcohol levels in an era when the clear cola drink Crystal Pepsi was making headlines. While the drink found some fans (including underage drinkers), most people apparently just didn't like the taste.
"The taste was not appealing, and it left you feeling bloated," one drinker told Bloomberg in a 1997 article charting the downfall of the beverage.
"We had people who liked the idea but not the taste," Robert Joanis, vice-president of marketing for Coors' microbrew unit, told Bloomberg back in 1997.
Still, it wasn't until the Great Recession in 2008 that Zima was actually discontinued in the US.
"We haven't seen a fallout in the malternative segment this bad since '29," Business Insider's Caroline Waxler wrote in an article headlined "Now We Know We're In A Depression: Zima Being Discontinued!"
So, why is Zima coming back now?
One reason: '90s nostalgia is in.
According to Tristan Meline, senior marketing manager of innovation at MillerCoorsPlus, "tons of people" have been asking for Zima to make a comeback.
"Whether you remember it or not, this summer is your only chance to taste the 'it' drink of the '90s," Meline said in a statement.
Will Zima make it past this summer? Probably not. But, if you're craving a sip of the '90s, MillerCoors is hoping you'll buy at least one bottle of Zima — if only to take the Instagram to prove that you did.
Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton speaks at a campaign rally in Balboa Park on June 2, 2016 in San Diego, California. Clinton said rival Donald Trump's foreign policy is dangerously incoherent and labeling him unfit for office. 'He is temperamentally unfit to hold an office that requires knowledge, stability and immense responsibility,' Clinton said, cranking up the rhetoric on what is already a deeply acrimonious election. / AFP / DAVID MCNEW (Photo credit should read DAVID MCNEW/AFP/Getty Images)
Yesterday, Hillary Clinton gave a foreign policy speech in San Diego that was notably flat and misleading. It's been getting decent reviews in the mainstream media for the zingers she tossed at Donald Trump. But when you listen to the speech (you can watch it here) and think about it, you realize how insipid and unoriginal it really was.
Here are my thoughts on Clinton's speech:
1. The speech featured the usual American exceptionalism, the usual fear that if America withdraws from the world stage, chaos will result. There was no sense that America's wars of choice in Iraq, Afghanistan, Libya, etc. have greatly contributed to that chaos. Oh, there was also the usual boast that America has the greatest military. That's what Imperial and Nazi Germany used to boast -- until the Germans lost two world wars and smartened up.
2. Hillary mentioned we're electing "our" next commander-in-chief. No, we're not. The president is a public servant, not "our" commander-in-chief. The president serves as the civilian commander-in-chief of the military, and the military alone.
3. Hillary mentioned the US has a "moral obligation" to defend Israel. Why is this? Sure, Israel is an American ally, but why is Israel the one country we're "morally" obligated to defend? There's only one country we're morally obligated to defend, and that's the USA, assuming our government is actually honoring the US Constitution.
4. The speech had no new ideas. It was a laundry list of neo-conservative principles about making America stronger, safer, and so on. As a friend of mine put it, "Nothing that I heard her say deviated in any way from her hawkish record of recommending bombing at every opportunity."
5. Hillary seems to have two speech-giving styles: a somewhat bored monotone and a somewhat agitated yell. A line like, "this isn't reality TV, it's reality," should have been a big applause line, but her delivery was flat and her timing was off. In this case, style and substance met as one.
Hillary Clinton reminds me of the grey leaders in the USSR before Gorbachev. She's like a Brezhnev or an Andropov. A cookie-cutter product of the system with no fresh ideas.
For many people who are leery of a Trump presidency, Hillary's hawkish and colorless conformity to the Washington system is more than enough to qualify her. If she wins the presidency, she will be much like Brezhnev and Andropov, senior apparatchiks of an empire in denial of its own precipitous decline.
Uranium found in Stamford well water
Jason Glenn labels well watersamples to be tested for pesticides, arsenic and uranium at the Heath Department Laboratory at Government Center in Stamford, Conn., on Tuesday, March 18, 2014. Jason Glenn labels well watersamples to be tested for pesticides, arsenic and uranium at the Heath Department Laboratory at Government Center in Stamford, Conn., on Tuesday, March 18, 2014. Photo: Lindsay Perry Buy photo Photo: Lindsay Perry Image 1 of / 7 Caption Close Uranium found in Stamford well water 1 / 7 Back to Gallery
Stamford -- Health officials are urging homeowners to test their drinking water after 70 percent of five dozen private wells sampled since the beginning of the year tested positive for uranium contamination.
Uranium is a naturally occurring element that can seep into drinking wells through nearby bedrock. People who are exposed to high levels of uranium for a sustained period of time are susceptible to kidney problems, said state Department of Public Health Epidemiologist Brian Toal.
"The primary health risk for uranium is potential damage to the kidney," Toal said. "It's really not a radioactive hazard, even though it's a radioactive element. Therefore, it's not considered a large cancer risk."
Stamford, which has offered subsidized well-water testing for carcinogenic pesticides since March 2012, recently added heavy metals contaminants to the list. The Health Department has tested 60 private wells for arsenic and uranium so far this year; 42 samples contained uranium.
Fourteen wells, or about 23 percent of the five dozen tested, contained uranium contamination in concentrations at or above the recommended federal health limit of 30 micrograms per liter.
"In Stamford, the percentage of wells that have been found over the (federal health) standard are quite high," Toal said. "At the levels we're seeing in well water, we would not expect to see people with overt kidney damage or problems. But if someone has a very high level, it's a good recommendation for them to go see a doctor."
More Information About the program
Homeowners pay a flat $100 fee to participate in the city's well water testing program.
To sign up, call the Health Department's hotline at 203-977-0816 and leave your name, address and telephone number.
Toal characterized "very high" uranium concentrations as 100 to 300 micrograms per liter. Several years ago, a private well in Newtown tested positive for uranium at levels exceeding 900 micrograms per liter.
The family of six had their kidney functions tested and one child demonstrated a "slight abnormality," which went away after several months of drinking clean water, Toal said.
"In most instances (uranium poisoning) is reversible," he said. "There's a fairly simple test that can be done to check your kidney function. But for most people, we'd say just stop drinking the water and you'll be fine."
It's not clear how widespread uranium contamination is statewide, Toal said. The state health department is coordinating water testing across 30 to 40 towns and expects to complete the study this fall.
"We get calls for isolated reports all over the state," he said. "We think it occurs in pockets, and that it's higher in some places than others, but we don't have a complete picture yet."
The Stamford Health Department has been sampling private drinking wells for two years, but only began offering arsenic and uranium testing Jan. 1.
"Even if you tested before for pesticides and volatile organic compounds, you need to test again," said Director Anne Fountain. "You don't know what you're going to find until you test."
So far arsenic, which was detected in the drinking water of 81 Weston homes last year, has only been found in one Stamford well, Health Laboratory Director Jim Federici said.
Stamford is the first municipality in the state to embark on widespread, subsidized testing of private well water. The program, which costs the city about $60,000 annually, is scheduled to run through the end of 2015.
Stamford began investigating well-water contamination in May 2009, when chlordane and dieldrin were discovered in North Stamford private drinking water. Originally, city officials thought a nearby polluted landfill was the source, but local and state health officials now believe the contamination, which has been found in private wells all over the city, is linked to historic pesticide use.
To date, the Health Department has tested 1,261 of Stamford's 5,000 private wells for pesticides, which were detected in about 13 percent, Federici said. Fewer than 2 percent of all wells tested contained chlordane in levels exceeding recommended health standards, while about 3 percent tested positive for high levels of dieldrin.
City Rep. Gail Okun urged residents to sign up for the city's testing program, but stressed that it's up to homeowners to pay for any necessary filtration systems.
"There's no reason to panic," said Okun, vice chairwoman of the Board of Representatives' Water Supply Committee. "If you find that the naturally occurring uranium is present, you do what you have to do to make sure it's remediated."
Treatment systems for pesticide and heavy metal contamination are different, Fountain said.
"Even if you have a filter for the pesticides, it's a totally different filtration system for uranium," she said.
Remediation for pesticide contamination involves installing a granular carbon-activated filter that costs about $1,600 and treats the entire house's water supply.
Uranium only poses a health risk when it is ingested, however, so homeowners can attach filters directly to their kitchen faucets to treat the water they cook with and drink.
"Uranium is not a risk for bathing, showering and inhalation," Toal said. "It's OK to brush your teeth with it."
Karen DeFalco, president of the neighborhood advocacy group North Stamford Concerned Citizens for the Environment, said she tests her well water every year.
"We cannot take for granted what's in our water," DeFalco said. "It's important that we test and keep testing. You might have been fine one year and you might not be fine the next year. It's about being proactive."
Homeowners pay a flat $100 fee to participate in the city's well-water-testing program.
21 Pages Posted: 30 Nov 2016 Last revised: 2 Feb 2018
Date Written: January 27, 2017
Abstract
The President promised on the campaign trail to replace Justice Scalia with a judge like Justice Scalia (and Justice Thomas). But what does it mean to be like Justice Scalia? It surely means more than just being "conservative." This study proposes three empirical measures of what made Justice Scalia. First, how often does a judge promote or practice originalism? Second, how often do they cite to Justice Scalia's non-judicial writings, writings that were not about the substance of the law but about how to think about interpreting the law. And third, how often does a judge write separately, something Justice Scalia did 25.9% of the time when he was not writing the majority opinion over his last 20 years on the court. The study then applies those measures to potential nominees, and provides a metric for determining just how Scalia-like they are: The Scalia Index Score. While not without its limitations, this metric provides an objective way to evaluate how much a potential nominee is like the famous jurist they may replace.
1940s/1950s Bicycle Knife Sharpener
Mobile knife-sharpening services are no longer a feature of our streets. In the disposable society of the 21st century, of course, we can throw away our blunt scissors and buy another pair.
But up until the fifties it would not have been uncommon to see a bicycle kitted out like the one here. And those who could not afford a bicycle for their knife-sharpening business would carry a small grinder with them as they called door-to-door.
My own family were immigrants to Great Britain in the early days of the 20th century. It was common knowledge in those days that Wales was a good place to set up a business calling door-to-door to offer goods and services, and many immigrants would travel to similar outlying communities to do just that.
America was the ‘land of opportunity' where business acumen and hard work was respected and, in due course, one-man businesses were followed up by concerns such as Sears-Roebuck, who produced a catalogue selling virtually everything – so that traveling salespeople and small shops in the middle of nowhere could offer extra goods to be delivered later.
Ebay fulfills a similar function in our current era: you can be supplied with goods without having to travel into the nearest town or city to buy them.
I'm not absolutely sure of the manufacturer of my mobile knife-sharpener. I think it's a Gundle. I've sent a picture of it to a tradesman's bicycle group to see if anyone can help identify it.
*************************
*************************
*************************
The knife-sharpening bike pictured below is exhibited in the Museum of Science and Technology of Firenze, in Tuscany, Italy:
*************************
Advertisements
1962 Moretti 2500 SS Coupe Reading time: about 1 minute. Cars
Design
Italian
Luxury
Retro
Vintage
I have a particular fascination with '60s and '70s GT cars, I think it stems from my long held dream of throwing a lightly packed suitcase in the trunk and setting off from London for a gasoline powered tour of Europe.
This beautiful 1962 Moretti 2500 SS Coupe with coachwork by Carrozzeria Moretti is one of only 20 to have ever been made, it's powered by a 2500cc carburettor fed straight-6 with 170hp. The design of the car is reminiscent of a number of other GT cars from the era and is instantly recognisable as an Italian motorcar, it's previous owners include the famous rare sports car dealer Raymond Milo, followed by American blues-rock lead guitarist and singer J. Geils.
She's due to be a headline offering at the June 3rd Bonham's Auction in Greenwich, Connecticut and the estimated sale price is between $65,000 – 75,000 USD.
If you'd like to read more about the car or register for the auction, click the link here.
For years, many of us puzzled about how something so stupid and destructive as the New Deal could have happened. The stock market crashed because it was over-inflated. That's nothing new. History is filled with credit-filled bubbles that pop. Resources are reallocated to reflect economic reality and we move on.
The New Deal was different. It actually began under Hoover, who initiated new spending programs and jobs programs, and tried to inflate the money supply and bail out the banks. He was blasted by FDR for his big government policies, and FDR won the election. Once in power, FDR went nuts, instituting a program of central planning that combined features of the Soviet and Fascist models.
It was one idiotic program after another. They tried to raise wages when they should have fallen. They tried to save banks that should have collapsed. They destroyed resources when they were most needed. They encouraged spending when people should have been saving. They smashed the dollar at a time when it needed to be shored up. They cartelized business when competition was most necessary.
What were the results? Economic growth went nowhere between 1933 and 1939, with real gross domestic product per adult still 27 percent below trend at the end. Per capita GDP was lower in 1939 than in 1929. Unemployment was at 17.2 percent in 1939. This was actually higher than it was in 1931. This is despite 100 percent increases in monetary expansion. Taxes had tripled. Employing people became ever more expensive due to unions and national income guarantees.
Every time the economy would bottom out and genuine recovery would begin, policy would knock it back down again. Other seeming upturns were entirely artificial: make work instead of real work, for example. Regimentation was everywhere, so that business couldn't compete, farmers were destroying livestock and crops on command, and dissidents were being ferreted out through police-state tactics.
In other words, the whole project was a massive dud. It turned what might have been a short downturn into a decade-long national calamity, the biggest cost of which was freedom itself. And then as a cover-up for the calamity, there was war. At last FDR found some use for those unemployed workers: send them to kill and be killed at taxpayer expense. As for wartime price controls and nationalization, it was the New Deal by other means.
(For a full account, with all the detail, in scintillating prose, see Flynn's Roosevelt Myth.)
Was it some sort of national insanity?
No, it was a power grab, and the current political moment shows precisely how this happens. A small group of elites, cut off from the broader reality, decide to finagle the system to serve themselves and their friends in the short term while forgetting the big picture and the long term. Sensible people try to point out obvious facts but their voices are drowned out.
But none of this happens without some philosophical rationale. Even before J.M. Keynes came along to give bad economic ideas a scientific gloss, the notion that government could gin up the economy with spending and inflation was pervasive. Laissez-faire economic theories had fallen out of favor with the elites who controlled the universities, print houses, and government agencies.
Many nutty ideas were in the air. It's remarkable to see how many pro-fascist books, for example, were in print in the 1920s and 30s. It was widely assumed that the future of the good society was bound up with the idea of “economic planning.” This was an interesting phrase. It covered all forms of socialism plus the interventionist state. Planning was the intellectual fashion, and there were very few dissidents.
Once the crisis hit, the intellectual reality became the political reality. (Higgs describes the process in Crisis and Leviathan.)
Now that we are living amidst this, it is easier to come to terms with how the New Deal came about. It makes those in the know feel completely helpless. We look at what is happening to bank reserves and we know what is coming. When the economy recovers — even if only cosmetically — and lending starts again, the internal dynamic of the fractional-reserve system will come into operation. We could be facing inflation at 10 percent or 20 percent or even much higher, depending on how spending psychology plays itself out.
Then we listen to speeches by the president-elect, who is going on about the great stimulus package he is going to push through Congress. It's like listening to one quack doctor propose bleeding the patient even as the last quack doctor who bled the patient is packing his bags to leave. You want to shout: is there a real doctor in the house? But it seems like no one is listening.
What's striking here is how the historians are the ones with power right now. Bush has gone nuts with inflation and intervention as a way of avoiding Hoover's fate, even though the actual historical record (as versus the historian's fantasies) shows that Herbert was the first New Dealer. Meanwhile, the Obama clique hopes to recreate the FDR disaster by following his plan detail by detail, even though the plan was stupid and didn't work.
To watch all this happening is like watching a slow-moving train headed over a cliff. The problem is that the engineers have earplugs in and blinders on.
Will this go on for ten years like the last time? Will it end in World War III, as if following some historical script? Is it possible that we will go the way of Germany in the 1920s, straight into the abyss of hyperinflation and into the hands of a ghastly dictator? It is unwise to rule it out.
And yet, I'm not that pessimistic. It is extremely crucial to realize that there is a difference this time. In the 1930s, technological limits put severe restrictions on information delivery. Government propaganda easily dominated the culture. All of that has changed. Despite everything, people simply do not trust the government as they once did. Obama will enjoy a short honeymoon but it will be over by summer.
What is missing today so far is the critical thing: a culture-wide love of liberty that is capable of intimidating and beating back the rogue regime. The conditions are right for this to actually happen, and to reverse the direction of politics today. But it will require all our efforts. Fortunately everyone has the opportunity today to make a difference.
I hope my own book will help make a difference.
The last words in Ludwig von Mises's book Socialism bear repeating.
“Everyone carries a part of society on his shoulders,” wrote Mises, “no one is relieved of his share of responsibility by others. And no one can find a safe way for himself if society is sweeping towards destruction. Therefore everyone, in his own interest, must thrust himself vigorously into the intellectual battle.”
Lew Rockwell Archives
The Best of Llewellyn H. Rockwell, Jr.
Matt Nagy and Dave Toub are among 12 coaches reportedly included on this year's list of recommended head coaching candidates compiled by the NFL Career Development Advisory Panel, according to a tweet posted Wednesday from Michael Lombardi of The Ringer.
The panel sends out recommendations for open head coaching spots each year, and Lombardi's tweet says Nagy and Toub are among this year's group, along with Patriots offensive coordinator Josh McDaniels and defensive coordinator Matt Patricia; Vikings offensive coordinator Pat Shurmur and defensive coordinator George Edwards; Eagles quarterbacks coach John DeFilippo and defensive coordinator Jim Schwartz; Panthers defensive coordinator Steve Wilks, Lions offensive coordinator Jim Bob Cooter, and Saints assistant head coach and tight ends coach Dan Campbell.
It's no surprise to see both Nagy and Toub on the list as they've been mentioned as possible head coaching candidates for months, if not longer. Nagy, the Chiefs offensive coordinator, has been a hot name among coaching speculation in recent weeks, and the success the Chiefs have had on offense as of late after he took over playcalling duties has only helped his cause. Toub, the Chiefs special teams coordinator since 2013, has been mentioned as a possibility for open head coaching jobs for at least the past two seasons.
With the usual flurry of head coach firings expected to happen around the time the season ends, expect to hear both Nagy and Toub's names in the news a lot in the weeks ahead. There seems to be a good chance that at least one of them could get their shot at a head coaching gig after the season.
Rep. Peter Roskam's move could throw a wrench into GOP leadership's plans to salvage their Obamacare replacement. | Getty Roskam rejects bid to revive failed GOP Obamacare repeal bill
Rep. Peter Roskam (R-Ill.), a former member of House Republican leadership, is leading a charge to bury Speaker Paul Ryan's Obamacare replacement once and for all and start over, multiple sources told POLITICO.
The move by the senior House Republican who sits on the Ways and Means committee could complicate any GOP leadership attempt to resurrect the bill that Ryan pulled from the floor Friday. Lawmakers and aides have suggested that Ryan and his top lieutenants might offer new changes to the American Health Care Act sought by conservatives and moderates in the hopes of garnering enough votes to pass it. Ryan would then try to pass the revised legislation through the chamber in the the coming weeks.
Story Continued Below
But during a closed-door GOP conference meeting Tuesday, Roskam argued that that would be short-sighted, according to multiple sources in the room. The former chief deputy whip said Republican leaders tried their own approach and it failed, and it would be fruitless to “double-down” on the same bill. House Republicans should instead write a bill that epitomizes Republican ideals, Roskam continued — regardless of whether it can pass Senate rules, sources said.
Roskam's move could throw a wrench into GOP leadership's plans to salvage their Obamacare replacement. It gives credence to a position espoused by the House Freedom Caucus, which has argued that Ryan wasn't open enough to input in crafting his bill and should go back to the drawing board.
Roskam pointed out that while members ran on Ryan's “Better Way agenda” last year, that plan was broad and didn't include policy details. The six-term lawmaker said leaders should have had a more open legislative process, including hearings and debate.
Senate leaders, meanwhile, were already suggesting Tuesday they would move on from the Obamacare replacement. And it's not clear whether Republicans have time to re-craft an entirely new bill. Congress will have to fund the government by the end of April, and there are other fights ahead over funding President Donald Trump's proposed border wall and launching tax reform.
An ambitious member who lost a bid for majority whip to Rep. Steve Scalise (R-La.) after then-Majority Leader Eric Cantor (R-Va.) lost his primary, Roskam is seen by many as a potential leadership contender some day. In 2015, he forced a House vote on President Barack Obama's nuclear agreement with Iran, which passed the House but not the Senate. The move praise from critics of Iran, inside and outside of Congress.
On Tuesday, Roskam was seen huddling with numerous members of the Freedom Caucus. He is not a member of the hard-line conservative group but is well respected among its members.
Sign up here for POLITICO Huddle A daily play-by-play of congressional news in your inbox. Email Sign Up By signing up you agree to receive email newsletters or alerts from POLITICO. You can unsubscribe at any time.
Roskam's effort comes at a pivotal time for Republicans. Freedom Caucus members have been blamed for the failed GOP alternative, though a number of moderates also opposed the bill. GOP leaders, sensing some remorse on the part of those members, have re-opened talks and are trying to gauge whether they can tweak the bill to bring it up again.
At the meeting with fellow lawmakers, Roskam said he understood why GOP leadership took the approach they did, which he called cautious and calculated. But trying again would be a strategic mistake, he said.
Roskam argued that Republicans should instead write an “aspirational bill” that incorporates everything the GOP has sought to do on health care— regardless of what the Senate can pass. That way, he said, members wouldn't have to defend taking a vote on what many viewed as a mediocre bill. It would also force the public's attention onto the Senate instead of the House, Roskam said.
After the bill failed in the Senate, Roskam said GOP leaders could then work backwards to winnow down what's possible instead of starting with a product no one is excited about.
Roskam's office did not return a call for comment.
Android devices are getting more powerful by the month. In just a short period of time, mobile gamers are no longer content to fill their time with ports of desktop flash games, or even decade-old Grand Theft Auto titles, and have come to expect 3D spin-offs that look somewhat convincingly like their PC equivalents. This is great, but there's a catch - it won't come free. If gamers want better games to come to mobile platforms, they're going to have to stop their moaning and buy the games as they come out. They can't all be free, and here's why.
Ads Are A Double-Edged Sword
Many gamers are perfectly content to download free games that are laden with ads. I don't understand this. Perhaps I've grown old and crotchety, but ads offend me. In nearly two decades of dedicated console and occasional PC gaming, I never had ads displayed inside my game window. Seeing them pop up anywhere near a gaming experience, even if it's just the title screen, is akin to opening up a novel and finding the first few pages lined with coupons. I wouldn't want to open up Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows to see adverts for black robes, and I feel the same about games.
I was going to buy one afterwards anyway , with or without ads.
That said, many of you don't mind ads in your games. That's fine, but indulging in ad-funded gaming just encourages the worst type of behavior from developers. While a developer could make a paid game, sell 10,000 copies, and bring in a halfway decent haul, ad-based games have to move shipments by the millions to bring in revenue. Since enticing millions of people to play your game is easier said than done, they're tempted to flood their games with even more obnoxious ads, and worse, in-app purchases. They want you to pay real money for fake money, so you can buy the uber-weapon that will defeat the mega-troll blocking the path to the ultra-castle, which will require you to spend more real money on more fake money in order to finish. While I'm okay with games throwing in unreasonable difficulty spikes (play any JRPG made in the 90s), expecting additional money from me as a reward for this behavior is a sham. We've fleshed out why IAPs are awful before, so I'm not going to spend too much time wailing on them now. That said...
IAPs Are Not Inherently Evil
While some apps completely abuse IAPs, that shouldn't be an indictment of the entire method of distribution. Some games, especially those that ship episodic releases, would benefit from transitioning to distributing content via IAPs instead. I don't need many icons in my app drawer all leading me to what is essentially one long game. If a developer decides they want to release a game with four sets of levels and charge 99 cents for all but the first set, then they've essentially distributed their game for $3 with installments paid for at your own pace. If buying levels after downloading a game upsets you, then buy them all as soon as you download the game and pretend it was one lump sum. You will still spend $3 either way. IAPs in paid games also aren't the end of the world. As long as the developer is upfront, and the content is reasonable, such IAPs aren't all that different from buying downloadable content on a console or PC.
And it could all be yours for just three payments of 99 cents! (Shipping and handling not included)
Unfortunately, casual mobile gamers have a difficult time conceptualizing paying for a game. This is the same problem PC game developers had when the market was young, as they were shipping content at a time when people generally viewed PCs as tools and video games as toys. People who buy video game consoles go into the purchase planning to pay upfront for games later on, and game developers can measure the size of their potential market just by looking at console sales. The same isn't true for smartphones. The majority of people who buy one don't view it as a gaming device, and many of those that do tend to view it as a way of flinging a couple birds at some pigs while they wait for the bus. A game developer looking to release a graphically intensive role-playing game isn't going to reach these people regardless of how awesome their game turns out. And while tablets may be more likely to entice buyers to install a game or two, they don't ship nearly as many units as smartphones do.
I don't have to spend $3 to go play chess. I'm not about to spend that much to fling some birds!
IAPs, done right, serve as a potential solution to this problem. A developer can offer some content for free, and as long as they are transparent about it, dedicated gamers know to buy the complete game afterwards. This isn't too different from the shareware model that used to be quite common on PCs. It enticed enough people into playing games on their PCs until the idea of gaming on a computer wasn't that weird any more (it never was that weird, really, as any older nerd from that time would tell you). Android devices are at the stage now where they can serve as our primary gaming devices, but only if we show developers that it is worth their time to invest in creating games that genuinely take advantage of the hardware. How do we do that? Well, we're going to have to accept some hard truths.
$4.99 Is Not Too High A Price
Sega just ported Crazy Taxi to Android and only wants less than the cost of cab fare for their effort. This is a full-blown port of a rather complex game, one that would have eaten all of your quarters at an arcade or set you back $50 on a console (it has been brought to my attention that Crazy Taxi didn't actually launch at $50 like most first-party titles, but you get the idea). That Sega invested the time it takes to make it a touch-friendly experience that works across a wide number of Android devices and only wants a fiver for it is an absolute steal.
Likewise, Rovio Stars just released Tiny Thief, a gorgeous 2D stealth-based adventure game that bleeds personality. No, it's not a console-style game, but there is nothing lazy about its presentation. This is a quality game available for $2.99. There's no free version, nor is there a demo. And you know what? That's fine. On any other platform, gamers would accept this and buy the game anyway, especially at such a low price.
Smartphones may be small, but that doesn't mean they're cheap to develop for. These things are mobile computers, and for some of us, they're more powerful than the laptops sitting on our desks. Tablets are capable of packing even more power. If people want games with console-quality graphics, and they want them to be both ad and IAP-free, then they're going to have to pay for them, and they're going to have to pay more. 2k Games ported XCOM to iOS and wanted $19.99 for their trouble. The game's not as attractive as the console and PC versions, but it contains the majority of the same gameplay at a fraction of the cost. All thing's considered, it's pretty cheap.
Square Enix also charges up to the same amount for many of its Android titles. Still, even if we don't see a massive influx of $20 ports in the immediate future, we shouldn't complain as more intensive mobile games gradually start costing $4.99, $6.99, and $9.99. Take a moment to look at the gorgeous Bounty Arms, now available for $4.99. This is the kind of content we want to see more of (actually, no, the game turned out to be quite the disappointment). If we want developers to start taking Android seriously as a gaming platform, we have to make it worth their while. Otherwise we can't complain when Rovio releases another freemium title loaded with ads and IAP. It pays the bills after we've proven that we refuse to do the same.
So What Are You Waiting For?
Go buy a game or two. No, it doesn't have to be right now. Save up and drop ten bucks on that "expensive" Android game that you would have considered an impulse buy on any other console. And if you're really committed, consider giving the NVIDIA Shield, a M.O.J.O., or even the Ouya a go. Picking any of those up is comparable to buying a traditional console, and it gives developers a slight idea of what their installed base of dedicated players is. That will then benefit all Android gamers as more titles are released for the platform, and people will have the choice to play them in the manner they find most comfortable - whether that's using touch controls on a tiny screen or a Bluetooth controller synched to a tablet that's plugged into an HDTV. The future looks bright, but we have to open our wallets to make it happen.
Softball's been eliminated from the Olympics (mostly because the U.S. is too good at it) which makes the World Cup Of Softball the sport's premier international event. Last night's 3-0 championship win over Australia continued to prove American dominance in softball, and no play demonstrates it more than Michelle Moultrie's fifth-inning bases-empty bunt that led to the third U.S. run.
You could take the glass-full approach and call this an inside-the-park bunt home run, but we'll be more realistic and call it a rare four-base error. Either way, Moultrie's speed is astounding in a sport not known for its athleticism and it's hard to think of many athletes, male or female, who could round a softball diamond as quickly as she does. Seriously, watch it again, and admire the speed. [ESPN2]
h/t to Lynn
A quick raise of hands by the staff here at Twitchy shows we're pretty staunchly anti-communist, and it was patently offensive for several blue-checkmarks to liken the antifa in Charlottesville to World War II veterans and Allied soldiers storming Normandy.
But we'll pass on the planned March Against Communism in Charlotte this December, which will reportedly feature as a speaker white nationalist Richard Spencer and might include a torch march, just like the one in Charlottesville. In fact, seeing as it's 2017, we'll pass on any event other than the Olympics where participants carry torches. Especially citronella tiki torches from Home Depot.
Anti-communist group says it is planning Charlotte torch march, rally in December https://t.co/wzglFyXNZi — Adam Bell (@abell) September 23, 2017
These folks aren't coming to #CLT to debate economic theory. This is a white nationalist group using very thin coverhttps://t.co/9eepqQvbvJ — Sen. Jeff Jackson (@JeffJacksonNC) September 23, 2017
We're not big on endorsing Democrats either, but Sen. Jeff Jackson seems to have it right. White supremacists light their tiki torches and have a rally, which compels members of the antifa to gear up in their masks and hoodies and self-righteously punch Nazis.
So now, the white supremacists are going to have an “anti-communist rally” to fight back against the communists who show up with bats and pepper spray at every white supremacist rally. To paraphrase Charlottesville Mayor Mike Signer … everybody, just stay home. Like normal people.
OK, if you're really hot on going, here's the poster:
But seriously, surely there will be better things to do on Dec. 28. President Trump certainly could have been more eloquent about it, but yes, there is more than one side involved in this clown show, and neither one deserves the oxygen it's been getting. Let them fight on pay-per-view or something and donate the money to hurricane victims.
Hey I hope all 15 of you have fun https://t.co/rQ1dWRqs4K — Ｂｏｎｅｌｅｓｓ (@iamLoafman) September 21, 2017
This will kick off. They're taking torches again. ???? https://t.co/nBZPvfT7ed — Brexiteer Gent ?? (@Nationalism4UK) September 21, 2017
"we /MAY/ just have a torch rally afterwards"
hi guys , so, we have like tiki torches, that makes the abs looks ? in the moonlight, no homo https://t.co/aSpOBp8Juy — Maximilian Këksmarck (@M_Konigsmarck) September 21, 2017
* * *
Related:
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
DERRY TOWNSHIP, Pa. - Superheroes swung high above the streets in Dauphin County on a mission to make sick children happy. Spider-Man, Captain America, Superman, and Batman repelled down the side of the Penn State Hershey Children's Hospital-- trading in their special powers for window washing equipment.
"My favorite superhero is Batman," 8-year-old Kane Wolf said, "and I never saw superheroes here before."
The foursome joined forces to fight window grime and bring a smile to the faces of staff, patients and their families.
"It's so much more than these guys washing windows, or dressing up as superheroes," Child Life Manager Ashely Kane said. "They really brighten the day of everyone in the hospital."
After completing their window-washing duties, the heroes met with their fans on the ground. Window washer John Peiffer, who dressed up as Spider-Man, says they want to raise awareness for the children.
"Kids are the real heroes because they're fighting everyday here for their cause which is life," Peiffer said, "and it's good to raise awareness for such a good cause. So if we can raise a little awareness, and brighten some childrens' day, that makes our day, and our year."
Logan Lovett is one of those heroes at Penn State Hershey who is battling cancer. His mother says the superheroes' appearance Wednesday morning, made a big impact on her son.
"He's had radiation today," Logan mom Galadriel Lovett said, "and it was really rough, so he's pretty excited."
This is the second year the window washers have taken on this mission.
Twisting a screwdriver, removing a bottle cap, and peeling a banana are just a few simple tasks that are tricky to pull off single-handedly. Now a new wrist-mounted robot can provide a helping hand — or rather, fingers.
Researchers at MIT have developed a robot that enhances the grasping motion of the human hand. The device, worn around one's wrist, works essentially like two extra fingers adjacent to the pinky and thumb. A novel control algorithm enables it to move in sync with the wearer's fingers to grasp objects of various shapes and sizes. Wearing the robot, a user could use one hand to, for instance, hold the base of a bottle while twisting off its cap.
“This is a completely intuitive and natural way to move your robotic fingers,” says Harry Asada, the Ford Professor of Engineering in MIT's Department of Mechanical Engineering. “You do not need to command the robot, but simply move your fingers naturally. Then the robotic fingers react and assist your fingers.”
Ultimately, Asada says, with some training people may come to perceive the robotic fingers as part of their body — “like a tool you have been using for a long time, you feel the robot as an extension of your hand.” He hopes that the two-fingered robot may assist people with limited dexterity in performing routine household tasks, such as opening jars and lifting heavy objects. He and graduate student Faye Wu presented a paper on the robot this week at the Robotics: Science and Systems conference in Berkeley, Calif.
Biomechanical synergy
The robot, which the researchers have dubbed “supernumerary robotic fingers,” consists of actuators linked together to exert forces as strong as those of human fingers during a grasping motion.
To develop an algorithm to coordinate the robotic fingers with a human hand, the researchers first looked to the physiology of hand gestures, learning that a hand's five fingers are highly coordinated. While a hand may reach out and grab an orange in a different way than, say, a mug, just two general patterns of motion are used to grasp objects: bringing the fingers together, and twisting them inwards. A grasp of any object can be explained through a combination of these two patterns.
The researchers hypothesized that a similar “biomechanical synergy” may exist not only among the five human fingers, but also among seven. To test the hypothesis, Wu wore a glove outfitted with multiple position-recording sensors, and attached to her wrist via a light brace. She then scavenged the lab for common objects, such as a box of cookies, a soda bottle, and a football.
Wu grasped each object with her hand, then manually positioned the robotic fingers to support the object. She recorded both hand and robotic joint angles multiple times with various objects, then analyzed the data, and found that every grasp could be explained by a combination of two or three general patterns among all seven fingers.
The researchers used this information to develop a control algorithm to correlate the postures of the two robotic fingers with those of the five human fingers. Asada explains that the algorithm essentially “teaches” the robot to assume a certain posture that the human expects the robot to take.
Bringing robots closer to humans
For now, the robot mimics the grasping of a hand, closing in and spreading apart in response to a human's fingers. But Wu would like to take the robot one step further, controlling not just position, but also force.
“Right now we're looking at posture, but it's not the whole story,” Wu says. “There are other things that make a good, stable grasp. With an object that looks small but is heavy, or is slippery, the posture would be the same, but the force would be different, so how would it adapt to that? That's the next thing we'll look at.”
Wu also notes that certain gestures — such as grabbing an apple — may differ slightly from person to person, and ultimately, a robotic aid may have to account for personal grasping preferences. To that end, she envisions developing a library of human and robotic gesture correlations. As a user works with the robot, it could learn to adapt to match his or her preferences, discarding others from the library. She likens this machine learning to that of voice-command systems, like Apple's Siri.
“After you've been using it for a while, it gets used to your pronunciation so it can tune to your particular accent,” Wu says. “Long-term, our technology can be similar, where the robot can adjust and adapt to you.”
“This is breaking new ground on the question of how humans and robots interact,” says Matthew Mason, director of the Robotics Institute at Carnegie Mellon University, who was not involved in the research. “It is a novel vision, and adds to the many ways that robotics can change our perceptions of ourselves."
Down the road, Asada says the robot may also be scaled down to a less bulky form.
“This is a prototype, but we can shrink it down to one-third its size, and make it foldable,” Asada says. “We could make this into a watch or a bracelet where the fingers pop up, and when the job is done, they come back into the watch. Wearable robots are a way to bring the robot closer to our daily life.”
The European Union placed more Ukrainians and Russians under sanctions on Monday, accusing them of "undermining or threatening" Ukraine's independence.
The new list - published on the Official Journal of the European Communities (OJEC) at 8.30 a.m. GMT - places "restrictive measures" on 28 people or organizations, including Russia's First Deputy Minister of Defense, Arkady Bakhin.
Also on the list was Deputy Minister of Defense Anatoly Antonov and Andrei Kartapolov, the deputy chief of the general staff of the Russian armed forces. The sanctions are due to come into effect immediately.
The new penalties are part of an ongoing program by the European Union, but come just days after a cease-fire was announced in Ukraine. Military conflict with Russian separatists has been one of the biggest factors weighing on markets in recent months, but despite the cease-fire some of the rebels have not observed the truce, according to reports.
The Russian Foreign Ministry said that Moscow would "adequately" respond to the sanctions, according to Reuters. It added that the measures contradicted common sense and would not result in a solution to the conflict in eastern Ukraine.
On the West Coast, Stanford sailing claimed the Pacific Coast Conference championship, and on the East Coast, the Cardinal finished fifth at the Match Race National Championships over the weekend.
Stanford's Romain Screve, Elena VandenBerg and Jack Parkin went 7-2 during the round robin competition at the Match Race national championships in South Carolina.
That earned the Cardinal the No. 2 seed entering the quarterfinals as only host Charleston was better (10-0).
Stanford won the first race of its quarterfinal against Boston College, but dropped three of the next four to fall out of competition for the Cornelluis Shields Sr. Trophy.
Screve, VandenBerg and Parkin rebounded to defeat Georgetown and Navy to finish fifth among the 10 schools.
Stanford won the Pacific Coast Conference championship by one point over the host Santa Barabara Gauchos.
It came down to the final race as Stanford finished with 66 points to the host's 67. Skipper Will La Dow and crew Taylor Kirkpatrick won the A Division with just 17 points, while the junior duo of skipper William Marshall and crew Cassie Obel never finished lower than third and won the B Division with just 14 points in seven races.
Skipper Russell Clarida and crew Madeline Bubb were fourth in the C Division with 35 points.
Stanford led the Gauchos by three points with two races remaining, and finished second in both to clinch the championship by one point.
The event is also scored with only two divisions for intersectional berth selection seeding, which Stanford won by a comfortable margin with just 31 points -- second-place Santa Barbara finished with 49 points among the A and B Divisions.
Stanford also finished 12th with its second team at the PCC championships. Mimi El-Khazindar and Meg Gerli were ninth in the A Division with 61 points, Stephanie Houck and Olivia Gugliemini were fourth in the B Division with 43 points.
Top climber perishes in Himalayan avalanche
Updated
A top Russian climber, who scaled many of the world's highest peaks, has died in the Himalayas after being swept away by an avalanche.
Sergei Cherezov was caught up by an avalanche when his five-member team from the Siberian region of Krasnoyarsk set out to climb the 7,059-metre peak Tulagi on Friday.
"Sergei Cherezov got caught up in an avalanche which occurred at an elevation of 6,000 metres," the Krasnoyarsk government said in a statement.
The body of the climber, who was in his early 40s, was brought to the Nepalese capital Kathmandu by helicopter on Sunday.
The rest of the team consisting of the four climbers and a doctor made a decision to cut short their expedition and were returning to Kathmandu by foot.
The body of Mr Cherezov, who is survived by a wife and son, will be flown to Russia as soon as all the necessary paperwork is complete, said the regional department for sports, tourism and youth policies.
The Russian Climbing Federation said the tragedy happened on a "simple snow slope" when the climbers were not tethered to one another and a board slipped from under Mr Cherezov.
The federation said the multiple Russia champion scaled many of the top peaks and called his death "a very heavy loss".
AFP
Topics: avalanche, nepal, russian-federation
First posted
As soon as Fall hits, I cannot stop thinking about all of the recipes I'm going make, using pumpkins, sweet potatoes, and various squashes. This is a recipe that is full of protein, flavour, and a little bit of sweetness from the maple syrup. It is hearty, but at the same time not too filling, and is perfect for a cool Fall evening.
Ingredients:
Chickpeas
1 can of chickpeas (540 mL) 3 sage leaves, chopped 1 sprig of rosemary 2 sprigs of oregano 2 tbsp of maple syrup
Quinoa mixture
2 cups of water 1/2 cup of quinoa 3/4 butternut squash, chopped into medium cubes 1 1/2 tbsp of maple syrup 2 sage leaves, chopped 1 sprig of rosemary
Method:
Preheat the oven to 400˚F In a mixing bowl, toss chickpeas, herbs, and maple syrup Roast chickpeas in oven for 40 minutes or until crispy Bring 2 cups of water to bowl Add butternut squash and quinoa and bring water to simmer After about 10 minutes, begin stirring frequently to mash up the squash Simmer until water has been absorbed Mix in roasted chickpeas and cranberries and keep mixture on heat for about 2 minutes Add pepper, to taste Serve
Advertisements
I returned home from a very tiring weekend among relatives to find a slightly-bulging box in my mail slot. Since I don't know anyone from California (and my Redditname is on the label), this must be my Secret Santa gift!
I don't know much about these items but I'll try to describe them as best I can. PLEASE CHECK THE PICTURES. IF YOU CAN HELP IDENTIFY THESE ITEMS, LET ME KNOW.
So, first up is a die-cast car toy. The package says "MARIOKART Wii" which is probably some cartoon show or something I'm not familiar with. There must have been a mix-up at the factory, because the angry fat man on the packaging is not the same as the dapper gorilla I got.
Then there's also a box of what look like Magic the Gathering cards. Apparently it has two "White Kyurem" cards in it (I have no idea what that means, must be pretty good? I don't know anything about these characters). I don't play Magic, but the shiny cards could be used to make a pimpin' card house.
My Santa clearly tried his best, and I am very thankful for these interesting items I received. I hope this write-up and the pictures bring as big a smile to my Santa's face as his gifts brought to mine. Thanks, Patrick!
(If you're still a bit lost - no worries, the gifts are perfect! Please excuse me while I go rip these things open and geek out for a bit.)
The cyber law awareness in India is spreading among the Indian judiciary. Indian judiciary is actively taking part in making the Indian cyber law more appropriate and reasonable. Recently, the Delhi High Court recommended setting up of a statutory regulatory body for regulating the electronic media.
Even the Supreme Court of India is hearing a public interest litigation to ask Indian government to formulate regulations and guidelines for effective investigation of cyber crimes in India. Now the Supreme Court of India has sought response from the central government over blocking of porn websites in India, especially those dealing with child pornography.
Websites blocking in India is a tricky issue. This is so because websites blocking in India is mainly a judicial act. However, judicial decisions for blocking of websites in India are not always very reasoned and reasonable. The truth is that India judiciary, cyber law and websites blocking in India is still far from perfect.
There is no second opinion that Indian government can and should block offending websites. For instance, the Indian government is considering fraudulent multi level marketing companies' regulation in India. In order to make it effective the Indian government has announced the possible blocking of the websites of suspected multi level marketing companies' in India.
Although Indian government has very vast and unregulated websites blocking powers yet these powers are either not exercised at all or they are exercised with utter disregard to constitutional protections. There is nothing that restricts the Indian government to ban and block pornography websites in India but the government has failed to do so till now.
Take the example of e-commerce websites of India that are promoting publication of soft porn on their websites. For instance, the e-commerce sites selling adult merchandise in India are committing criminal offences and Indian government is not doing anything in this regard. Similarly, the e-commerce websites frauds, offences and crimes in India have increased significantly yet Indian government has failed to take punitive action against such websites.
Cyber litigations against foreign websites would increase in India as that is the natural trend to follow. Very recently the summoning orders for CEO of maxim magazine for obscene morphed picture were quashed by Delhi High Court. Even media is promoting soft porn in India.
In this background, the efforts of Indian Supreme Court are worth praising. The Supreme Court has sought response from the government on a plea to block and ban porn sites on the Internet, particularly those showing child pornography.
A bench headed by Chief Justice Altamas Kabir issued notices to Ministries of Information and Technology, Information and Broadcasting and Home Affairs and Internet Service Providers Association of India on a petition seeking to bring an anti-pornography law.
The petition filed by Indore-based advocate Kamlesh Vaswani said watching obscene videos are not an offence but it is one of the major causes for crime against women. At the beginning, the bench was reluctant to entertain the petition on the ground that the issue could be dealt under the information technology act 2000.
However, senior advocate M N Krishnamani, appearing for the petitioner, informed the Court that filing complaint under the cyber law was not the solution as certain provisions in it are ultra vires of the Constitution. In fact, it has also been suggested by some experts that the cyber law of India should be repealed as it contains many unconstitutional provisions that cannot stand the constitutional scrutiny.
We would report more on this issue once the Indian government files its response.
The San Diego district attorney's office declined to bring charges against a student accused of sexual assault, but that didn't stop his university from keeping his suspension in place for months afterward.
Francisco Paiva Sousa was arrested for alleged sexual assault on Dec. 9, 2014, but posted bail. Charges were dismissed on Jan. 28. The district attorney declined to give a reason for dropping the charges.
Despite the dropped charges, the school Sousa attended, San Diego State University, kept his suspension in place while it continued its own investigation into the matter. When Sousa was first arrested, the school sent out a campus-wide email about the arrest. But it didn't send a follow-up email announcing that the charges had been dropped or that the suspension had been lifted after finding the allegations to be unsubstantiated.
Sousa, a transfer student from Portugal, sued the university to try and learn the evidence against him and the specific accusation. Sousa's attorney says he will now sue SDSU for his legal fees, which are estimated to be roughly $100,000.
It's a chilling lesson for any student accused of sexual assault: Unless your parents have the money or are willing to go broke, you may not be able to afford justice.
Sousa's suspension was originally lifted in June, but he and his attorney waited to make an announcement until after the school's appeal process had ended. His accuser had appealed the decision.
At the time Sousa was arrested and had his name plastered across the media, a dozen other women had made sexual assault accusations at SDSU (not against Sousa). His attorney believes Sousa may have been treated differently because of this.
"Francisco was, I think, the first and most prominent person that they caught when they threw out their net," attorney Domenic Lombardo said.
Sousa has been taking classes at a different university and does not plan to return to SDSU.
city centre
ALMOST 700,000 households that are on the public water network have failed to register with Irish Water, with the deadline due to fall on Monday.
The Herald can reveal that only around 171,000 households registered after the reduced price structures were announced by the Government on November 20.
Irish Water has claimed that 1.04 million households have now "validated their info".
But it said that only 79pc of that figure, or 821,600, were on the public water mains and are considered customers of the semi-state.
grim
The utility estimates that around 1.5 million households across the country are on the public network, meaning that in the region of 678,400 of those have not registered.
The figures will make for some grim reading for the Government, which had hoped the new charges would encourage people to supply their details to the embattled company.
By the end of the first week of November, when higher charges were still being proposed, 828,000 homes had validated their information with Irish Water.
hnews@herald.ie
Whether or not you are a fan of the first installment of the Star Wars prequels, you have to see what [Lorenz Lnggrtnr] and [Renee Hoffmeister] have put together for the movie's 3D debut.
In an attempt to capture the essence of Star Wars in a new fashion, they constructed a large barrel organ from Lego bricks that plays the movie's legendary opening theme when turned. The barrel is separated into four parts, each representing one of the series' iconic settings in plastic block form.
Hoth, the Death Star, Tatooine, and Endor are all featured on the organ, with each environment's structures playing specific notes from the song. As the barrel turns each Lego structure toggles a note to be played on the attached organ, via a “reading” mechanism built from metal arms and Lego tires.
It looks fantastic, and sounds pretty decent too. Be sure to stick around for a short video that shows off the barrel organ in action.
[via Wired]
By Rob Morse
California – -(Ammoland.com)- Politicians make political profit by passing ineffective laws. I study firearms laws, so that is where I noticed it first. When it comes to violence in our society, a politician doesn't need to actually improve things with their legislation. In fact, the next gun law they pass can actually make things worse rather than better.
We buy our politics like an impulse shopper. We don't look beyond the packaging to see what is really inside.
Politicians live in a world of vague images and impressions about the stated intent of their proposed law. All the politician really needs is a good headline. He will even write the headline for the media.. if the media lets him. Favorable media coverage helps the politician get political donations. Campaign cash is the real goal of legislation. That is a far cry from actually doing the people's business and controlling criminal violence on our streets.
You and I live in the real world where a politician can't do very much. The reasons are simple enough. When it comes to controlling violence, criminals don't obey the law. That is a problem for the average unarmed citizen, but violent crime is actually an opportunity for the politician. More laws and controls are always the solution.. no matter what the problem. All that matters is that the politician's press release spins well enough for the fawning news media.
This problem is widespread. A gullible news media and short attention span voters can be found from coast to coast and border to border. The only solution I see is to have a smaller government and to be a better consumer of political news. Pay attention to what your politicians do.
Our politicians won't change unless we change them. Our politicians will only stop lying when they are caught and shamed.
You're right. It was a cheap shot to post Hillary's picture, but she is the poster child for lying politicians.
Here are several more examples of political hypocrisy that needs to stop.
No city is immune.
I can see it now. There are headline-surfing anti-rights voters out there saying that we should pass a new law to make criminals obey the old law.
Sigh. And another politician found his low-information voters and smiles.
I'll make is simple for you. Gun laws can only infringe on the rights of law abiding gun owners because honest gun owners are the only ones who obey gun laws. Criminals don't. Crime won't drop by telling criminals it is illegal to own guns. Criminals don't care because they break the law for a living. Failed firearms prohibition only makes it more cumbersome for honest citizens to protect themselves. Is that failure a flaw in the law.. or is it a feature that was designed in from the start?
That may be the political intent all along.
~_~_
About Rob Morse: By day, Rob Morse works as a mild mannered engineer for a Southern California defense contractor. By night he writes about gun rights at Ammoland, at Clash Daily and on his SlowFacts blog. He is an NRA pistol instructor and combat handgun competitor.
Get the latest from TODAY Sign up for our newsletter
April 26, 2016, 4:45 PM GMT / Source: TODAY By Ree Hines
"Full House" was a must-see sitcom in the '80s and '90s, at least for most of us. But somehow star Dave Coulier skipped out on watching the hit series — and even the new Netflix sequel, "Fuller House," too.
Coulier, aka Uncle Joey, visited TODAY Tuesday and confessed he's just never gotten around to it.
"I will someday," he insisted. "I'm sure I'll be hooked up to monitors: 'Put that show I was on — put it on!'"
But all joking aside, Coulier said, "I'm kind of like the last person I want to watch."
ABC via Getty Images
MORE: Have mercy! John Stamos reveals how he got his 'Full House' catchphrase
He managed to get a peek at a couple of early episodes of the original show back when his now-25-year-old son was still a little boy.
"My son grew up on 'Full House,'" he explained. "He used to call it 'daddy's show.' He'd say, 'Can I watch daddy's show?'"
Daddy, however, didn't pay much attention to the TV. But he vows to right that wrong eventually.
Dave Coulier on the TODAY show, 04/26/2016 TODAY
"Someday I'll have my binge-watching," he said.
Until then, fans can binge-watch him on the first season of "Fuller House" — and he'll settle for watching that show from the other side of the camera.
"I'm actually going to direct one of the episodes of 'Fuller House' this year," Coulier revealed. "I'm looking forward to that."
MORE: 'Full House' cast reunites to cheer up Donald Trump on 'The Tonight Show'
Filming for Season 2 kicks off in just a few weeks.
"It's exciting," he said. "It's surreal at the same time, being back in the house, back at Warner Bros. It's so much fun. What a gift to be able to work with people who I truly love!"
Follow Ree Hines on Twitter.
Bill Cosby's lawyers fought back Tuesday, asserting in a legal filing that he has been damaged by news media accounts that they said inaccurately portrayed him as having testified that he used powerful sedatives to drug women so he could molest them.
In Mr. Cosby's first public defense since parts of his deposition in a 2005 lawsuit became public this month, his lawyers said he had actually “admitted to nothing more than being one of the many people who introduced Quaaludes into their consensual sex life in the 1970s.”
“Quaaludes were a highly popular recreational drug in the 1970s, labeled in slang as ‘disco biscuits,' and known for their capacity to increase sexual arousal,” the court filing said.
The lawyers cited several news articles that they contended had misconstrued Mr. Cosby's testimony, and they blamed the woman who had accused him of drugging and molesting her in 2005, Andrea Constand, a Temple University basketball manager. The case was settled in 2006, and the parties agreed to keep documents from the case confidential as part of the settlement.
Three years ago in March 2010, southeast Australia was still in the grip of “the big dry” or the “millennium drought” - billed as the worst drought since European settlement. Dams across the Murray-Darling Basin were down to only 25% of capacity. Then the floods came, followed by yet more floods.
Five months ago, the dams were 95% full. Since then, several thousands of gigalitres have been released and today the dams sit at around 70% - almost exactly the level they sat in 2001 when the drought first started to bite. Meanwhile, governments have spent billions of dollars trying to prepare Australia for the next dry, but the complexity of droughts means we have little hope of being ready.
The millennium drought
A recently published study, which I co-authored, analysed climate, water, economic and satellite data to try to determine the impacts of the millennium drought from 2001 to 2009.
The millennium drought was unique in being both widespread and protracted. Had it been more local, the Murray River might not have been as affected. Entire floodplain forests died along the rivers of the Murray-Darling Basin; for many of them, the drought was just the final straw. Some of them had not seen a flood for decades.
There were also some surprises; for example, that the terminal lakes of the Murray River would become truly terminal, turning into shrinking brine pools, leaving toxic acid soils in their wake. There was even a “happy” surprise: the drought put a stop to rising groundwater levels and river salinity and the Murray-Darling Basin Authority had no trouble achieving its salinity targets. (Unfortunately it did not help the ultimate aim: to protect the Murray River and Adelaide's drinking water.)
In trying to determine what was behind the low rainfall, we found only partial answers. In northeast Australia, the El Niño cycle could explain most of the observed drought conditions. In southeast Australia it was mainly a lack of autumn and winter rainfall that contributed to the protracted drought. This may have been caused by natural cycles in the Pacific ocean or by the same global weather system changes that are drying out southwest Australia and are consistent with climate models. We found some support for both ideas. In any case, it means we may have to assume that these new climate conditions are not going to change back anytime soon.
Are we prepared?
In reaction to the millennium drought the Australian government has spent more than $25 billion to improve irrigation infrastructure, buy back water entitlements, improve water information, help to struggle farmers, build new desalination plants, modify and expand water supply systems, and commission research, development and planning studies.
New laws were also introduced, the National Water Commission and the Murray-Darling Basin Authority were created, and new staff appointed in various government departments and agencies. When it's all combined, each of us will be chipping in well over $1500 in tax and water bills to pay for it.
You might think that these government measures will prepare us for the next drought. Unfortunately, that is unlikely.
Our study made clear that droughts are wickedly complex disasters, that each is bad in a different way, and that we basically have very few means to prevent their impacts.
For starters, each new big drought is likely to be the “worst on record” in some new way and bring its own surprises. This is partly because severe droughts are by definition rare; on average they happen once every 20 years or so. Over such long periods, our collective memory fades and society changes.The WWII drought was about as bad as the one we just had, but a lot of things changed in our society in between.
AAP Image/Dean Lewins
Each new drought is also unique because drought severity can be measured in three different dimensions: how widespread they are, how deep they bite, and for how long they grind us down. In that last respect, the millennium drought was a shocker.
Each drought is different
The drought affected Australia in so many different ways, and interacted with so many other events and changes, that often we have no way of knowing what a similar drought would have done 20 years ago, or what it will do 20 years from now. Many impacts can be explained in hindsight. But being able to explain the impacts, does not mean we understand them well enough to predict them. And if we cannot predict the impacts, there is little hope that we can prevent them.
For example, we could estimate that Australia's dry land wheat production was 20% lower during the drought years than it would have been under average conditions. Despite that, total wheat production still went up, because farmers continued to innovate and expand cropping area. Increasing atmospheric carbon dioxide levels may also have helped the crops.
The study found that the reduced river outflows and lack of flooding were literally made two times worse because of the way the dams and weirs were operated. Don't blame the river managers: the operating procedures were designed to secure water for the people and businesses relying on it, not to make the river flood. The recent decision to set aside 2750 gigalitres per year for the environment will not dramatically turn this around. And then, for some floodplain forests the recent floods may have come too late; they may be gone forever.
The water and drought policy reforms so far have certainly not inoculated us against drought, and progress on the thorniest issues appears to be stalling. Better drought monitoring and forecasting systems are being put in place by the Bureau of Meteorology. They may be ready in time to warn us for the next big drought, but will not stop it.
Some politicians still have their pipe dreams, believing we can drought-proof Australia by pumping water from the wet north. That may be possible in theory, but will we fill the rivers and drench our dry lands with it? The costs would be astronomical, not to mention the side effects. As Wentworth Group member John Williams put it, perhaps it is time we myth-proof Australia instead. Maybe we should stop trying to fight droughts, and start living with them.
Regardless, the next drought will likely bring some new nasty surprises and break some record or other. What is a fairly safe bet is that temperatures will have risen further by then. The 2003 summer heat waves in Europe and subsequent summer heat waves in the US, Russia and China have shown that increasingly, droughts and heat waves will go hand in hand.
With the dams sitting almost exactly where they were before the big dry, it seems we are primed for the even bigger dry.
Thank you all for joining us on the incredible journey that was 2017. To celebrate our combined success and to kick off 2018 in proper SpankChain fashion, we're hosting a free live cam show beginning New Years Day at 1:00pm PST over on SpankChain.com.
We're big believers in trust-but-verify, and we'd like to verify Agora's “thousands of viewers” claim. So from 1:00pm — 2:00pm PST Giselle Palmer will take the stage and Lena Paul will close out the show from 2:00pm — 3:00pm PST.
The show will be donation based via Metamask so please view in Google Chrome if you'd like to splurge a little of those 2017 gains and show your support.
Connect with SpankChain
To learn more about SpankChain please visit our website, follow us on Twitter, Facebook, Instagram, and join our growing Discord community.
BY: Follow @DavidRutz
A cartoon published by Politico on Tuesday mocks Texans being rescued from flooding damage as God-obsessed, Confederate Tea Partiers who show insufficient appreciation for the government's assistance.
In the work by left-leaning cartoonist Matt Wuerker, a man with a Confederate flag t-shirt and a Tea Party flag is air-lifted from his flooded home on a helicopter. To complete the unsubtle imagery, the man's home contains a Texas flag reading, "Secede."
He yells, "Angels! Sent by God!" as he is taken to safety, while a disgruntled Coast Guard worker says, "Er, actually Coast Guard … sent by the government."
The online response was overwhelmingly negative, with observers saying it was nasty, mean-spirited, and an inaccurate portrayal of Houston, which tends to vote Democratically.
This "cartoon" from @politico @wuerker is vile and contemptible. Disgusting beyond civil words. https://t.co/H1AhZKJQYG — Michael Q Sullivan (@MQSullivan) August 30, 2017
So, if something happens to, say, CA, will @politico do a cartoon saying they don't want help from their fellow man because they ❤️ gov? — Amelia (@AmeliaHammy) August 30, 2017
You've obviously never been to Texas. Garbage person = garbage cartoon. — JCF (@jcfris1) August 30, 2017
I can't believe someone looked at that cartoon and said "Yeah publish that!!" — Heather (@hboulware) August 30, 2017
This is the most ignorant political cartoon I've seen in years. Shameful really. — Savage Prime (@mcballz) August 30, 2017
The only ignorance and stupidity I see here is the kind coming out of @politico. Retract and apologize. This is disgusting. @wuerker too. https://t.co/CL5rLs6JIV — Brandon Morse (@TheBrandonMorse) August 30, 2017
The secessionist movement is now more of a California thing. Will you be mocking them too? — Ken Webster Jr (@ProducerKen) August 30, 2017
Congratulations, you hired the woke equivalent of the Onion's cartoonist pic.twitter.com/jV1IdNOLfi — David Burge (@iowahawkblog) August 30, 2017
So, @wueker, apparently you don't know any Christians… or that Houston tends to be pretty liberal? — (((Aaron Worthing))) (@AaronWorthing) August 30, 2017
This is how people like @wuerker at @politico see Texas No matter people are drowning as we speak, they have to get their stupid insults in pic.twitter.com/s8ob8DP8ju — Cameron Gray (@Cameron_Gray) August 30, 2017
The very epitome of political bigotry aimed directly at people in peril. Way to go, geniuses.https://t.co/TZ91O817mM — D.W.Robinson (@_DWRobinson) August 30, 2017
Houston and Harris County went hard for Hillary. Grind your ax somewhere else. pic.twitter.com/uwoEvQZ5BR — The leaks are real (@kylejack) August 30, 2017
.@politico's staff cartoonist has never actually met anyone from Texas, apparently. https://t.co/vt5WGrAcU6 — Ian Tuttle (@iptuttle) August 30, 2017
An additional note about this shameful cartoon: Texas has the second-largest number of active and reserve military personnel, behind Calif. https://t.co/vt5WGrAcU6 — Ian Tuttle (@iptuttle) August 30, 2017
This is pathetic and insensitive to those afflicted by #HurricaneHarvey https://t.co/fAhgv52zEZ — Gabriella Hoffman (@Gabby_Hoffman) August 30, 2017
Houston takes in more international refugees than any city in the country. This characterization as backwards yokels is offensive. — The leaks are real (@kylejack) August 30, 2017
Oh, government is doing all the rescuing, all the housing, all the donating? What a miserable message. Shame on him, and you. — Anti-Hipster (@corrcomm) August 30, 2017
Intended to attack Americans, further divide the country, in a time of crisis. This is disgusting and needs to be condemned. — Jason (@UCCowboy) August 30, 2017
Many of the storm victims being rescued from devastating damage to their homes have expressed gratitude to both their rescuers and God.
As the response grew, Wuerker tweeted the cartoon was meant to be a dig at secessionists, not all Texans.
Just trying to point out times like this we're lucky to have rescue services. Don't see how this takes away from private individuals heroism https://t.co/Tk4xCqyV0v — Matt Wuerker (@wuerker) August 30, 2017
Respectfully— it's making fun of the Secessionist movement. Not at all aimed at all Texans. https://t.co/aI4RxRNjFm — Matt Wuerker (@wuerker) August 30, 2017
Politico deleted the tweet promoting the cartoon shortly afterward, although it is still up here.
UPDATED 2:12 P.M.: This article was updated with Wuerker's explanation for the cartoon and that the tweet promoting it was deleted.
A senior US senator today asked the National Institutes of Health (NIH) to explain its decision earlier this month to award a five-year grant worth up to US$2 million to a psychiatrist who is now under investigation by the US Department of Justice and who failed to report more than $1 million in pharmaceutical-company income in the past.
In this letter, first obtained by the blog Pharmalot, Senator Charles Grassley, a Republican of Iowa, tells NIH director Francis Collins that it is “troubling that NIH continues to provide limited federal dollars to individuals who have previously had grant funding suspended for failure to disclose conflicts of interest.”
The new grant was awarded to Charles Nemeroff (pictured), the chair of psychiatry at the University of Miami in Florida, on 16 May, as Science Insider first reported. According to the NIH grants database, Nemeroff — who did not reply to e-mails over several days requesting comment — will use it to study the psychobiological risk factors for post-traumatic stress disorder. The grant, from the National Institute of Mental Health (NIMH), is worth $401,675 in 2012 and will run for 5 years. Nemeroff has previously been punished for failing to report at least $1.2 million in pharmaceutical-company income. That episode also led to a still-open US justice-department investigation of Nemeroff that is being conducted in conjunction with the Inspector General of the Department of Health and Human Services, the parent agency of the NIH.
Near the top of a list of six hard-hitting questions in the letter to Collins, Grassley asks: “Was NIH aware that Dr. Nemeroff was under federal investigation? If so, why did NIH decide to award this grant anyway?” He adds: “Were the peer reviewers aware that Dr. Nemeroff was under federal investigation? If not, why not? Provide pertinent documents.”
In the letter, Grassley also hammers the NIH for failing to require that universities create public websites reporting on the amounts and nature of any financial conflicts of interest for their NIH-funded scientists. The agency has previously said that it would institute such a requirement when it released revamped conflict-governing rules, but it backed off from that proposal last August, and the NIH's final rules on the matter said that institutions that choose not to establish a website can instead respond to written requests for such information from members of the public.
Grassley's then-staffer Paul Thacker led a 2008–09 investigation of Nemeroff. It revealed that the influential psychiatrist, then a department chair at Emory University in Atlanta, Georgia, had failed to report, among other payments, $800,000 in income from GlaxoSmithKline for giving more than 250 talks to psychiatrists between January 2000 and January 2006. Later that year, he began running a $9.3-million trial of Paxil, made by GSK.
Nemeroff's penance was declared by Emory in December 2009: the loss of his chairman's job at Emory and a ban on applying for NIH funding for two years. One year later, Nemeroff secured the new job at Miami, after NIMH director Tom Insel assured the dean at that university that Nemeroff would be eligible to apply for new NIH grants once in his new position.
Nemeroff's end-run around his punishment prompted Collins to declare: “If there's a silver lining to this [Nemeroff] story — and it's hard to find a silver lining in a story about conflict of interest — it's that the incident brought to light NIH grants policies that may need to be addressed.”
Collins suggested that the NIH, which was then revamping its conflict-governing rules, might need to make explicit that investigators cannot dodge sanctions by switching institutions. However, the agency did not address the issue in its revamped rules.
Asked for a comment on this last week, the NIH office of extramural research released this statement:
“As described in the preamble of the final rule on extramural financial conflicts of interest, the final rule expands Investigator disclosure to include all significant financial interests (SFI) related to their institutional responsibilities and requires public accessibility of information about financial conflicts of interest (FCOI) of senior/key personnel. Therefore, the likelihood of an institution not receiving information about a particular SFI or FCOI of an investigator transferring to that institution is minimized.”
In other words, NIH is arguing that, if the new rules — which don't go into effect until this August — had been in place when Nemeroff moved from Emory to Miami, his new employer would have been made aware of his financial conflicts before hiring him, because it would have asked Emory for all the relevant information. Assuming, of course, that Nemeroff had reported all the relevant information. This, too, would be more likely under the new rules, the NIH argues, because they make clear that investigators have to report all their significant financial interests to their institutions — not just those they judge to be pertinent to a given award.
That argument may not go far with Grassley, who declared in his letter to Collins that the decision to fund Nemeroff “risks sending the wrong message to physicians seeking or performing federally funded research”.
Thirty years ago, the brothers of the Alpha Beta fraternity at Adams College in Arizona were taught a particularly harsh lesson. The Alpha Betas had been your stereotypical frat guys—athletic, but hard partiers with a sense of arrogance and entitlement that led them to disregard the laws of polite society and torment some of their classmates with name-calling and even vandalism. No doubt, the Alpha Betas were out of control and needed to be brought down a peg.
However, when a group of students they had targeted for ridicule banded together to exact some payback, things went from bad to worse. Although these students' complaints about the fraternity were completely legitimate, their methods for dealing with their bullies most certainly were not. Realizing they couldn't really hope to take these guys on in a fight (part of the reason the brothers picked these students to push around was because of their own physical weakness) or even in a war of pranks (again, they likely would have wound up getting their asses kicked), the students concocted a plan to attack the Alpha Betas without engaging them directly.
They took the fight to Pi Delta Pi, the sorority that the Alpha Betas' girlfriends all belonged to. While one group of guys broke into the house to menace and terrorize the women, another group began to install cameras throughout the sorority house to capture nude images of the women—obviously, without their knowledge or consent. Some of these images later wound up disseminated amongst the student body, and later, at least one of these students sexually assaulted the girlfriend of the president of the Greek Council (an Alpha Beta himself), coercing her into joining him in a secluded area and then raping her while the rest of the school enjoyed a raucous pep rally.
Honestly, this is not how most people remember the plot of 1984's Revenge of the Nerds, a movie that, according to the Internet Movie Database, grossed $40,900,000 on an $8,000,000 budget and is described by one IMDB user as “An Instant Classic for the Underdog in All of Us.” That's kind of how I remembered the movie too, until I watched it again a couple years ago, for the first time as an adult, and was immediately struck by the way the film plays sexual exploitation and assault for laughs. It's true that the nerds stand up to their bullies and empower themselves, but they are only able to do so by victimizing women whose chief crimes are snootiness and bad taste in boyfriends.
Some, of course, will argue that I take these things too seriously; it's just a dumb campus sex comedy, for crying out loud. But I can't help but feel that this movie actually has something to tell us about our cultural attitudes surrounding violence, misogyny, and notions of masculinity. We're all familiar with the dumb jock/ frat boy stereotype with his overly-moussed hair, reeking of Axe Body Spray. We know that that guy's a misogynist who amuses his bros with rape jokes. But I think, sometimes, we mistakenly assume that the guy wearing a Green Lantern T-shirt who can recite Monty Python and the Holy Grail in its entirety is harmless. He's scared to talk to women, we reason, so he can't possibly have the frat boy's sense of entitlement or privilege. But recent events, I think, should cause us to call that conventional wisdom into question.
I'm a nerd myself. I've got a massive comic book collection. There is currently a Gremlins lunchbox on my dining room table. I still play Mortal Kombat II on my Sega Genesis. And, when I was younger, I was pretty sure I was doomed to remain a virgin for the rest of my life. If you had told the 17-year-old me that, one day, I would be madly in love with my brilliant and beautiful wife—as I am now—I would have assumed you were setting up a joke at my expense.
There are certain lies the virginal nerd tells himself in order to cope with his own lack of romantic success. Some of these lies are somewhat harmless: “Girls, by nature, just don't appreciate superheroes or Star Wars—that's why they aren't attracted to fans like me.” That's the sort of lie I told myself, before I could finally admit that my problems really stemmed from my own shyness. Some of the lies are more troublesome: “Women are all superficial—they can't see past my acne or weight problem to appreciate the awesome guy I am, deep down.” To be honest, I might have told myself this lie a time or two, when I was a stupid adolescent who, it should be noted, never pursued overweight or pimply girls himself. From there, the lies get even more damaging: “Women are cruel—they're only interested in jock assholes, and they enjoy abusing any other guy who winds up in their orbit.”
I don't want to pat myself on the back here, but I never told myself that last lie. But I know plenty of guys who did, and who probably still do. These are the guys who believe “nice guys finish last” and complain about being “friend-zoned” by the women in their lives. These guys truly believe that they are owed something by women—sex, of course, but also devotion and a rather twisted version of love. These guys are lonely and frustrated, and, rather than examine themselves in order to find out why this is, they have concluded that the problem is women.
We saw this psychology in Elliot Rodger, the 22-year-old multiple murderer who explained his motivations in a video posted to YouTube: “For the last eight years of my life, ever since I hit puberty, I've been forced to endure an existence of loneliness, rejection and unfulfilled desires all because girls have never been attracted to me. Girls gave their affection, and sex and love to other men but never to me.” We see it in the so-called “Pick-up Artist Community,” where ridiculously-dressed guys who at times seem downright psychopathic instruct socially-awkward guys on the best ways to trick a woman into thinking that they're interesting. And more and more frequently, we're seeing this attitude in “geek culture,” among comic book fans, video game players and others who have, historically, been identified as nerds.
Much has already been written about “Gamergate”—an online campaign to degrade and silence women active in the video game industry. The phenomenon began when video game developer Zoe Quinn's ex-boyfriend alleged that Quinn had had a romantic relationship with a video game journalist that resulted in positive coverage of her game Depression Quest. This claim was quickly proven to be fraudulent, but that didn't stop a number of deranged video game fans from attacking her on Twitter—revealing personal information as well as threatening rape. Gamergate supporters will tell you that the movement is not, in fact, motivated by misogyny, but is in fact about “ethics in journalism.” These claims are belied by the fact that members of the movement subsequently also targeted feminist media critic Anita Sarkeesian and game developer Brianna Wu, both women, and no men active in gaming culture (not even Nathan Grayson, the journalist alleged to have given Quinn positive coverage as a result of their relationship, got the kind of treatment these women received). The claims are also belied, of course, by the rape threats.
As a movement, Gamergate seems to be dying down. Just a few weeks ago, it was fairly common to see people defending the movement, but at this point almost everyone is in agreement that the argument was less about ethics in journalism and more about whether or not girls should be allowed in the clubhouse. But even if people stop using Gamergate as a hashtag, it's important that we—and when I say “we,” I'm addressing my fellow nerds here—be mindful of the hatefulness that exists among us.
In many ways, the comic book industry is doing a really good job of marketing itself to women and girls. It seems to me that there are more female creators working on mainstream titles from the major publishers than ever before. Wonder Woman is getting the big screen treatment, as is Captain Marvel (the female one from Marvel Comics, not the kid who turns into a superhero when he says “Shazam”—although, yeah, he is getting a movie too). We've recently seen an X-Men team consisting of all female characters. There's a new woman wielding Thor's hammer and acting as a thunder goddess. It does seem like we've come a long way from the days where Wonder Woman was perpetually the Justice Society of America's secretary, or even twenty years ago, when comic book writer Gail Simone created her website “Women in Refrigerators,” which chronicled the assaults and deaths of female characters that acted as plot points to motivate the male superheroes.
We still have some work to do, though, as writer and cultural critic Janelle Asselin could probably tell you.
Last April, Asselin wrote a critique of the cover of the then-upcoming Teen Titans #1 for Comic Book Resources. The cover, drawn by artist Kenneth Rocafort, features the character Wonder Girl front-and-center, which is a choice that would be applauded were it not for the fact that this adolescent girl is drawn with comically large, unrealistically round breasts. Seriously, we're talking bigger-than her head, Pamela Anderson-sized implants. It's ridiculous, it's not something any parent is likely to buy for their child, and Asselin said as much in her review.
I don't imagine anyone is going to stalk me on Twitter over this essay, but Asselin was soon flooded with nasty, abusive comments over her opinions on the bizarre sexual objectification of a child who appears in children's entertainment. The best of these critiques suggested that she was unqualified to comment on the cover (despite the fact that she has a master's degree in publishing and has years of editorial experience). Others used the word “feminist” as a pejorative, suggesting that she was pushing a “feminist agenda.” Still others employed the stupid Limbaughism “feminazi” to attack her.
And then, of course, the rape threats started, leading her to eventually write in an essay published in xojane, “Every woman I know who has any sort of online following gets harassed, and most of them get rape threats. It's become part of doing business if you write online at all.”
I genuinely feel like any moral code I might have owes more to the superhero comic books I read as a kid than it does to the years as an altar boy or Cub Scout. I think other comic fans would probably say the same thing. This is part of the reason why I find these rape threats so shocking. I get that people love their superheroes and don't like to see them criticized, and I get that this criticism can feel a little personal—“If this material is sexist, doesn't it follow that I'm a misogynist for liking it?” But threatening sexual assault doesn't seem like the sort of thing Green Lantern or Mr. Fantastic would really approve of.
I think it would be good for those of us who enjoy popular culture to acknowledge that, at times, the popular culture can be somewhat flawed. Animal House is a very funny movie, but the frat guy “heroes” are kind of repugnant, especially in the ways they treat women. Van Halen was a great band once upon a time, but the video for “Hot for Teacher” is still sexist. And mainstream superhero comic books—long created by and for guys—have not, historically, portrayed women particularly well. There's really no reason for Wonder Woman to fight crime in a bathing suit, or for the Spider-Woman to present her ass to her enemies. These choices—made for the male gaze—are completely impractical, and ought to be rectified.
I understand the young male nerd's awkwardness around women. I have experienced the same anxiety that has turned to anger in others. Luckily, I went to college and befriended several feminists who disabused me of the delusions that so many geeky guys have about women. I'm grateful for that.
Now that more women are getting involved in comics, video games, and other forms of geek culture, I think more guys can benefit from hearing their points-of-view, just as I benefited from the friendships I formed in college. I know that change is scary, that reconsidering one's beliefs can be very difficult. But it's worth trying. My fellow male nerds, there is no reason to feel threatened by the women and girls who want to gain entrance to the clubhouse. They're not here to make fun of you or hurt you. They're here because The Avengers and World of Warcraft are awesome. So let's put an end to all of this desire for “revenge” when a woman expresses her opinions about these hobbies we all love, and instead trying listening. It's what Superman would do, after all.
William Bradley‘s work has appeared in The Utne Reader, The Normal School, Brevity, The Missouri Review, Truth-Out and other websites and magazines. His book Fractals—a collection of linked essays about love, illness, and a lifetime of dorky pop culture obsessions—is forthcoming from Lavender Ink.
Are you following The Mary Sue on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, Pinterest, & Google +?
THIS is the adorable moment a Windsor Castle soldier stopped to pose for a photo with a young fan in a Guardsman uniform.
The toddler – wearing a summer version of the uniform complete with red jacket and bearskin during a birthday visit to the site – looked amazed as the four soldiers marched past him.
Instagram: joanna___feng 6 The little boy saluted the Coldstream Guards as they marched past him
6 One of the soldiers then beckons the youngster over to him
Instagram: joanna___feng 6 The Guardsman poses for an adorable snap with his mini-me
Sticking close to his mum, the adorable youngster saluted the Coldstream Guards as they made their way into Windsor Castle in their official uniforms.
His face then lights up as one of the soldiers stops in front of the boy and beckons him over.
The kind-hearted soldier then poses with the lad for a photograph as the stunned crowd around them cheer.
Instagram: joanna___feng 6 The boy was left looking amazed his hero posed for the cute snap
The boy can be seen looking shocked as the soldier then turns around and goes back to the Guards Room.
The video was shared on Instagram by Joanna Feng.
related stories JEREMY CLARKSON Help fight the Government's plan to silence the free Press – and save your own freedom 'ma'am, I NEARLY SHOT YOU!' Guardsman nearly SHOT the Queen as she went for late night stroll at Buckingham Palace BOUNCING BACK The Queen presents award to trusted aide as she continues recovery from heavy Christmas cold DEATH WISH Sicko website predicts Queen, Bruce Forsyth and Honor Blackman will be among celebrity deaths for 2017 'OUR THOUGHTS ARE WITH THE FAMILIES' The Queen sends condolence message to President of Turkey after nightclub attacks
Coldstream Guards are the oldest regiment in the British Army in continuing active service.
The Guards are one of seven regiments in the Household Division – the The Guards are one of seven regiments in the Household Division – the personal troops of The Queen
They have also previously been deployed to Northern Ireland, the Balkans, Iraq and Afghanistan.
Instagram: joanna___feng 6 The youngster was obviously in awe of the guards
Instagram: joanna___feng 6 The adorable clip was posted to Instagram
The Coldstream Guards found themselves under fire last year when The Coldstream Guards found themselves under fire last year when The Sun revealed that Guards officer Major James Coleby was filmed snorting a powder-like substance off a ceremonial sword in St James's Palace.
A scandal also rocked the regiment in March when The Sun told how two male recruits were forced to perform sex acts on each other.
We pay for your stories! Do you have a story for The Sun Online news team? Email us at tips@the-sun.co.uk or call 0207 782 4368
As tokens emerge as a new breed of tangible assets it only makes sense that tools to enable a new breed of asset management would as well. Investment advisors worldwide have been fielding questions from their clients about cryptocurrency, mainly Bitcoin, for almost ten years now.
However, the explosion of interest in the investment vehicle has gone up dramatically in the past year with Bitcoin's market cap now more than $100 Billion as of press time. Cryptocurrency is going mainstream; finally, some would say, and asset management is evolving to keep pace. The best asset managers are surely starting to think about how they will make it part of their offering.
Asset management is an art and science. It requires specific knowledge, usually gained through formal education, and licenses needed to practice as well as specialized software tools of the trade. These tools allow investment advisors to perform tasks like compliance management, modeling, scenario simulation, portfolio rebalancing, benchmarking and more. They have involved solutions that allow for thorough and accurate portfolio management, and any sane advisor would never consider writing a proprietary custom software solution to handle all their clients' portfolios. The barrier to entry is just too high and would require so much work that it's doubtful they would have time to spend focusing on their real work, their clients' financial goals.
The same is now true for advisors who wish to begin offering a tokenized fund. To create their own blockchain based application architecture to offer their clients a secure portfolio of digital assets would be unrealistic for most and perhaps unadvised for all. I'm not a financial advisor, and can't give that absolute advises, but it's my best guess. :)
This reminds me of the quote from Red Adair, "If you think it's expensive to hire a professional to do the job, wait until you hire an amateur."
As investment advisors begin to move towards the need for digital crypto asset portfolio management, they will need the right tools to offer their clients the top-tier solutions they expect, and I am happy to share one solution I have discovered that I believe will do just that.
Introducing Blackmoon Crypto
They are going to offer Investment Advisors an opportunity to provide true digital token portfolios, with access to the IT and legal infrastructure they would otherwise not be able to provide without building it themselves. This will give investment advisors and asset managers the ability to focus on their true priority, their client's portfolios, while Blackmoon takes care of all the rest.
Their platform will provide both the investor and the investment manager with a set of dynamic tools to manage the cryptocurrency portfolio. But also important to note, is that non-crypto (fiat) currencies can be integrated and managed with the software. This provides advisors the ability to design funds that offer diversified income sources while granting valuable access to the cryptocurrency world as well. Instead of one or the other, as is the standard offering today, investors will have the 'best of both worlds' using Blackmoon.
This is not trivial. Because their platform will remove the barrier to entry for a tokenized fund creation, investment advisors will now be able to truly help bring the fiat and crypto economies into the same realm for their clients. Also, the standardization of their platform when widely accepted will offer stability and progress in the right direction towards the expected regulations that will be placed upon tokenized funds in the future.
If you are an investment advisor considering offering your clients your own tokenized fund, or an investor interested in Cryptocurrency I highly recommend reading Blackmoon's white paper. It is the beginning of a new era in digital currency, and understanding the possibilities now could prove to be extremely valuable ten years from now.
They plan to introduce their first fund in Jan. 2018, and it will be exciting to see where things head as they acquire licenses for operation in the EU and US in the coming year. I would love to hear from any investment advisors that plan to use this service, and learn details of the funds of the future!
Another example of how blockchain is reinventing business and changing the world.
This article is part of a new series of articles I am writing profiling businesses reinventing existing industries using the Blockchain.
It's not just a solution for Asset Management, it has the potential to become the new backbone of the internet. Watch, and you will see more and more companies emerging with solutions to existing markets with solutions based on the Blockchain. It's early days, and the best is yet to come. Follow me here as I will continue to write about great examples of the “Blockchain reinventing business.” If you have or know of a company I can review and potentially profile, please submit your idea to me at reinvent.biz.
Need to know more about Blockchain? because it would take up the entire article to explain how blockchain works, I assume you have a basic understanding of the core concepts. If you don't, I recommend watching this quick 3-minute video. Have more time/interest? I recommend this slightly more in depth course.
Disclaimer: I make the best effort to select companies I feel are the best fit for the markets I profile, and in some cases I work directly with PR firms to promote their clients, who are the leaders emerging in the space. While I am not directly affiliated or invested in the companies I profile here, I do own Bitcoin, Ethereum and other cryptocurrencies. I hold investment positions in the coins, but do not engage in short-term or day-trading. When mentioning an ICO or TGE, it is not intended to be investment advice. You should seek a duly licensed professional for investment advice. (I recommend Abacus Wealth Partners, for their philosophy of sustainable investing.)
As you kick back to enjoy the new season of The Walking Dead, remember it almost certainly owes a debt to George A Romero. The Night of the Living Dead auteur pioneered the zombie genre — but that means he's also been around long enough to see the genre fundamentally change over the past decade or so.
In a fascinating interview with IndieWire, Romero talks about his ambitions to make another zombie movie and how hard it's become to get a mid-budget zombie flick funded — even for the guy who literally created the genre. Romero has always taken the angle of using the zombie apocalypse as a way to shine a light on different social issues, but now he says you have to pretty much “hide the message” to actually get the movie made.
In regard to funding, he said the market for a low-to-mid-budget zombie movie is shrinking fast. Here's an excerpt from his comments:
“I did Land of the Dead, which was the biggest zombie film I had ever made. I don't think it needed to be that big. That money went largely to the cast. They were great, but I don't think that money needed to be spent. Dennis Hopper's cigar budget cost more than the entire production of Night of the Living Dead. That's the way it is.
Now, because of World War Z and The Walking Dead, I can't pitch a modest little zombie film, which is meant to be sociopolitical. I used to be able to pitch them on the basis of the zombie action, and I could hide the message inside that. Now, you can't. The moment you mention the word ‘zombie,' it's got to be, ‘Hey, Brad Pitt paid $400 million to do that.'”
It's interesting to hear from a living legend like Romero about how this industry has changed, and it seems the influx of mid-budget horror films like the stuff from the Blumhouse factory isn't really extending all the way out to zombies. Romero said he's not really interested in crowdfunding a project, so as it stands, he could've already made his last undead adventure.
(Via IndieWire)
Health Canada is advising anyone who bought Novodalin B17 — a natural health product claiming to treat cancer — to stop taking it and contact their doctor.
The federal agency says the unauthorized product poses “serious risks to health” because it reportedly contains apricot kernel extract.
The extract may contain amygdalin, which the agency says “has the potential to release cyanide when ingested by humans.”
READ MORE: Mars recalls chocolate bars in 55 countries after plastic find
The Health Canada statement issued Tuesday says the concentration of amygdalin in the product is unknown, but ingesting low to moderate amounts of cyanide may lead to serious adverse health consequences and high doses may be lethal.
The agency says it has asked the online seller of the pills to stop sales and warns it will take further action.
The product was still on the online merchant's website early Wednesday, with 100 pills selling for $114.99.
I put “regulate” in quotation marks, because it's probably the kindest word that could apply to the censorship, big-brothering, suppression, and brainwashing that are the real goals of this unsettling endeavor.
The Internet is perhaps the most efficiently democratic tool mankind has ever had at its disposal to share information and ideas, conduct business quickly across the globe, and participate in a worldwide forum of free speech — which pretty adequately explains why certain of the world's actors would really prefer it if we could just clamp down on the whole thing.
The Internet works so well because there's no one entity controlling it from the top down; it's made up of countless independent moving parts that come together without a ton of exterior effort or control. You can imagine the hindrances that adding global bureaucracy to the mix would impose, but that's exactly what a big handful of United Nations members (a.k.a. China, Russia, Iran, and other repressive regimes not particularly fond of free thought) are hoping to accomplish.
Next week, the United Nations' International Telecommunications Union (ITU) is planning a conference in Dubai to update treaty arrangements for international communications, at which certain member states will float ideas to tighten control of the web across national borders with things like international Internet fees and expanded eavesdropping powers. Gordon Crovitz in the WSJ explains why this is a thoroughly terrible idea:
Having the Internet rewired by bureaucrats would be like handing a Stradivarius to a gorilla. The Internet is made up of 40,000 networks that interconnect among 425,000 global routes, cheaply and efficiently delivering messages and other digital content among more than two billion people around the world, with some 500,000 new users a day. … The self-regulating Internet means no one has to ask for permission to launch a website, and no government can tell network operators how to do their jobs. The arrangement has made the Internet a rare place of permissionless innovation. As former Federal Communications Commission Chairman William Kennard recently pointed out, 90% of cooperative “peering” agreements among networks are “made on a handshake,” adjusting informally as needs change. Proposals for the new ITU treaty run to more than 200 pages. One idea is to apply the ITU's long-distance telephone rules to the Internet by creating a “sender-party-pays” rule. International phone calls include a fee from the originating country to the local phone company at the receiving end. Under a sender-pays approach, U.S.-based websites would pay a local network for each visitor from overseas, effectively taxing firms such as Google and Facebook.
Yes, no doubt that many of the planet's worst players would just love it if it became too expensive for Google, etcetera to serve foreign visitors and hence their citizens were effectively denied access to these sites — but Google sure as heck wouldn't.
The International Telecommunication Union (ITU) will be holding its World Conference on International Telecommunications in Dubai next month — and Google contends that Internet censorship might be on the agenda. The Mountain View, Calif.-based search giant has launched an online campaign to express its fear that the conference could freeze both tech companies and billions of users out of the Web governance process. The result, Google asserts, could allow governments and select companies to restrict how citizens access and use the Web.
How frighteningly backwards is it that this is even a thing? It never ceases to amaze me that we continue to financially prop up and supportively legitimize an organization that isn't committed to peace, justice, and human rights so much as it is the interests of its member states. The moral relativists at the United Nations are not-so-subtly shooting for a globalist, progressive bureaucracy, and they constantly use it as a platform to deign to lecture us on our policies on climate change, firearms, free elections, etcetera. If the United Nations were really about promoting freedom and prosperity, the very idea of this kind of Internet regulation would be laughed off the stage — but it isn't, and that is deeply disturbing.
BC currently has one of the lowest fines in the country for distracted driving at $167
VANCOUVER (NEWS 1130) – After months of promising to make changes, we are finally about to find out what tougher penalties distracted drivers in this province may face. The provincial government is set to release details on Monday morning on the steps of the Legislature.
The obvious assumption is higher fines or, as NEWS 1130 Legal Analyst Michael Shapray explains, they could really crackdown by treating distracted drivers like drunk drivers. “And if we see that we might see immediate roadside driving prohibitions, where people lose their cars at the roadside. Something like that would be a dramatic change to the law and we might see something like that tomorrow.”
“There is something about someone who decides that they need to check their text messages or their email while they're driving. The risk of actually being left at the side of the road waiting for a taxi while their car is being towed away might have an impact on them and their decision-making,” adds Shapray.
There is a condition if province does announce roadside bans. “The immediate roadside prohibition regime does not allow you to have any challenge in court. You have more rights when you get charged with a speeding ticket and you can file for a dispute and get a court date and the police officer has to show up in court.”
The impaired driving legislation in BC requires an administrative hearing which is done either on the phone or in writing. Any changes made to the Motor Vehicle Act have to be passed in the Legislature and would come into effect on a certain date.
BC has one of the lowest fines in the country at $167 and three penalty points while in other provinces like Ontario and PEI, it ranges from $1,000 to $1,200.
ICBC statistics show distracted driving kills, on average, 88 people in this province every year.
Deadliest Catch fans have seen some big weather on Discovery's long-running docuseries, but as our exclusive sneak peek at Season 11 (premiering April 14) shows, a super typhoon bears down on the crab-fishing fleet in the Bering Sea.
"There are some of the biggest waves we've seen in the entire series," Jeff Conroy, executive producer for Original Productions, tells Yahoo TV. "On top of that, we see a wave knock a boat on its side. They recover, but there's almost a near mutiny following."
Joseph Boyle, executive producer for Discovery Channel, is quick to add that there's another storm later that's also one of the worst the fleet's faced in decades. “I know what happens, I've seen the raw footage, but then I see it again and I'm still chilled to the bone,” he says. “What these guys go through is amazing — both the captains and the crews that are out there capturing it… Everything that you see on camera means that somebody was capturing it, and that alone is sort of astounding.”
Mother Nature isn't the only cause of drama. After years of keeping a lid on Bairdi crab quota, new government regulations have increased the inventory by 400 percent. “Everyone is trying to get through their King Crab as fast as possible because the competition is on for the Bairdi,” Conroy says. “That's a big deal for these guys because on the one hand, it's this great opportunity to make a bunch of money. On the other hand, it's a really hard crab to catch. It hasn't been fished as much over the years — it was protected and allowed to grow again — so it's not like everyone has their hot spots. Guys like [Capt. Sig Hansen] can pull out their old charts. Other guys can try to figure out where they last caught ‘em. But it's a whole new game. You're seeing rivals have to decide whether they're gonna work together to figure that out.”
Related: 'I Threw Her to the Wolves': Sig Hansen Brings His Daughter Aboard 'Deadliest Catch'
Boyle teases “surprising turns of fate” as veterans like Capt. Keith Colburn and Capt. Johnathan Hillstrand navigate the difficult season. It will be one of milestones for fan favorites Josh Harris and Jake Anderson. “Things are gonna happen this season that the audience has been waiting for years to see,” he says. “It's the beginning of the circle becoming complete.” With Edgar Hansen and Elliott Neese, viewers will get what Boyle describes as “a really hard look, and a really honest look, at the toll that this life takes on these guys.”
Here, Conroy breaks it down boat-by-boat.
Story continues
Signature
This entry contains information applicable to United States law only.
A mark or sign made by an individual on an instrument or document to signify knowledge, approval, acceptance, or obligation.
The term signature is generally understood to mean the signing of a written document with one's own hand. However, it is not critical that a signature actually be written by hand for it to be legally valid. It may, for example, be typewritten, engraved, or stamped. A signature consists of the act of writing one's name, coupled with the intention of authenticating the instrument or document signed. The purpose of a signature is to authenticate a writing, or provide notice of its source, and to bind the individual signing the writing by the provisions contained in the document.
Because a signature can obligate a party to terms of a contract or verify that the person intended to make a last will and testament, the law has developed rules that govern what constitutes a legally valid signature. The internet and other forms of telecommunication have created the desire to transact legally binding agreements electronically. Some states are beginning to pass laws that recognize the validity of "digital signatures."
Requisites and Validity
When an instrument must be signed, it is ordinarily adequate if the signature is made in any commonly used manner. Variations between the signature and the name appearing in the body of the instrument do not automatically invalidate the instrument.
In the absence of a statutory prohibition, an individual can use any character, symbol, figure, or designation he wishes to adopt as a signature, and if he uses it as a substitute for his name, he is bound by it. For example, if a contract refers to " William Jones" but Jones signs his name "Bill Jones," the contract is still enforceable against him. An individual can also use a fictitious name or the name of a business firm. A signature might also be adequate to validate an instrument even if it is virtually illegible. The entire name does not have to be written, and the inclusion of a middle name is not significant.
An individual satisfies the signing requirement when someone who has been duly authorized to sign for him does so. In the event a statute mandates an instrument be signed in person, the signature must be made in the signer's own hand or at his request and in his presence by another individual.
In a situation where an individual intends to sign as a witness but instead inadvertently signs the instrument in the place where the principal is to sign, the fact that she should have signed as a witness can be shown. Conversely when a signer intends to sign as a principal but instead signs in the place for a witness, that fact can also be shown.
Abbreviations, Initials, or Mark
In situations that do not require a more complete signature, an instrument can be properly signed when the initial letter or letters of the given name or names are used together with the surname (J. Doe), when only the full surname is used (Doe), when only the given name is used (John), or even when only the initials are used (J. D.).
A mark is ordinarily a cross or X made in substitution for the signature of an individual who is unable to write. In the absence of contrary statutory provision, a mark can be used by an individual who knows how to write but is unable to do so because of a physical illness or disability. A mark has the same binding effect upon the individual making it as does a signature. In some statutes a signature is defined as including a mark made by an individual who is infirm or illiterate.
Generally the name of the person who makes her mark can be written by anyone, and the mark is not necessarily invalidated because the individual writing the name accompanying the mark misspells the name or because the words stating that the symbol is intended as a mark are omitted. In the absence of a statute that requires a name to accompany the mark, the validity of the mark as a signature is not affected by the fact that a name does not accompany it.
When a mark is used as a signature, it can be put wherever the signature can appear. When there is a requirement that the name must accompany the mark, the fact that the mark and the name are not in immediate proximity does not invalidate the mark.
Certain statutes mandate that a witness must attest to a signature made by a mark. Under such statutes, if the mark is not properly witnessed, the instrument is not signed and is legally ineffective. These laws were enacted to prevent fraud, because it is difficult, if not impossible, to later determine if the alleged signer actually made the mark.
14 people found this useful
Is this the world's oldest wedding cake? Creation made in 1898 even survived World War II bomb blast
Most wedding cakes barely survive the big day, with maybe just one slice being popped in a box to be preserved for posterity.
This one, however, is still intact after 113 years, making it what is thought to be the world's oldest complete wedding cake.
The ornately decorated confection was made in 1898, during Queen Victoria's reign, and is still in one piece despite a large crack in the icing caused by a Second World War bomb blast.
Ornate: This 113-year-old wedding cake is believed to be the world's oldest - and was was originally on display in the window of a family bakery in Basingstoke
Once white, it has browned with age. But despite this, the rich fruit cake inside is said to be still moist.
Once white as a symbol of purity, the ornate cake, complete with its floral display, has browned with age.
The confectionery was originally on display in the window of a family bakery, in Basingstoke, Hampshire, which closed in 1964.
It had been moved to a loft, where it remained for almost a century, until the baker's daughter donated it to the little known Willis Museum in Basingstoke.
Museum curator Sue Tapliss said: 'It has been stored in unfavourable environmental conditions, leading to the cake heating and causing the sugars to seep through to the icing, giving it a darker colour.
'The baker's daughter, who was unmarried, donated the cake towards the end of her life due to fears someone might discover it in her attic and think she had been jilted at the altar.'
Under fire: The cake survived the bombing in World War Two - here an attack on London is shown
A delicate operation involving two conservators has been carried out and the cake has now been dried using packets of silica gel to prevent further deterioration.
Mrs Tapliss added: 'It underwent conservation work following concerns from museum staff who had noticed a distinct colour change.
'Upon investigation using a syringe, the cake was found to be very moist.
'A large crack in the icing, the result of wartime bombing vibration, was in a precarious state due to the weight of the icing pulling away from the cake itself.
'Pieces of Queen Victoria's wedding cake were auctioned off but this is the world's oldest complete wedding cake.'
Mrs Tapliss added: 'We hope that the cake can be enjoyed for a further 113 years.'
The low-fat diet craze that started in the 1990s should have made us all lean and cured America's obesity epidemic. Unfortunately, it didn't work.
Instead, we became so afraid of fat that we traded in traditional foods (full-fat dairy, butter, lard and even bacon) for man-made, low-fat versions (non-fat dairy, margarine or vegetable spreads, vegetable oils and meat alternatives). However, adding traditional fats back into your diet could actually make you healthier and leaner.
Yes, you read that right. Fat will not make you fat. A 2003 study from the Harvard School of Public Health showed that people who ate a high-fat diet lost more weight than those on a high-carbohydrate diet, even when the high-fat group ate 300 more calories per day.
Grains, processed carbohydrates and even fruit are all quick sources of fuel - any excess calories from those foods will be stored as fat.
By increasing your fat intake and lowering carbohydrates, you will allow your body to burn fat and use it for energy, rather than store it. There are nine calories in every gram of fat which makes it filling, too.
Fats play an incredibly important role in our health. They promote healthy cell function, help keep our bones healthy, enhance our immune systems and help us properly utilize essential fatty acids from foods like oily fish and grass-fed meat. They are also essential in the absorption of many vitamins and minerals, especially fat-soluble vitamins A, D, E and K.
There are even some saturated fats - which are typically demonized - that are healthy. Those found in coconut oil, lard and butter function as signaling messengers that influence metabolism and can speed up weight loss.
But not all fats are created equal. Trans-fats and 'partially hydrogenated' fats from processed foods are highly refined and should be avoided because they don't provide any health benefits.
When choosing animal fats, look for organic sources that have been pasture-raised. Animals that have been raised on grass will have high levels of omega-3 fatty acids, which aid weight loss while promoting a healthy immune system.
By making only two simple changes, you can improve your health and encourage your body to burn more fat. Always check with your doctor before making any significant changes to your diet.
Use butter.
According to Dr. Mary Enig, author of Know Your Fats, consuming the trans fatty acids found in margarine can increase blood insulin levels, which may increase risk for diabetes.
However, butter from pastured cows is high in vitamins A, D, E and K and rich in conjugated linoleic acid, which has been shown to prevent weight gain and encourage muscle growth.
Another great component of butter is butyric acid, which has been shown to help fight cancer. An easy rule of thumb to remember which butter to buy is to look for brands from New Zealand, since they are all pasture-raised.
Cook with coconut oil.
Vegetable oils are extracted from the seeds of soybeans, corn, sunflower and rapeseed (canola). The oils must be chemically removed, deodorized and altered before being used and were practically non-existent in our diets until the early 1900s.
Instead, try coconut oil, which is made of medium-chain triglycerides that are processed through the liver. It provides energy without causing insulin to spike. It is high in lauric acid (also found in breast milk) and also contains capric acid and caprylic acid, which provide excellent antioxidant, antibacterial, antifungal, antiparasite and antiviral properties.
A study conducted by the American Journal of Nutrition found that consuming 2 tablespoons of these medium-chain fatty acids can cause a rise in body temperature after a meal, leading to an increase in metabolism and a greater calorie burn.
Making these simple changes can help you get lean, provide you with more nutrients and boost your immune system - all while making your food taste delicious!
I guess this means I should prep a trailer post for this one in the next day or two. Universal/ Comcast Corp. debuted some character posters for what is now called The Huntsman Winter's War. When did Hollywood fall out of love with the colon? Anyway, the film still comes out on April 22, 2016 as planned, and it's still tantamount to a sequel to Snow White and the Huntsman without Snow White, since the powers that be been always planning on ditching Kristen Stewart's Snow White so they could make a spin-off focusing on Chris Hemsworth's Huntsman.
I've whined about that any number of times, since Stewart would have taken the blame had the film failed but yet got kicked out of her own franchise when the film earned $395 million worldwide on a $175m budget back in June of 2012. But oddly enough the sequel became something of a female-centric fantasy after all, surrounding Chris Hemsworth with three of Hollywood's biggest female movie stars, namely Charlize Theron (reprising her role as the evil queen), Jessica Chastain, and Emily Blunt. And now that we've seen these posters and read the synopsis (reprinted below), I think the one question we all have is... "Do you want to build a snowman?"
Look, Universal has heard and will hear your Frozen jokes and doesn't care. Yes, Emily Blunt's Ice Queen looks exactly like Elsa from Walt Disney's Frozen. And her would-be ice powers will surely remind viewers of the $1 billion+ blockbuster that opened two years ago this weekend. And come what may, that's probably intentional. Even if director Cedric Nicolas-Troyan (another first time director being handed a major franchise), producer Joe Roth (Alice in Wonderland, Maleficent), and writers Craig Mazin and Evan Spiliotopoulos looked at the Disney smash and retooled their villain character so that she looks and somewhat acts like Elsa from Frozen, so what? Let's be honest, we're laughing today, but Universal will likely be laughing all the way to the bank if they can sell the notion that this is some kind of live-action variation on Frozen. It's a long shot, but what do they have to lose?
It's not like this unneeded spin-off is some kind of unimpeachable work of personal art. At best, it will be a pulpy, fantastical, and colorful action adventure movie with a better cast than it deserves. And at the end of the day, we're all talking about these posters to arguably a greater extent than if they didn't look so goofy. It is a little fitting that this Hemsworth-fronted sequel, which again basically kicked out the lead heroine from her own franchise and then acted like it was her fault, will have the three female leads getting most of the attention. Heck, the three female-centric posters are alive with light and color while poor Hemsworth's poster is reminiscent of the dirty, muddy, and visually unpleasant world of Snow White and the Huntsman.
The plot synopsis is also a little amusing, since it very much deals with the death of Queen Ravenna and her would-be resurrected yet somehow ignores the heroine who killed her and took her crown. I guess if The Dark Knight Rises can be all about Batman dealing with the aftermath of Harvey Dent's madness and Rachel Dawes's death without anyone mentioning the scary clown dude who caused all of these events and plunged the city into utter chaos eight years ago, then a Snow White and the Huntsman sequel can find a way to keep references to Snow White to a minimum. Or heck, maybe Stewart will pop up in the first trailer as a surprise cameo.
Anyway, these posters are a fine example of "all publicity is good publicity." Yes we can make all of the "Emily Blunt looks like Elsa the Ice Queen!" jokes, but we're still spending energy talking about an expensive fantasy franchise entry that otherwise might not get that much attention sandwiched between Batman v Superman: Dawn of Justice and Captain America: Civil War. So yeah, The Huntsman Winter's War comes out on April 22, 2016. I'm guessing we're getting a trailer in the next 48 hours, logically timed to The Hunger Games: Mockingjay part 2, so I'll do myself well to not drop all of my thoughts on the project in this post.
Enjoy the very long synopsis:
"Long before the evil Queen Ravenna (Theron) was thought vanquished by Snow White's blade, she watched silently as her sister, Freya (Blunt), suffered a heartbreaking betrayal and fled their kingdom. With Freya's ability to freeze any enemy, the young ice queen has spent decades in a remote wintry palace raising a legion of deadly huntsmen—including Eric (Hemsworth) and warrior Sara (Chastain)—only to find that her prized two defied her one demand: Forever harden your hearts to love.
When Freya learns of her sister's demise, she summons her remaining soldiers to bring the Magic Mirror home to the only sorceress left who can harness its power. But once she discovers Ravenna can be resurrected from its golden depths, the wicked sisters threaten this enchanted land with twice the darkest force it's ever seen. Now, their amassing army shall prove undefeatable…unless the banished huntsmen who broke their queen's cardinal rule can fight their way back to one another."
After two and a half decades of heart attacks, strokes, heavy drinking, chain smoking, and, finally, cancer, my grandfather decided to end his life at 76. The whole family gathered to watch.
(Illustration: Jef Thompson/Shutterstock)
My grandmother suffered something of a typical death from cancer: sad, slow, sick. At the end, her children put their hands on her shrunken body, eaten from the inside. My aunt, my mother, and my uncle opened a cedar chest full of items from her life. They showed her the keepsakes—baby clothes, portrait, letters from her family. She smiled, and then she was gone.
ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching! Visit Website
When my grandfather died nothing was typical. He left behind no keepsakes. He had two shelves of books and CDs; a few wool sweaters, shirts, and slacks; and an embarrassingly empty bank account, used only to deposit monthly social security checks.
He had not taken care of much during his life. Not his family and not himself. Somehow he had survived nine years after my grandmother's death.
In November 2008, I voted by absentee ballot in Washington state's election from my college dorm room. I left one circle blank: whether or not to approve a referendum called “Death With Dignity” which would allow physician-assisted suicides for the terminally ill. I wasn't sure how I felt about the idea of controlling death in any manner. I meant to do some more reading before answering, but in my excitement to cast my vote for then-Senator Obama, I forgot to fill in that last dot before I licked the envelope closed and dropped it in the mail.
ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching! Visit Website
ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching! Visit Website
It is difficult to see a bowl of applesauce as a force great enough to stop a heart, a brain, a set of lungs; great enough to move someone from a body to another place. But that white powder, the barbiturates lacing the sauce, was enough to constitute an overdose
When the referendum passed, Washington joined Oregon to become the only two states to have laws legalizing the practice. Vermont passed a similar law four years later. Today, few people have ended their lives the way the laws allow: using drugs obtained from doctors. In Oregon, 752 terminally ill people have done so since the law's inception in 1997. In Washington, 359. Vermont hasn't released any numbers.
In 2009, 95 prescriptions for life-ending medication were written in Oregon. Of these, 53 used the medicine to end their lives. One of them was my grandfather.
The day before he died, my mother, my aunt, my uncles, my brothers, and me arrived at his apartment in the low-income housing project in North Portland. Our gathering could have been mistaken for a birthday party, a reunion—anything other than what it was, really.
This was not the first time we thought he would die. He had his first stroke at 52. Two and a half decades of heart attacks, strokes, heavy drinking, and chain smoking followed before the cancerous cells in his lungs began to grow. He had been dying since before I was born.
We wandered around the apartment, picking things up, putting them down. My brother's fidgeting fingers took a photo out of its frame: our grandmother's senior portrait. Soft light glowed on her sepia-toned, perfectly coifed hair. On the back was a note, to him.
No matter where you are, know that I'll always be with you.
She'd written it decades before, as a girl, smitten with the older boy she'd met while cutting class to smoke cigarettes in the park between their Catholic high schools in Spokane, Washington. It could have been written the day she died—a different kind of promise.
After her high school graduation, my grandmother was shipped off to live with her favorite sister in California, while my grandfather was stationed at Fort Lewis. She started dating a med student that her family loved, the exact opposite of my grandfather, who had flunked out of high school and joined the Army. When he heard a rumor that her new beau was considering popping the question, he beat him to it. She received a telegram from Fort Lewis, asking her to move back to Washington and marry him.
She did.
I once wrote a short story from a man's perspective. I based this man on a younger version of my grandfather: the husband and father I imagined him to be from the stories his children told me, and the relationships they had with him. These relationships were not fatherly. My grandfather was a man who left it to his wife to make a living while he chased uncertain business opportunities, indulged in vices, told his children they were not good enough to be who they wanted to be, and even gambled away the family car.
I did not quite understand the man they talked about, because he had been grandfatherly to me. He called me princess when I was young. He asked me how my violin playing was going. He told me stories about the things he read, the ugly truths of the world: the genocide of Native Americans; the society he grew up in, split between black and white; the unfair health care system; wars carried out for money and power and oil. He was always on the side of the persecuted.
My classmates who read the short story said I had done a good job empathizing with such a despicable character. They said I both hated and loved him. I thought I must have gotten something across correctly, some complexity in his spirit.
In trying to understand my grandfather's choice I spent a lot of time reading the Death With Dignity website. I learned that as with most medical procedures, in order to end his life my grandfather first filled out a form titled “Request for Medication to End My Life in a Humane and Dignified Manner.” It reads, in part: I make this request voluntarily and without reservation, and I accept full moral responsibility for my actions.
The day we witnessed his death, we did the things families do. We cried and laughed, ate and drank, told stories and fell silent. I thought about how he wanted us all to be there.
The form is one page long. Four requirements: Adult. Of sound mind. Oregon Resident. Terminal. He fulfilled all of them: 76 years old, no mental illness, decades-long Oregon resident, terminal lung cancer. I wondered if my grandfather filled out his form alone at his kitchen table, or with my brother, or at the doctor's office. Had he left it in a drawer for a few days—or had he been certain of his choice immediately?
The written request must be submitted after the patient makes two verbal requests to his doctor, at least 15 days apart. Twice that summer my grandfather walked to the bus stop in front of his apartment and waved down the city bus that took him to the doctor, where he said: “I would like to die.”
Two different doctors must check all four criteria on the form; they are both also required to inform the patient of his options: “feasible alternatives” to ending his life with a large dose of prescription barbiturates. Of course, the alternatives when one has a terminal illness all end in death.
The pharmacist must complete another form when filling the prescription. When the bottle was finally in his hands, my grandfather gave the pills to my oldest brother, who lived nearby and was the closest thing to a caretaker our grandfather had. His children were too far away, emotionally and otherwise. He told my brother to hold onto the pills until he was ready.
A few weeks later he called, wanting the pills right then, but my brother couldn't come right away and said he would bring them later. My grandfather called back. “You better bring them over soon or don't come over again,” my brother remembers him saying. Then my grandfather called a social worker who in turn called my brother to say he needed to bring the medication. My brother explained that he had not denied our grandfather's request, just that he wasn't able to drive over that minute, and that our grandfather was overreacting as he did every so often. Then my brother called my grandfather back to say he would give him another chance to communicate his feelings without delivering an ultimatum, and that maybe he should sleep on this decision anyhow and they could talk about the pills again tomorrow. My brother is an attorney, and the oldest of five children. He is used to being a mediator.
My grandfather did sleep on it, and changed his mind for then. It wasn't until a month later that my brother sent an email to our small extended family to tell us that our grandfather would “exercise his rights under death with dignity early on the morning of August 26, 2009—a week from today.”
August 26 was the day my grandmother's body had succumbed to cancer, nine years before. He chose to tie himself to his good wife, the one who took him back after he left her, who held a full-time job and raised their children, and who loved him even when others saw him as unlovable. Maybe relying on her one more time made death less frightening.
When the day came, his three children and five of us grandchildren were there. We asked him again if he was sure.
“Yes,” he said.
Then two women from hospice arrived and asked him if he was sure.
“Yes,” he said again.
In the kitchen the women from hospice took the capsules from an orange bottle and broke them open. They dumped the powder over a bowl of applesauce—the same brand of applesauce he had been eating recently to practice swallowing quickly. He needed to be able to get a bowlful down within a matter of minutes. My grandfather sat in the corner by the only window of the small living room in his favorite La-Z-Boy recliner. My family was packed in, some of us on the floor, some on chairs pulled in from the kitchen. I sat on a plastic folding chair, temporary overflow seating for this family event.
The day before he died, we arrived at his apartment in a low-income housing project. Our gathering could have been mistaken for a birthday party, a reunion—anything other than what it was, really.
The night before, my brother had told me what to expect. We would show up to say goodbye, the women from hospice would be there, and then our grandfather would mix the pills with the applesauce and eat it. He said we could leave for this part, go to a park or something. But now that we were here I could not look away.
When one of the women from hospice handed him the bowl of applesauce, ready for consumption, we each leaned in to him and said goodbye. Then he raised his bowl of applesauce with shaky arms and toasted us. “Skol.”
It is difficult to see a bowl of applesauce as a force great enough to stop a heart, a brain, a set of lungs; great enough to move someone from a body to another place. But that white powder, the barbiturates lacing the sauce, was enough to constitute an overdose—the kind that should warrant the seeking of immediate medical help according to standard warning labels. I had never considered how to respond to such an emergency when the person overdosing has done so intentionally, legally, and with a doctor's permission.
While he ate, our eyes were on him, but also darting away, at the floor. It seemed a strange breach of privacy, to watch someone kill himself. Should we hope he couldn't get it down? Pray for success?
After several bites, his body was beginning to visibly sag, his hand, poised on the spoon did not seem able to lift again to his mouth. One of the women from hospice crossed the room and looked at the almost-empty bowl resting on his lap. “That's enough. OK, that's enough.” She patted his knee and took the bowl back to the kitchen, leaving us with him.
Our own functioning nervous systems became hyper-alert to the one failing before us. We could hear his raspy breath, though it seemed to slow with each exhalation. I do not know how long it took, several minutes I think, until his eyes grew too heavy to stay open, so he closed them. Several minutes more until the rattle in his lungs became inaudible.
The woman from hospice held her finger briefly to his wrist and said, “He's gone now.”
Whenever he used to visit the house where I grew up, he would sit for most of the day in the rocking chair in the living room with a heavy book on his lap and read and drink. We could count the number of beers he had by the way that he opened them, tapping the metal top twice before cracking open the tab, tap-tap-pssshhhttt.
When the ambulance arrived to move his body from the La-Z-Boy into a black bag I was at the grocery store, buying a 24 pack of his preferred brand. When I came back, we made the cans go tap-tap-pssshhhttt, and clinked them together. Later, we went to the bookstore. We weren't sure exactly what we were doing there—shopping, saying goodbye, honoring his escape mechanism—just that it felt right.
The day we witnessed his death, we did the things families do. We cried and laughed, ate and drank, told stories and fell silent. I thought about how he wanted us all to be there. I wondered whether he and my grandmother were together. I did not think about my blank ballot until much later.
The Weekend Essay is a Saturday series edited by Leah Reich.
The Cyprus issue is one of the few unresolved conflicts in Europe. At the moment, there are two states on the island: the Republic of Cyprus and the Turkish Republic of Northern Cyprus. At the beginning of this month, another round of negotiations on Cyprus failed in Switzerland. We interviewed the Foreign Minister of the TRNC, Mr. Tahsin Ertugruloglu. We offer to your attention the interview with him.
After the talks in Switzerland did not yield any results some politicians and experts have been expressing that the current basis cannot continue. What is your opinion? Is a settlement in Cyprus put aside?
Regretfully, as far as the solution of the Cyprus problem is considered we are still at the same point we were back in 1963. The partnership Republic of Cyprus which was established in 1960 survived only 3 years as the Greek Cypriots never accepted the Turkish Cypriot people as their equal partners. Greek Cypriot side forcibly expelled the Turkish Cypriot partner from all the state organs, exposing them to inhuman isolations, sieging them into enclaves and eventually forcing them to leave their home country. After 11 years, in 1974, Greek Cypriots tried to get rid of the Turkish Cypriots remaining on the island through a massacre. Turkey intervened based on its rights and obligations deriving from the Treaty of Guarantee and Alliance liberating the Turkish Cypriot people. De facto peace was brought to the island on this date.
Negotiations with the aim of reaching a sustainable settlement respecting the interests of the both sides have continued since 1968. The negotiations which have lasted almost 50 years has come to an end following the latest series of conferences, namely the first conference on Cyprus which took place on 12 January 2017 in Geneva, Switzerland and the second Conference on Cyprus in Crans-Montana between 28 June and 7 July 2017. As is the common practice, Conferences on Cyprus failed due to the reluctance of the Greek Cypriot side to get into a new partnership with the Turkish Cypriot side based on power-sharing and political equality. In fact, this was no surprise.
Today, we are observing that the Greek Cypriot side has maintained its stance since 1963. Unfortunately the Greek Cypriot side maintain its intention to extend its authority over the whole island and maintain the sole control over the partnership Republic it had unilaterally usurped in 1963 to this date and regretfully does not give up its intentions to extend its authority over the whole island.
The current process under the auspices of the Mission of Good Offices with the aim of reaching a settlement based on the UN parameters of a bi-zonal, bi-communal federation with political equality has collapsed. All the efforts towards this end did not yield any results. As the recent process has proven to be a failure, it needs to be acknowledged that a settlement on this basis is not possible. Expecting to reach different result following the same path is far from reality. Hence, it is not meaningful to insist on the Mission of Good Offices of the UN and the UN parameters. Turkish Cypriot People does not have 50 more years to loose. I believe that this period needs to be utilized to put the Cyprus problem on a realistic ground based on good neighborly relations of two states.
Does the TRNC have any alternative plans in the case of the Greek Cypriot side's insistence on their demands?
50 year-long negotiation process has shown that the respective positions and the visions of the two sides on the resolution of the Cyprus issue are diametrically opposed. Despite the sincere efforts of the Turkish Cypriots, as one of the co-owners of the Island, to reach a sustainable settlement based on equal partnership, the Greek Cypriot side, claiming that Cyprus is an Helenic land, followed an hegemonicapproach which strongly opposed a settlement that puts the Turkish Cypriots on an equal basis with them. It is clear that the Greek Cypriot approach is legally, politically and historically unacceptable and baseless. A change in the Greek Cypriot position is not expected in the aftermath of Crans-Montana.
Geography compels the two politically equal peoples of Cyprus to be in a good neighborly relations and find mutual accommodation to their problems. Having failed all efforts to do this through a federal partnership, we must now direct our efforts to finding new and realistic ways to promote mutual respect and peaceful co-existence as good neighbors. This is both our vision and responsibility to future generations.
During the talks in Switzerland, the Greek Cypriot side has leaked information to the media. In fact this is part of the information propaganda of the Greek Cypriot Administration and the Greek Lobby against Turkey and TRNC. Is there any initiative against this on the side of Turkey and TRNC?
Turkish Cypriots are not out of options. TRNC is continuing its consultations/evaluations with Motherland Turkey. Respecting the interests of both Turkish Cypriots, as an inseparable part of Turkish nation, and Motherland Turkey, we will continue to follow our common path.
The Greek Cypriot side does not refrain from utilizing every possible step in order to strengthen its own position and impose its own parameters upon Turkish Cypriots. We call the international community to acknowledge this insincere approach of the Greek Cypriot side which have dominated the 50-year long negotiation process. ​
A new phase is being entered with the end of the current process. We have to build the future of Cyprus taking into account the realities, which are acknowledged by all concerned, of the island. Peace and tranquility is prevailing in Cyprus since 1974. This stability has contributed to the development of both Turkish Cypriots and Greek Cypriots as well as helping to create an environment where both peoples live in prosperity. There are two separate democracies, two separate States on the island. The only way to continue this stability and continue the development of both Peoples goes through finding ways to enable the two States to live side by side in peace. We sincerely believe that, there exists many possible areas of cooperation within the spirit of good neighborly relations.
As you would remember, during the Annan Plan referendum, Mr. Günther Verheugen, the Enlargement Commissioner of that time, promised to lift the isolations on the Turkish Cypriots. Nevertheless, this promise has quickly been forgotten. Do you think that this promise needs to be reminded to European Union especially after the Greek Cypriot's sabotage of the negotiations?
A reflection of the Greek Cypriot side's insincerity at the negotiation table is their efforts to isolate the Turkish Cypriot people while the negotiation process continue. The Turkish Cypriot people have faced unjust and inhuman isolations. These isolations, which are against all international norms and rights, are not only hampering normalization of the relations but also served to expand the gap of confidence between two peoples of the Island. There is a huge responsibility on the shoulders of the international community to urgently remove these unwarranted and undeserved restrictions. We call on the international community in general and European Union, to immediately take this long-standing humanitarian and ethical responsibility.
In anticipation for Season 10, we asked the Face Off judges – Glenn Hetrick, Ve Neill and Neville Page, along with host McKenzie Westmore – two important questions.
What is your favorite challenge from the first 5 episodes of Season 10? If you were a contestant, what kind of creature would you have created for this challenge?
Here's how each of them answered:
Glenn Hetrick
Favorite Face Off challenge:
For me, I really love the “Foreign Bodies” challenge in episode 5. I love that type of stuff because I am huge into video games.
What would you have done?
For this challenge, I would have done a spin of a Resident Evil character. I think my design would have had a parasite that was fully formed inside that was coming out and then using part of the host body as its outer skin.
Ve Neill
Favorite Face Off challenge:
I loved the challenge from episode two, “Child's Play” inspired by Pee-wee's Playhouse.
What would you have done?
Oh that is a tough one! It would be hard to imagine bringing something to life that Pee-wee hasn't already done. Perhaps I would improve an etch-a-sketch or a marionette puppet. Or, even though it has been done before, I would like to bring a superhero to life. I love the whimsy of this challenge. I actually worked with Pee-wee on Playhouse and loved seeing the kooky stuff he came up with.
Neville Page
Favorite Face Off challenge:
My favorite challenge is from Episode 1 “Wanted Dead or Alive,” the bounty hunter challenge. I love the classic nature of this challenge. Because it is a staple and has been done so much it places a greater demand on coming up with something new: I love that type of challenge.
What would you have done?
If I were to create a creature for this I'd first try to understand its world (or create its world). Knowing the rules is key to having a direction to take as well as sustaining cohesion with regard to aesthetics and function. One very important thing to consider is to NOT use the design of the spaceship in your alien. My opinion. But, if you look at the similarities of humans compared to our vehicles, we look nothing like a boat, plane or car. The spaceship IS useful information, however. It can inform culture, technology, evolution, intelligence, utility vs. aesthetics, etc. However, you can also ignore it entirely and make the assumption that the bounty hunter stole the ship from an entirely different alien.
In other words, these are your creative choices to make. Just have reason behind them.
McKenzie Westmore
Favorite Face Off challenge:
My favorite [was] Pee-wee's Playhouse. Everything about it was so fun!
What would you have done?
As we were doing the challenge, I remember talking to Ve about what object I would make a creature with. There were giant roller skates that I think could have made a really cool make-up. You'll have to tune-in to see what objects the contestants used, and you might be surprised by their choices because I was!
Face Off Season 10 premieres Wednesday, January 13 at 9/8 CT. Read our recaps here!
ISLAMABAD - The United States has renewed pressure on Pakistan to expand the areas where CIA drones can operate inside the country, reflecting concern that the U.S. war effort in Afghanistan is being undermined by insurgents' continued ability to take sanctuary across the border, U.S. and Pakistani officials said.
The U.S. appeal has focused on the area surrounding the Pakistani city of Quetta, where the Afghan Taliban leadership is thought to be based. But the request also seeks to expand the boundaries for drone strikes in the tribal areas, which have been targeted in 101 attacks this year, the officials said.
Pakistan has rejected the request, officials said. Instead, the country has agreed to more modest measures, including an expanded CIA presence in Quetta, where the agency and Pakistan's Inter-Services Intelligence (ISI) directorate have established teams seeking to locate and capture senior members of the Taliban.
The disagreement over the scope of the drone program underscores broader tensions between the United States and Pakistan, wary allies that are increasingly pointing fingers at one another over the rising levels of insurgent violence on both sides of the Afghan-Pakistan border.
Senior Pakistani officials expressed resentment over what they described as misplaced U.S. pressure to do more, saying the United States has not controlled the Afghan side of the border, is preoccupied by arbitrary military deadlines and has little regard for Pakistan's internal security problems.
"You expect us to open the skies for anything that you can fly," said a high-ranking Pakistani intelligence official, who described the Quetta request as an affront to Pakistani sovereignty. "In which country can you do that?"
U.S. officials confirmed the request for expanded drone flights. They cited concern that Quetta functions not only as a sanctuary for Taliban leaders but also as a base for sending money, recruits and explosives to Taliban forces inside Afghanistan.
"If they understand our side, they know the patience is running out," a senior NATO military official said.
The CIA's drone campaign in Pakistan has accelerated dramatically in recent months, with 47 attacks recorded since the beginning of September, according to The Long War Journal, a Web site that tracks the strikes. By contrast, there were 45 strikes in the first five years of the drone program.
But Pakistan places strict boundaries on where CIA drones can fly. The unmanned aircraft may patrol designated flight "boxes" over the country's tribal belt but not other provinces, including Baluchistan, which encompasses Quetta.
"They want to increase the size of the boxes, they want to relocate the boxes," a second Pakistani intelligence official said of the latest U.S. requests. "I don't think we are going to go any further."
He and others spoke on condition of anonymity, citing the clandestine nature of a program that neither government will publicly acknowledge.
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Australia detains all those who arrive by boat to seek asylum
A psychiatrist says the Australian government sought to cover up the extent of mental health problems among children held in asylum detention.
The comments came at a national human rights inquiry into the treatment of children in immigration detention.
His claim came a day after church leaders accused Australia of holding children in "inhumane" conditions.
The government rejected that as "offensive". It says it is working to reduce the number of child detainees.
Dr Peter Young worked for International Health and Mental Services, a provider of health services at detention centres contracted by the government.
He told the Australian Human Rights Commission inquiry that he had collected figures showing "significant" mental health problems among child detainees, according to the Australian Broadcasting Corporation.
His company provided this data to the Immigration Department which then "reacted with alarm and asked us to withdraw these figures from our reporting", he said.
Australia and asylum
Asylum-seekers - mainly from Afghanistan, Sri Lanka, Iraq and Iran - travel to Australia's Christmas Island on rickety boats from Indonesia
The number of boats rose sharply in 2012 and the beginning of 2013, and scores of people have died making the journey
Everyone who arrives is detained. They are processed in camps in Christmas Island, Nauru and Papua New Guinea. Those found to be refugees will be resettled in PNG, not Australia
The government is believed to be towing boats back to Indonesia. It has also returned asylum seekers intercepted at sea to Sri Lanka.
Right groups and the UN have voiced serious concerns about the policies.
Later in the inquiry, Immigration Department Secretary Martin Bowles said he was not present when the contractor was allegedly asked to withdraw the figures and said: "If our staff did an inappropriate thing, then I will deal with that."
A spokesman for Immigration Minister Scott Morrison told the BBC that the government would await the inquiry's outcome as well as "any supportive evidence" in the final report.
He stressed that the current government had reduced the number of children in detention by almost 35% since taking power last year.
'State-sanctioned child abuse'
On Wednesday, the Australian Churches Refugee Taskforce released a report condemning the lack of protection for child detainees and recommending that an independent guardian be appointed.
The chairman of the taskforce, Anglican Dean Peter Catt, told reporters that the government had ignored independent evidence about the plight of the children, and that this amounted to "state-sanctioned child abuse".
Mr Morrison's spokesman said such claims were "shocking and offensive and the minister rejects these categorically", adding that the government was committed to ensuring children were protected from exploitation and abuse.
Last week, Australia's top human rights official Gillian Triggs voiced concern over the welfare of children at the Christmas Island detention centre and said there had been a spike in self-harm cases.
Australia detains all those who arrive by boat to seek asylum. Detainees are held on Christmas Island and in camps in Papua New Guinea (PNG) and Nauru. The UN and rights groups have strongly condemned conditions in the offshore camps.
The government says its tough asylum policies are intended to save lives by stopping people getting on dangerous boats to make the journey to Australia.
''If there's no major reduction in Government loans and grants, we're in good shape,'' said Donald Routh, dean for financial aid. ''If there are reductions, then we have some very realproblems.''
Around the country, campus press editorials and a scattering of demonstrations have protested the proposed rises in tuition and other fees. While some officials and students talk about ''pricing ourselves out of the market'' or ''getting beyond what the traffic will bear,'' for the most part they report a mood of near resignation to what is considered inevitable. Some Students Protest
At Fordham University, which has announced 13 and 14 percent increases in tuition, a demonstration was held recently on the Bronx campus, where total fees will go from $3,750 to $4,240. Seven students carried signs and chanted in the cold for 15 minutes before jamming their signs in the door of the administration building and dispersing.
Students at New York University were described as ''complaining'' about increases of 14 percent for tuition, to $5,770, and 12 percent for living costs, but they were said to be more immediately concerned about possible cuts in Federal aid. Housing at N.Y.U. will go to $1,430 and the maximum meal plan charge to $1,384.
Putting the blame on inflation, college officials cite soaring costs of fuel and insulation programs, food and equipment, as well as relatively modest faculty and staff salary increases of 9 to 13 percent. Administrators note in passing that income from endowments and other sources is not keeping pace with inflation.
Announcing that Yale's undergraduate bill would be $10,340, President A. Bartlett Giamatti called it ''as low as it can possibly be'' in the face of energy costs, a decline in the purchasing power of endowments and Yale's decision to increase salaries.
Columbia and Barnard, which expect to announce increases of at least 12 percent, to about $10,300 and $8,840, respectively, are among the schools citing a need for improved security to justify the rises. State University Fees Up
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
Tuition increases of at least 11 percent at the State University of New York - to $1,000 or $1,050 for undergraduates on 29 four-year campuses, compared with $550 a decade ago - were tentatively approved this month in an attempt to save most of the 440 faculty and nonfaculty positions believed lost in Governor Carey's proposed 1981-82 budget. The trustees also raised next year's dormitory fees by $150 a year, to $1,100.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
The breaching of both $1,000 levels, while psychologically dramatic in the state-supported system, still leaves the state university's 10-year increase slightly below the now typical 100 percent rate.
Although the City University of New York is also heavily dependent on the state budget, it plans to remain at the $900 mark, reached four years after its schools began charging for tuition in 1976. ''We have absolutely no intention of increasing the tuition for next year,'' said James P. Murphy, chairman of the board of trustees.
Total fees on nearly all campuses have at least doubled in the past decade - a period when the national consumer price index was rising 112 percent - and most picked up speed in the later years. At Brown University, for example, next year's $10,242 comprehensive fee is up 110 percent from $4,890 in 1970-71 and 78 percent from $5,750 in 1975.
Princeton will break its own records with a 15 percent increase in tuition to $7,250. The total charges come to $9,994 -a 133 percent increase in the last decade. However, students and their families are urged to count also on an allowance of $1,055 (up from this year's $975 estimate) for such expenses as books and laundry -not to mention the beer-and-skittles part of education - bringing the recognized total to $11,049. Bennington at High End
With a mere 12.3 percent rise in total fees, Bennington College in Vermont may still present the nation's most expensive undergraduate bill: $10,560 for tuition, room and board. At Wesleyan University in Middletown, Conn., a planned 15 percent increase will bring student fees to $9,780, of which $6,850 is for tuition.
Like many other schools, Harvard University cited ''steady inflation and rising energy costs'' for its $1,370 increase in undergraduate charges to $10,540, with tuition alone up 15.5 percent to $6,930. Henry Rosovsky, dean of the faculty of arts and sciences, said an 80 percent rise in the price of steam for heat and hot water had contributed to Harvard's current annual energy bill of $27 million, up 25 percent in a year.
Like other schools, too, Harvard maintains that ''families will still allocate about the same percentage of income in real dollars'' because college charges have only paralleled the inflation in the nation's disposable personal income.
Many students and parents, however, note that money intended for college does not always come out of current income. When Deborah Levinger, a Brandeis University freshman from Sioux City, Iowa., started planning and saving for college five years ago, for example, she thought the money earmarked would last her through graduate school, with ''maybe a little left over.''
''But now, by the time I get to grad school, I won't have any money at all,'' said Miss Levinger, whose 1981-82 tuition, board and room will be $9,824, compared with this year's $8,574. ''The cost is outrageous, but what can I do? Other schools I've looked at are in about the same range.''
NO Haredi Jews are human! they are all REPTILIAN! No humans would ever willingly live such a crazy extremely overly strict and opressive lifestyle!
The human Jews are mainly in the modern Orthodox, Conservative, and Reform sects of Judaism!
The only ultra orthodox or properly called frum Jews are that are human are Jews who have been FORCED AGAINST THEIR WILL TO BE VERY RELIGIOUS/FRUM!
The frum sect of Judaism as a whole is VERY EVIL!!!
No ultra orthodox Jews that are human are willingly very religious!
It is only there to horribly oppress humans, Jewish humans mainly, which there are plenty of in the world!
Ultra orthodox/frum Judaism HORRIBLY oppresses women!!!
The reptilian Jewish women who are frum which is the VAST majority of them will claim they are not oppressed at all, they will claim that their laws regarding women are good laws and that they love living their lifestyle.
They don't actually believe their gender modesty laws which are the main laws that horribly oppress women(and men) are actually true!! THEY KNOW THOSE LAWS AND CUSTOMS ARE FALSE!!!
They have to pretend to genuenly live those crazy lifestyles so that they have the grounds to try to force it upon humans! and give them the ground to look down upon and put down Jews who do not are not frum!
Obviously if they outwardly did not live a frum lifestyle then it would defeat them being able to force it upon humans!
No Jews in the biblical times covered their hair(once married) covered their arms, their knees, none wore collars specifically up to their collar bone.
There is NOTHING immodest about a girls arms showing above the elbows, anyone and I mean ANYONE who genuenly believes that a girls arms showing above the elbows is immodest are INSANE and are not human at all and are nothing but reptilians!
How can a girl are OR shoulders showing be immodest when there is no private parts showing at all! EXACTLY!
NO Jews in the biblical times practiced the "no touching the opposite gender rule" which means they will speak to the opposite gender an acceptable amount, but will NEVER have any physical contact with them asides from their spouse and close family members!
Their excuse for that insane rule is that if men and women start shaking hands, putting their arms around each other like in a picture, or hugging each other, that it will lead to them cheating on their spouse! because they are crazy.
Well i'm sure LOTS of frum men and women cheat on their spouces but you will NEVER KNOW because they strictly live frum lives as far as out in public goes!!
I say that because reptilians are degraded slutty whores who are ALWAYS SECRETLY SLEEPING AROUND, period!
NO Jews in the biblical times were abstinent! all post pubescent males in that time masturbated a hell of a lot, and had premarital sex! which is OK! if you actually know them!
and masturbation is not harmful when your balls are producing endless amounts of sperm in the millions every day!!
Masturbation is not WASTING when all the sperm created in your balls dies within a couple weeks and gets absorbed back into the body anyways, so I guess that you are wasting your sperm no differently if you masturbated even when you are celibate >:)
Frum Jews will LIE and say that biblical Jews did everything frum Jews do today, when THEY DID NOT!!
The mainstream frum sects of Judaism practice the no touching the opposite gender rule, but they ALL speak to the opposite gender a decent amount, while many of the Haredi ether limit how much they speak to the opposite gender to hardly speaking to the opposite gender to MANY of the NOT SPEAKING TOT HE OPPOSITE Genders AT ALL!
The Haredi Jews practice actual gender separation in their whole daily lives while the main stream frum Jews do not!! the mainstream frum Jews will admit that Jews do not have to segregate themselves from the opposite gender in their daily lives while many Haredi will say that it is an actual rule!! when that rule cannot be found ANYWHERE in the Torah, PROVING THAT THE HAREDI JEWS MAKE UP INSANE LAWS, which proves that all sects of frum Judaism have made up all the other insane laws! since NONE OF THEM are stated in exact words in the Torah!!!!
They act like the "no speaking to the opposite gender custom" is an actual rule(while even the main stream frum Jews will admit there is no rule in all of Judaism saying that Jews can't speak to each other, and that Jews are allowed to speak to each other casually a normal amount) so that proves that all of frum Judaism is a hoax when you have the Haredi Jews who greatly limit to not speaking to the opposite gender at all, a big insane law of theirs that is totally made up, which shows that since they make up a whole bunch of HORRIBLE bs, ALL SECTS OF FRUM JUDAISM HAVE DONE THAT, resulting in ALL the modesty laws of ultra orthodox Judaism!
It's all very sad, the frum Judaism definition of modesty is CRAZY! and VERY NEUROTIC!
As long as girls have no private parts showing then that is modest enough!
The fact that frum women have to cover their arms up to their elbows while men with their very attractive big muscular arms do NOT have to cover their arms at all, when women pay attention to guys arms and are attracted to guys arms a lot more than men pay attention to women's arms and are attracted to women's arms, just shows how FALSE the law of women having to cover their arms is! and women are just as attracted to men as men are to women, women, and you have just as many men who control their sexual urges as well as women, and just as many women who have a lack of control over their sexual urges as much as men, SO THAT IS NO EXCUSE!
and that the law of women covering their arms was made up by EVIL REPTILIANS who posed as great rabbi's and sages when they were really FRAUDS!!
I could go on for ages and ages, but that is enough that you can see that frum Judaism just like Catholicism is very evil and is only created to horribly oppress humans and make our lives very miserable!
Conservative Judaism like original biblical Judaism is not evil AT ALL!
Neil deGrasse Tyson was not among those of you unreservedly cheering the implications of Jeff Bezos's tweet last week announcing that the Amazon founder's private space venture had sent a rocket on a test flight up to almost 330,000 feet and successfully landed it back on earth.
I know, because I interviewed Tyson himself a few weeks ago, and one of the things we talked about – which didn't make it into my piece then – was his disappointment with how private space efforts seem to be leapfrogging the government's interest in funding and pursuing such things.
DON'T MISS: Is Comcast's new Stream TV service as bad as it seems for net neutrality? No, it's even worse
Sure, the famed astrophysicist is happy these kinds of things get us collectively looking to the stars. Indeed, each new advancement by space-obsessed billionaires like Bezos, Elon Musk and others tends to be met not only with predictably breathless coverage about how much closer we are to conquering the final frontier but also how these accomplished men with a singular vision are pressing forward at a time when governments don't seem to have as much appetite for exploration anymore.
It's that last part that bothers Tyson, who's the Frederick P. Rose director of the Hayden Planetarium in New York City.
“Private enterprise will never lead a space frontier,” Tyson told me in a phone interview. “In all the history of human conduct, it's as clear to me as day follows night that private enterprise won't do that, because it's expensive. It's dangerous. You have uncertainty and risks, because you're dealing with things that haven't been done before. That's what it means to be on a frontier.”
Imagine a meeting between a space-obsessed entrepreneur and a venture capitalist, Tyson suggested. “We want your investment.” For what? “To go to space.” Why? “We want to put humans on Mars.” How much will it cost? “A lot. People might die.” What's the return on investment? “Probably nothing in the short term, but later on you'll make money.”
It's not a perfect comparison, since the likes of Bezos and Musk have deep enough pockets to fund much of what they want to do, but the larger point remains.
“The government is better suited to these kinds of investments,” Tyson told me. “They have a longer time horizon. They're not shackled to quarterly reports like you see in a private enterprise.”
A few months before he died in February, legendary New York Times reporter David Carr wrote a post for Medium in which he said a version of that same thing. His post suggested we as a country have lost something by deferring to well-financed geeks with fungible priorities when it comes to our space program.
“Why spend money on space, which is and always has been a non-economic endeavor?” Carr wrote. “In part, because we are still coasting on the achievements of the giants who came before us. We have let them down, let ourselves down, and become a country where dreams and aspirations are shrinking. We create magical devices — manufactured elsewhere — that sit in our palms and can tell us there is good pizza around the corner, but we can't get our hands around a version of our future that unpacks the mysteries of the great beyond. America is no longer that kind of place, that kind of country, that kind of ideal.”
Given the kinds of things national lawmakers busy themselves with arguing over these days, the secrets of the cosmos probably aren't sliding up the list of strategic imperatives anytime soon. And so the race to space by big money expeditionaries continues, while the press and public understandably gawk – and wonder.
By themselves these are of course laudable feats. In his first-ever tweet last week, Bezos – who backs the privately funded space company Blue Origin – happily announced his venture's landing of a rocket on earth after having sent it out into space. Video of the landing, shown below, captured the historic descent to earth of Blue Origin's New Shepard space vehicle, named in honor of Alan Shepard, the first American in space.
Reusable rockets are everything when it comes to a sustainable vision of human space travel. It just doesn't work if they're all completely spent after coming home from a mission. Bezos said as much in a post-landing statement, saying “Full reuse is a game changer, and we can't wait to fuel up and fly again.”
For his part, SpaceX CEO Elon Musk is expected to try again in a few months to land his company's Falcon 9 rocket after previous landing attempts on a floating platform failed for a variety of reasons. It should also be noted – his and Bezos' efforts don't lend themselves to perfect comparisons. Blue Origin's recent flight took its vehicle just a hair above 100 kilometers. SpaceX is designing rockets to soar to more like 90,000 kilometers.
Nevertheless, celebrations were in order last week. Video of the New Shepard landing showed the Blue Origin team, with a champagne-popping Bezos at the center, cheering, ecstatic, no doubt already giddy over the prospect of more launches and landings to come.
“We are building Blue Origin to seed an enduring human presence in space, to help us move beyond this blue planet that is the origin of all we know,” Bezos said in a blog post. “We are pursuing this vision patiently, step-by-step. Our fantastic team in Kent, Van Horn and Cape Canaveral is working hard not just to build space vehicles, but to bring closer the day when millions of people can live and work in space.”
He ends the post with the Latin phrase Gradatim Ferociter.
It can loosely be translated, “Step by step, ferociously.”
The Russian government is debating whether to turn Edward Snowden over to the United States as a “gift” to President Donald Trump, reports claim.
According to NBC News, a senior U.S. official with access to “highly sensitive intelligence reports” says the Russians may hand over the former NSA contractor in order to “curry favor” with the president. The account was also reportedly corroborated by a second source, who stated that conversations and notes on the topic had been collected since the inauguration.
Ben Wizner, Snowden's lawyer from the ACLU, told NBC News that his team had “received no such signals and has no new reason for concern.” And while the White House declined to comment, the Justice Department, which is currently pursuing federal charges against the whistleblower, said it would welcome Snowden's return. Dmitry Peskov, a spokesman for Russian President Vladimir Putin, labeled the claims “nonsense.”
Former deputy director of the CIA Michael Morell had suggested in January that Russia hand over Snowden as an inauguration gift to Trump. Maria Zakharova, a spokeswoman for the Russian Ministry of Foreign Affairs, condemned the suggestion at the time and stated that Snowden's asylum had been extended for several years.
Reacting to the news on Twitter, Snowden used the report to reject claims from his opponents that he had cooperated with Russian intelligence.
“Finally: irrefutable evidence that I never cooperated with Russian intel. No country trades away spies, as the rest would fear they're next,” Snowden said.
Finally: irrefutable evidence that I never cooperated with Russian intel. No country trades away spies, as the rest would fear they're next. https://t.co/YONqZ1gYqm — Edward Snowden (@Snowden) February 10, 2017
Although a recent poll found more Americans support a pardon for Snowden than prosecution, President Trump and several members of his administration have been staunchly opposed to the ex-NSA analyst.
Trump has repeatedly called Snowden a “traitor” and even called for his execution. CIA Director Mike Pompeo has similarly called for Snowden to receive the “death sentence.”
Although more than 1 million Americans signed a petition asking for Snowden to be pardoned, the request was denied by then President Barack Obama days before he left office.
Radio talk show host Alex Jones last November called on Donald Trump prior to his inauguration to pardon Snowden as well.
All too often in away Tests, MS Dhoni and Duncan Fletcher have been happy to sit back and wait instead of going on the attack © AFP
Unless New Zealand make a generous declaration and India bat out of their skins on day five, India will have gone 14 Tests and three years without an overseas Test win. Only Zimbabwe have a poorer record over the same period. Admittedly 14 is not a huge number, but that only accentuates the lop-sidedness of the ICC rankings, which give no weightage to how well you have performed away.
However, it is not like India haven't had opportunities to win over the last three years. They shut down a chase in Dominica when there was no way they could have lost the Test; they had an outside chance at Lord's; they were favourites to win Trent Bridge after two days; they had a good chance to put one past Australia at the MCG; and they had chances of their lifetimes at the Wanderers and Basin Reserve. Except for the Wanderers, there is a common thread running through these missed opportunities: a leadership group adamant that modern cricket is all about drying up runs, and a man signing autographs at the deep-point fence.
These turning points have been mentioned before, but they are worth repeating. At Lord's, England went into lunch on day four at 72 for 5, effectively 260 for 5. Ishant Sharma had just bowled a spell of 5-3-4-3, which included two great deliveries to get Kevin Pietersen and Ian Bell out. The ball was only 31 overs old. Forty minutes later, MS Dhoni began the middle session with Suresh Raina and Harbhajan Singh. Yes, India had lost Zaheer Khan, but what was the harm in going down slinging if you were going down anyway?
At Trent Bridge, India had England down at 124 for 8, but fearing an apocalyptic counter-attack from Stuart Broad and Tim Bresnan, India went on the defensive again, losing all momentum. In the second innings they refused to take a bona fide run-out, a last moment of inspiration that could have galvanised them. The next two Tests were just a nightmarish daze featuring Alastair Cook and an unfit RP Singh.
In Australia, India's fight lasted only one Test, but what an opportunity it was. At the MCG, you have Australia down at 214 for 6 on day one, a real opportunity in front of you, and Brad Haddin has just arrived, but you bowl to him with a long-on, a deep midwicket and a deep fine leg. In the second innings you have them down at 27 for 4 but are almost coy about attacking, thinking about saving runs and thus getting wickets. After that the tour is a recurring reel of Ishant dropping Michael Clarke, and David Warner pulverising the four Indian horsemen of the apocalypse on the quickest pitch of them all.
There is a common thread running through these missed opportunities: a leadership group adamant that modern cricket is all about drying up runs, and a man signing autographs at the deep-point boundary
In Johannesburg, Dhoni had three fast bowlers who maintained the intensity, and he broke away from type, but something about the closeness of the match told you this was the last time in a long time that he would be risking it all. Sure enough, in the second Test he refused to take the new ball until he was forced to do so after 146 overs, preferring to sit and wait than to take wickets to slow runs down, a tactic that drew criticism from Rahul Dravid, a man who rarely criticises.
Over to Wellington then. On the third morning, his quicks have nicked three men out, New Zealand are five down with about 130 required to make India bat again, the ball is about 45 overs old, and here we have Ishant bowling to Brendon McCullum with no slips and a 6-3 leg-side field. The dropped catch at silly mid-on will be pointed out, which is fair enough, in that an opportunity was created, but in the desire to place men to snap up that rarest of catches, India sacrificed the slips and not the boundary riders.
Ravindra Jadeja bowled 24 unthreatening overs on the afternoon, many of them from over the stumps, just because he was keeping the runs down. He bowled with a long-on and long-off throughout for McCullum, who was happy to milk the singles. This is not to take away from McCullum's effort, but Dhoni underestimated him, in that he tried to block his release shots, expecting a poor shot around the corner. In a marvellous innings, McCullum showed he had enough restraint and discipline to not hole out to those deep fielders. When a slip catch did arrive with New Zealand still less than 100 for 5, India had only one man stationed there, which, as William Shakespeare wrote, was neither here nor there.
Ravindra Jadeja was tidy but posed little threat, and he was still persisted with for 24 overs in the afternoon © AFP
It's not that this strategy hasn't worked for Dhoni, but it has worked only in home Tests, where he has actually been able to build up pressure through his spinners. It has worked for him in ODIs. Nor have developments in modern cricket been lost on this space. The bats are heavier, the batsmen are bolder, they generally prefer hitting a slightly risky four to taking four risk-free singles, so captains make them pick up the singles, and boundaries early in the innings give them great confidence, etc. Nor can it be denied that Dhoni doesn't have a Mitchell Johnson or a Dale Steyn in his attack. Or even Ryan Harris. Or even Neil Wagner.
But how defensive is too defensive? Even the fourth day began with New Zealand practically 6 for 5. It was a tense time for the batsmen, who would have had to start afresh against bowlers who had had a night's rest. A wicket in the first session would have reaffirmed India's position as favourites to win the Test. The ball was only 19 overs old. The first ball of the day hit the shoulder of McCullum's bat after seaming away a touch. Still it took India only seven overs to begin to resort to denial as a means of taking wickets. And if India struggled on day four, the seeds for it were sown on the third afternoon when McCullum was allowed to bed in amid strange fields.
It became ridiculous at times. Dhoni once asked Ishant and Mohammed Shami to bowl from round the stumps with a 7-2 off-side field. As a bowler it is difficult to keep up with such fancies. When Rohit Sharma bowled, he had a slip stationed where one would be for fast bowlers. Sunil Gavaskar was so baffled he said, "This one takes the cake. No, this one takes the whole bakery." Throughout, Dhoni kept following the ball, placing fielders wherever the shot went. Those who have watched many of these Tests at the grounds remember all too clearly how a fielder who goes to fetch the ball from the boundary rarely comes back: he is stationed there. Most memorably it happened when Jacques Kallis reverse-swept - yes, reverse-swept - Harbhajan Singh for a four at Newlands, and a deep point was placed instantly.
It has been stated previously that Dhoni is a great ODI batsman, a very good ODI captain and Test captain at home, and that he was just the leader of men India needed after the fractious Greg Chappell regime, but in overseas Tests he always seems to lose the big moments.
You can't blame Dhoni alone, though. The other half of this leadership team is a coach who can be credited with giving Test cricket deep point. Dhoni already was a captain who thought New Zealand need to be set 617 to preserve a series lead. And he met a man who defended the idea that India could lose seven wickets in 15 overs if they went for a 2-0 series win as opposed to 1-0. Between the two of them, they will go any length to save boundaries and eliminate risk.
India have been lucky that these last two "series" have each been only two Tests long. India were competitive in the initial parts of the England and Australia series too. Once they lost the big moments, the rest of those tours were a blur of defeats. India's next two assignments won't be so short. It will be imperative they win the big moments in the initial stages otherwise it is quite possible they will come back with a nightmarish haze. Has India reached the stage where they could do with a Test captain who will be more authoritative in those big moments?
Sidharth Monga is an assistant editor at ESPNcricinfo
© ESPN Sports Media Ltd.
The goal of the operation was simple and humanitarian: retrieve four corpses that had been rotting for weeks in this war-torn southeastern city.
A brief cease-fire was worked out in indirect talks between local Turkish authorities and young Kurdish militants holed up in a historic district of the city.
For a moment, it seemed a constellation of factors had aligned for success. Ambulances, local officials, rights groups, security forces, and media turned up for the extraction, which sought to alleviate the suffering of the bereaved families on hunger strike.
But an hour later, clashes erupted anew, the plan was scrapped, and everyone beat a retreat, evidence that both Turkey and the outlawed Kurdistan Workers' Party (PKK) are giving no quarter in this phase of their decades-old conflict over greater Kurdish rights and autonomy.
When the fighting reignited in July, it ended a two-year peace process that saw Kurdish culture flourish and political participation increase. But both sides now feel the time is right to press their advantage militarily, analysts say.
Bolstered by recent parliamentary elections that saw the party of President Recip Tayip Erdoğan regain its majority, the government is determined to crush the PKK before even considering a return to talks.
For its part, the PKK has been emboldened by Kurdish military successes in Syria and Kurdish fighters' increased visibility and legitimacy as a vital ally in the US-led fight against the Islamic State (IS).
But the Kurds' very successes against IS, which created a more cohesive swath of autonomous Kurdish territory in northern Syria, magnified Turkey's concerns about Kurdish autonomy on its own side of the border.
“This war in the cities is a result of the conflict in Syria,” says Muhittin Kilic, a merchant in Diyarbakir. “Turkey does not accept the Kurdish cantons that were set up there, but the Kurds will not turn back now. We have no problem with the Turkish people but we want self-administration.”
Military operations continue
Today, the prospects for peace between Turkey and the PKK appear increasingly slim.
Ali Ihsan Gultekin, of the rights group Mazlumder, voiced frustration that the combatants in Diyarbakir couldn't manage even the briefest of cease-fires. “Until the PKK disarms, these operations will continue – that's the message from the state,” he says. “While the PKK says ‘if you disturb us in Rojava [Kurdish-controlled areas of Syria], we will make this area hell.'”
Many in Diyarbakir, which Turkish Kurds see as their capital, worry that the PKK – which has camps in the Qandil Mountains of northern Iraq – will launch more serious attacks when snow gives way to spring. Turkish jets have been pounding the Kurdish insurgents in what it describes as a broader war on terror, including against IS jihadists. But Turkey's critics say it is devoting more of its firepower against the Kurds.
The fighting has been particularly grim in urban areas, with tens of thousands fleeing their homes to avoid being caught in the crossfire. Many describe it as the worst violence since the dark decade of the nineties, all the more brutal as it plays out in urban rather than rural areas.
Kurds represent the fourth largest ethnic group in the Middle East, but their ambitions of statehood were thwarted after World War I. In Turkey, they make up a fifth of the population – at least 20 million by most estimates – and have long clamored for greater linguistic and cultural rights as well as greater self-governance.
When Mr. Erdoğan was prime minister, his government went further than others in terms of making reforms. Erdoğan was crucial to opening talks with the PKK, which culminated in a 10-point peace plan. But wariness of the Kurds' rise in Syria coupled with the collapse of the cease-fire has translated into a tougher line against the PKK.
Electoral calculations
Many in Diyarbakir see the turnabout as punishment for the success of a pro-Kurdish party that entered parliament in June at the expense of seats for Erdoğan's ruling party. After failed coalition talks, the ruling party restored its majority in November elections. Many hoped that the dust would settle and talks resume after the vote.
Instead the violence escalated, reflecting new agendas in both camps.
“After seeing the results of the Nov. 1 elections, Ankara decided to continue its pro-conflict mentality,” says Metin Gurcan, a columnist at Al-Monitor who served as a Turkish military adviser between 2002 and 2008. “Ankara needs conflict [to create the political environment] to discuss changing the political system in Turkey from a parliamentary one to a presidential one.”
The PKK, meanwhile, has grown emboldened by its increased international legitimacy after the successes of its affiliates in Syria. In Turkey, the militant movement took advantage of the cease-fire years to stockpile weapons in urban areas and establish an underground state in parts of southeastern Turkey, complete with courts and tax collection offices.
“The government decided that they would cut this once and for good, so they responded to the PKK end of the cease-fire with a huge amount of force,” says Soner Cagaptay, a Turkey expert at the Washington Institute for Near East Policy, noting Erdoğan capitalized on a broader consensus in Ankara to tackle the PKK. “I think the fighting will continue until the government feels that it has entirely broken the back of the PKK.”
Russian intervention
Complicating matters is Russian support for Syrian Kurds and the souring of Ankara-Moscow relations after Turkey shot down a Russian jet on the Syrian border. “Russia is now providing weapons to the PYD [Democratic Union Party], which is the PKK's outlet in Syria,” Mr. Cagaptay adds. “It is not a matter of if, it is a matter of when some of these weapons will end up in the hands of the PKK.”
“The PKK elites and decision-makers think that it is the right time looking at global level dynamics,” concurs Mr. Gurcan. “Right now the PKK are talking with Russia, they are talking with the United States. The fight against IS provided them with a unique opportunity to increase both their international visibility and legitimacy.”
As the violence grows, some in Diyarbakir direct their anger at the state, others at the PKK. A sophisticated bomb attack against a police station last week caused primarily civilian casualties, killing three children, including a 5-month-old baby.
“They do this in the name of freedom and look at the mess they make,” says Hajji Su, pointing to the shattered windows of a mosque. “Civilians are dead. What is the difference between an IS attack and this?”
Get the Monitor Stories you care about delivered to your inbox. By signing up, you agree to our Privacy Policy
Many in Diyarbakir feel the state has used disproportionate force against young Kurdish militants and shoulders primary responsibility for civilian casualties in the southeast – 162 in total, according to local rights group. But others criticize the PKK for shifting the conflict to urban areas and using youth as cannon fodder.
“These trenches and barricades are a historical mistake,” says Sahismail Bedirhanoglu, a prominent businessman in Diyarbakir who was involved in November efforts to persuade young militants to stand down. “We told them it is impossible to continue down this track. No state would accept this. It doesn't matter if it is a democracy or a dictatorship, secular or Islamist government.”
Our solar system may have a brand new dwarf planet, orbiting in the region beyond Pluto in the Kuiper Belt.
Called 2014 UZ224, the object is said to be around 330 miles (530km) across and has been spotted around 8.5 billion miles (13.7 billion km) from the Sun.
Advertisement
Mystery planets and strange orbits: what is lurking in the far reaches of our solar system? Solar System Mystery planets and strange orbits: what is lurking in the far reaches of our solar system?
If confirmed as a dwarf planet, it will join the most famous dwarf planet in our system, Pluto, as well as Eris, Haumea, Ceres and the more recently discovered Makemake. 2014 UZ224 is the third most distant object in our system, behind Eris, and V774104, discovered in October.
Read next Planets, black holes, quasars and more: space terms explained Planets, black holes, quasars and more: space terms explained
Professor David Gerdes from the University of Michigan told NPR that 2014 UZ224 was found using what's known as the Dark Energy Camera (DECam) as part of the Dark Energy Survey (DES).
This camera captures images of the sky at regular intervals and while galaxies stay in a static position, orbiting objects change their position and this was used to discover 2014 UZ224. It then took two years to repeat the findings and confirm its discovery.
An artist's concept shows the distant dwarf planet Makemake and its newly discovered moon NASA, ESA, and A. Parker (Southwest Research Institute)
2014 UZ224 has a 1,140-year orbit. According to Sky & Telescope, astronomers don't consider it part of the "classical Kuiper Belt" and instead is being referred to as a "scattered disk object" whose orbits have changed "due to encounters with Neptune".
Advertisement
Professor Gerdes has since used the ALMA radio-telescope array to measure heat from 2014 UZ224. This data will be combined with the optical measurements to determine a more accurate size for the object.
The object has been confirmed by the International Astronomical Union's (IAU) Minor Planet Center, but its orbital path is not yet known and Professor Gerdes said the IAU will need to officially classify it once more details are known about its size.
Image caption Arsenal fans may be cheered up by the news the club will have more money for players
Premier League football club Arsenal saw annual profits fall from £36.6m to £6.7m despite making £47m from selling Robin van Persie and Alex Song.
The sale of the two stopped the club from falling into losses for the year to the end of May, encompassing a season without trophies.
Arsenal, majority owned by billionaire Stan Kroenke, sold Van Persie to arch-rivals Manchester United.
The club said it planned to spend more on new players this season.
The team finished fourth in the Premier League last season and had been criticised for failing to invest in buying new footballers.
However, Arsenal qualified for the money-spinning Champions League and has made a strong start to this season, currently standing joint top of the Premier League.
Spending money
According to Arsenal's statement, the club spent more on players than it gained, spending £58.7m on new signings and extending contracts.
Since the financial year was completed, the club has spent another £42.5m on the German Mesut Ozil, signing him from Real Madrid.
The club's chairman, Chips Keswick, said manager Arsene Wenger would be given more money to invest. "With the Ozil transfer I believe we have made a significant statement and when Arsene decides the time is right to invest again Stan Kroenke, myself and the rest of the Board will be delighted to support him," Mr Keswick said.
In his bar overlooking the Ebro river as it rushed beneath the elegant footbridge designed by the renowned architect Zaha Hadid, Rafael Moreno glumly surveyed the handful of customers picking at their lunchtime food.
"We have already had to lay people off," he said. "They were meant to start building offices here, but I can't see it happening any time soon. This crisis is going to last."
Moreno's bar, Bocados, opened last year with riotous success amid the euphoria of Zaragoza's international Expo fair. The city was booming, and so was Spain. It was the country that was creating most jobs and attracting most immigrants in Europe and it was celebrating its fifteenth consecutive year of economic growth.
Now the empty, rubbish-strewn Expo site, with its pavilions half-gutted and Hadid's expensive bridge fenced off to the public, is a symbol of Spain's precipitous fall from a bricks-and-mortar boom to a bust that has given it the developed world's highest unemployment.
In a country destroying jobs at a breathtaking rhythm, once flourishing Zaragoza and the region around it is declining even faster than the national average - with unemployment up 75% in a year. The shock has already sent protesters on to the city's streets in their tens of thousands. "If this isn't fixed: Strike! Strike! Strike!", they chanted at a recent rally.
With Spain's property developers queuing up to file for bankruptcy and employees at a local General Motors factory waiting to discover whether their jobs will survive a global restructuring plan to be announced this week, the mood becomes bleaker by the day.
Similar stories are being told across recession-hit Spain, with economists predicting that unemployment will rise from its present level of 14% to 20% by the end of the year.
"I've got one more month's work and then no idea what will happen," said Angel López, an electrician who came to Zaragoza to help build the Expo pavilions and hotels. "I will go abroad if I have to. No one is going to build here any more."
Spain's construction sector, fuelled by cheap credit both for Spaniards and for foreigners seeking holiday homes, had swollen to twice the size of that in other countries. As the bubble grew, building sites sucked in unskilled workers, helping to multiply its immigrant population eightfold in 10 years and encouraging young people to swap school for easy money.
A property crash, already on its way before the global financial meltdown started, has sent those workers spilling into the dole queues. Behind them they have left plunging property prices and a stock of empty, unsold new homes that is now close to 1.5m.
The new unemployed are now dragging everyone from bank tellers to waitresses behind them. "The last time I was unemployed was 15 years ago," said waitress Sonia Gascón, 38, huddling in the early-morning cold with 60 other people as she waited for an employment office to open. "Construction work stopped, then the car factory slowed down and suddenly people stopped coming through the restaurant doors," she said. "My son is 16 and I can't see what future he has got." Gascón estimated that her dole money would last for two years and then she would fall back on her family - the traditional Spanish comfort at times of crisis.
But not everyone has that luxury. Already in Zaragoza, and elsewhere, they are talking of "the new poor".
"I'm ashamed to be here, because I've worked on building sites all around Spain for the past 15 years," said Juan, a neatly dressed Ecuadorean waiting outside the soup kitchen run by the Nuestra Señora del Carmen parish church, who did not want his real name used. "But I haven't worked for six months and I've got a wife and two children to keep." Workers inside the kitchen said things were becoming dramatically worse. "We can only feed 122 people at a time," said social worker Lucía Capilla, adding that most of the newcomers were legal immigrants. "In November we started handing out food in bags because we could not get everyone into the dining room. Yesterday we had to hand out 30 bags." Charity workers blame a creaking social support system and mortgages taken out to buy overpriced houses for the emergence of a new kind of poverty. Crucially, they say, Spain's 10% of immigrants cannot turn to their families for support.
Among Zaragoza's many woes is the General Motors car factory in nearby Figueruelas, where production of Corsa and Minerva cars has dropped dramatically. "We won't know what will happen until GM presents its plan for the whole company on Tuesday," said shop steward Juan José Arceiz. "This crisis has caught us when our own company was already in crisis."
The Socialist government of prime minister José Luis Rodríguez Zapatero has given Zaragoza's town hall €115m (£102m) to spend on emergency public works as part of a nationwide €11bn attempt to create jobs. Zapatero wants 25,000 small projects up and running in the spring. "But that is only temporary," said Luisa Fernanda Rudi, the regional boss of the opposition People's party, which wants lower taxation and looser employment regulations. "We need reforms."
Even Pedro Solbes, the finance minister, has recognised that there are limited funds in the bank to pay for public works and the huge new bill for unemployment benefit.
That is not news that Joan Bakos, 46, a truck driver who sold his home in Romania to emigrate seven years ago, wants to hear. He is now living off €400 a month but has mortgage payments of €800.
"Everything has gone from white to black in just a few months," he said as he prepared for a gloomy silver wedding get-together on Valentine's Day yesterday. "I can't see any way out."
Eurozone crisis
GDP fall in the fourth quarter of 2008:
Germany
-2.1%
Steepest fall since reunification in 1990
France
-1.2%
Not yet officially in recession
Italy
-1.8%
The worst slump since 1980
Spain
-1.0%
Now has EU's highest jobless rate
Portugal
-2.0%
May be death knell for Socialist government
KOLKATA/MUMBAI: Reliance Jio Infocomm's official launch of services saw crowds thronging retail outlets for 4G SIM cards across India on Monday, with some being frustrated by stocks running out and activation issues.Experts said the telecom unit of Reliance Industries may look to slash or even extend its free offer on data after January 1, 2017, to boost customer volumes.That will cause more financial pain to rivals Bharti Airtel , Vodafone India and Idea Cellular by making it tougher for them to retain highrevenue data customers. Jio's future 4G pricing strategy, they said, would hinge on the pace of customer acquisitions during its launch offer of free voice and data services from September 5 to December 31.An extension of the welcome offer is not being ruled out in Jio's bid to grab 100 million customers in the shortest span. Reliance chairman Mukesh Ambani said last week that voice would be free for life on Jio. In the immediate term, Jio will also launch special packages for high-end customers and enterprises. A person aware of the development said “it will offer home care solutions such as switching on and off devices digitally, car solutions for tracking their movements, and premium content such as exclusive movies and shows.”The 4G entrant's appetite to sustain its disruptive pricing model, according to experts, stems from the fact that Jio is bankrolled by parent Reliance Industries, which is sitting on a cash pile of nearly Rs 91,000 crore. “Its free voice calls and dirtcheap data tariffs offer might not seem sustainable in the long run, but one mustn't forget that Jio derives its strength from RIL's balance sheet, and can easily treat its pricing model as a business development cost to poach quality customers from incumbents over a period of time,” said an analyst at a leading foreign brokerage.Ex-Airtel CEO Sanjay Kapoor said Jio's future tariff strategy “is contingent on how many quality customers it acquires by January 1” and how soon it's able to sort out traffic imbalances and reduce potential interconnect payouts to incumbents.Jio's much-awaited launch attracted huge crowds on Monday outside Reliance Digital and Xpress mini outlets nationwide, with thousands queuing up for free 4G SIMs from early morning.“The biggest draw of Jio's 4G SIM is free mobile internet till December 31,” said a Jio customer in Kolkata. But SIM cards ran out at many locations and technical glitches hindered activations. Some stores even issued tokens to angry customers, promising delivery as late as October 15.Jio declined to reveal details of its pan-India 4G SIM sales on Day 1as of press time. In Chennai, faster activations through the Aadhaar-based digital verification process than the manual route prompted customers to rush home and fetch their cards.While Jio's connections come free under the Welcome Offer, some independent retail stores in Delhi were charging Rs 300-1,000 for a new SIM without promise of activation. Regardless of initial teething troubles, Morgan Stanley expects the launch offer to help Jio amass a sizeable base of revenue-paying subscribers.Some analysts expect incumbent carriers to “wait and watch,” while others see them cutting call charges soon to hold on to high-end ARPU-generating customers and protect their voice turf, which is their mainstay, accounting for over 75 per cent of revenue.ARPU is average revenue per user. Experts believe the incumbents will also need to lower data rates, by increasing usage limits. At Jio's current pricing, the per megabit realisation is 11-12 paise, while incumbents realise 20-21 paise.“This will need to come down to 14-16 paise, which will be about 20-25 per cent discount from current data rates, but still at a 20-25 per cent premium to Jio, which will be sufficient to stop the exodus of top customers,” said a senior executive at a leading mobile carrier.This is critical since nearly 30 per cent of customers generates 70 per cent of revenue for the incumbents and they are the users that will need to be ring-fenced from moving to Jio.
We always talk about South Africa's wealth distribution problems with different angry voices. Some approach the topic blinded by privilege and others take on an angry stance because they have had enough. Johnny Miller (Millefoto), a photographer based in Cape Town, is talking about inequality in a different way. He has simply shot a photo series which shows you what it looks like in Cape Town.
I got to talk to him about the project and some of the reactions that people have had towards his work. Johnny Miller was inspired by his anthropology classes at UCT. He speaks about how many of his courses focused on the architecture of Apartheid – the actual physical characteristics of separateness. This knowledge inspired this photo series.
Why did you start this photo series on inequality?
I started this series on inequality one day after I had a conversation with my friend. He mentioned that the drone footage I had been collecting around Cape Town offered him a new perspective on places that he had always taken for granted. For example, Table Mountain, or, The Cape Town Stadium.
That got me thinking, “Hmm….I wonder if I can use my drone to show a new perspective on inequality in South Africa?”
In Cape Town, this is represented by wetlands, roads, train tracks, rivers, etc. In many cases, (and this is borne out by South African Census data from 2011) these architectures are still in place i.e. blacks, whites, and colored people are, by and large, living separated from one another. You can take a look at this interactive map.
This map is incredible: you can see, mapped by the color of the dots, how racial disparities still exist along very clearly defined roads and boundaries. For example, check out the R300, which separates Mitchell's Plain from Philippi, or the M7 between Langa and Bontehuewel. By clicking on the household income button, you can then see the disparities in various suburbs, which unfortunately closely matches the race data.
I used this map, along with Google Maps, to identify those areas which were the most shockingly disparate. I wanted to fly over the areas I found, initially which was Masiphumelele and Imizamo Yethu, and then to share the images. I had never seen aerial images of the boundaries before from a drone, so I thought perhaps it would be a fresh perspective.
Can you take me through the process of capturing these images?
The first thing I noticed was that it was absolutely impossible to get a sense of the scale and the dramatic separation between, for example, Lake Michelle and Masiphumelele from the ground. The area is totally flat, and there is little opportunity to get high enough to see what's going on around you. I parked in a housing estate just north of Masiphumelele, and the entire community was walled off with 3m-high walls. I couldn't even see over the top of them until I flew the drone.
Hout Bay is a little different because it is in a valley, and Imizano Yethu is clearly visible because it is on the slope. But pretty much everywhere else in the Cape Flats was…well…flat. You actually can't see the scale of the divisions until you fly above them.
Capturing the images is easy enough; I knew the shots I wanted based on Google Maps, so I just flew there, took some video and pictures, and then landed again. Everything about the process is legal.
What have been some of the responses to this series, good and bad?
The responses I have gotten have been at times very encouraging, and at times quite hurtful. I understand that to put your work in a public forum is to invite criticism…so that is something that I am going to have to learn to deal with. There are a few comments that inevitably crop up on the photos:
These types of inequalities exist all over the world. Why don't you show somewhere besides Cape Town (or South Africa)?
My response is: You're absolutely right. Inequality, shocking disparities of wealth, exist all over the world. I have never said anything differently, nor have I purposefully ignored that fact.
However, there are two main reasons why I choose to focus on Cape Town. One, of course, is that it's my home. I started the project, as many people do, close to where I live and what I know, which is Cape Town. Two, is that while inequality does exist in other parts of the world, the legacy of apartheid, and specifically the architecture of separation, provides a very unique context in which to view this particular form of inequality. Not only that, but the extreme inequalities are usually not present in other parts of the world. For example, you can see in Imizano Yethu, how the shacks – literally, tin shacks – exist just meters away from very wealthy houses with swimming pools.
This is what shocks me, actually shocks me. That people can actually defend this behavior as somehow natural, or that it is a choice on the part of the poorer communities (actual comments, multiple times, on the Facebook posts). Of course it's not a choice. And of course it's not natural. It is shocking and impossible to defend as a status quo. That is why South Africa consistently rates amongst the most unequal countries on earth, as measured by the UN, CIA, and other methods like the GINI coefficient.
Luckily I have also received so many messages of support. The ones that mean the most to me are the comments that say, “Continue doing this project! It desperately needs to get out there”.
And you know, I agree. I think if people haven't seen these sorts of images before, it does need to get out there. People do need to see them. It should not be covered up. And I don't have any agenda besides providing a new perspective on an existing problem. I'm not giving any opinions on how to fix the problem – read my original posts. I'm just saying, “Here it is”, totally unbiased. This is the situation. The photo was taken by a robotic machine 300 meters in the sky. How can that be anything but objective? It is essentially allowing people to see something that they wish they could just ignore. But they shouldn't.
I hope that this conversation, similar to the Rhodes Must Fall conversation of last year, contributes to an opening of dialogue and reflexivity on the part of the privileged. This will eventually begin to change the currently untenable status quo into something more just and equal for all.
At the end of the day, I am hopeful. The original post, which has been seen by over 230000 people (as per Facebook), would not have spread so wide if people had thought it was irrelevant. I guess that's why I'm hopeful, is that it has been proven to me that this discussion is very, very relevant.
See more of Johnny's work: http://millefoto.com/
A 6-year-old boy was shot dead in a mobile home in Texas four days before Christmas after sheriff's deputies opened fire on a suspect outside, the authorities said.
“In my opinion, it's a tragic accident that led to the death of this young man,” Sheriff Javier Salazar of Bexar County said at a news conference on Friday, referring to Kameron Prescott.
The shooting occurred on Thursday in Schertz, Tex., a small city near San Antonio. Sheriff Salazar said a deputy was responding to a call about a stolen vehicle when he found the suspect, a woman who was wanted on two felony warrants.
He said the woman appeared to be armed and threatened to shoot the deputy before she fled. Hours later, she made her way to the mobile home park.
Advocates for airline passengers say their optimism about an Air Passenger Bill of Rights, introduced in the House of Commons this week, has nosedived.
"I was horrified when I took at a look at what we don't have [in the bill]," Bruce Cran, president of the Consumers' Association of Canada, told CBC News in a phone interview from Vancouver.
"This bill is nothing more than some sort of sham. There's no detail in there."
'Skeleton without flesh'
Federal Transportation Minister Marc Garneau introduced Bill C-49 legislation which tasks the Canadian Transportation Agency (CTA) with developing regulations to protect air passenger rights.
Transport Minister Marc Garneau responds to a question during question period in the House of Commons on Parliament Hill, in Ottawa on Friday, Sept. 30, 2016. (Sean Kilpatrick/Canadian Press)
"This bill is like a skeleton without flesh. It's absolutely useless as far as we can see," said Cran, whose organization monitors how industries, including airlines, treat consumers.
The bill fails to lay out compensation amounts for shoddy treatment, including being forcibly bumped due to overbooking, delays while already on board and lost or damaged baggage.
"It doesn't quantify the damages to be paid for any of the problems that could arise," Cran said.
He said he was expecting a comprehensive bill and hoped for an outright ban on overbooking.
"There is no list of penalties for abuse of passengers," he said. "I don't know what they're doing here but there is no [air passenger rights] bill."
Advocates blocked from launching actions
Well-known air passenger rights advocate Gabor Lukacs, who has challenged airlines and won numerous times, calls the legislation "the air passenger bill with no rights."
Lukacs and Cran are especially concerned about a section of the new legislation which says both domestic and international complaints "may only be filed by a person adversely affected."
That would block the association and Lukacs from taking legal action against an airline or the industry over what they might perceive is a systemic problem.
Now, they must have an individual complainant.
Bruce Cran, president of Consumers' Association of Canada, says the bill falls short of what it was intended to do and even gives the airlines an advantage when dealing with complaints. (CBC)
"This strikes me as an an attempt to shield airlines from complaints and further prevent the public from ensuring their rights," Lukacs said by phone from Budapest.
He told CBC he believes the airlines are unhappy with his successful efforts to ensure their written policies match what is on the law books. The new bill is the reverse of what passengers require, he said.
"This effort of the government to shut the door to the kind of advocacy I have done in the past shows the true colours of what the government is trying to accomplish, which is help the airlines against passengers," he said.
Bill works to protect airlines, critic says
Airlines' accountability will actually be reduced because making a complaint will become too onerous for an individual to take on, he said.
"Until there is a passenger who has an issue and who is willing to go through the whole hassle of complaining to the Canadian Transportation Agency, appeals to the Federal Court of Appeal and the Supreme Court of Canada, airlines will get away with disobeying the law, which is my most fundamental complaint about this bill."
Airline bumping is a widespread industry practice. But many passengers question how fair it is to consumers. (Joe Raedle/Getty Images)
Cran said his organization has been working for consumers since 1947, including taking various issues to the Supreme Court of Canada.
"Are they telling us now we can't do that anymore?" he asked.
"It's limiting our rights to practically zero. It limits my organization, what we do for people and we're not going to put up with it."
Transport Canada defends changes
CBC News asked Transport Canada who suggested the change and why it was included in the legislation.
In an email, Transport Canada spokesperson Natasha Gauthier told CBC News the recommendation came as a result of extensive consultations on the Canada Transportation Act Review.
"In cases where passengers determine that the air carrier in question did not fulfill its obligations under the new regulations, they may seek the advice of someone who would support them in their complaint," she said. "The person providing support, however, must represent the specific issue of a specific passenger."
Airline passenger advocate Gabor Lukacs says Bill-49 contains no passenger rights. (CBC)
Gary Howard, spokesperson for CAA Atlantic who was part of the process to develop the new bill, said he's not concerned about the change and that it is not intended to shut down advocates.
"I think this is more about efficiency than taking out an advocate. I think advocates will continue to play a role and keep an eye on it," he said.
Transportation agency needs to step up enforcement
Howard acknowledged the Canadian Transportation Agency needs to improve its operations and to enforce rules that are already on the books.
The objective with this legislation, he said, is to make sure there are very clear, easily understandable standards that travellers can access.
"This also has to be reasonable to the airlines and the airport authority and so on so that they're not dealing with the same person on four different complaints. That it's the passenger who's actually working on their own behalf," Howard said.
The new airline passengers' bill of rights in Canada would prevent consumer advocates from taking action against airlines for what they perceive to be systemic problems. (CBC)
He said the legislation has a built-in mechanism that allows the minister to make changes at any time he feels it is appropriate. "The devil is in the details. And he urges people to be patient.
"It will be done properly and correctly. I'm confident this is going to be a good regulation in place to protect travellers," he said.
Canada lags behind
Cran points out Canada lag behind the United States and Europe in lacking an airline passenger bill of rights.
Europe has one for 20 years and in the United States for the past 10 to 15 years.
"We want the same thing here," he said, adding no airline has gone broke from adhering to rules that ensure proper treatment of passengers.
Now premiering: MSU's new film studies program
As Michigan continues to welcome blockbuster filmmakers to the state, Michigan State University has launched a new bachelor's degree program in film studies.
The College of Arts and Letters will host the program, providing students with training in production, history, theory and criticism of cinema – skills and knowledge they need to give back to their communities culturally and artistically.
And faculty members who are award-winning filmmakers will teach them.
“The technical and critical knowledge, analytical and organizational skills, and aesthetic and narrative sensitivity required of film studies students transfer well to a variety of occupations in the creative industries of today's international, media-driven cultures,” said assistant professor Josh Yumibe, director of film studies.
Some of the targeted occupations: film production, film criticism, arts management, advertising, public relations, software development and educational programming.
Throughout the last decade, the landscape of film has changed, witnessing an explosion of affordable digital filmmaking tools and, as a result, a surge in film production outside Hollywood, Yumibe said. In fact, film has become an economic driver in Michigan, so MSU's new film studies program comes at the perfect time – for students and for the state.
“What sets the new film studies program apart and makes it particularly attractive to our students is its broad global dimension, especially its focus on the Global South - filmmakers in India, Africa, South America, Australia and New Zealand - and the opportunities for students to pursue screenwriting and film production in conjunction with the study of film,” said College of Arts and Letters Acting Dean Elizabeth Simmons.
The study of film has enjoyed a rich tradition at MSU, producing a number of prestigious alumni and former students. For example, as a student in the late 1970s, Sam Raimi of “Evil Dead” and “Spider-Man” fame worked closely with Bill Vincent, professor of film studies.
In the 1980s, MSU's Department of English began developing its faculty and curriculum in film studies. From 1991 to 2009, the department was the lead unit supporting the specialization in film studies in the College of Arts and Letters, and from 2002 to 2014 it housed the concentration in film studies as part of its bachelor's degree program in English.
Currently, the College of Arts and Letters also offers a minor in film studies and collaborates with the College of Communication Arts and Sciences in offering minors in fiction filmmaking and documentary production. In addition, the College of Communication Arts and Sciences administers a concentration in TV, cinema and radio as part of its Media and Information Program.
“Our curriculum investigates cinema as a global art, a business and a technology – all of which are shaped by the social dynamics of race, gender and sexuality,” Yumibe said.
China's bitcoin users and traders may face a further wait for services to be restored at the country's major exchanges.
While BTCC, Huobi and OKCoin yesterday announced that they had completed technical upgrades requested by the People's Bank of China, local legal experts believe a decision is likely to be delayed until the end of the National People's Congress, which unites lawmakers through 15th March.
Financial services consultant Zennon Kapron, an author who has written on China's relationship with bitcoin, for example, believes it's “unlikely” that any change in the regulator's current positions will be made before then.
Bitcoin withdrawals at major exchanges have been suspended since 9th February, when Huobi and OKCoin revealed they would halt operations for one month in order to upgrade their AML systems.
BTCC, while originally promising a speedy return to normal, eventually said it would delay services for one month, as well, and smaller exchanges later followed suit.
In agreement with Kapron was Roland Sun, legal lead for blockchain consortium effort ChinaLedger, who said exchanges weren't likely to reopen “this week or next” due to the congress.
Adding to the speculation is that China-based bitcoin exchange Yunbi, which was one of the rare services not to suspend withdrawals, announced yesterday that it would cease allowing bitcoin and litecoin transactions.
The exchange stated:
“Due to the uncertainty of AML system upgrading time, the resuming time has not been determined.”
Ancient gate image via Shutterstock
Reaching 75 is a milestone for any working musician but in the case of Ginger Baker it is truly worth celebrating.
To mark this 2014 event, Ginger Baker and his family, have joined forces with PledgeMusic to create and release a career spanning Anthology “A DRUMMER'S TALE” on CD and Vinyl, starting with the track “Wade in the Water” from the Graham Bond Organisation back in the early 60's, to the 2005 Cream reunion live version of “Toad”. There will also be a very personal limited edition Family Album Picture Book.
In addition we have put together a 75th Birthday celebration concert and exhibition at the Islington Academy London N1 on Saturday May 3rd 2014.- VIP tickets only available here on PledgeMusic.
By teaming up with PledgeMusic, the Baker family is able to offer, direct to the fans, a first listen and look at this collection of tracks, chosen by Ginger, from all the different stages of his long and extraordinary career.
In addition Ginger and Nettie have compiled a very personal Family Album Picture Book of art, artwork, photo's and other images many of them never seen before.
As you can see from the list on the right, in addition to the album and the book Ginger is not only offering signed copies of “A DRUMMER'S TALE” and the Picture Book, but also signed copies of some of the classic Cream albums, signed copies of Ginger's Autobiography “Hellraiser” and also signed copies of the award winning DVD documentary “Beware of Mr Baker”.
There will also be a very special “A Drummer's tale” Gig in the heart of London to celebrate Mr Baker's 75th year to which Pledgers can get special VIP tickets. These VIP tickets will include a copy of the CD, Picture Book and Autobiography as well as an invitation to a special pre-show picture exhibition.
And as if all that were not enough, there wil be a very special opportunity for all you drummers, we will shortly be announcing drum clinics for fans who want to learn from the master.
This is how it works, you Pledge or promise to buy one of the items shown on the right and your order will go towards reaching the target shown at the top of the page, when this target reaches 100% we will have enough orders to press the button and manufacture and ship all the items.
Message from Ginger Baker
“'Stand by your beds everyone! its been over thirty years since the RSO launched my last ‘The Best of Ginger Baker' anthology album WITHOUT consulting me about the content! This time I'm in charge, with no label and with the help and support of Pledge Music I am ready to release “A Drummer's Tale” and the events that inspired these personally chosen tracks from my long career. There will also be a book full of very rare family owned photos and memorabilia. With PledgeMusic the plan is to give you, the fans, something very exclusive.
I know you'll enjoy it, Thanks for your support throughout the years & remember 'don't cheer, throw money'! "
Ginger Baker
Message from Nettie Baker
It is with great pleasure that we can finally offer up this definitive collection of tracks chosen by Mr B and encompassing all the highlights of his long, iconic and illustrious career. With the help of Pledgemusic we are now able to offer all our fans the chance to participate in what is certain to be not only a landmark lifetime anthology of music, but with several exciting spin offs, such as a new book and much more to come, also a fitting accompaniment to Ginger Baker's 75th Birthday this year!
I know this is something you've all been waiting for, so please let's show our love for my very talented Dad by getting this campaign on the map!
Nettie Baker
New Orleans Saints cheerleader Kriste Lewis has the moves to rival any NFL cheerleader, but there are two things that set her apart.
Lewis, of Hattiesberg, Miss., is 40-years-old and the mother of two boys, ages 14 and 11.
A longtime dance instructor, Lewis decided to fulfill a lifelong dream when she turned 40 and tried out for the New Orleans Saintsations this past April.
WATCH: Iraq War Vet Turns Heads as NFL Cheerleader
The Rules for Being an NFL Cheerleader May Surprise You
WATCH: Female Referee Makes NFL History
“There were a lot of young, beautiful girls,” Lewis told ABC News of her competition, who ranged in age from 18 to 30. “It was a fear. I will not lie.”
Lewis was not just fighting against her age but also against a health issue that she says she turned into an inspiration instead of an obstacle.
“Fourteen years ago I was diagnosed with polysistic kidney disease,” Lewis said. “Eventually my kidneys will shut down [and] I will be in need of dialysis and in need of a transplant.”
“That had a lot to do with me auditioning as well,” she said. “I didn't want to waste a day.”
Lewis wasted no time in capturing the judges' attention. After three rounds of tryouts, Lewis found out she was one of 36 women selected for the 2014-2015 Saintsations team.
“The day I got the news I was really beside myself,” Lewis said. “It was really exciting.”
Lewis is now looking forward to making her NFL debut at the Saints' home opener at the Superdome in September.
"I cannot wait for us to run out for the first time and we run out on that field," Lewis said.
In the meantime, she is practicing daily and enjoying the support of her sons, Jake and Rob, and husband, Tim.
“I'm especially proud that she made it and she's the best mom a child could have,” said Rob, 11.
“It's just amazing to watch her dance,” said her husband, Tim.
Lewis says she hopes she can serve as an inspiration to others, especially moms, to never give up on their dreams.
“I think as moms we are hard-wired to give and we give and we give and we give,” she said. “I think it's important to think back what made you excited as a child.”
GREEN BAY, WI - AUGUST 29: Brent Celek #87 of the Philadelphia Eagles keeps his feet inbounds while making a catch for a touchdown against the Green Bay Packers during a preseason game at Lambeau Field on August 29, 2015 in Green Bay, Wisconsin. (Photo by Jon Durr/Getty Images)
PHILADELPHIA (CBS) — The Philadelphia Eagles and tight end Brent Celek have agreed to a three-year deal, the team announced on Tuesday afternoon.
The deal, according to ESPN's Adam Caplan, is worth $13 million ($6 million guaranteed).
#Eagles and TE Brent Celek agreed to a 3-year, $13m deal with $6m guaranteed, per sources. — Adam Caplan (@caplannfl) January 26, 2016
Celek, 31, was set to enter 2016 with a $5 million cap hit, but the Eagles could have saved all $5 million if they decided to release the veteran tight end. The new deal is likely a contract restructure to lower Celek's 2016 cap figure.
This deal comes one day after the Eagles signed tight end Zach Ertz to a five-year extension.
Celek ranks second all-time among Eagles tight ends in receiving yards, receptions and receiving touchdowns. He will address the media on Friday.
The Therapy Journal
by Steve Wineman
Golden Antelope Press, 2017
In The Therapy Journal , Steve Wineman gives us a novel about sexual trauma that is deeply relevant to all social change agents both in their practice and in the strategies they work from. It's a good novel and it is an important piece of work. I could critique it as a novel, but that's not the purpose of my review. My interest here is to alert you to a piece of work deeply relevant to social change.
Its importance lies in what it's two stories have to tell us about the nature of trauma, and how that relates to the very complex and little understood phenomenon of power. We can find out enough from the two interlocking stories to realize how little we know about a major social force that hobbles and even devastates our whole society. Through the interplay of these stories Wineman skillfully takes us into the complexity of abusive trauma—sexual in this case—power (agency), and powerlessness. He doesn't explain; he lets the stories talk.
The novel intertwines two stories of sexual abuse, both women. Lathsamy is Laotian who was sold into sexual slavery by her impoverished family and “rescued” by a WASP family while still young and raised here in the States in a secure middle class setting. From there she was able to establish a new identity—she took on the name “Laura” from her American family— which included graduating from Harvard Law School, marrying, and having a child. That identity eventually crashed.
The other woman, Rebecca, was her therapist, a white, upper middle class woman in her late 30s. She spent 10 years helping Lathsamy work through the devastating effects of her traumatic experiences. She is professionally established, unmarried, not able to maintain a stable sexual relationship, pregnant, and deeply ambivalent as to what to do about her pregnancy. In addition, she is severely alienated from and enraged with her family, but not able to cut ties.
In the process of working with Lathsamy—who at various times lives out a professional identity, a mother/wife in recovery identity, and a street whore identity (‘Lulu')—Rebecca herself remembers that she is the victim of sexual abuse. Her repressed memories become a character in her own right, “Becky.” How Rebecca/Becky works through her complex situation unfolds within Lathsamy/Lulu's story. Actually, working with Lathsamy/Lulu becomes the midwife of Rebecca's recovery. She is successful in her struggle, but Lathsamy is not.
The stories reveal the continuing distortion of normal function that is an inherent part in how trauma plays out. What can seem objectively incomprehensible to us—and the traumatized person as well sometimes—can have little if anything to do with what's going on within the experience of the one going through a traumatic episode. Through these two stories we come in contact with dynamics that can roar on for decades as long as the traumatic experiences lay concealed under the cover of shame and the fear of finding out what it all might mean to me, the victim.
We can feel the confusion and resistance within the two women as well as Lathsamy's husband and Rebecca's parents. After all, who among us is without deep conflict about opening up our boxes of private shame? Hardly any of us want to know about that stuff until the consequences crash through our compromised adjustments, which may never happen.
In The Therapy Journal we get a four-fold look into these matters since it happens for both Lathsamy and Rebecca as well as ‘Lulu' and ‘Becky.' Further, because of the starkly different origins of the two women we are able to sense how sexual abuse—and abuse in general—knows no boundaries. More importantly, Wineman shows how the complicit abuse of willing ignorance and disremembering by all involved are essential elements in the trauma dynamic.
And those consequences go way beyond the individuals and families. The failure of society to face trauma and its consequences cripples both Lathsamy's overwhelmed husband and her groping therapist (Rebecca) to adequately help Lathsamy. How could they! It's not just that they weren't adequately prepared to understand how trauma works. But, like us, they were socially trained to block or minimize such understanding. Without any preaching at all, Wineman lets his stories show how the fierce dynamics of trauma overwhelm our best intentions.
And here lies the special relevance of The Therapy Journal for us as change agents. In our lifetime no one is going to understand the full scope of the critical part trauma plays in our tragedies and oppression. There isn't sufficient collective will and skill to confront our fear-driven shame. That will take more time than we have. As a result we think we understand ourselves way too much. And we rely almost solely on our objective economic and political analyses of oppression for our change strategies with little understanding of how the trauma of abuse is deeply involved in all of it. We are not ready to grasp how there is a vicious circle at the core of oppression involving both “victim” and “victimizer” in which trauma from abuse feeds and feeds-on oppression, which, in turn, feeds and feeds-on that kind of trauma. Those of us who have either done deep personal work, or who are deeply empathetic, or both can come away from Wineman's stories knowing a little more about our ignorance—how there is so much we don't know about ourselves, or personal change, or social change. And that is a great gift.
On the other hand, I fear that those of us who haven't done much personal work will just come away from reading The Therapy Journal more deeply enraged about sexual abuse and society's failings in general. I hope not. I hope the sheer weight of these stories that simply unfold through his telling will trigger our humility and stir a healthy sense of incompetence about our ability to do our change work.
Wineman knows both the world of trauma and activism well, and from the inside out. (See his bio at the end.) He has also written what I believe is the most insightful book I have read on the role of trauma in power dynamics: Power-Under: Trauma and Nonviolent Change. (You can download it for free.) Reading it ten years ago was a journey in which I had so much of my conscious thinking turned upside down, while, at the same time, sensing that his book was confirming a deep intuition I had barely recognized. Having read The Therapy Journal I am realizing I still don't adequately understand what he told me in that book. I think it's now time for me to go back and give it all the time and attention I need to really get it.
The Therapy Journal is available in print and ebook on Amazon and Barnes & Noble. All royalties are being donated to organizations providing support to survivors of sexual violence (the Boston Area Rape Crisis Center and The Gatehouse in Toronto) and promoting nonviolence (Bay Area Nonviolent Communication).
Finally, Steve says The Therapy Journal will rely on word of mouth in order to reach readers who value serious literature about critical social problems, asking reader to consider spreading the word.
Steven Wineman is the author of two books of nonfiction, Power-Under: Trauma and Nonviolent Social Change (self-published at www.TraumaAndNonviolence.com , 2003) and The Politics of Human Services (South End Press, 1984). His essays and fiction have appeared widely in literary magazines. He is a survivor of childhood trauma, and a lifelong proponent of nonviolence and social equality. Steve retired in 2014 after working in community mental health for 35 years. Steve welcomes comments about The Therapy Journal, and is available for author readings in the Boston area and elsewhere as travel logistics permit. He can be contacted at steven.wineman@gmail.com.
Go to the GEO front page
Image caption Hunter Moore used to run a notorious "revenge porn" website, but sold it to an anti-bullying charity
The former owner of a "revenge porn" website has been threatened by hacktivist collective Anonymous.
Hunter Moore used to post sexual images of men and women without their permission, along with links to their social networking profiles.
Mr Moore said he will launch a new site soon, telling one technology blog he would also post home addresses.
He later said he was "misquoted", but Anonymous has said he must be held "accountable for his actions".
"We will protect anyone who is victimised by abuse of our internet, we will prevent the stalking, rape, and possible murders as by-product of his sites," the group said in a media release.
It added: "Operation anti-bully. Operation hunt Hunter engaged. We are Anonymous, we are legion, we do not forgive, we do not forget, Hunter Moore, expect us."
IsAnyoneUp
Mr Moore sold his old website, IsAnyoneUp.com, to an anti-bullying charity in April this year.
Until that point it had gained notoriety for publishing pornographic pictures of men and women from all over the world, sent in by disgruntled ex-boyfriends and girlfriends.
No I'm not going to take it down, and no I don't really care Hunter Moore
So-called "revenge porn" is common online, but Mr Moore's site angered anti-bullying campaigners further due to the inclusion of links to social networking sites - leaving victims open to large levels of abuse.
People who had made requests for the photographs to be removed were often ridiculed further, and the huge majority of legal threats against Mr Moore were ignored.
"I sold it because I hated what the media turned it into and it could never be what I wanted it to be," Mr Moore has said about the closed site, which reportedly made him about $20,000 (£12,400; 15,335 euros) a month from advertising revenue.
Speaking about his new venture, which has not yet launched, he said: "This time I am doing it right. I am creating something that will question if you ever want to have kids.
"I am making something very scary but yet fun."
Suicide
Mr Moore told technology blog Betabeat's Jessica Roy that the new site would "introduce the mapping stuff so you can stalk people", but in a subsequent interview with Salon magazine he took back the comment, stating that he made it while "drunk".
Image caption Anonymous posted a video featuring Amanda Todd, 15, who killed herself after being bullied
Regardless of his intentions, Anonymous published details about Mr Moore online, including the names of family members and his home address.
The group posted a video about their actions to Vimeo. In it, they showed pictures of Amanda Todd - a girl who committed suicide after topless photographs of her were circulated on the internet.
Prior to her death, 15-year-old Miss Todd created a YouTube video describing how she was bullied.
Mr Moore, who has said his new site has had thousands of submissions, has in the past said he holds no guilt over what he does.
"It's anonymous to me. I don't know the people - it's just a little picture on a screen," he told the BBC in an interview in April.
"If you're just crying over some [picture] you sent to some boy you just met, no I'm not going to take it down, and no I don't really care."
Gaza sisters caught smuggling explosives labelled as medicine, Israeli authorities say
Updated
Two Palestinian sisters from Gaza have been caught trying to smuggle explosives hidden in medicine containers into Israel as they were headed for cancer treatment at a Jerusalem hospital, authorities say.
Israeli authorities believe Hamas militants were trying to use the pair to carry out an attack.
In a statement, the Shin Bet security agency said the women, who had entry permits to Israel for medical treatment, were caught on Wednesday.
Ragheb Atallah, the patient's husband, said his wife, Basema, 55, has gone for treatment of colorectal cancer in Jerusalem more than 10 times since July and has never had a problem before.
He said his wife was unaware that she may have been smuggling anything illegal into Israel.
"Someone asked them to take a bottle of medicine on their way for a patient there," he said.
"The bottle was closed and they did not know what is inside. It seems there was something and this caused disruption."
Mr Atallah said his wife was released and has been given permission again to go to the hospital, but her sister, 57-year-old Ibtessam Eid, remained in Israeli custody.
Israel and Egypt imposed a blockade on Gaza after the Islamic militant group Hamas seized power in the coastal strip from forces loyal to Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas in 2007.
Since then, Israel and Hamas, which is sworn to Israel's destruction, have fought three wars.
Gazans wishing to enter Israel for medical care or to travel to neighbouring Jordan and other destinations are subject to strict security checks, including in some cases lengthy interrogations by Shin Bet agents before they receive travel permits.
Israel says the strict policies are necessary because Hamas tries to exploit civilians entering Israel by giving them weapons, cash or other equipment for militant activity.
There was no immediate comment from Hamas.
AP
Topics: unrest-conflict-and-war, crime, law-crime-and-justice, terrorism, territorial-disputes, world-politics, israel, palestinian-territory-occupied
First posted
The "will they or won't they" dynamic between Daenerys Targaryen (Emilia Clarke) and Jon Snow (Kit Harington) on Game of Thrones has every fan feeling some type of way, but now we finally know what Dany herself thinks about the possibility of a romance between the two characters. While shedding some light on the scene where Drogon allows Jon to pet him (that Targaryen blood must smell pretty great!) during a behind-the-scenes look at the most recent episode, "Eastwatch," Clarke acknowledged that the Dragon Queen's googly eyes are for real.
"She sees his interaction with her dragons, and it's an attractive quality for her," Clarke said, also taking note of Ser Jorah's disappointment upon seeing the two together when he arrives on Dragonstone. "Me and Jon Snow just chillin' on a cliff by ourselves," she joked. "Don't read too much into it."
It's hard not to read at least a little into it, when it appears that a love triangle between Dany, Jon, and Jorah is in the works (especially after we got a glimpse of Jorah's true feelings for Dany in an earlier episode). "It's one of the most tender moments you'll see from Daenerys this season," Clarke said of Dany and Jorah's emotional reunion. "The thing about Ser Jorah is that he has been the one from the very beginning. I think he has an ability to see right through her."
ADVERTISEMENT
Love triangle or no love triangle, let's just hope Jon and Jorah survive their ridiculously dangerous mission to capture a wight in episode six.
Sharing is caring!
Facebook
Twitter
Pinterest 24 shares
There is much conjecture from various sources that 60% of what you put on your skin can be absorbed into your bloodstream. So, is it possible for your really “nice smelling” laundry detergent to affect our health? The CDC has issued a warning for skin exposure for various industries and products that may create risk for trans-dermal penetration of chemicals.
Ask Questions & Question Everything! Do you know anyone that has a sensitivity to certain types of laundry care products? Ever wonder why something so simple, like laundry detergent or fabric softener, can cause so many people (especially children) to have allergic reactions?
A hidden truth about laundry chemicals: Since up to 60% of what you put on your skin will get absorbed into your bloodstream it is extremely probable that some of your favorite conventional laundry slime can leach in as well.
Let's uncover how…
The Slimy Non-Rinsable Truth: Conventional laundry goop is actually designed to leave a film on your garments. That's right. On purpose!
If suds are not blowing the door off of your washer, then clearly your clothes can't get clean, right? Wrong!
3 Main Reasons Why Chemical Manufacturers design products to leave chemicals on your body:
#1 No Slime = No Spring Fresh Funk.
We have become addicted to toxic perfumes in our home products. The majority of people gauge how clean their laundry is by how “good” it smells.
The chemical bouquet in your laundry detergent is designed to trick your mind into thinking your laundry is clean through your nose.
Most of the perfumes and fragrances that are used are water soluble, which means they would rinse away if added to a natural soap so they need a carrier (AKA “surfactant slime”) that will leave a perfumed sheen on your garments. YUCK!
#2 “Brighter Bright's & Whiter White's Guaranteed.”
This toxic optical illusion is not a new scheme. Years ago the concept of “bluing” became very popular. Adding blue dye to the wash served to diminish yellow light, giving the illusion that the yellow tinge of your clothes, caused by dirt buildup, has been cleaned away.
The reason why most mainstream laundry detergent is blue or green is because it has been designed to leave behind a bluish film on your clothes. This haze tricks your eyes into believing that your clothes are brighter than usual because blue is in the color spectrum that we recognize as brightness.
Even the very popular oxygen boosting products add these toxins in the form of little blue beads to fulfill their brand promise.
#3 That “Oh-So-Soft Static-Free Towel.”
Your towels don't get that slick-so-soft feel by accident!
It's actually a toxic concoction of synthesized chemicals like: Chloroform, Camphor, A-Terpineol, Dimethicone, Dioxanes, and sadly, so much more.
These “softeners” are not as gentle as their marketing mascots and messages portray.
Free will is an amazing gift! Whether your clothes are “clean n' fresh” or not is irrelevant. Are you willing to use great-smelling, super-bright, oh-so-soft laundry slime knowing these chemicals are being put on the backs of your family?
You owe it to yourself, and your family, to know what's in the products that you are putting on your bodies.
Our desire for this post is to create change. We want to change the way that people think about laundry products and interact with packaging.
Join the Refillable Laundry Revolution today and free your family once and for all from all the toxic goop in your laundry room.
Sharing is caring!
Detroit Pistons forward Josh Smith was very upset with Denver Nuggets power forward Kenneth Faried, calling Faried a "clown" and saying that he doesn't "respond to any basketball player with dreadlocks, reports Vincent Goodwill of the Detroit News.
"I don't respond to anybody with dreadlocks who plays basketball," Smith said, referring to Faried's hairdo. "He's a clown, quote me on that."
What had Smith so fired up? The Nuggets opened the season with a win over the Pistons on Wednesday, and Smith finished the game with a game-high 25 points on an inefficient 9-of-22 shooting, making just three of his 10 field goals through the second half.
Faried made a comment about his poor shooting second half afterwards, saying the Nuggets let Smith "keep shooting" and that he "shot them out of the game," according to Evan Jankens of CBS Detroit.
Smith wasn't the only one struggling from the field, though, as Kentavious Caldwell-Pope ended the night shooting just 3-of-19. Faried, meanwhile, continued his strong play that helped Team USA through the FIBA World Cup by putting up 22 points while grabbing 17 rebounds.
The Raiders have invited 14 uncapped Raiders players to train with the full-time NRL squad in the pre-season, grooming some for years in advance and testing others further to see if they will make it to the NRL at all. The youngest is 17-year-old half Lachlan Croker, the nephew of Raiders all-time games record-holder Jason Croker and a prospect Canberra has signed on contract until the end of 2017. The oldest is a nuggety prop and Queensland Cup player of the year, Luke Page, who wasted his first opportunity with the Gold Coast Titans and is determined to prove he can cut it this time, given more dedication. As Stuart embarks on his second year attempting to rebuild the Raiders, he doesn't back away from his assertion earlier this season that he wants to continue recruiting aggressively, trying to attract more senior and established representative talent to the club. But Stuart says the regeneration of the Raiders will only work if young talent continues to progress through the ranks too. "It goes hand-in-hand, you can't have one without the other," Stuart said.
"You look at our average age in the last game of the season, it was 23 or 24. You look at the maximum amount of games those players have played, compare it to one of the top-four teams – we're hundreds of games down on experience. "What I'm trying to do is give my young talent as much learning opportunity as I possibly can at a younger age so the Raiders continuously have them coming through. "We've always had a terrific base of younger players, forever we've heard Canberra's got some great kids. But getting senior players to complement them is still part of our development too. To have senior players that know how to win, have form on the board, have played grand finals or Origins. That's the blend or mix that creates a healthy playing list." Stuart feels talent has been diluted too much in the under 20s competition and sees more value in testing his most promising young players at NSW Cup level, closer to NRL standard. It's a tough gap to bridge.
Steve Antonelli, coach of Canberra's NSW Cup feeder team Mounties, has relocated to Canberra to act as the transitional coach or mentor to players who are in limbo between Under 20s and NRL. Like Brett Kimmorley before him, Antonelli will provide more individual coaching and advice for those players on the cusp of NRL. "The talent's drying up in our Under 20s NYC competition, therefore we have to take preparation and education for the younger players to another level, which is why we've employed a transitional coach," Stuart said. "It's about trying to create our own depth of talent. "There's a definite pathway here at the club for younger players to learn how to become a professional and learn how to play first grade." At the start of pre-season training, Stuart told his players the story of Raiders centres Jeremy Hawkins, the 21-year-old who made his debut against a depleted Cronulla Sharks in round 23 last season. Stuart wanted to emphasise how tough the jump from NSW Cup to NRL can be. "He [Hawkins] came off the field in complete shock and physically fatigued," Stuart said. "He said: 'Now I get it, now I understand why you push so hard at training, why you don't want us to take shortcuts, why you need our preparation to be 100 per cent. Because that was the fastest most intense game of rugby league I've ever played in my life.'
"I've asked fans for patience, but when I ask for patience it's not because I'm trying to buy myself time. I want to win as much as anybody. "The patience is for these young boys to come through and filter into first grade. It's patience for our young players like Jack Wighton, Paul Vaughan or Shannon Boyd to get another 30 to 40 games. It's patience for me to recruit senior experience around these younger players." Of the Raiders recruits this season, former Kiwi international Iosia Soliola, from the UK Super League, and Sisa Waqa from Melbourne are the more experienced. Hooker Josh Hodgson has just represented England in the Four Nations. Five-eighth Blake Austin was an exciting buy from the Wests Tigers, but he is still 23 and has only played 34 NRL games. There are exceptions, like Wighton and Anthony Milford, who can quickly and confidently make the transition from juniors to the NRL. But Raiders recruitment and development manager David Hamilton felt players benefited more by an apprenticeship in NSW or Queensland Cup.
Hamilton said that's why it was pivotal to identify players well in advance of their NRL debuts, to give them the experience of training in an NRL environment. "I really believe if you get three pre-seasons under your belt, you're going to give someone a hell of a chance to make the jump to the next level," Hamilton said. JACK AHEARN DOB: 24/02/93 (21) Position: Fullback, Five-eighth
Rating: 2015 shapes as make-or-break in Canberra for the Valley Dragons junior, given he's off-contract. Ahearn was Raiders player of the year in their Under 20s in 2013, going on to make the Junior Kangaroos squad. Despite Canberra's search for a fullback and five-eighth, he's yet to get a look-in at the NRL despite playing five-eighth for NSW Residents this year outside Mitch Cornish. MITCHELL BARNETT DOB: 15/4/94 (20) Position: Back row Rating: In a disappointing season for the Canberra Under 20s, Barnett was a shining light. He was voted best player by his teammates and the former Newcastle Knights junior is tough as teak. A former Under 18 NSW Country representative, he's played a lot of props at the Raiders but has good feet and is considered a back-row prospect. Probably needs a couple of seasons in NSW Cup to get ready for the step.
LUKE BATEMAN DOB: 23/1/95 (19) Position: Lock Rating: Bateman is rated so highly at the club some speak of him as future captaincy material. Still eligible for Under 20s next year, he already pushed on to Queensland Cup in 2014 and looked comfortable. His work ethic is compared to NRL lock Shaun Fensom, but he played a lot of halves in the juniors and has skill with the ball. A Queensland Under 20s rep this year, he was unlucky to miss out on the Junior Kangaroos squad. Real chance to make his NRL debut in 2015. LACHLAN CROKER
DOB: 2/12/96 (17) Position: Halves Rating: His uncle, Jason Croker, made his top-grade debut as a winger and went on to become the most capped Raiders player of all time. Just out of school, it speaks volumes for his potential that he's training at NRL level. School captain at his college, Goulburn's St Patrick's, he skippered the Raiders Under 18 S.G. Ball and was player of the year, easily making the transition to 20s. Classy half with a strong tackling technique who represented NSW Under 18s. 2015 is probably too early, but could sneak an debut by 2016 and is contracted until 2017. MITCH CRONIN DOB: 25/4/92 (22)
Position: Hooker Rating: Like Ahearn, 2015 is the year for Cronin to prove he can cut it. He spent a lot of the year playing as back-up hooker to Kurt Baptiste at Souths Logan in the Queensland Cup, but he has made a big effort to bulk up in the off-season and has returned to training looking strong. Has plenty of utility value, can play everywhere from fullback to nine. SCOTT DOYLE DOB: 18/1/94 (20) Position: Back row
Rating: Gets the chance to start the pre-season in the NRL squad before relocating the Souths Logan in the Queensland Cup after Christmas. Given there's only so many positions to go around at Mounties, the Raiders are trusting his development under former Queensland Origin centre Josh Hannay. A former Under 18s Queensland rep. ANDREW HEFFERNAN DOB: 24/1/95 (19) Position: Centre Rating: Niggling injuries have frustrated his development, but he can play. He's still eligible to play Under 20s with the Raiders, but is likely to get his time with Mounties in the NSW Cup to get a taste for the next step. A graduate of the AIS program, Heffernan comes from Laurie Daley's junior club, the Junee Diesels. A former Australian touch representative and took out the club's education and welfare award this year.
HAYDON HODGE DOB: 27/9/91 (23) Position: Centre Rating: Recurring injuries got so bad for Hodge, including a knee reconstruction, the club ordered him to hit the refresh button by taking a year off footy. He's returned fit and has been given a pre-season and trial contract to prove himself. The year off looks to have done him wonders. He scored four tries in a match playing for the Australian Schoolboys and is a special talent if he stays on the paddock. RHYS KENNEDY
DOB: 11/10/94 (20) Position: Prop Rating: The Raiders were disappointed to lose him to the Melbourne Storm, but now he's returned on a two-year contract to rejoin his big brother, NRL back-rower Jarrad. Only Dane Tilse, at 200 centimetres, is taller than him at the club. While he weighs in a hefty 103 kilograms, the Raiders will show patience with his development over the next two years so he can bulk up further. JEFF LYNCH DOB: 28/10/93 (21)
Position: Prop Rating: Lynch was playing trials with the Raiders last pre-season, until he ruptured a ligament in his knee, requiring a reconstruction. It came after a shoulder reconstruction the year before. But the Raiders continue to be impressed with his work ethic to return. Like young prop Shannon Boyd, he comes from Cowra. It may take a year for him to find his feet again in NSW Cup. PATRICK MAGO DOB: 4/12/94 (19) Position: Back row
Rating: An exciting talent who has represented the Junior Kangaroos for the past two seasons and is closing in on a potential NRL debut. He and Tevita Pangai (below) formed a back-row combination for the Junior Kangaroos and Raiders staff will be looking closely to see which outpoints the other in the pre-season. Has all the talent, but it being monitored closely on his fitness. LUKE PAGE DOB: 12/1/91 (23) Position: Prop Rating: Has admitted himself he took his opportunity at the Gold Coast Titans for granted, has now relocated to the Raiders for a second chance. Was Queensland Cup player of the year in 2014 and was chosen to represent Papua New Guinea, but turned it down to focus on the pre-season. A squat, powerful prop, explosive and in the shape of Roosters forward Sam Moa. Real chance for NRL.
KILU PANGAI DOB: 28/10/94 (20) Position: Prop Rating: The Raiders demanded he lose weight if he wanted to be involved in the NRL pre-season and he met that by cutting back to 112kg. Like Page, a nuggety-type prop who's contracted until the end of 2016. Has great speed and agility for a big man, just needs to prove he can meet the professional preparation required when he steps up against men. TEVITA PANGAI
DOB: 4/2/96 (18) Loading Position: Back row Rating: The Raiders took him out of Under 20s this year to throw him straight into NSW Cup with Mounties. He was one of the first juniors coach Stuart re-signed when he arrived at the Raiders. There have been comparisons to Australian Kangaroos forward Josh Papalii and Pangai is explosive in attack. Still probably needs to prove himself defensively and fitness-wise to get an NRL call-up.
We were live at Universal Studios in Los Angeles today for Tesla's unveiling of its new integrated energy solution with ‘solar roof and Powerwall'. For the event, Tesla and SolarCity retrofitted with the new solar roof solutions a bunch of houses used for film and tv sets by Universal Studios.
The company surprised everyone with not only one solar roof, but several new solar roof options, including designs that look like Textured Glass Tile, Slate Glass Tile, Tuscan Glass Tile, and Smooth Glass Tile.
Some of the options look opaque from a street angle and transparent from a birdseye view – aka the sun's view. That's what enables the roof to look nothing like solar, but for the solar cells to still capture solar energy from sunlight.
Here's Tesla's description of the solar roof system:
“The solar roof consists of uniquely designed glass tiles that complement the aesthetics of any home, embedded with the highest efficiency photovoltaic cells. It is infinitely customizable for a variety of different home styles, each uniquely engineered so that the photovoltaic cells are invisible. Customers can choose which sections of their roof will contain the hidden solar technology while still having the entire roof look the same. These new roofs will seamlessly and beautifully supply renewable energy to homes, battery storage systems and back into the grid creating savings for owners. When combined with Tesla Powerwall, the solar roof can power an entire home with 100% renewable energy. “
CEO Elon Musk claims that they could last 2-3 times longer than traditional roofs.
You can find a few pictures of the event and solar roof product below – and a closer look at each option in our follow-up post here.
The Powerwall 2.0 also got a significant update with now twice the energy capacity:14 kWh. It got a little more expensive though at $5,500, but that's nothing when you consider that the inverter is integrated. That's right. A 14 kWh battery pack with an integrated inverter for $5,500.
Elon Musk said that he expects to sell more Powerwalls than cars and at the price point, it's understandable. Powerwall 2 starts shipping in December.
The company is taking orders right now for the solar roof, but Musk said that installations will start summer of next year. Musk refused to give details about pricing, but said that it will be competitive.
Tesla's new residential solar and energy storage solutions are quite innovative. You can visit Tesla's website to see if they could work for your house or business, but solar and energy storage prices are highly dependent on your market (electricity cost, gov incentives, etc.) and your property. We suggest getting quotes from more than one installer to make sure you get the best energy solution for your place. UnderstandSolar is a great free service to link you to top-rated solar installers in your region for personalized solar estimates for free.
Trainer Illamasqua 11 reviews - Trainer, PA
A creative, engaging educator with an exceptional artistic ability and with previous experience in coaching and sales training within the beauty retail sector.
The Trainer represents the best of Illamasqua's talent, responsible for the education of our teams in all areas. A confident, warm personality that creates an uplifting and inspiring learning environment in which the teams can stretch themselves professionally.
We are looking for a highly educative, well organised individual who will creatively inspire and help the teams to grow their skills in make-up artistry, the delivery of the Illamasqua brand experience on counter and sales performance. We want a top performer, who has an affinity with our brand values and is results focused.
You must have a minimum of one year experience in a similar role, strong artistic ability and a proven track record in exceeding sales targets. You will need to be creative and proactive in helping the team to recruit new customers on a daily basis to help grow the business.
You will benefit from exceptional brand and skills training, and be a valued member of our Art Team, driving the retail growth of this independent British Brand.
To apply for this role please e-mail a copy of your current CV to recruitment@illamasqua.com
< BACK
History Edit
Small size parameter approximation Edit
The size of a scattering particle is often parameterized by the ratio x = 2 π r λ {\displaystyle x={\frac {2\pi r}{\lambda }}} where r is its characteristic length (radius) and λ is the wavelength of the light. The amplitude of light scattered from within any transparent dielectric is proportional to the inverse square of its wavelength and to the volume of material, that is to the cube of its characteristic length. The wavelength dependence is characteristic of dipole scattering[8] and the volume dependence will apply to any scattering mechanism. Objects with x ≫ 1 act as geometric shapes, scattering light according to their projected area. At the intermediate x ≃ 1 of Mie scattering, interference effects develop through phase variations over the object's surface. Rayleigh scattering applies to the case when the scattering particle is very small (x ≪ 1, with a particle size < 1 /10 wavelength[9]) and the whole surface re-radiates with the same phase. Because the particles are randomly positioned, the scattered light arrives at a particular point with a random collection of phases; it is incoherent and the resulting intensity is just the sum of the squares of the amplitudes from each particle and therefore proportional to the inverse fourth power of the wavelength and the sixth power of its size.[8][10] In detail, the intensity I of light scattered by any one of the small spheres of diameter d and refractive index n from a beam of unpolarized light of wavelength λ and intensity I 0 is given by I = I 0 1 + cos 2 ⁡ θ 2 R 2 ( 2 π λ ) 4 ( n 2 − 1 n 2 + 2 ) 2 ( d 2 ) 6 {\displaystyle I=I_{0}{\frac {1+\cos ^{2}\theta }{2R^{2}}}\left({\frac {2\pi }{\lambda }}\right)^{4}\left({\frac {n^{2}-1}{n^{2}+2}}\right)^{2}\left({\frac {d}{2}}\right)^{6}} [11] where R is the distance to the particle and θ is the scattering angle. Averaging this over all angles gives the Rayleigh scattering cross-section[12] σ s = 2 π 5 3 d 6 λ 4 ( n 2 − 1 n 2 + 2 ) 2 {\displaystyle \sigma _{\text{s}}={\frac {2\pi ^{5}}{3}}{\frac {d^{6}}{\lambda ^{4}}}\left({\frac {n^{2}-1}{n^{2}+2}}\right)^{2}} [13] The fraction of light scattered by a group of scattering particles is the number of particles per unit volume N times the cross-section. For example, the major constituent of the atmosphere, nitrogen, has a Rayleigh cross-section of 6969509999999999999♠5.1×10−31 m2 at a wavelength of 532 nm (green light).[14] This means that at atmospheric pressure, where there are about 7025200000000000000♠2×1025 molecules per cubic meter, about a fraction 10−5 of the light will be scattered for every meter of travel. The strong wavelength dependence of the scattering (~λ−4) means that shorter (blue) wavelengths are scattered more strongly than longer (red) wavelengths.
From molecules Edit
Figure showing the greater proportion of blue light scattered by the atmosphere relative to red light. The expression above can also be written in terms of individual molecules by expressing the dependence on refractive index in terms of the molecular polarizability α, proportional to the dipole moment induced by the electric field of the light. In this case, the Rayleigh scattering intensity for a single particle is given in CGS-units by[15] I = I 0 8 π 4 α 2 λ 4 R 2 ( 1 + cos 2 ⁡ θ ) . {\displaystyle I=I_{0}{\frac {8\pi ^{4}\alpha ^{2}}{\lambda ^{4}R^{2}}}(1+\cos ^{2}\theta ).}
Cause of the blue color of the sky Edit
Main article: Diffuse sky radiation Scattered blue light is polarized . The picture on the right is shot through a polarizing filter : the polarizer transmits light that is linearly polarized in a specific direction. The strong wavelength dependence of the scattering (~λ−4) means that shorter (blue) wavelengths are scattered more strongly than longer (red) wavelengths. This results in the indirect blue light coming from all regions of the sky. Rayleigh scattering is a good approximation of the manner in which light scattering occurs within various media for which scattering particles have a small size (parameter). A portion of the beam of light coming from the sun scatters off molecules of gas and other small particles in the atmosphere. Here, Rayleigh scattering primarily occurs through sunlight's interaction with randomly located air molecules. It is this scattered light that gives the surrounding sky its brightness and its color. As previously stated, Rayleigh scattering is inversely proportional to the fourth power of wavelength, so that shorter wavelength violet and blue light will scatter more than the longer wavelengths (yellow and especially red light). However, the Sun, like any star, has its own spectrum and so I 0 in the scattering formula above is not constant but falls away in the violet. In addition the oxygen in the Earth's atmosphere absorbs wavelengths at the edge of the ultra-violet region of the spectrum. The resulting color, which appears like a pale blue, actually is a mixture of all the scattered colors, mainly blue and green. Conversely, glancing toward the sun, the colors that were not scattered away — the longer wavelengths such as red and yellow light — are directly visible, giving the sun itself a slightly yellowish hue. Viewed from space, however, the sky is black and the sun is white. The reddening of the sun is intensified when it is near the horizon because the light being received directly from it must pass through more of the atmosphere. The effect is further increased because the sunlight must pass through a greater proportion of the atmosphere nearer the earth's surface, where it is denser. This removes a significant proportion of the shorter wavelength (blue) and medium wavelength (green) light from the direct path to the observer. The remaining unscattered light is therefore mostly of longer wavelengths and appears more red. Some of the scattering can also be from sulfate particles. For years after large Plinian eruptions, the blue cast of the sky is notably brightened by the persistent sulfate load of the stratospheric gases. Some works of the artist J. M. W. Turner may owe their vivid red colours to the eruption of Mount Tambora in his lifetime.[16] In locations with little light pollution, the moonlit night sky is also blue, because moonlight is reflected sunlight, with a slightly lower color temperature due to the brownish color of the moon. The moonlit sky is not perceived as blue, however, because at low light levels human vision comes mainly from rod cells that do not produce any color perception (Purkinje effect).[citation needed]
In optical fibers Edit
Rayleigh scattering is an important component of the scattering of optical signals in optical fibers. Silica fibers are glasses, disordered materials with microscopic variations of density and refractive index. These give rise to energy losses due to the scattered light, with the following coefficient:[17] α scat = 8 π 3 3 λ 4 n 8 p 2 k T f β {\displaystyle \alpha _{\text{scat}}={\frac {8\pi ^{3}}{3\lambda ^{4}}}n^{8}p^{2}kT_{\text{f}}\beta } where n is the refraction index, p is the photoelastic coefficient of the glass, k is the Boltzmann constant, and β is the isothermal compressibility. T f is a fictive temperature, representing the temperature at which the density fluctuations are "frozen" in the material.
In porous materials Edit
[18] Rayleigh scattering in opalescent glass: it appears blue from the side, but orange light shines through. Rayleigh-type λ−4 scattering can also be exhibited by porous materials. An example is the strong optical scattering by nanoporous materials.[19] The strong contrast in refractive index between pores and solid parts of sintered alumina results in very strong scattering, with light completely changing direction each five micrometers on average. The λ−4-type scattering is caused by the nanoporous structure (a narrow pore size distribution around ~70 nm) obtained by sintering monodispersive alumina powder.
See also Edit
Works Edit
Strutt, J.W (1871). "XV. On the light from the sky, its polarization and colour". The London, Edinburgh, and Dublin Philosophical Magazine and Journal of Science . 41 (271): 107–120. doi:10.1080/14786447108640452.
Strutt, J.W (1871). "XXXVI. On the light from the sky, its polarization and colour". The London, Edinburgh, and Dublin Philosophical Magazine and Journal of Science . 41 (273): 274–279. doi:10.1080/14786447108640479.
Strutt, J.W (1871). "LVIII. On the scattering of light by small particles". The London, Edinburgh, and Dublin Philosophical Magazine and Journal of Science . 41 (275): 447–454. doi:10.1080/14786447108640507.
Rayleigh, Lord (1881). "X. On the electromagnetic theory of light". The London, Edinburgh, and Dublin Philosophical Magazine and Journal of Science . 12 (73): 81–101. doi:10.1080/14786448108627074.
Rayleigh, Lord (1899). "XXXIV. On the transmission of light through an atmosphere containing small particles in suspension, and on the origin of the blue of the sky". The London, Edinburgh, and Dublin Philosophical Magazine and Journal of Science. 47 (287): 375–384. doi:10.1080/14786449908621276.
References Edit
Further reading Edit
Graco is recalling over 25,000 car seats due to harness webbing that could fail to restrain children in crashes.
The recall includes certain models of the company's My Ride 65 convertible car seats, according to the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration. The models include:
1871689
1908152
1813074
1872691
1853478
1877535
1813015
1794334
The problem with the seats' webbing was uncovered during mandated testing, according to Graco. The webbing did not meet federal requirements for breaking strength and could tear, according to NHTSA.
The affected car seats were made from May 16, 2014 to Aug. 1, 2014, Graco said.
The company plans to notify consumers affected by the recall and provide replacement kits with new harnesses and installation instructions. Owners can continue to use their car seats while waiting for replacement harnesses, according to Graco.
There have been no injuries associated with the recall, the company said.
Graco is expected to begin sending out replacement kits in July, according to NHTSA.
Contact Kevin Tampone anytime: Email | Twitter | Google + | 315-454-2112
A Simple Meta Compiler
Meta eForth DTC
For the last few years the Forth Interest Group has been distributing a highly portable Forth system called eForth. eForth was developed by Bill Muench as a Forth system with maximized portability through a minimized set of CODE words. I don't know if the E in eForth stands for Embedded, Educational, or Easy. eForth 1.0 was released in both Forth source and MASM source code. It was felt by many that MASM was nearly universally available, and that this format would be easily understood by people who might not be so comfortable with Forth source. It was also felt that meta compiling of Forth systems was what was preventing many programmers from ever understanding Forth.
Meta compiling is often regarded as an activity for black belt Forth programmers, but I am of the opinion that a meta compiler can be simpler than most Forth applications, and easily understood by Forth beginners.
The first Forth system that I brought up on one of my own computers some fifteen years ago was ported using a FIG assembly listing, and a ROM monitor, so I can understand the logic that an assembly listing of Forth could make sense. I was several years later that I first worked with Forth meta compilers. When I began working with eForth I developed a couple of new implementations of eForth using the MASM tools. The idea is that since eForth had only thirty CODE words these words could be coded for a new machine and using macros or data statements MASM can generate a new eForth. This idea works, and many versions of eForth have been created over the last few years, most of them using MASM. But in my own experience I found MASM to be a problem. Macros did not work the same in the three versions I had so I spent too much time trying to figure out how to get MASM to do fancy things. MASM needed lots of my disk space, and it was very slow.
When I upgraded to the then experimental eForth 2.0 I got it in Forth source only, but with Bill's meta compiler. The meta compiler did not come with a manual, but I was able to hack it from compiling 8086 object code to compiling MuP20 object code. It was much easier to tame than MASM, and instead of ten minute assembly times I was dealing with one and a half second compile times!
I metacompiled for Indirect Threaded, Direct Threaded, Subroutine Threaded, simulated MuP20, F20, MuP21, and F21 chips. But when I began to experiment with a subroutine threaded model with packed instruction primitives, and many code packing and inlining optimizations I found that I was fighting the tools. So I started writing my own meta compilers for eForth.
Recently I have been meta compiling eForth 2.4 for the MuP21 simulator and development system. I will use a simple version of this meta compiler as the example for this paper on meta compiling eForth. I have wanted to release a meta compiler for eForth that would run under eForth, and this one is now very close. Although this version is for FPC and some of it is specific to that Forth system.
I think that the most important thing in writing a meta compiler is to understand the system that you want to meta compile. The next most important thing is understanding the target machine. If you have a very large and complex Forth system it may require a large and complex meta compiler. s. I intend to concentrate entirely on the metacompiler itself here, and to the eForth model as it relates to metacompiling. I do not intend to cover the coding of the assembler that generates the CODE words, I will leave that up to the user who wants to metacompile a new eForth for their own new machine.
The eForth compiler is extrememly simple. Look up a word, execute it if it is immediate, or compile a token to represent it (usually an address), and if it is not in the Forth dictionary then it is either a number or an error.
An eForth metacompiler is almost as simple, but it is a little more complex because it is generating code that is not immediately executable. Often the code produced is for a different computer, and cannot be executed on the machine doing the metacompiling. The address in memory into which code is metacompiled is often not the same as the address where the code will run when it is executed.
What makes a normal Forth compiler work is that certain words are IMMEDIATE and will execute at compile time while other words are being compiled. Take this example:
: MYDEMO WORD1 WORD2 IF WORD3 THEN ;
A meta compiler does something similar to produce identical object code. It is different because none of the words metacompiled can be executed while metacompiling. Somehow WORD1 needs to compile a reference to WORD1, and IF it needs to do the same thing as IF in a normal Forth compiler.
The easiest way to get this to happen is to use the Forth wordlist search order to make it all happen. Remember there are going to be many versions of certain words. IF is a good example. There is the IF in Forth used in the normal Forth compiler, and possibly and IF in the assembler on the Forth system, and an IF in the meta compiler, and possibly and IF in the assembler for the TARGET eForth, and certainly an IF in the eForth source being meta compiled, and they are all different.
In the spirit of eForth I have tried to make this version of the meta compiler as and fairly portable. I have used only three vocabularies, and only two words to change the search order, FORTH and TARGET.
This is the key to how it all works. I use two search orders:
FORTH DEFS FORTH ROOT the order set by FORTH and XASM DEFS FORTH ROOT the order set by TARGET.
The normal Forth compiler normally creates a header for every word compiled. This behaviour is modifed in my meta compiler so that whenever words are defined two headers are created. One header is the header for the word in the TARGET system, and the other is a header for a definition in the DEFS vocabulary. The words in the the DEFS vocabulary all have a similar code structure. They have the same header as a definition in the TARGET system, and they have code that will compile a reference to the code in the TARGET system into the TARGET system. These words in the DEFS vocabulary are also all IMMEDIATE words.
Here is the definition of T_: the word that is used defining several types of words in the meta compiler:
\ T_: WILL COMPILE a header into DEFS and TARGET, and \ WHEN the DEFS version of a word compiled with T_: is RUN IT \ WILL COMPILE an MuP21 ADDRESS FOUND IN FPC WORD INTO TARGET (DTC) : T_: ( at runtime - - ) FIRSTSLOT \ MAKE SURE START OF WORD in MuP21, a target align HERE \ get HERE in the TARGET space CREATE \ modified for TWIN headers, one in DEFS one in TARGET , \ COMPILE MuP21 address INTO FPC WORD AT PARAM FLD IMMEDIATE \ all of the words in DEFS are IMMEDIATE DOES> @ \ at run time get MuP21 address ( n ) from param T, ; \ for direct threaded code model and compile it
In fact all of the words in the eForth source get compiled into IMMEDIATE words in the DEFS vocabulary. But since some of these words need to have immediate function to make the compiler work properly there words already have a defintion in the XASM vocabulary. TARGET sets the search order to XASM DEFS FORTH ROOT so that words like IF that require immediate execution during compilation will be found there before DEFS is searched.
This makes the metacompiler very simple. ALL words that it compiles create IMMEDIATE words in the DEFS vocabulary that do more compiling later if they are ever executed. And words that are normally immediate when compiling are found in XASM before DEFS is searched.
It is also handy to be able to switch back to Forth at times and make it the first vocabulary in the search order. When I finish the eForth resident version of the eForth meta compiler I expect that it will be even simpler than the FPC version. The complexity of FPC somewhat complicates the definition of some of the words in this metacompiler. Since the metacompiler makes TWIN headers for defintions the way FPC does headers is modified. Also some other compiler behaviour is modified that is FPC specific.
Here are most of the words in the XASM vocabulary that are not part of the MuP21 opcode assembler. Most of them should be very familiar.
CREATE VARIABLE USER CONSTANT : ; ALLOT IMMEDIATE COMPILE-ONLY RECURSE LITERAL ' ['] EQU FORTH \ ( [ ] [COMPILE] IF ELSE THEN BEGIN WHILE REPEAT UNTIL AGAIN HERE CODE END-CODE ABORT" ." C" S" , ALIGN CELLS CHARS
Here are most of the words in the FORTH vocabulary that are not part of the MuP21 opcode assembler.
XASM DEFS TARGET ALLOCMEM T_HERE T_NP T_LAST T_ALLOT T_@ T_! T, CMOVE>T S,-C "HEAD "TWINS 6/7/94 Jeff Fox
Hello Rustaceans!
I'm pleased to announce our first meetup of the year on Thursday January 19th meetup in the San Francisco Mozilla office. We have three speakers lined up:
* Joe Wilm: Alacritty (https://github.com/jwilm/alacritty) - A cross-platform, GPU enhanced terminal emulator
* Michael Sproul: How to calculate a nation state's election result in your bedroom (https://github.com/michaelsproul/aus_senate): The algorithm for deciding Australian senate elections is quite complex, and despite pressure from the public, there is no reference implementation available. I'll talk about how I re-implemented it in Rust, handling gigabytes of ballot papers and crunching millions of rational numbers in the process.
* Jamey Sharp: Corrode (https://github.com/jameysharp/corrode) - C to Rust translator
The doors will open at 6pm, and the talks go live at 7pm.
As always, Mozilla will be graciously providing food, drink, and a live stream of the meetup. The stream will also be archived on Air Mozilla. I'll update this page with the link to the talk once it goes live.
I hope you all can make it!
-Erick
edit: live stream link (https://air.mozilla.org/rust-meetup-january-2017/)
Are we dealing with arrogant developers, or a good project? That's what we'll have to investigate with SuperiorCoin. There are a lot of coins out there, and for one to claim superiority is obviously a boost to be looked at with careful speculation – what exactly are you trying to say, now?
The reserve currency of choice for ideas, services and collaboration.
Any currency could claim this, depending on the situation. What makes this coin special?
Superior Coin is a secure, private, untraceable currency. Unlike many crypto currencies that are derivatives of Bitcoin, Superior Coin is based on the CryptoNote protocol and possesses significant algorithmic differences relating to blockchain obfuscation. Superior Coins main emission curve will have issued about 1.5 billion coins to be mined in over 30+ years. Superior Coin protects privacy in three ways for all transactions on the network: 1 ring signatures hide the sending address, 2 RingCT hides the amount of the transaction, and 3 stealth addresses hide the receiving address of the transaction.
So it's based on the CryptoNote protocol, which is best demonstrated by Monero and Bytecoin. This is not a bad thing – both of these are valid coin efforts, and Monero in particular holds a high value. Nevertheless, simply having stealth addresses and all this does nothing to prove why you're “reserve currency of choice for ideas” et cetera. There's no justification for that claim at all going on here – it's just a projection of your own ego, it would seem, because already we see that this coin is not superior to, at least to Monero or Bytecoin, or any other Cryptonote coin for that matter, and whether or not one believes those are competitive with Bitcoin is a personal opinion.
In any case, we're running into a question:
Superior How?
What is the fundamental offering here? Another CryptoNote coin with a cocky name. That's not much of an offering. There has to be something worthwhile going on here. Or are the designers simply trying to score a buck in all the new buzz surrounding cryptocurrencies? One can hardly blame them, and it happens every day, but nonetheless, it has to be considered a possibility when there are no real, differentiating offerings here.
Value Proposition
It would seem the value proposition of SuperiorCoin will be similar to other CryptoNote coins. Monero has values as high as $50 and often higher, whereas Bytecoin holds a small value in Satoshi, making it a coin that you can hold a lot of and gain that way. If SuperiorCoin is added to the MinerGate platform, where most CryptoNote coins, as well as Ethereum, are mined, then you can see it gaining a slightly wider adoption – probably being added to the Changelly platform after that. All of these moves would be definite upgrades in the chances of this coin's success.
The Verdict
Given everything that is known, it doesn't look great, but it doesn't look terrible either.
Risk
The risk involved with a new coin like this is that the founders simply continue to dump on everyone, depressing the price. Such a risk is real and worth a full 2.5 points.
Growth Potential
The growth of a new cryptocurrency is unknown. If the above-outlined steps are taken, and there is liquidity as well as a good jury of miners, then we can safely add 4 points for growth potential.
CryptoNote coins are gaining adoption because newcomers to the market don't understand how to get into complicated mining schemes, but they can figure out how to press a button that says “start mining.” As such, people are looking to MinerGate as a solution for mining, and they are mostly exposed to CryptoNote coins through this interface. If SuperiorCoin were added, its adoption would follow a similar track to the rest of the Bytecoin forks. We add 2 points for this.
This gives us an outcome rating of 3.5 of 10.
Superiorcoin Investment Details
To invest in SuperiorCoin, you can either mine it's following a guide or you can buy it through the website. Mining it will probably actually yield coins, even with a CPU, so it's worth looking into. If it's added to MinerGate, its mining difficulty will probably increase, but so too will ultimately the value of the coins.
Featured image from Shutterstock
